Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Salim Anthony v Sumitomo Corp Capital Asia Pte Ltd and Others and Another
Application  
[2004] SGHC 117

Case Number | : | OS 1368/2003, 1566/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar and Kabir Singh (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiff; Philip Jeyaretnam SC and Ajinderpal Singh (Rodyk and Davidson) for first defendant; Tan Chuan Thye and Andy Yeo (Allen and Gledhill) for second to seventh defendants   
Parties | : |  Salim Anthony — Sumitomo Corp Capital Asia Pte Ltd; Sakura Merchant Bank (Singapore) Ltd; Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd; The Norinchukin Bank; The Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co Ltd; Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Singapore Branch; Dresdner Bank Aktiengesellschaft   
  
Contract – Assignment – Whether assignment of creditors' rights and interests
under Facility Agreement invalid – Whether assignment complied with legal
requirements and contractual terms under Facility Agreement  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Discharge – Plaintiff in
first originating summons – Whether discharged all obligations under guarantee
– Whether entitled to be subrogated to rights of creditors under Facility
Agreement  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Discharge – Plaintiff in
second originating summons – Whether entitled to be subrogated to rights of
creditors under Facility Agreement upon paying plaintiff in first originating
summons  
  

4 June 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J

**The background**

1 PT Satomo Indovyl Monomer (“the Borrower”) is a joint venture company
established in Indonesia, under a joint venture agreement dated 17 April 1995
(“the JVA”) made between Sumitomo Corporation (“Sumitomo”), PT Sulfindo
Adiusaha (“Sulfindo”) and Brenswick Limited (“Brenswick”). The shareholdings
in the Borrower of Sumitomo, Sulfindo and Brenswick are 25%, 51% and 24%
respectively.

2 By a facility agreement dated 31 March 1997 (“the Facility Agreement”) made
between the Borrower of the one part and Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd (“the third
defendant”), The Norinchukin Bank (“the fourth defendant”), The Sumitomo Trust
& Banking Co Ltd (“the fifth defendant”), Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
(“the sixth defendant”) and Dresdner Bank Aktiengesellschaft (“the seventh
defendant”) of the other part (hereinafter referred to collectively as “the
Lenders”), the Lenders agreed to extend banking facilities of up to
US$94,500,000 (“the Loan”) to the Borrower. The second defendant was the
Security Agent appointed under cll 1 and 22 of the Facility Agreement, while
the third defendant was the Facility Agent appointed under the same clauses
thereof. The purpose of the Loan was to finance the construction and setting-
up of a manufacturing plant for the Borrower, as more particularly elaborated
below at [55].

3 Pursuant to the conditions precedent stated in the Facility Agreement, the
Borrower executed documents dated 7 May 1997 (“the Security Documents”) in
favour of the second defendant as the Security Agent of the Lenders. The
securities consisted of land on which the Borrower sited its manufacturing
plant, the plant itself, machinery and other movable assets.

4 By a deed dated 11 April 1997, Anthony Salim (“the plaintiff”) executed a
guarantee (“the Guarantee”) in favour of the second to seventh defendants as
the Lenders. Under the terms of the Guarantee, the plaintiff guaranteed the
obligations of Sulfindo and Brenswick under the Facility Agreement. The
plaintiff was, at the material time, the sole owner and shareholder of
Sulfindo and Brenswick. As Sulfindo and Brenswick jointly own 75% of the
Borrower, the plaintiff was effectively the majority shareholder of the
Borrower.

5 The three shareholders of the Borrower also entered into a shareholders’
support agreement (“SSA”) dated 7 May 1997. Under cl 12(A) thereof, Sulfindo
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed Brenswick’s obligations to make
payment under the terms of the SSA, in favour of the Borrower and the third
defendant as Facility Agent.

6 In September 1998, the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency (“IBRA”) took
over ownership of Sulfindo and Brenswick. In December 2001, IBRA transferred
ownership of the two companies to a Hong Kong company called Durability
Enterprise Limited.

7 Under cl 5(A) of the Facility Agreement, the Borrower had agreed to repay
the advances disbursed by the second to seventh defendants under the Loan, in
12 equal semi-annual instalments commencing 30 April 1999. On or before 30
April 2002, the Borrower obtained two deferrals under cl 5(B) of the Facility
Agreement. However, it subsequently defaulted on the principal instalment due
on 30 October 2002.

8 The Lenders took the position that the Borrower was in breach of cl 5(A) of
the Facility Agreement under cl 19(A)(1) thereof and that an event of default
had occurred.

9 By a letter dated 31 December 2002 to the Borrower from the third defendant,
the latter as Facility Agent declared an event of default had occurred,
pursuant to cl 19(B)(2) of the Facility Agreement and that a sum of
US$50,242,628.45 (inclusive of all advances, unpaid accrued interest and fees)
was due from the Borrower. This was followed by another letter dated 2 January
2003 from the third defendant to the shareholders of the Borrower, giving
notice under cl 8 of the SSA and demanding payment of the aforesaid amount in
the following proportions:

(a) Sumitomo – $12,560,657.11,

(b) Sulfindo – $25,623,740.51,

(c) Brenswick – $12,058,230.83.

Sumitomo paid $12,560,657.11 to the third defendant on 27 February 2003; the
other two shareholders did not pay.

10 Consequently, by a letter dated 15 January 2003, the third defendant
demanded immediate payment of US$12,058,230.83 from Sulfindo as guarantor of
Brenswick, pursuant to cl 12 of the SSA. In turn, by a letter dated 17 January
2003, the second defendant as Security Agent demanded payment from the
plaintiff as guarantor the sum of US$37,743,023.30 by 11.00am New York time,
on the day which fell after the plaintiff’s receipt of the letter. The
plaintiff did not make any payment on the demand within the deadline
stipulated.

11 On 17 April 2003, the Lenders commenced proceedings against the plaintiff
in Suit No 370 of 2003 (“the Suit”) for, _inter alia_ , the sums of
US$25,623,740.51, US$12,058,230.83 and interest of US$631,656.04. The
plaintiff filed his defence to the claim after which the Lenders applied for
summary judgment. Before the application could be heard, however, it was
overtaken by other events. The Suit was subsequently discontinued by the
Lenders.

12 On 22 August 2003, the third defendant as Facility Agent gave notice of
default (“the Default Notice”) to the Borrower and required the Borrower to
pay the sum of US$38,871,245.15 to the New York bank account of the Facility
Agent not later than 29 August 2003.

13 Clause 26(C) of the Facility Agreement gave any of the Lenders the right to
transfer all or any of the outstanding loans to any bank or financial
institution with the consent of the Facility Agent provided that prior notice
was given to the Borrower.

14 By a letter dated 4 September 2003 (“the Notice”), the third defendant
informed the Borrower that in its capacity as Facility Agent, it had
transferred all the outstandings under the Facility Agreement to a financial
institution (not identified). Individually, the Lenders also wrote to the
Borrower on 4 September 2003 in the same terms as the Notice, including a
statement that “the transfer remains subject to certain conditions”.

15 The plaintiff paid the third defendant as Facility Agent the sum of
US$38,915,000 for value on 5 September 2003. The amount was greater than that
demanded in the Default Notice as the plaintiff made allowance for interest
charges after 29 August 2003 (the deadline for payment) up to 5 September
2003.

16 On 4 September 2003, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Lenders’
solicitors giving notice that the plaintiff as guarantor had made full payment
to the Facility Agent, pursuant to the demand dated 17 January 2003 from the
second defendant. The plaintiff’s solicitors requested the Facility Agent’s
certification by 12 noon of 5 September 2003 that the then outstandings had
been settled in full and final settlement of the plaintiff’s obligations under
the Guarantee. The plaintiff’s solicitors requested further confirmation by
the same deadline that, against full payment by the plaintiff, the Lenders
would assign and/or transfer to the plaintiff all their rights and security
which they then held in respect of the Facility Agreement.

17 By a letter dated 5 September 2003 to the plaintiff, (“the Notice of
Assignment”) Sumitomo Corporation Capital Asia Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”)
and the Lenders informed the plaintiff that the Lenders had, by an assignment
agreement dated 3 September 2003 (“the Assignment”), assigned to the first
defendant all their present and future rights, title, interest, claims and
entitlements under or in respect of the Facility Agreement. The plaintiff was
not given a copy of the Assignment.

18 By a letter dated 5 September 2003 to the first defendant’s solicitors, the
plaintiff’s solicitors put the first defendant on notice that as the plaintiff
had made full payment of all the outstanding sums before his receipt of the
Notice of Assignment, the Notice of Assignment was invalid and of no effect.
The plaintiff’s solicitors wrote separately to the Lenders’ solicitors on the
same day repeating the plaintiff’s assertion that the Assignment was invalid.

19 In a letter dated 9 September 2003 to the plaintiff’s solicitors, the
second and third defendants’ solicitors confirmed that at 12.01am on 5
September 2003, the Lenders had completed the transfer to the first defendant
of their entire rights and obligations under the Facility Agreement. The
solicitors confirmed receipt by the third defendant as Facility Agent, of the
plaintiff’s payments on 5 September 2003 and advised that the amounts had been
transferred to the first defendant in accordance with the arrangements made
between the Lenders and the first defendant, and the provisions of the
Facility Agreement. The letter added that the third defendant was only made
aware of the plaintiff’s payments on the morning of 8 September 2003.

20 The plaintiff was of the view that the Assignment to the first defendant
was in breach of cl 26(C) of the Facility Agreement. As he had fully
discharged his obligations under the Guarantee, the plaintiff’s solicitors
wrote to the first defendant’s solicitors on 10 September 2003 to say the
plaintiff was entitled to be subrogated to the rights of the Lenders or the
first defendant as the new lender.

21 The first defendant did not agree and on 10 September 2003, its solicitors
replied to the plaintiff’s solicitors to say that the plaintiff’s payment of
US$38,915,000 did not fully discharge the plaintiff’s liabilities. The first
defendant’s English solicitors then instructed a local firm of solicitors
(“R&D”) who wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors on the same day, requiring the
plaintiff to pay all costs and expenses, pursuant to cl 17 of the Facility
Agreement, by 5.00pm of Thursday, 11 September 2003.

22 As no figure was specified for costs and expenses, the plaintiff’s
solicitors inquired of R&D on 11 September 2003 as to the quantum. R&D’s
response on 12 September 2003 merely stated, “we will let you have the amount
once we have determined it”. However until the date (22 September 2003) when
the plaintiff filed his Originating Summons No 1368 of 2003 and his first
affidavit, neither R&D nor the Lenders’ solicitors had informed the plaintiff
or his solicitors of the amounts they were claiming under cl 17 of the
Facility Agreement.

**The applications**

23 Consequently, the plaintiff filed Originating Summons No 1368 of 2003 (“the
first OS”) seeking, _inter alia_ , the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that the purported assignment (the Assignment mentioned at
[17] _supra_) of the rights of the Lenders under the Facility Agreement to the
first defendant is void, of no effect and/or is otherwise invalid;

(b) a declaration that the plaintiff has discharged all his obligations under
the Guarantee dated 11 April 1997 executed by the plaintiff in favour of the
Lenders and an order that the original Guarantee document be returned to the
plaintiff forthwith;

(c) alternatively to prayer 2, for an order that the Lenders (or the first
defendant) state on affidavit the amount purportedly due from the plaintiff
under cl 17 of the Guarantee, and a declaration that, upon payment of the said
amount by the plaintiff, the plaintiff has discharged all his obligations
under the Guarantee;

(d) a declaration that the Assignment being void and/or otherwise invalid upon
the plaintiff discharging his obligations under the Guarantee, the plaintiff
is subrogated to the rights of the Lenders under the Facility Agreement;

(e) alternatively, in the event that the Assignment is held to be valid, and
upon the plaintiff discharging his obligations under the Guarantee, a
declaration that the plaintiff is subrogated to the rights of the first
defendant under the Facility Agreement;

(f) an order that the Assignment being void and/or invalid, upon the plaintiff
discharging his obligations under the Guarantee, the second defendant and/or
the Lenders assign and/or transfer to the plaintiff all rights and/or security
held by the second defendant as Security Agent on the Lenders’ behalf, under
the Security Documents.

24 Sulfindo, on its part, filed Originating Summons No 1566 of 2003 (“the
second OS”) on 30 October 2003, essentially requesting the same reliefs as
those prayed for by the plaintiff in the first OS (as set out in [23(a)] and
[23(e)] above) save that Sulfindo further prayed for a declaration that upon
its payment to the plaintiff of sums due and owing by the company under the
SSA and paid under the Guarantee, the company was entitled to be subrogated to
the rights of the Lenders under the Facility Agreement.

**The affidavits**

25 The facts set out in preceding paragraphs were mainly gathered from the
first affidavits filed by the plaintiff in the first OS and by Sulfindo’s
President Director, Diana Lumakso (“Diana”), in the second OS and partly
extracted from the submissions of the plaintiff. Both deponents filed further
affidavits in both applications in reply to affidavits filed by the
defendants.

26 Diana generally relied on the plaintiff’s first affidavit in the first OS
for the full details leading to the filing of both applications. Sulfino has
not reimbursed the plaintiff the sums he had paid on the company’s behalf.
This is obvious from the following paragraphs in Diana’s first affidavit where
she said:

41 Sulfindo is now considering making payment to Salim. However, given the
position taken by the 1st defendants in OS 1368/2003 over the terms of the
Guarantee and the validity of the Assignment, Sulfindo is concerned that in
the event that it repays Salim (the plaintiff), it will face difficulty
asserting its rights to be subrogated to the rights of the Lenders or the 1st
defendants (depending on the validity of the Assignment) under the Facility
Agreement.

42 In the premises, it is imperative that prior to making any payment,
Sulfindo’s legal rights are determined by this Honourable Court.

27 I turn now to the affidavits filed by the Lenders’ representatives. For
both matters, affidavits were filed by Yusuke Ito (“Ito”) and Kyoichi Nagata
(“Nagata”) on behalf of the first and third defendants respectively.
Essentially, the contents of their affidavits were the same for both
applications.

28 Ito is the managing director of the first defendant. He confirmed the
plaintiff’s belief that the first defendant is related to, indeed it is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of, Sumitomo. In his affidavit filed on 14 October
2003 (“the first affidavit”), Ito exhibited a copy of the Assignment from the
Lenders to the first defendant, which is governed by English law. He deposed
that under cl 2.1 of the Assignment, it was agreed that the first defendant
would assume, perform and comply with the obligations under the Facility
Agreement and pay the Lenders as the assignors, the Settlement Amount (defined
as US$38,912,401.26) on the Settlement Date (which was specified as 5
September 2003). By cl 2.1(b) of the Assignment, the parties agreed that the
Assignment would come into effect on the Settlement Date.

29 Ito produced documents which showed that the first defendant had paid into
the third defendant’s New York account with JPMorgan Chase Bank (“JPMorgan New
York”) the sum of US$38,912,401.26 on 5 September 2003 at 9.50am Singapore
time, or 1.50am Greenwich Mean Time (“GMT”), or 9.50pm on 4 September 2003 New
York time. Consequently, the Assignment came into effect on 5 September 2003.
The Notice of Assignment ([17] _supra_) was hand-delivered to the plaintiff at
his Singapore residence on 5 September 2003 at about 12.30pm Singapore time or
4.30am GMT or 0.30am New York time.

30 Ito pointed out that the plaintiff’s remittance was received into the
account of the Facility Agent with JPMorgan New York for value on 5 September
2003, at 9.10pm Singapore time or 1.10pm GMT or 9.10am New York time. The
three different times were well _after_ the first defendant’s payment of
US$38,912,401.26 to the third defendant and _after_ the Notice of Assignment
from the Lenders and the first defendant had been hand-delivered to the
plaintiff.

31 Ito further pointed out that the plaintiff only paid the outstanding costs
under cover of his solicitors’ letter dated 30 September 2003. By their
solicitors’ letter dated 3 October 2003, the first defendant returned the
original Guarantee to the plaintiff.

32 Ito deposed that Sumitomo, together with the other shareholders of the
Borrower, had agreed to act as guarantor of the Borrower by way of cash
deficiency support and completion guarantee provisions under cll 7 and 8 of
the SSA, proportionate to the shares held. Accordingly, Sumitomo was a joint
and several guarantor as to 25% of the Borrower’s obligations while Sulfindo,
and in turn the plaintiff, was a guarantor as to 75% of the Borrower’s
obligations.

33 According to Ito, the third defendant had, on 28 March 2002, requested that
the shareholders provide US$7,541,666.67 by way of cash deficiency support to
the Borrower, to meet its obligations to the Lenders by 30 April 2002. On 30
April 2002, Sumitomo paid US$1,885,416.67 to the third defendant representing
25% of the sum requested. Neither Sulfindo nor Brenswick paid its share of the
sum.

34 On 2 January 2003, the third defendant again as Facility Agent demanded of
the shareholders US$50,242,628.45 under the completion guarantee provisions
under cll 7 and 8 of the SSA. In compliance thereof, Sumitomo paid
US$12,671,184.48, being 25% of the amount requested, to the third defendant on
27 February 2003. Neither Sulfindo nor Brenswick paid its share of the sum.

35 Ito asserted that the plaintiff is not entitled to subrogation of the first
defendant’s rights against the Borrower, one reason being that the plaintiff
is not a surety of the Borrower but of Sulfindo. Ito pointed out that the
plaintiff had not stated in his first affidavit, what arrangements he had made
with Sulfindo at the time. In any case, under cl 4(A) of the Guarantee, the
plaintiff had waived all rights of subrogation.

36 In his first affidavit filed on 15 October 2003, Nagata, who was/is the
third defendant’s Head of Project Finance, deposed that, prior to the
Assignment and while the Suit was still pending, the Lenders’ solicitors had
written to the plaintiff to inform him that the Lenders were negotiating to
sell their rights title and interest in the Facility Agreement, even though
there was no legal obligation on the part of the Lenders to inform the
plaintiff.

37 Nagata repeated what was said in Ito’s first affidavit about the timing of
the receipt by JPMorgan New York, of the remittances from the first defendant
and the plaintiff. He added that at about 10.54am on 4 September 2003, the
third defendant received a SWIFT message (“the MT103 message”) from the sixth
defendant acting as agent of the first defendant, stating that
US$38,912,401.26 had been received from the first defendant for value on 5
September 2003. The Lenders accepted the MT103 message as fulfilling the
conditions contained in cl 2.1 of the Assignment and para 3 of the transfer
notice (“the Transfer Notice”) which is to be given to the Facility Agent in
accordance with cl 26(C) of the Facility Agreement.

38 Consequently, at about 5.00pm on 4 September 2003, each of the Lenders in
preparation for the performance of their obligations under cl 9 of the
Assignment, signed the Transfer Notice previously signed by the first
defendant and which the third defendant then countersigned.

39 In relation to the plaintiff’s remittance to JPMorgan New York, Nagata
explained that the same was effected by PT Pan Indonesia Bank (“Panin”) giving
instructions to its New York correspondent, namely JPMorgan New York, _via_ a
SWIFT message (“the MT100 message”) which was never sent directly to any of
the Lenders or to the third defendant. The Lenders had no notice of the MT100
message until they received a copy from their solicitors on the morning of 5
September 2003. In the absence of any prior agreement with the Lenders, the
MT100 message did not constitute payment.

40 Upon notification of the MT100 message, the third defendant immediately
requested JPMorgan Singapore to check with its New York branch. The New York
branch confirmed the third defendant’s account had not been credited with
funds by the plaintiff or Panin. The third defendant was however informed by
JPMorgan Singapore that its New York branch had received payment from the
first defendant.

41 As the Assignment was effected at 12.01am on 5 September 2003 by the
Lenders to the first defendant, Nagata contended that the same was valid. The
third defendant was only notified on 8 September 2003 by JPMorgan Singapore,
that the latter’s New York branch had received the plaintiff’s remittance on 5
September 2003 at 10.00pm Singapore time.

42 An affidavit was filed by Yeo Leng Tiong (“Yeo”), a representative of
JPMorgan’s Singapore branch. Yeo exhibited documents to evidence the times
that remittances were received from the first defendant and from Panin on 5
September 2003.

43 The plaintiff responded to the affidavits of Ito and Nagata by his second
affidavit filed on 26 November 2003. He asserted that he had discharged his
obligations in full by his payment of US$38,915,000. The plaintiff alleged
that the Lenders and the first defendant held him to ransom by holding onto
the Guarantee even after his payment of the aforesaid sum. Consequently, he
had no choice but to ask for information pertaining to the costs and expenses
they claimed he owed, even though he did not admit liability. The plaintiff
pointed out that the first defendant’s solicitors’ letter dated 29 September
2003 claiming he still owed US$1,431.28 to the first defendant did not furnish
a breakdown which his solicitors had previously requested, nor was an
explanation given as to how the figure was derived.

44 The plaintiff further alleged that the Lenders and the first defendant took
steps to register the Assignment in Indonesia with the Jakarta courts on 12
September 2003 even though they were aware (from his solicitors’ letter dated
5 September 2003), that he was challenging the validity of the Assignment. He
accused them of acting in bad faith. He then learnt that the Lenders and the
first defendant applied to the Jakarta court on 16 September 2003 to deliver a
notification of transfer dated 5 September 2003 (“the Notification”) from the
Lenders to the Borrower and Sulfindo, presumably pursuant to the purported
Assignment dated 3 September 2003. The Jakarta court had ordered the bailiff
to deliver the Notification to the Borrower and Sulfindo. The Borrower had
filed an objection to the Notification on the ground that the Lenders and
Sumitomo were involved in a conspiracy.

45 The plaintiff revealed that neither he nor his solicitors were aware of a
subrogation agreement made between the first defendant and Sumitomo (“the
Subrogation Agreement”) until the first defendant registered it with the Land
Office in Jakarta, Indonesia, on 23 September 2003. He cited this incident as
another example of bad faith on the part of the first defendant. His
solicitors’ letter dated 11 September 2003 to the first defendant’s solicitors
had given notice that he was claiming the rights of subrogation of the
Lenders. Despite knowing his stand, the first defendant secretly entered into
the Subrogation Agreement with Sumitomo. The plaintiff was not surprised that
the registration of the Assignment and the Subrogation Agreement documents
with the Jakarta courts took place between 10 and 29 September 2003; that
being the period when his solicitors’ repeated requests of the first
defendant’s solicitors for a figure for the costs and expenses supposedly
owing by him, drew a blank.

46 Even if it was true (as contended by Ito) that any transfer notice under
the Facility Agreement need only be given to the Borrower and not to the
guarantor, the plaintiff pointed out that prior notice of the transfer was
given to the Borrower on 4 September 2003, _after_ the Assignment dated 3
September 2003. This was in clear breach of cl 26(C) of the Facility
Agreement, as the prior notice was executed _after_ the purported Assignment.
The prior notice given was also not reasonable notice, as it gave the Borrower
effectively less than 24 hours’ notice of the Lenders’ intention to transfer
their interest to the first defendant.

47 The plaintiff denied he had waived his rights of subrogation pursuant to cl
4(A) of the Guarantee. He took issue with Nagata’s contention that
notification to the Lenders’ solicitors of the MT100 message did not equate
payment of the sum of US$38,912,401.26 by him. The plaintiff drew attention to
the fact that his solicitors’ letter dated 4 September 2003 not only made
known to the Lenders that he had paid the said sum for value on 5 September
2003, but had also enclosed a copy of the MT100 message as proof of his
remittance.

48 In his second affidavit filed on 10 December 2003, Nagata defended the
Lenders’ action in registering the Assignment in Indonesia. He said the
Lenders had to act on the basis that the Assignment was valid and that the
registration process was a necessary step consequent on the execution of the
document.

49 Nagata questioned the plaintiff’s contention that the plaintiff had not
waived his rights of subrogation. Nagata revealed that the Salim group of
companies belonging to the plaintiff’s family had an in-house legal counsel
who, on 3 June 1997, gave a legal opinion to the Lenders to the effect that
the documents involved, including the Guarantee, were binding and enforceable
on the plaintiff, Sulfindo and the Borrower.

50 Nagata disagreed with the plaintiff’s interpretation of the MT100 message
dated 4 September 2003; he contended it only evinced an intention to pay on
the part of the plaintiff, not evidence of payment. Payment was only received
by JPMorgan New York a day later, on 5 September 2003. He asserted that the
Lenders could not reasonably be expected to rely on the MT100 message,
particularly when the past conduct of the plaintiff, the Borrower, Sulfindo
and Brenswick evinced no intention to pay on their part. In fact, the Lenders
had been in litigation with the plaintiff on the Guarantee, as he disputed his
liability thereunder.

51 In his second affidavit filed on 10 December 2003, Ito denied there was
anything sinister in the delay in furnishing the figure for costs to the
plaintiff’s solicitors. He explained the 19-day delay (10–29 September 2003)
was the time taken to obtain the information from the third defendant. He
deposed that under cl 17 of the Guarantee, the plaintiff was obliged to pay
such costs.

52 There was also nothing sinister in the conduct of the first defendant in
registering the Assignment in Indonesia, nor did the first defendant act in
bad faith. As the assignee, the first defendant was entitled to take steps to
register the Assignment so that it would be recognised in Indonesia. If the
Assignment was declared invalid by a Singapore court, then the registration in
Indonesia would be of no effect.

53 Ito pointed out that the first defendant was of the view that the plaintiff
was not entitled to subrogation of the Lenders’ rights under the Facility
Agreement. As such, the first defendant was entitled to be subrogated to those
rights, particularly as it had discharged its obligations as a 25% shareholder
of the Borrower, in meeting the demands for payment made by the third
defendant on the Lenders’ behalf.

54 Ito alleged it was the plaintiff, and not the first defendant, who had
sought to steal a march on the defendants. The plaintiff had instituted
proceedings in Indonesia against the Borrower even though he knew that the
Borrower was not a proper defendant to a claim for subrogation and that the
Borrower would be unlikely to contest the proceedings, the majority of its
directors being nominees of Sulfindo. The minority director of the Borrower,
who is a Sumitomo appointee, had not been apprised of the status quo of those
proceedings.

55 Another officer of the first defendant gave the reason why the first
defendant took an assignment from the Lenders. Toshio Nakamura (“Nakamura”),
the Assistant General Manager, referred to the JVA. He explained it involved
the construction, in West Java, of a new vinyl chloride monomer plant and the
acquisition, from Sulfindo, an adjacent and existing ethylene dichloride
plant. Under cll 7 and 8 of the JVA, the Borrower’s management consisted of a
board of supervisors and a board of directors (“the BOD”). Both boards are
hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Boards”. Of the four
commissioners and four directors on the Boards, three each were appointed by
the Borrower and one each by Sumitomo. Chlorine required for both plants was
supplied by another plant owned by Sulfindo.

56 Nakamura referred to cll 10.1(6) and 11.2 of the JVA which obliged Sulfindo
to provide chlorine from its plant to the Borrower based on a return of
investment formula (“ROI”) which ensured a specific return on investment,
which was US dollar-based. The markets for the products of the joint venture
were international markets and were priced in US dollars. Nakamura alleged
that after Sulfindo was affected by the Asian financial crisis, it attempted
to change the basis on which its chlorine price was calculated, in particular,
by contending that the investment element should be derived from the audited
accounts of the Borrower, which are rupiah-based. As the Indonesian rupiah had
depreciated against the US dollar, this meant a sharp increase in the chlorine
price to a level which the Borrower could not sustain.

57 When the Borrower defaulted on the principal instalment (US$5,156,250.00)
due on 30 October 2002 ([7] _supra_), the Lenders accelerated the loan. This
meant that the entire outstanding sum under the Facility Agreement became due
and payable. Prior thereto, Sulfindo and Brenswick had caused the Borrower to
overpay Sulfindo (presumably for the supply of chlorine) in an amount of
US$30,392,728.25 (by Sumitomo’s calculations), which moneys should have been
utilised to service the loans extended under the Facility Agreement, as well
as to keep the Borrower as a going concern.

58 Nakamura deposed that in January 2003, Sulfindo went to the extent of
obtaining a bankruptcy order against the Borrower. Despite the objections of
Sumitomo’s appointee, the bankruptcy petition was not contested by the
Borrower. It was only later that the Indonesian Supreme Court rescinded the
bankruptcy order on an appeal by several creditors of the Borrower including
Sumitomo. Consequently, Nakamura blamed Sulfindo for not only the default of
the Borrower under the Facility Agreement but also for Sumitomo’s exposure
under the SSA.

59 He said when the Lenders commenced the Suit, Sumitomo was concerned that
its serious losses in the JVA would be further compounded by the Lenders
seeking to realise their securities, which included mortgages on the two
plants and the land on which they were situated. Any forced sale of the same
would severely prejudice Sumitomo’s interests as a 25% shareholder of the
Borrower and as a guarantor which had paid 25% of the Borrower’s indebtedness
pursuant to the demands made by the third defendant under the SSA. These
considerations prompted Sumitomo (using the first defendant as the vehicle),
to execute the Assignment.

60 Nakamura revealed that Sumitomo had not expected the plaintiff to pay on
the Guarantee before the Lenders obtained judgment in the Suit. The plaintiff
had ignored the demand for payment made some eight months earlier in January
2003. The plaintiff’s two payments therefore came as a pleasant surprise.
Nakamura surmised the plaintiff could have been prompted to pay when he learnt
of the impending Assignment.

61 Nakamura made it clear Sumitomo and the first defendant would abide by the
court’s decision on the validity of the Assignment. He pointed out that even
if the plaintiff was entitled to subrogation pursuant to his payments, his
rights were limited to 75%, with the remaining 25% subrogation rights being
vested in Sumitomo, by virtue of Sumitomo’s payments under the SSA to the
Lenders. Consequently, Sumitomo would still be entitled to exercise its rights
in regard to the securities, subject to the total amount due to it.

62 In addition to what Ito had deposed to on the proceedings the plaintiff had
initiated in the Indonesian courts, Nakamura pointed out that the jurisdiction
clause (cl 23 of the Guarantee) required the plaintiff to submit to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. The plaintiff could not therefore sue in
Indonesia and should explain why he had commenced the Indonesian proceedings
against the Borrower. The Borrower is in any case not the proper party to
subrogation proceedings which rights only concern the guarantor and creditor.
Nakamura surmised that the plaintiff probably assumed that the Borrower would
not contest the Indonesian proceedings.

63 Diana filed an affidavit in the first OS in which she refuted the
allegations made by Nakamura on the supply of chlorine by Sulfindo. She
explained that Sulfindo’s supply of chlorine was governed by a chlorine supply
agreement dated 1 May 1997 made between the company and the Borrower, although
the supply had actually started much earlier in January 1996. Sulfindo
supplied the chlorine through pipelines linking Sulfindo’s chlorine plant with
the Borrower’s plant. After the creation of the JVA, a similar chlorine supply
agreement was made between Sumitomo and the Borrower under which terms
Sumitomo was to secure the supply of ethylene to the Borrower at the most
competitive price.

64 Although Sulfindo was the majority shareholder of the Borrower, Diana
deposed that the voting rights were such that the consent of Sumitomo’s
director was required for any decision of the Boards to be effective.
Consequently, it was not true that Sumitomo had no veto rights if it disagreed
with the majority decision of the Boards.

65 Diana admitted that Sumitomo and Sulfindo disagreed on the method of
calculation of the price of chlorine under the JVA, based on the ROI formula.
However, Sulfindo’s interpretation, that the pricing to the Borrower is
rupiah-based, had been determined to be correct by the District Court of South
Jakarta on 13 May 2002. She pointed out that it was only in early 1998 that
Sumitomo suddenly asserted that the chlorine supplied by Sulfindo should be
priced in US dollars, as its initial investment in the Borrower was in US
dollars.

66 As chlorine payments by the Borrower had to be approved by the BOD,
Sumitomo’s director used his voting rights to block payments to Sulfindo based
on rupiah prices. She claimed it was Sumitomo’s unreasonable stand which
caused the eventual collapse of the JVA and the cessation of operations by the
Borrower on 2 December 2002. (The dispute between Sumitomo and Sulfindo is the
subject of arbitration proceedings which are still pending.)

67 Diana alleged that Sumitomo had a motive for wanting the supply of chlorine
to be priced in US dollars. As a result of the depressed value of the rupiah
against the US dollar, if the chlorine was based on US dollars, it would
result in the price having a zero value, which meant that Sulfindo would be
supplying the product for free to the Borrower.

68 She further alleged that from subsequent events, it was clear that Sumitomo
had embarked on a deliberate campaign to cause both the Borrower and Sulfindo
to default on their obligations to pay the Lenders under the Facility
Agreement. Diana claimed that the securities pledged to the Lenders by the
Borrower under the Facility Agreement were worth in excess of US$100m. By
having its director in the Borrower block payments for chlorine to Sulfindo,
Sumitomo knew Sulfindo would suffer financial difficulties. First, it caused
the Borrower to default on the Lenders’ demands and later, Sulfindo to be
called upon for payment as guarantor of the Borrower for the sums demanded of
the latter. As neither company could meet its obligations to the Lenders, it
caused the Lenders to call upon the Guarantee and look to the plaintiff for
payment of the sums allegedly owed by Sulfindo and Brenswick under the SSA.
She contended that Sumitomo’s acts went far beyond protecting its interests as
a shareholder and guarantor, contrary to what Nakamura had suggested in his
affidavit. Diana also denied Nakamura’s claim that Sulfindo had been overpaid
in excess of US$30m by the Borrower. In fact, as at October 2002, the Borrower
owed US$29,091,381.40 to Sulfindo for chlorine supplied by the latter.

**The submissions**

**_The plaintiff’s arguments_**

69 Having dealt with the affidavits, I turn now to the arguments canvassed by
the parties in support of their respective positions. I start first with the
submissions put forth on behalf of the plaintiff and Sulfindo.

70 Mr Davinder Singh revealed that between 1997 (when the Facility Agreement
was executed) and 2002, the Borrower had made repayments of the loan of US$94m
down to about US$50m. This showed that the Borrower’s operations were
extremely profitable.

71 He then referred to cl 26 of the Facility Agreement which states:

**Transfers**

(A) **Benefit and Burden of this Agreement:** This Agreement shall benefit and
bind the parties, any New Lender in respect of which a Transfer Notice becomes
effective in accordance with Clause 26(C), their permitted assignees and their
respective successors. Any reference in this Agreement to any party shall be
construed accordingly.

(B) **Borrower:** The Borrower may not assign or transfer all or part of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement.

(C) **Lenders:** _Any lender may at any time transfer all or part of its
Outstandings to any bank or financial institution with the consent of the
Facility Agent provided that prior notice has been given to the Borrower of
such transfer_. Any Lender may at any time transfer all or part of its
Available Commitment to any bank or financial institution with the consent of
the Facility Agent. Any such transfer shall be made by delivering to the
Facility Agent a duly completed and executed Transfer Notice. On receipt of
such a notice, the Facility Agent shall countersign it for and on behalf of
itself and the other Lenders to this Agreement and subject to the terms of
that Transfer Notice …

[emphasis added]

72 He also referred to the Notice dated 4 September 2003 ([14] _supra_) from
the third defendant (as Facility Agent) to the Borrower, purportedly giving
prior notice in compliance with the first sentence in cl 26(C). The Notice
stated:

We refer to the LFA [Facility Agreement] and in particular to Clause 26(C) in
the LFA. We hereby give you prior notice of our transfer of all of our
Outstandings under the LFA to a financial institution. The transfer remains
_subject to various conditions_. Once these conditions have been satisfied,
you will be informed of all relevant details. [emphasis added]

giving the impression that the transfer had not yet taken place. Similarly,
the Lenders’ letters to the Borrower, all dated 4 September 2003 containing
the exact same notice, also gave that impression. To date, however, the
Lenders have not elaborated on the phrase “subject to various conditions” nor
have they produced evidence to show compliance with those conditions. If the
conditions actually meant only the obtaining of the consent of the Facility
Agent, this has also not been produced. The plaintiff therefore contended no
proper notice of the transfer had been given. It followed therefrom that the
Assignment was not valid or binding.

73 Counsel pointed out that the Lenders declared the Assignment effective,
without waiting for confirmation required under para 3 of the Transfer Notice,
that the first defendant had credited the account of the third defendant with
payment of US$38,912,401.26. He drew the court’s attention to the plaintiff’s
solicitors’ letter dated 5 September 2003 to the Lenders’ solicitors. There,
the plaintiff had pointed out that the Assignment dated 3 September 2003 was
inconsistent with the phrase “subject to various conditions” contained in the
Lenders’ letters dated 4 September 2003. It was only in the Lenders’
solicitors’ letter dated 9 September 2003 that the Lenders asserted the
plaintiff’s remittance was received by the third defendant _after_ the
Assignment.

74 The Lenders’ contention, that the Assignment was effective immediately
after midnight of 5 September 2003, was not supported by evidence of receipt
of payment from the first defendant. As the plaintiff had discharged all the
outstanding debts (“the outstandings”) of the Borrower as at 5 September 2003,
the Lenders had nothing to assign or transfer in any case. Counsel alleged the
Lenders and the first defendant deliberately structured the Assignment such
that it would be effective before the Borrower, Sulfindo and/or the plaintiff
had any opportunity to consider the implications of the Assignment or to take
steps to pay the outstandings to pre-empt the Assignment. The Lenders were
also accused of failing to disclose to the plaintiff that Sumitomo was related
to the first defendant, until after the Assignment purportedly became
effective. The deception was to cover up the fact that the Lenders and
Sumitomo had made a secret deal on the Assignment.

75 Mr Davinder Singh further alleged that the first defendant deliberately
delayed informing the plaintiff about the amount of costs he had to pay under
cl 17 of the Guarantee, noting that before R&D’s letter dated 10 September
2003, no such demand for costs and expenses had been made. He complained that
even after the plaintiff had paid those costs under protest, the first
defendant raised a new objection, namely, that the plaintiff had no rights of
subrogation, notwithstanding his payment as guarantor. The entire arrangement
between the Lenders, the first defendant and Sumitomo was designed to ensure
the securities remained in Sumitomo’s hands.

76 Counsel submitted that the Lenders’ reliance on cl 4(A) of the Guarantee
for their argument that the plaintiff had waived his rights of subrogation was
misconceived. The clause states:

The Guarantor waives all rights of subrogation and contribution and any rights
which he may have to claim prior exhaustion of remedies against the Borrower,
Sulfindo or any other person by any of the Secured Creditors as well as all
other benefits, rights of a surety or enforcement or set-off and agrees that
demands under this Guarantee may be made from time to time irrespective of
whether any steps or proceedings are being or have been taken against the
Borrower, Sulfindo and/or any other person or are being or have been taken to
enforce any agreement or security or other guarantee or indemnity.

The clause did not mean that the plaintiff waived his rights of subrogation
absolutely, but that he must postpone his rights of subrogation until _after_
the “Secured Creditors” (defined under the Facility Agreement as the Lenders,
the Security Agent, the Facility Agent and all their respective permitted
assignees, transferees, novatees and successors) had first exhausted their
remedies against the Borrower, Sulfindo _etc_. He referred to cl 7 of the
Guarantee to reinforce his argument, noting that none of the defendants
referred to it. That clause states:

Prior to the Release Date:-

(i) any right of the Guarantor, by reason of the performance of any of his
obligations under this Guarantee, to be indemnified by Sulfindo or to take the
benefit of or enforce any security, guarantee or indemnity shall be exercised
and enforced only in such manner and on such terms as the Security Agent
(acting on instructions from the Majority Lenders) may require; and

(ii) in the event that the Guarantor receives or recovers any amount (a) as a
result of any exercise of any such right or claim or (b) in the winding-up of
Sulfindo, the Guarantor shall immediately notify the Security Agent of the
receipt of any such amount and promptly pay the same to the Security Agent.

I should add that “Release Date” was defined in the Facility Agreement as
“[t]he date on which the Borrower has irrevocably paid, repaid or discharged
in full the Secured Indebtedness”.

77 The plaintiff’s final submission was, that to deprive him of the rights of
subrogation, on the ground that he had waived such rights under cl 4(A) of the
Guarantee, would unjustly enrich the defendants. In effect, it meant the
defendants could hold onto the securities even after the plaintiff had paid
all the outstandings and he could recover nothing.

**_The defendants’ submissions_**

78 The defendants’ submissions focused on the interpretation of cl 4(A) of the
Guarantee. It would be appropriate at this juncture to refer to their
interpretation. Counsel acting for the first defendant and for the second to
seventh defendants, adopted a common view on how the clause operates.

79 According to counsel, the plaintiff’s interpretation of the clause did not
make sense. Mr Jeyaretnam read the word “ _prior_ ” as an adjective to the
noun “exhaustion” whereas counsel for the plaintiff read it to mean a
preposition _“_ prior to”. He pointed out there was no object against which
the plaintiff might claim. Both Mr Jeyaretnam and Mr Tan said the waiver
clause was necessary as the plaintiff was an “insider” being related to the
Borrower _via_ his total 75% shareholding in Sulfindo and Brenswick.

80 As for cl 7 of the Guarantee, Mr Jeyaretnam again disagreed with the
plaintiff’s interpretation. He submitted it referred to the indemnity rights
of the guarantor. After the plaintiff had discharged his obligation as
guarantor in this case, the plaintiff could look for an indemnity from others
and take security from the Borrower or from the other surety, Sulfindo. He
explained that the Lenders inserted cl 7 to overcome the problem where they
had to pursue the Borrower at the same time as the guarantor for outstanding
debts. Exercise of the rights under cl 7 was subject to controls imposed by
the Security Agent. Counsel relied on _Loy Hean Heong v NM Rothschild & Sons_
[1993] 1 SLR 332 where the same clause arose for determination.

81 On the complaint of unjust enrichment, Mr Jeyaretnam argued that meant
unjust enrichment on the part of the Borrower, not the plaintiff as guarantor.
The principle of unjust enrichment stops the release of securities to the
debtor until the guarantor has received payments he made on the debtor’s
behalf. There was no question of unjust enrichment on the part of the first
defendant as it had paid out US$12m on the Borrower’s behalf and would only
recover what they had paid out, not 100% of the value of the securities
pledged to the Lenders.

82 On the question of payment, Mr Jeyaretnam pointed out that there was a
difference between the two SWIFT messages. In relation to the Lenders and the
first defendant, it had been agreed by the Assignment that payment took place
when the MT103 message was issued. This was not the case for the MT100 message
issued on the plaintiff’s behalf. Under the terms of the Guarantee, payment to
the Lenders would only be deemed received from the plaintiff upon actual
receipt of his funds, and if received after 11.00am of a particular day, would
be treated as having been received the following day.

83 Counsel further questioned the _locus standi_ of the plaintiff. He
contended it was not for the plaintiff, but the Borrower, to raise the issue
of prior notice of the transfer, since the plaintiff was not a party to the
Facility Agreement. The Borrower had not raised this issue in the second OS.

84 A further argument from Mr Tan was that the Borrower (as well as the
plaintiff) had been in default for a long time. For the plaintiff to argue
that he should have been given reasonable notice was really a red herring as,
by September 2003, the Lenders’ relationship with the Borrower had already
terminated by reason of the latter’s default.

**The decision**

**_The Guarantee_**

85 Mr Davinder Singh had submitted that the subrogation rights of a surety are
unassailable. He cited Andrews & Millet’s _Law of Guarantees_ (3rd Ed, 2000).
An extract from the textbook (at para 11.17) was relied on; it states:

Subrogation is not a right deriving from the contract of guarantee, and the
surety does not (and cannot be expected to) “stipulate for the benefit of the
security which the principal debtor has given”. It is a right that arises out
of the relationship of surety and creditor itself. Equity intervenes to assist
the surety because, he having paid off the principal debt (or at least that
part for which he is liable as surety), it would be unconscionable for the
principal then to recover the securities from the creditor while remaining
under an obligation to indemnify the surety for the payment, and for the
creditor to throw the whole liability onto the surety by electing not to avail
himself of the security for the guaranteed debt.

86 A passage (at 188–190, section 61:51) from another textbook, Williston’s _A
Treatise on the Law of Contracts_ vol 23 (4th Ed, 2002), was relied on by the
plaintiff as to when the right of subrogation arises:

The right of subrogation is based upon principles of equity and natural
justice. … But no rule can be laid down which will determine all cases. Its
applicability is to determined from the facts and circumstances of each
particular case … Subrogation is founded on the principle that one cannot
enrich himself by getting free of debt at the expense of another, not so
fundamentally or primarily bound, by permitting him to pay the debt. The
matter is one of comparative equities, the root of the doctrine being in
justice and equity and not in contract. ... The remedy is broad enough to
include every instance in which one person, not a mere volunteer, pays a debt
for which another is primarily liable and which in equity and good conscience
should have been discharged by the latter.

87 Neither side disputed that if a surety is to be deprived of his rights in a
contract of guarantee, it has to be done in the clearest language. The Lenders
relied on a passage from _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 20 (4th Ed Reissue,
1993) at para 236 on waiver of a surety’s rights of subrogation. It states:

The rights which a guarantor possesses of standing in the creditor’s place as
regards the creditor’s securities and equities, and on the bankruptcy of the
principal debtor, may be waived by express words in the contract of guarantee
itself. It may also be impliedly waived by the guarantor’s acceptance of an
indemnity from the principal debtor in lieu of the right he would otherwise
have possessed …

whilst the plaintiff relied on a passage (at para 7.3) from McGuinness’s
textbook, _The Law of Guarantee (A Treatise on Guarantee, Indemnity and the
Standby Letter of Credit_) (Carswell Sweet & Maxwell, 1986):

[T]he rights of a surety are not founded upon contract, but arise by law and
operation of equity, and grow out of and form part of the guarantee
relationship itself. They are derived from the very nature of the liability
asumed by the surety. … Although the surety may waive the benefit of any right
to which he is entitled, in the absence of an express provision or necessary
inference to that effect in the terms in the terms of the guarantee agreement,
these rights and obligations will be seen to form part of every guarantee
relationship.

88 If there was any ambiguity in the Guarantee, the plaintiff argued it should
be resolved in the surety’s favour, relying on another passage (para 4.02)
from _Law of Guarantees_ ([85] _supra_) which states:

There is a substantial body of authority which indicates that contracts of
suretyship are to be construed in the same way as any other contract. However,
the general approach of the court seems to be that contracts of this kind must
be strictly construed so that no liability is imposed on the surety which is
not clearly and distinctly covered by the terms of the agreement. …
Accordingly, in cases of ambiguity the _contra proferentem_ rule would
normally be applied, with the usual result that the construction which is more
favourable to the surety is adopted. The justification for this approach is
that in most cases, the terms of the contract will have been drafted by the
creditor.

89 In his second affidavit, Nagata, on the third defendant’s behalf, had
deposed that the Salim group of companies had an in-house legal counsel who
had rendered a legal opinion to the Lenders to confirm enforceability of the
Guarantee on the plaintiff, Sulfindo and the Borrower. That fact, with
respect, cannot be taken to mean the plaintiff had waived his rights of
subrogation under cl 4(C) of the Guarantee.

90 Taking into consideration all the relevant principles of law cited by the
parties, I am of the view that the defendants’ interpretation of cl 4(C) of
the Guarantee is incorrect. Read with cl 7 thereof, I agree with counsel for
the plaintiff that his client’s rights of subrogation are postponed and not
waived thereunder. Clause 4(C) was inserted precisely because the plaintiff
was an “insider” in relation to the Borrower and Sulfindo. The defendants’
interpretation of cl 4(C) would make no sense of cl 7 otherwise, not to
mention it would unjustly enrich the Lenders. Having recovered their entire
outstandings from the plaintiff, the defendants’ interpretation would mean
that the defendants (whether as the original lenders or by substitution in the
case of the first defendant) would be entitled to retain the securities, to
the detriment of the plaintiff as surety. In this regard, I reject as without
basis, the first defendant’s argument that unjust enrichment in this context
is confined to the Borrower. The Lenders’ stand would also be contrary to the
legal position that a creditor who has been fully paid no longer has any
interest in the security it holds. The fact that the plaintiff is a surety of
Sulfindo, which itself is a surety of the Borrower, should not make a
difference to his rights. In this regard, I refer to another extract (at 861,
section 1270) from Williston’s _A Treatise on the Law of Contracts_ vol 10
(3rd Ed, 1967) where it is stated:

The surety of a surety is entitled to the same right of subrogation to which
the prior surety is entitled, for, as to the successive surety, the prior one
is a principal and the successive surety having paid the debt stands in the
shoes of the prior surety, and, by right of the latter, in the shoes of the
creditor.

**_The Assignment_**

91 Mr Tan had submitted that for an assignment to be effective, the law
requires compliance with s 4(8)of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”), _ie_ express notice in writing has to be given

to the debtor, trustee or other person from whom the assignor would have been
entitled to received or claim such debt or chose in action … subject to all
equities which would have been entitled to priority over the right of the
assignee under the law as it existed before 23rd July 1909 ...

That proposition of law is undoubtedly correct. However, compliance with s
4(8) of the Act is not the only legal requirement. The notice of assignment
must also be clear and unambiguous. For this proposition, I refer to the
plaintiff’s citation of an extract from _Cheshire, Fifoot & Furmston’s Law of
Contract (Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition)_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998)
where the author stated (at 861):

The one essential in all cases is that the notice should be clear and
unambiguous. It must expressly or implicitly record the fact of assignment,
and must plainly indicate to the debtor that by virtue of the assignment the
assignee is entitled to receive the money.

92 The notice must also be unconditional. The plaintiff referred to an extract
from _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (28th Ed, 1999) where the authors, in
commenting on s 136 of the UK Law of Property Act 1925 (“the LPA”), which
provision is _in pari materia_ with s 4(8) of the Act, had this to say (at
para 20-016):

Under the statute notice in writing to the debtor is necessary. It is “wrong
to suppose that a separate document purposely prepared as a notice, and
described as such, is necessary in order to satisfy the statute. The statute
only requires that information relative to the assignment shall be conveyed to
the debtor, and that it shall be conveyed in writing.” … Beyond this, however,
the statute has been strictly construed, and it has been held that the notice
must be unconditional …

A clearer statement of the law on this point can be found at _Halsbury’s Laws
of England_ vol 6 (4th Ed Reissue, 1991) at para 19 where in their commentary
on the same section of the LPA, the authors stated:

A mere statement of an intention to assign is not sufficient.

93 I must now to look at the contractual position to see whether the parties
had merely adopted or gone beyond s 4(8) of the Act and imposed more
requirements. This is where cl 26(C) of the Facility Agreement comes into
play.

94 Mr Davinder Singh had drawn the court’s attention to cl 26(C) ([71]
_supra_) which gave the Lenders (but not the Borrower) the right to transfer
the Borrower’s indebtedness “to any bank or financial institution … _provided
that prior notice has been given to the Borrower of such transfer_ ” [emphasis
added]. He contrasted this provision with the third defendant’s purported
notice as Facility Agent (as well as the common letter from the Lenders) dated
4 September 2003 ([72] _supra_) to the Borrower, where the Lenders gave prior
notice of their transfer of all outstandings to a financial institution, which
transfer was subject to certain conditions.

95 Three observations arise from a plain reading of the Notice and the
Lenders’ letter: (a) the transferee was not identified; (b) there were
conditions attached to the transfer (not particularised to date) and (c) the
actual transfer had not yet taken place. A reasonable conclusion to be drawn
therefrom, was that the Facility Agent and/or Lenders would revert to the
Borrower at a later date to advise the name of the transferee, to confirm the
conditions of transfer had been complied with, and that the transfer had been
effected. Thinking the assignment was imminent but had not taken place
(according to his counsel), the plaintiff paid US$38,915,000 on 4 September
2003 itself, for value the following day. However, it was too late by then as
can be seen from the next paragraph.

96 In para 1 of their joint Notice of Assignment dated 5 September 2003 ([17]
_supra_) addressed to and hand-delivered to the plaintiff, the Lenders had
stated:

We refer to an Assignment Agreement between the Assignors and the Assignee
dated _3 September 2003_ , pursuant to which the Assignors have assigned all
present and future rights, titles, interests, claims and entitlements under or
in respect of the Financing Agreements to the Assignee, including the
aggregate right to full payment of the entire financial obligations of PT
Satomo Indovyl Monomer under the LFA. [emphasis added]

I accept the submission of the plaintiff that the Notice of Assignment is
inconsistent with the Lenders’ letters dated 4 September 2003. To be
effective, a notice of assignment must not precede, but must come _after_ , a
notice of intention to transfer. In this regard, I reject the argument of the
first defendant that there are two routes by which the Lenders can transfer
the Borrower’s indebtedness – one by transfer and the other by assignment.
There is only one route – that provided under cl 26(C) of the Facility
Agreement – whether it is described as a transfer or an assignment.

97 The next consideration is para 3 of the Transfer Notice addressed to the
third defendant which states:

The undersigned New Lender agrees that it assumes and acquires new rights
and/or obligations in accordance with Clause 26(C) of the Agreement on and
with effect from 5th September 2003 subject only to the Facility Agent’s
having received SWIFT Message Type 100/103 confirmation from Sumitomo Mitsui
Banking Corporation Singapore Branch that the sum of US$38,912,401.26 has been
credited to the Facility Agent’s account with JPMorgan Chase Bank, New York
for value that date.

Mr Davinder Singh had criticised the Lenders’ conduct in not waiting for
confirmation of payment from the sixth defendant that US$38,912,401.26 had
been credited to the Facility Agent’s (third defendant’s) account with
JPMorgan New York.

98 The first defendant’s counsel had countered this argument with the
contention that MT100 was an old form of SWIFT message whereas MT103 was a new
form of message from one bank to another, communicating credit of a payment
which a receiving bank acts upon. He said a MT103 message would only come from
a paying, not a receiving bank. Consequently he contended, the Lenders were
entitled to accept that payment had been made by the first defendant by the
third defendant’s receipt of the sixth defendant’s MT103 message at 10.54am on
4 September 2003, in accordance with the Transfer Notice (see [37] _supra_).

99 It is noteworthy that the Lenders applied a different standard when it came
to confirmation of the plaintiff’s payment. They were not prepared to accept
at face value the MT100 message enclosed with the plaintiff’s solicitors’
letter dated 4 September 2003 to their solicitors (stating the plaintiff had
paid through Panin ([39] and [40] _supra_) US$38,915,000 for value the
following day), on the basis that the payment instructions could be revoked.
They insisted on confirmation of the remittance from JPMorgan New York, which
only came on 5 September 2003 at 9.10pm, 12 hours after the first defendant’s
payment at 9.50am. I note that according to the Lenders’ solicitors’ letter
dated 9 September 2003 to the plaintiff’s solicitors, the transfer from the
Lenders to the first defendant was completed at 12.01am on 5 September 2003.
That would have been more than nine hours _before_ the first defendant’s
payment was received.

100 Another observation I would make at this stage is that although the
defendants asserted the Borrower, and not the plaintiff, had _locus standi_ to
question the validity of the Notice of Assignment dated 5 September 2003, none
of the Lenders produced any evidence to suggest the same or a similar notice
was given to the Borrower. Consequently, there was non-compliance with cl
26(C) in any event.

101 Mr Davinder Singh had referred to the following passage (at para 228) from
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 20 ([87] _supra_) which states:

As soon as the guarantor has paid to the creditor what is due to the creditor
under the guarantee, he is entitled, unless he has waived them, to be
subrogated to all the rights possessed by the creditor in respect of the debt,
default or miscarriages to which the guarantee relates.

… [I]f the creditor assigns the guaranteed debt and the securities for the
debt, the assignment is subject to the obligation to preserve the securities
for the guarantor’s benefit.

for his argument that the first defendant as assignor took the securities of
the Borrower under the Assignment, subject to the obligation to preserve the
securities for the plaintiff’s benefit. I do not think the defendants can
challenge this statement of the law.

102 The Lenders had relied on cl 17 of the Guarantee which states:

The Guarantor shall pay on demand all costs and expenses (including legal fees
and all goods and services, value added and other duties or taxes payable on
such costs and expenses) incurred by any of the Secured Creditors in
protecting or enforcing any rights under this Guarantee.

for their contention that until and unless the plaintiff paid the legal costs
and fees, he would not be deemed to have discharged all his obligations as
guarantor, citing _Loy Hean Heong v NM Rothschild & Sons_ ([80] _supra_) in
support. However, instead of telling the plaintiff to pay a certain sum to
settle legal costs or expenses what did the first defendant do? It asked the
plaintiff’s solicitors by R&D’s letter dated 10 September 2003 ([21] _supra_)
to:

Please confirm by 5pm on Thursday 11 September 2003 that your client will pay
all such costs and expenses.

but took another 19 days to advise the plaintiff (who had inquired as to the
involvement of the first defendant in the Suit by his solicitors’ letter dated
11 September 2003) to pay the figure (US$4,030.02 or S$6,980.00) for the
Lenders’ legal fees. As the plaintiff had paid more than the sum
(US$38,912,401.26) demanded of him as surety, the balance he was required to
pay by way of legal fees was a mere US$1,431.28, as set out in R&D’s letter
dated 29 September 2003. I cannot imagine that a man who has paid
US$38,915,000 would quibble over paying US$1,431.28 by comparison. He would
have paid the legal fees promptly (albeit reserving his rights) had he been
informed of the amount by 11 or 12 September 2003.

103 There are three observations which I wish to make in connection with the
outstanding legal fees:

(a) Nagata’s explanation (in his second affidavit) that it took time to obtain
the figure from the third defendant is a lame and unacceptable excuse. The
defendants were all represented by Singapore-based law firms. Why should it
take such an inordinately long time to obtain the information requested?

(b) I believe the delay was deliberate and was coloured by the defendants’
proceedings in Indonesia ([45] _supra_) to register the Assignment (not to
mention the ongoing shareholders’ dispute between Sumitomo and Sulfindo which
is the subject of arbitration proceedings);

(c) The decision in _Loy Hean Heong_ does not support the defendants’
argument. The facts were very different. There, the plaintiff as guarantor had
paid the judgment sum and costs of the two defendants for the sums owed to the
latter by the borrower Freelin Investment Pte Ltd (“Freelin”). However, he
failed to obtain the release (proportionate to his payment) of the option
securities charged by Freelin to the defendants because the court accepted the
defendants’ contention that there was still a substantial amount owed by
Freelin to the defendants, under the facility agreement made between the
defendants and Freelin.

104 It is noteworthy that neither the defendants nor their solicitors
disclosed to the plaintiff or his solicitors the Subrogation Agreement ([45]
_supra_) between the first defendant and Sumitomo, before the document was
registered with the Land Office in Jakarta on 3 September 2003. No explanation
or credible explanation has been given by the defendants for their omission.

105 Even if the plaintiff’s remittance (according to the affidavit of the
bank’s representative, Yeo) was received by JPMorgan New York 12 hours _after_
the first defendant’s remittance on 5 September 2003, it is my view that the
Notice of Assignment of the Lenders dated 5 September 2003 is defective and
invalid. That notice referred to an “Assignment Agreement” dated 3 September
2003, on which date there was not, and could not have been, an (effective)
assignment from the Lenders to the first defendant because the letter dated 4
September 2003 from the third defendant to the Borrower giving notice of the
_intended_ transfer did not comply with cl 26(C) of the Facility Agreement,
for the reasons stated earlier (see [95]). Further, the notice was neither
clear nor unambiguous.

106 The plaintiff’s complaint that the _prior notice_ (by the Notice of 4
September 2003 ([14] _supra_)) was unreasonable under cl 26(C) of the Facility
Agreement was said by the Lenders’ solicitors to be a “red herring”, because
the plaintiff had been in default for close to nine months (since 17 January
2003) and payment from him was not expected. With respect, that excuse is
untenable. Just because a guarantor has been in default for a considerable
length of time does not mean he is not entitled to reasonable notice to afford
him an opportunity to take steps (in this case) to prevent the proposed
transfer of the Lenders from taking place.

107 I question the double standards which the Lenders adopted in relation to
payments from the plaintiff and the first defendant. On the one hand, they
would not accept evidence of the plaintiff’s remittance by the MT100 message.
On the other hand, they said evidence of receipt of the MT103 message from the
first defendant sufficed as payment. I surmise the Lenders took this
inconsistent stand to circumvent the fact that the first defendant’s
remittance was received by JPMorgan New York for value on 5 September 2003 at
01:50:28 hours GMT, _after_ the transfer from the Lenders to the first
defendant was completed, which was at 12.01am, according to the Lenders’
letter dated 9 September 2003 to the plaintiff’s solicitors. The plaintiff
should not be penalised for the fact that his remittance made through an
Indonesian bank (Panin) took longer to reach JPMorgan New York than the first
defendant’s remittance effected through the sixth defendant. He had paid on 4
September 2003 by way of the MT100 message _before_ the Lenders transferred or
assigned the outstandings to the first defendant.

108 Whilst I would not agree with the plaintiff’s assertion that there was a
conspiracy against him on the part of the defendants, the conduct of the
Lenders and Sumitomo do suggest a concerted effort on their part to thwart, if
not deny, the plaintiff his rights of subrogation, subsequent to his payment
of US$38,915,000.

109 The first defendant’s representative, Nakamura, had deposed that if the
court ruled that the Assignment is invalid, the plaintiff’s rights of
subrogation are in any case restricted to 75% as Sumitomo retains 25% interest
in the securities of the Borrower. That is correct.

110 I am of the view that the Notice of Assignment and the Assignment itself
are invalid against the plaintiff and do not operate to deprive him of his
rights of subrogation. Accordingly, I make the following orders on the first
OS (No 1368 of 2003):

(a) orders in terms are granted for prayers 1, 2, 4;

(b) an order in terms of prayer 6 is granted, subject to the transfer of
securities by the defendants to the plaintiff being proportionate to the
plaintiff’s 75% shareholdings in the Borrower;

(c) an order in terms is granted for prayer 8 and,

(d) two sets of costs to the plaintiff, against the first defendant and
separately against the second to seventh defendants.

111 For the second OS (No 1566 of 2003), I grant orders in terms of prayers 1
and 2 (subject again to the 75% limit as in order (b) for the first OS) and
costs.

112 For both applications, the parties are given liberty to apply generally
should there be a need.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

