Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Indra Krishnan  
[2004] SGCA 55

Case Number | : | CA 40/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; MPH Rubin J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Davinder Singh SC and Hri Kumar (Drew and Napier LLC) for the respondent; Ashok Kumar and Foo Hsiang Ming (Allen and Gledhill) for the first and eleventh creditors; Sarjit Singh (Official Assignee), Chan Wang Ho and Moey Weng Foo (Insolvency and Public Trustee's Office) for the Official Assignee   
Parties | : |  Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin — Indra Krishnan   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities – Bankrupt's
duty to disclose all assets – Bankrupt's duty to co-operate with Official
Assignee – Section 129 Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Bankruptcy effects – Creditors and Official
Assignee opposing bankrupt's application for discharge from bankruptcy –
Administration of bankrupt's estate incomplete – Whether court should exercise
discretion to grant discharge – Section 124 Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev
Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Bankruptcy effects – Creditors and Official
Assignee opposing bankrupt's application for discharge from bankruptcy –
Bankrupt's dishonesty and lack of co-operation with Official Assignee
considered – Whether court should grant bankrupt conditional discharge  
  

25 November 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court in _Re Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin, ex parte Indra Krishnan (No 2)_ [2004] 3 SLR 133 refusing the
appellant’s application for his discharge from bankruptcy. The matter first
came before the assistant registrar who denied his request and it went on
appeal to a judge in chambers. Having failed before Choo Han Teck J, the
application is now before this court. We heard the parties on 26 October 2004
and this is our reserved judgment.

**The background**

2 The appellant was adjudicated a bankrupt on 19 January 2001. Before the
bankruptcy order was made, he was allowed by his petitioning creditors to pay
his debts by instalments. As he had failed to keep up with his promise to pay
by instalments, the creditors proceeded with the bankruptcy petition.

3 Fifteen creditors have filed proofs of debts against the appellant which in
total came up to $618,205.51. Most of these debts arose from damages awarded
against him in three libel suits brought by the creditors.

4 In January 2004, about three years after the making of the bankruptcy order,
the appellant informed the Official Assignee (“OA”) that he proposed to apply
to court for a discharge from bankruptcy as he intended to make a composition
offer of 20% of his proved debts to his creditors. The OA informed the
appellant that in view of certain ongoing suits in which the appellant was
involved in Singapore, as well as an action in Malaysia relating to a property
in Johor which was in the name of his late sister, and as his assets had not
been fully realised, the OA could not support his application for a discharge.
Notwithstanding this negative intimation, the appellant proceeded to file an
application for his discharge.

5 Having failed before the assistant registrar, the appellant raised his
composition to 25% when the matter came before the High Court. At the hearing,
the appellant also made the assertion that the creditors were not really
serious in wanting to recover the debts owed to them and that their real
reason for opposing his discharge was political, which was to prevent him from
taking part in Parliamentary elections. A bankrupt is not qualified to run for
election. Choo J refused the appellant a discharge on the following grounds:

(a) The administration of the appellant’s estate had not yet been completed;

(b) In view of the appellant’s claim to his late sister’s property in Johor,
it would not be fair to the creditors if the bankruptcy order was to be so
discharged;

(c) In the circumstances and bearing in mind that only three years had elapsed
since the making of the bankruptcy order, to discharge the order at this time
would be premature.

**Issues on appeal**

6 Before us, the bulk of the arguments by the appellant, who appeared in
person, centred on his contention that the eight creditors who petitioned for
his bankruptcy, as well as other creditors, were resisting his present
application for a discharge on political grounds and that they had an agenda
which was outside the scope of these proceedings. Having regard to the offer
which he had made, the appellant argued that the court should, in the exercise
of its discretion, grant the discharge as under his offer, each creditor would
be paid a reasonable proportion of the debt owed by the appellant to that
creditor. There would be no advantage to the creditors in making the appellant
wait any more for his discharge. Moreover, he was now prepared to enhance his
offer from a quarter to one-third of the proved debts. He told this court that
funds to meet this offer would come from relatives and friends who would be
helping him to gain his discharge.

**_Statutory regime for discharge_**

7 It is clear to us that the main reason why Choo J refused the application
was because the administration of the bankrupt’s estate had not yet been
completed. This was also the basis upon which the OA was unable to support the
application for a discharge, besides the fact that the appellant has been most
uncooperative. The appellant has not challenged the fact that the
administration of his affairs is not yet completed. What the appellant seems
to be suggesting is that, notwithstanding the state of the administration, as
he has made a reasonable offer to pay a part of the proved debts, that _per
se_ should be a sufficient ground to grant him a discharge. Moreover, the
creditors have a political agenda in opposing his application.

8 The statutory provisions which govern the discharge of a bankrupt are
contained in s 124 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).
Subsection (1) provides that an application for a discharge may be made “at
any time”. Subsection (2) provides that before making an order of discharge,
the court should hear the OA and the creditors. Subsection (3) reads:

Subject to subsection (4) on an application under this section, the court may
—

(a) refuse to discharge the bankrupt from bankruptcy;

(b) make an order discharging him absolutely; or

(c) make an order discharging him subject to such conditions as it thinks fit
to impose, including conditions with respect to —

(i) any income which may be subsequently

due to him; or

(ii) any property devolving upon him, or acquired by him, after his discharge,

as may be specified in the order.

Subsection (4) reads:

Where the bankrupt has committed an offence under this Act … or upon proof of
any of the facts mentioned in subsection (5), the court shall —

(a) refuse to discharge the bankrupt from bankruptcy;

(b) make an order discharging him subject to his paying a dividend to his
creditors of not less than 25% or to the payment of any income which may be
subsequently due to him or with respect to property devolving upon him, or
acquired by him, after his discharge, as may be specified in the order and to
such other conditions as the court may think fit to impose; or

(c) if it is satisfied that the bankrupt is unable to fulfil any condition
specified in paragraph (b) and if it thinks fit, make an order discharging the
bankrupt subject to such conditions as the court may think fit to impose.

9 It is clear that under the regime as set out in s 124, it is entirely a
matter for the court, in the exercise of its discretion, no doubt to be
exercised judicially, and taking into account all the circumstances of the
case, whether to make an order of discharge. While subsection (3) is subject
to subsection (4), it is clear that the court may still refuse a discharge
where subsection (4) does not apply. Where the factors mentioned in
subsections (4) and (5) come into play, the court is prevented from granting
an absolute discharge.

10 A local case which dealt extensively with the question of the exercise of
such a discretion is _Re Siah Ooi Choe_ [1998] 1 SLR 903. In that case, Siah,
an entrepreneur and a self-made man of a large group of companies, fell into
difficult times during the economic crisis which confronted Singapore in
1985–1986. The banks and financial institutions came down on him as he had
given personal guarantees for the loans offered to his companies. His empire
collapsed and he was made a bankrupt in September 1986, with proofs of debts
amounting to some $125m. From January 1992, he began working as a business
consultant earning $3,200 a month and made contributions to his bankrupt
estate account. More than ten years later, he applied to have his bankruptcy
discharged. Nine of the creditors, representing about half of the total
indebtedness, objected to his application. The High Court upheld the assistant
registrar’s decision to grant Siah a discharge from bankruptcy. Warren L H
Khoo J, in reviewing the objects of the statutory provisions, identified two
major conflicting concerns that were embodied in s 124. On the one hand,
businessmen who became insolvent through being caught at the wrong turning of
the economic cycle should be given a second chance in life. On the other hand,
the provisions should not be allowed to be used by dishonest individuals who
would get an undeserved advantage, to the detriment of their creditors, from
their own wrongdoings. In exercising his discretion in favour of the applicant
there, the judge had regard to the following:

(a) Siah had been in bankruptcy for more than ten years;

(b) he had co-operated fully with the OA;

(c) he had conducted himself in an exemplary manner and had paid a respectable
amount every month from his small income to the estate account; and

(d) he had agreed to sell off his only asset, an Housng and Development Board
flat, and pay the net proceeds to the OA.

11 Khoo J also noted at [17] that “except in very exceptional circumstances,
the minimum waiting time for s 124 cases should be at least similar to that
for s 125 cases” and that it should probably be longer. A s 125 discharge,
which is by a certificate of the OA, involves an estate where the total debts
proved do not exceed $500,000 and a period of three years has elapsed since
the making of the bankruptcy order.

**_Political purpose_**

12 Before we move on to consider the substantive points raised by the OA to
oppose the appellant’s discharge at this stage, we would like to briefly
address the contention of the appellant that the creditors opposed his
discharge because they have a political agenda, a purpose which would amount
to an abuse of the court’s process. We would reiterate that in considering the
question as to whether a bankruptcy order should be discharged, the court
should be guided by the letter and the spirit of the law. Indeed, that was
precisely the way the judge below dealt with this point at [4]:

The appellant charged that the creditors’ only reason for objecting to his
application was a political one, namely to prevent his return to Parliament.
In reply, Mr Davinder Singh disagreed and contended that it was the dishonesty
of the appellant that required his application to be dismissed. The appellant
submitted that had this application been made by anyone else it would not have
been objected to by the creditors or the OA. That is a hypothetical point
which I take the appellant to have made for purposes of emphasis only. But, in
determining the merits of this appeal, the court will have to make its
decision as if the appellant had been anybody else, and _vice versa_ , as if
the creditors had been some other creditors.

13 The cases cited by the appellant in this regard, namely, _In re Majory, A
Debtor_ [1955] Ch 600, _Re Laserworks Computer Services Inc_ (1998) 78 ACWS
(3d) 19, _In re Davies_ (1876) 3 Ch D 461 and _In re Adams_ (1879) 12 Ch D
480, are all cases where the issue was whether the grant of a bankruptcy
petition would be an abuse of process, which is not the question here. The
principle established in these cases is not in dispute and to the extent that
an abuse of process would be a ground to refuse the making of a bankruptcy
order, it must follow that if a creditor’s objection to a discharge is based
on a ground which constitutes an abuse of process, the court should have no
regard whatsoever to that objection. From the passage of the judge below which
we have just quoted, it is clear that he totally disregarded the irrelevant
extraneous factors. He had regard only to the objective facts in coming to his
determination. This is the area to which we now turn.

**Our consideration**

14 In relation to the present application, the OA listed the following three
circumstances as being germane:

(a) whether the administration of the bankrupt’s affairs by the OA is complete
and whether the bankrupt’s discharge will prejudice the administration of his
estate;

(b) whether the bankrupt is able to make a significant contribution to his
estate; and

(c) whether the bankrupt has co-operated with the OA in the administration of
his estate and whether there are any matters arising out of his conduct which
are still being investigated by the OA.

15 We will first look at the state of the administration of the appellant’s
estate. According to the report of the OA, the appellant is staking a claim to
a property owned by his late sister, Emily Thanapakian (“Emily”) at No 50A,
Jalan Abdul Samad, 801000 Johor Baru (“the JB property”). Emily passed away on
2 September 1997. The appellant is also involved in two legal actions in
Singapore where he claims for sums due to him from third parties and those two
actions are still pending.

16 The appellant did not inform the OA of his interest in Emily’s estate or
his claim on the JB property. The OA’s knowledge of this came about from
information received by the OA from others. Indeed, after Emily’s death, the
appellant, through his Malaysian lawyers, filed a petition for letters of
administration to the estate of Emily to be granted to him. In the petition,
the JB property was referred to as a part of Emily’s estate. Later, the
appellant amended his petition to exclude the JB property from Emily’s estate
on the ground that although the property was in Emily’s name, she was actually
holding it in trust for the appellant. In May 2001, the appellant was granted
letters of administration to Emily’s estate based on the amended petition.

17 In July 2001, the OA instructed Malaysian solicitors to lodge a caveat
against the JB property on his behalf. In December 2001, one Robert Henry
(“Robert”), a nephew of the appellant, and a son of Emily, wrote through his
solicitors to inform the OA that he would be instituting an action to
determine the interest of the various beneficiaries to the JB property.

18 Notwithstanding the claim to the JB property made by Robert, the appellant
stated in his affidavit of 20 April 2004 that no proceedings had yet been
instituted. The appellant also alleged that even if proceedings were
commenced, the Malaysian courts would “take a very long time” to conclude the
proceedings.

19 In the light of the foregoing, it is beyond dispute that the administration
of the appellant’s estate is far from complete. The JB property was estimated,
as at 31 July 2004, to have a value of RM750,000 (approximately S$328,000).

20 If the JB property is eventually ruled by the Malaysian courts as belonging
beneficially to the appellant, then that will certainly contribute
significantly towards the estate. In this eventuality, the creditors would not
only be able to get repayment of just one quarter or one-third, but more than
half of the debts owing to them.

21 In his statement of affairs, filed on 3 April 2001, which was subsequently
amended thrice, the appellant did not once mention his interest in the JB
property. Instead, in the present proceedings, he sought to put the blame for
the non-disclosure on the OA. Like the OA, we do not see how the OA can be
faulted for this when it is clearly the obligation of a bankrupt to disclose
all his assets: see s 129 of the Act. The OA also pointed out that even when
the appellant filed the present application for a discharge, he did not come
clean. He stated in his affidavit that:

I have, in my statement of affairs lodged with the Official Assignee disclosed
that I have no assets from which payment of the debts can be realised.

22 The OA also referred to a specific incident to show how the appellant not
only refused to assist the OA in getting in the assets, but deliberately took
a position to make it difficult for the OA to get assets due to the appellant.
Upon learning that the appellant was entitled to RM9,275.33 from Emily’s
estate, and that the money was available for distribution, the appellant’s
Malaysian solicitors refused to forward the same to the OA and instead
required the OA to get an order from the Malaysian courts pursuant to s 104 of
the Malaysian Bankruptcy Act. The appellant could have just handed the money
over to the OA, or instructed his Malaysian solicitors to do so, without
requiring the additional formality, which would mean incurring further legal
costs. After all, the sum in question was small.

23 The OA appeared in person before us at the hearing of this appeal. He did
not mince his words when he said that this was one of the “most dishonest
bankrupt” he had encountered. It was clear that the appellant extended no  
co-operation to the OA.

24 The OA, moreover, pointed out that by the appellant’s persistent non-
cooperation and non-disclosure, the appellant has probably committed an
offence under ss 134 and 135 of the Act. In addition, his non-disclosure is a
material omission relating to his affairs, a breach of s 137(a) of the Act.

25 The crux of the appellant’s case in this appeal is that the creditors would
not agree to his discharge because of political reasons. He failed to address
the specific grounds set out by the OA as to why a discharge at this time
would not be appropriate. As can be seen from the statutory provisions cited
above, a bankrupt is not entitled to demand his discharge just because a
period of time has elapsed since he was made a bankrupt or he has made an
offer to pay a portion of the proved debts. The court must consider all the
circumstances, including the conduct of the bankrupt and the state of the
administration of the estate, to determine whether it is just to order his
discharge from bankruptcy. In this exercise, the court should not only take
into account the interests of the bankrupt but also those of his creditors. We
do not for a moment say that there can be no discharge unless administration
is completed. But completion of administration of the bankrupt’s estate is
certainly an important factor. Here, we would refer to _Totterdell v Nelson_
(1990) 97 ALR 341 where Morling J (at 344) quoted with approval a passage from
an unreported decision of Burchett J of the Federal Court of Australia dated
27 June 1986 in _Re Weiss; Ex parte Official Trustee in Bankruptcy_ , as
follows:

There may be cases where it would be unfair to a bankrupt to delay his
discharge by reason of an incomplete investigation, lethargically pursued, to
the torpor of which he has not contributed. But no such unfairness may appear
where there has been concealment or lack of cooperation on his own part.

26 Given the appellant’s lack of co-operation thus far, the OA’s expression of
concern, that he might not receive any co-operation or assistance from the
appellant, if the latter were to be discharged from that state, is not without
some valid foundation. The appellant claimed that he had paid for the JB
property and that was the basis of his claim as the beneficial owner thereof.
His assistance is vital to establishing that claim. Section 152 of the Act and
s 104 of the Malaysian Bankruptcy Act provide for the reciprocal recognition
of OAs of both countries. The Malaysian section also recognises the title of
the Singapore OA in relation to a property, situated in Malaysia, belonging to
a bankrupt of Singapore. If the appellant here were to be discharged from
bankruptcy, even subject to conditions, there may be difficulties in the OA
pursuing the appellant’s claim to the JB property.

27 All said, the appellant’s main concern is that the Malaysian proceedings
will take some time to come to a conclusion and that will delay his discharge.
We are unable to see how this can be a good ground for a discharge when the
administration is clearly incomplete and only three years have elapsed since
the making of the order. The following comment of the OA is entirely apt:

The getting in, administration and distribution of a bankrupt’s estate is
often a long and intricate task and the task of administration and realisation
is made more difficult and protracted where realisation of assets as in this
case are overseas involving complex cross-border issues and litigation.

28 Here, as the OA so very strongly pointed out, the appellant has not been
co-operative. Under the law, he is obliged to disclose and assist the OA in
collating his assets and realising them. A bankrupt seeking discharge from
bankruptcy is expected to give up everything that he has. This point was
clearly enunciated by Vaughan Williams LJ in _In re Gaskell_ [1904] 2 KB 478
at 482 as follows:

[T]he overriding intention of the Legislature in all Bankruptcy Acts is that
the debtor on giving up the whole of his property shall be a free man again,
able to earn his livelihood, and having the ordinary inducements to industry.

The OA quite clearly stated in his report that “there are still substantial
and material work to be completed in the administration of the bankrupt’s
estate”.

29 It seems to us clear that the appellant’s only purpose in seeking an early
discharge is so that he can contest the next Parliamentary elections. But he
has failed to adequately address the grounds upon which the OA does not
support his application. Instead, he has expressed his displeasure with the
OA’s administration of his estate. He said that although the OA has known of
the appellant’s claim to the JB property since 2001, he has not taken any
action to administer the property in the past three years. As we have already
pointed out, the appellant’s full co-operation is necessary before the OA can
properly carry out his job of administration. Since the appellant claims that
he paid for the JB property, the OA can only make the claim on the appellant’s
behalf if the appellant provides him with the full facts and all necessary
documentary evidence.

30 Having regard to all that has been alluded to before, it is really early
days to talk of a discharge. We will also note that the appellant does not
help himself by the stance he has taken, consisting of non-cooperation and
concealment. In this connection, we are reminded of the words of Lockhart J of
the Federal Court of Australia in _Re Harding_ (1981) 57 FLR 320 at 337:

[T]he bankrupt’s conduct, in particular since his bankruptcy, has been such
that before he can obtain a discharge, he must show that he is worthy of it.
He must make amends by doing what he can to help his creditors. He has the
capacity to do so. Doubtless this will mean that he should conduct his affairs
in the future so as to make available some of his real income to his
creditors. … [H]e must demonstrate before he seeks a discharge again that he
has acted reasonably to assist his creditors.

31 There is hardly any basis for us to differ from the judge below when the
latter pointed out that the OA is in the best position to monitor the
situation and assess the amount which can be paid out to the appellant’s
creditors. This was an exercise of a discretion which an appellate court
should not interfere with unless the court below had misdirected itself on the
law or taken into account irrelevant matters or failed to take into account
relevant matters or had come to a conclusion which was plainly wrong: see _Re
Reed_ [1979] 2 All ER 22 at 25 _per_ Goulding J and _The Vishva Apurva_ [1992]
2 SLR 175.

32 Finally, we ought to refer to one other factor which the appellant has
raised, which is his age. He is now 79 years old. In _Re Mallan_ (1975) 6 ALR
161, where the person became a bankrupt because of his improper business
practices, and was a bankrupt for ten years, the court took into account his
age, which was 75, in granting a discharge on the condition that he did not
return to business. From the case report it did not appear that the
administration of the bankrupt’s estate was incomplete. We recognise that age
is a factor, but it is no more than a factor which ought to be weighed with
the other factors, including the opposing factors, to see where the balance
lies. The judge below did take the age of the appellant into account.

**Conditional discharge**

33 In the alternative, the appellant asked for a conditional discharge. He has
also asked rhetorically that if an offer to pay one-third of the debts was not
good enough, how much would suffice. We have set out above what stood in the
way of the appellant’s application. A conditional discharge would have to be
premised on the appellant’s good faith in fulfilling the condition imposed. In
view of the appellant’s conduct thus far, it is perhaps not difficult to
understand why the creditors and the OA do not think that the circumstances
warrant even a conditional discharge. He must help himself in order that
others, including the court, can help him. Having regard to the state of
affairs, a discharge at this time, whether absolute or conditional, would be
unwarranted and premature.

34 The appellant claimed to be entitled to the JB property. If the equivalent
value of the property could be brought into the bankruptcy estate, through
perhaps the help of relatives or friends (see [6] above), that would go a long
way toward overcoming a major obstacle. It would also assist the appellant’s
case if he would give an undertaking (which he has through his solicitors
indicated that he would) to turn over to the OA all sums received from the
defendants in the two legal actions he has commenced in Singapore, should
judgment be given in his favour.

**Conclusion**

35 In the premises, there is no basis for us to overturn the decision of the
court below. The judge had not erred on a matter of principle and neither had
he taken into account irrelevant considerations or failed to take into account
relevant considerations. His decision is amply justified. Accordingly, this
appeal is dismissed with costs, with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

