Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lo Lee Len v Grand Interior Renovation Works Pte Ltd and Others  
[2004] SGHC 22

Case Number | : | MC Suit 13596/2002/S, RAS 21/2003/T  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quentin Loh SC (Rajah and Tann), Savliwala Din and Gerald Martin Wee (Bogaars and Din) for appellants; Madan Assomull, Rathna Nathan and Andrew Goh (Assomull and Partners) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lo Lee Len — Grand Interior Renovation Works Pte Ltd; Yim Khee Meng; A N S Plumbing and Sanitary Pte Ltd; Chew Kiat Keong   
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Rule against double recovery – Gratuitous
collateral benefits – Res inter alios acta principle – Whether gratuitous
collateral benefits deductible  
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Rule against double recovery – Whether award of
damages offended rule  
  

10 February 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The respondent’s motor vehicle was damaged in a road accident as a result of
the appellants’ negligence. Judgment in default was entered against the four
appellants. The deputy registrar assessed damages at $450 as being the policy
excess and a further sum of $600 for loss of use of the respondent’s car for
the time the car was in the workshop for repairs. On appeal, the district
judge on 5 June 2003 affirmed the decision of the deputy registrar.

2 On the back of the district judge’s ruling that the two items of claim are
personal claims as distinct from claims brought by NTUC Insurance Co-operative
Limited (“NTUC Income”) in exercise of subrogation rights, the appellants
appealed against the award of damages on the ground that the respondent had
suffered no recoverable loss. The appellants stress that damages are
compensatory and a plaintiff who has suffered no loss cannot recover damages.
It is argued that the respondent had received from his insurers collateral
benefits which meet the same loss as the award of damages. Those collateral
benefits are outside the two established exceptions to the rule against double
recovery and they have to be taken into account to diminish any damages
recoverable. A failure to account would offend the principle against double
recovery.

3 The respondent and NTUC Income entered into a quality cover in respect of
the respondent’s motor vehicle, registration number SCE 5392Z. The contract
was formed by the insurer’s acceptance of a proposal form duly completed by
the respondent on 12 August 2000. The contract is contained in the policy, the
schedule thereto and endorsement M4. The policy was renewed and still on foot
on 7 December 2001. On that date, the respondent’s motor vehicle was involved
in a road accident with two other vehicles. Zurich Insurance (S) Pte Ltd
(“Zurich”) is the insurer of vehicles GT 4787Z and YK 6829H owned by the first
and third appellants respectively. The drivers of the two vehicles were the
second and fourth appellants. Although the parties to the proceedings are the
owners and drivers of the vehicles involved in the road accident, counsel on
both sides informed the court that insurers are behind the respective parties
named in the action.

4 The unchallenged evidence of the respondent is that he did not make a claim
under his policy. After the accident, the respondent had signed a form to make
a claim against the third party and had left it to his insurers to handle the
matter. I find the respondent’s unchallenged evidence plausible. His car was
damaged from behind and understandably he regarded himself as not being at
fault and would not wish to compromise his No Claim Discount (“NCD”). A claim
on the third party would leave his NCD intact. Section 3 of NTUC Income’s Key
Information for Motor Policyholders of 1 October 2001 reads as follows:

3\. _Advice on Third Party Claims_

If you are involved in an accident where the third party is at fault, there is
no need for you to make your own claim against the third party for your loss.

Send your car to any of our _Quality Workshops_ , we will provide you with the
use of a courtesy car from the 2nd working day or $50 daily transport
allowance.

Your No Claim Discount (NCD) will be protected if you are not at fault.

5 Section 2 of NTUC Income’s Key Information relates to the policyholder’s own
damage claim. If a claim is made by the respondent on his own policy, the NCD
would be reduced or withdrawn.

6 The respondent arranged for his damaged car to be repaired by a “Quality
Workshop”. In return, he was given, in lieu of a courtesy car, a taxi
allowance of $50 daily on the terms of NTUC Income Agreement no A12451. The
terms there were largely about the use of the courtesy car and the insured’s
responsibility for it. However, section B is relevant to the taxi allowance.
Section B reads:

Policyholder further agrees and undertakes … [to] account and pay to NTUC
Income any sum or sums of money which Policyholder may receive … pursuant to
any award or judgment in respect of any costs, expenses or fees including
interest incurred or suffered by Policyholder for any loss of use including
any administrative charges arising from the said tort.

7 The upshot of my analysis of the evidence is that I am not required to
consider at any length the earlier arguments as to whether the policy was by
its terms a non-excess policy. The payment of $600 came about pursuant to s 3
of the Key Information and NTUC Income Agreement no A12451. It was not made
pursuant to a term contained in endorsement M4. I was mindful that the
arguments canvassed below by both parties and before me on 6 November 2003
were premised upon a claim having been made under the NTUC Income policy. I
therefore gave leave to the parties to tender their further written
submissions, which they did, on 3 February 2004.

8 The position taken by counsel for the appellants, Mr Quentin Loh SC, in the
further written submissions is that s 3 of the Key Information and the
respondent’s evidence that he was making a third party claim would not
adversely affect the arguments counsel made on 6 November 2003. He maintains
that the claims for excess and loss of use were personal claims. The payments
of excess and loss of use by NTUC Income were voluntary, as they were not paid
under the policy. The payment of $600 transport allowance was made under the
NTUC Income Agreement no A12451. The payments also fell outside the two
established exceptions to the rule against double recovery. Moreover, as they
were not insurance payments, no right of subrogation accrued.

9 Counsel for the respondent, Mr Madan Assomull, maintains that the claims
were made under the policy. Even if they were not, they are recoverable since
the payments were _res inter alios acta_. There was no danger of double
recovery and, in any event, the payments come within the exceptions to the
rule against double recovery.

10 Having considered the further written submissions, I remain of the view
that the respondent’s evidence is on the balance of probabilities the correct
version. His affidavit evidence that he sent his damaged vehicle to NTUC
Income’s quality workshop pursuant to endorsement M4 cannot be right in the
light of other countervailing evidence. The fact that the words “own damage”
were indicated on the survey report is not conclusive one way or the other.
Neither would the use of the word “excess” in the proceedings nor any
misunderstanding on the part of NTUC Income in construing the respondent’s
instructions make a difference to his original instructions. The evidence is
that the respondent had submitted a form to make a claim against the third
party and his instruction had not changed. His intention all along was to
claim against the third party. How NTUC Income handled the damage claim would
be of no concern to him so long as the outcome was consistent with the
respondent not being the driver at fault and his NCD was not affected.

11 What is in issue is the receipt by the respondent of benefits and money
that apparently have the effect of compensating the pecuniary loss the
respondent has sustained. The question that has to be decided in this case is
this: Could the respondent recover from the appellants part of the repair cost
in the sum of $450 even though he himself had not paid out that sum? Secondly,
could the respondent recover the taxi allowance in the sum of $600 paid to him
under NTUC Income Agreement no A12451?

12 The object of an award of damages is to place the injured party as nearly
as possible in the same financial position as he would have been in but for
the accident. The basic rule is that the respondent cannot recover more by way
of damages than the amount of his actual loss. If a collateral benefit
compensates for the same loss, it must be taken into account in determining
the actual level of compensation required through an award of damages. The
consideration here is about the deduction of compensating advantages or
benefits which a plaintiff enjoyed as a result of the breach. It is not about
mitigation which is to relieve the defendant from liability for those
consequences which the plaintiff avoided or might reasonably have avoided.
Beazley JA in _Anthanasopoulos v Moseley_ (2001) 52 NSWLR 262 said at 269,
[40]: “Mitigation, of its very nature, is not a matter which goes either to
the question of entitlement to damages, which is the matter in issue here, or
to extinguishment of loss.” There are two well-established exceptions to this
general rule of deduction. Insurance payments and charitable gifts are deemed
non-deductible. I shall consider in this appeal whether on the facts of this
case, the respondent would be overcompensated by an award of damages and
whether the categories of exceptions to the principle against double recovery
are closed.

13 It is common ground that NTUC Income paid the entire cost of the repairs in
the sum of $1,792.20 and a sum of $600 to the respondent for the loss of use
of his vehicle. From 8 to 19 December 2001, the respondent’s vehicle was in
the workshop and NTUC Income paid him a daily taxi allowance of $50. The
respondent had demonstrated that he had incurred taxi fare for the days his
vehicle was in the workshop. Each of the witnesses from Zurich and NTUC Income
testified that $50 a day was a reasonable figure for taxi allowance. The
respondent had testified to spending that amount on transport. In any event,
the appellants here are not seriously disputing the finding of the district
judge on quantum. The appeal is on whether having been paid $600, the
respondent has suffered any loss.

14 It is of no relevance and consequence that NTUC Income, on behalf of the
respondent, sued for $450 and not the entire repair cost. The explanation
offered by Mr Loh is that under the knock-for-knock agreement, each insurer
bears its insured’s repair cost except for the excess. In the present case,
the knock-for-knock agreement between NTUC Income and Zurich was not pleaded
as the parties considered it irrelevant to the determination of this case.
Suffice it to say, the respondent’s entitlement to pursue his legal remedies
is unaffected by whatever the arrangement might have been between the
respective insurers. See _Hobbs v Marlowe_ [1977] 2 All ER 241which affirmed
_Morley v Moore_ [1936] 2 KB 359. The underlying basis of the claim would be
the same even though the quantum of claim was limited to a lesser sum of
$1,050. It is the respondent’s own cause of action, not that of the insurer
that he had sued on.

15 In this case, the respondent had authorised his insurer to take proceedings
to recover damages from the appellants. The respondent has also acknowledged
that he is obliged to reimburse NTUC Income to the extent of his successful
recovery of the moneys from the appellants. The fact that the respondent did
not pay for the repairs upfront is not determinative. There is no suggestion
that the outlay by NTUC Income was unlawful. For the repair expenses advanced
by NTUC Income, the respondent agreed that he is at least liable to repay NTUC
Income $450 of the repair bill. There is also section B of the NTUC Income
Agreement no A12451 which I have earlier set out in full. The fact remains
that the respondent has to account to NTUC Income for the damages he receives
under the judgment. In such a situation, an award of damages for loss of use
and the excess would not represent a windfall or unjust benefit since the
respondent is under a legal obligation to pay it over to NTUC Income. As there
is no danger of overcompensating the respondent, the principle of double
recovery is thus not offended. On the evidence, there is no question of the
respondent recovering his loss twice over.

16 The rationale for that conclusion is succinctly explained by Diplock LJ in
_Browning v The War Office_ [1963] 1 QB 750 at 770:

Cases where the plaintiff has been advanced moneys to meet expenses occasioned
by the accident by a third party upon his undertaking to repay the sums
advanced, either absolutely or conditionally upon his recovering them from the
defendant, raise no problem. The loss he has sustained remains the same
irrespective of whether he has actually paid the expenses from his own pocket
or converted them into a liability to a third party.

17 In _Harlow & Jones, Ltd v Panex (International), Ltd_ [1967] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
509, Roskill J had to consider whether the seller could claim storage charges
where there was an agreement between the sellers and suppliers that the
suppliers would only claim against the sellers if the latter could reclaim
against the buyers. Roskill J saw nothing legally wrong with such a commercial
arrangement nor did he see that it gave rise to a defence to the buyer that it
would not otherwise possess.

18 The _dicta_ of Diplock LJ and Roskill J were adopted by Steyn J in _Cosemar
SA v Marimarna Shipping Co Ltd_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 323. In that case,
shipowners agreed to repay voyage expenses paid by the cargo owners to the
extent that they were recovered by the shipowners from the charterers in
London arbitration. The shipowners there said that the agreement with cargo
owners was _res inter alios acta_ and charterers could not use that as an
excuse not to pay the voyage expenses. Steyn J agreed with the shipowners. He
held at 328 that:

The third party’s funding … of the [voyage] expenses is irrelevant in law ...
to the recoverability by the owners of sums which the time charterers ought to
have paid.

19 Mr Loh urged me not to follow these authorities which predated _Dimond v
Lovell_ [2002] 1 AC 384 and the narrower approach adopted by the House of
Lords to the _res inter alios acta_ principle. I am unable to agree with
counsel that the authorities are no longer good law. In those cases, there was
no suggestion that the advance or arrangement was unlawful so much so that the
third party would remain out of pocket with the attendant result that the
claimant would recover twice for the same loss. Reimbursement was expected if
certain agreed events occurred. _Dimond v Lovell_ is distinguishable on the
facts. When it transpired that the hire contract was unenforceable and that
the plaintiff had no obligation to pay the cost of hire, this head of damages
was refused. The loss complained of had been avoided. It was avoided because
of the illegality of the hire agreement under which the alleged losses (hire
charges) were incurred; not the application of the _res inter alios_ _acta_
rule. The narrow approach of the House to the _res inter alios acta_ principle
was the product of the illegality issue the Law Lords were confronted with. I
shall say more about that later on.

20 In _Giles v Thompson_ [1994] 1 AC 142, the plaintiff’s car had been damaged
and she obtained a replacement hire car. Under the hire agreement, the
plaintiff was not required to pay the hire charges until such time as damages
had been recovered from the party at fault. It was a term of the hiring
agreement that the plaintiff would permit the hiring company’s solicitors to
conduct the litigation against the party at fault. The issue there was whether
the hiring agreement was champertous and therefore unlawful. The hiring
agreement was found not to be champertous. Lord Mustill, with whom the other
Law Lords agreed, dealt with the question whether, given the terms of the
hiring agreement, the plaintiff had suffered any loss for which she could
recover. Lord Mustill held that there was a real loss to the motorist. There
was a real liability for which the plaintiff was responsible under the hiring
agreement, although suspended pending recovery from the party at fault.

21 The appellants say the payments for excess and loss of use were gratuitous.
Moreover, they are collateral benefits that are outside the two recognised
exceptions and therefore should be taken into account to deduct damages
recoverable. The appellants relied on _Dimond v Lovell_ for the proposition
that the law only recognised two exceptions to the principle as to
deductibility.

22 Having reached the conclusion that the respondent would not be
overcompensated by the award of damages, the issue of gratuitous benefits does
not arise for determination in the present case. However, in the event a
different view is taken on the conclusion that I have reached, I shall say
something about the appellants’ submission on gratuitous payments in the light
of the various authorities brought to my attention by Mr Loh. In the final
analysis, even with this factual difference, the outcome is the same.

23 There are two cases where the benefits were provided gratuitously by a
third party. In _Anthanasopoulos v Moseley_ , the use of the substitute car
was for free. In _Burdis v Livsey_ [2003] QB 36, repairs were carried out free
of charge. I would state that there is no relevant distinction between a
financial benefit and a benefit in the form of a replacement vehicle.

24 The question of a free substitute car that was mentioned in passing by Lord
Mustill in _Giles v Thompson_ was the very matter in issue in _Anthanasopoulos
v Moseley_. Lord Mustill, after coming to the conclusion reached by him, said
at 166:

I find it unnecessary to discuss the question, by no means easy, what the
position would have been if the use of the substitute car really had been
free; as for example, if it had been lent by a kindly friend. To so do would
require a reconciliation of cases such as _Harlow & Jones Ltd v Panex
(International) Ltd_ …, _Donnelly v Joyce_ …, _McAll v Brooks_ …and _Cosemar
SA v Marimarna Shipping Co Ltd_ …

25 In _Anthanasopoulos v Moseley_ , the New South Wales Court of Appeal held
that injury to property, which deprives a party of the use of non-income
earning chattel, is compensable following the line of authority starting with
_The Greta Holme_ [1897] AC 596. It was irrelevant that a third party (in that
case, Hertz Australia Pty Ltd) gratuitously provided a replacement car for the
damaged vehicle, the principle _res inter alios acta_ duly applying in those
circumstances. That case was fought on the basis of free rental of a car where
the insured was not at fault. Excluded from the insured’s cover was the cost
of hiring a vehicle whilst the insured’s damaged vehicle was being repaired.
Notwithstanding this exclusion, the insurer NRMA had in place a “Courtesy Car
Programme”. Under this scheme, an insured was entitled to a courtesy car
either at no cost to the insured for up to 14 days if the insured was not at
fault, or at a preferential rate if the insured was at fault. When the insured
was not at fault, NRMA bore the cost of the hire for the 14-day “courtesy
period”. In either case, the scheme required the insured to have the damaged
vehicle repaired by a “NRMA approved” repairer. The “courtesy car” was hired
from Hertz. The insured entered into the Hertz rental agreement directly with
Hertz but the NRMA was billed for the hire for the first 14-day period. Each
respondent in that case was not the driver at fault and was therefore entitled
to participate in the programme at no cost for the 14-day courtesy period.
Each of the respondents had demonstrated a need for the replacement vehicle
during the repair period.

26 In arriving at her decision, Beazley JA, with whom the other two judges
agreed, sought to reconcile the cases mentioned by Lord Mustill. Her Honour
pointed out that the factual difference in _Cosemar_ was that third party
funding was conditional upon the shipowners paying the voyage expenses if they
recovered from the charterers whereas the cases before her involved gratuitous
payments. In her view, the factual difference did not affect the application
of the _res inter alios acta_ principle, which goes towards the question of
entitlement to damages or to the extinguishment of loss. I agree that if the
principle applies, it does not matter whether the replacement vehicle is free
or not. The finding in _Cosemar_ and _Harlow & Jones v Panex_ was that the
arrangement under discussion was _res inter alios acta_.

27 As the common law recognises that damages are recoverable for damage to
non-profit earning property, the fact that the substitute car is provided
gratuitously does not affect the entitlement to the damages in question. In
_The Mediana_ [1900] AC 113, a lightship owned by Mersey Docks and Harbour
Board was damaged by the steamship _Mediana_. During the period of repair, the
Board used a stand-by lightship owned by it and maintained for the purpose of
being a replacement ship in the case of any such emergency. The Board was not
put to extra expense. The Lord Chancellor explained the operation of the
principle at 117:

[B]y a wrongful act of the defendants the plaintiffs were deprived of their
vessel. When I say deprived of their vessel, I will not use the phrase “the
use of the vessel.” What right has a wrongdoer to consider what use you are
going to make of your vessel? More than one case has been put to illustrate
this: for example, the owner of a horse, or of a chair. Supposing a person
took away a chair out of my room and kept it for twelve months, could anybody
say you had a right to diminish the damages by [showing] that I did not
usually sit in that chair, or that there were plenty of other chairs in the
room? ... [A]s I say, the broad principle seems to me to be quite independent
of the particular use the plaintiffs were going to make of the thing that was
taken …

28 In _The Susquehanna_ [1926] AC 655, Viscount Dunedin held that the owners
were entitled to general damages for the loss of use of the vessel,
notwithstanding they had suffered no pecuniary loss. The claim was for
general, not special, damages. Lord Hobhouse in _Dimond v Lovell_ ([19]
_supra_) at 406 accepted that where the chattel is non-income earning (as was
Mrs Dimond’s car) “there may still be scope for awarding general damages for
loss of use”.

29 On the relevance of the fact that the replacement car by NRMA was
gratuitous, Ipp A-JA agreed with Beazley JA that the provision of the
replacement car was collateral and _res inter alios acta_. He reasoned that
the advantages gained by the plaintiff were the result of benevolence and
benefits of benevolence are not to be taken into account to reduce damages.

30 In _Dimond v Lovell_ , the car hire company, 1st Automotive Ltd, argued
that the fact the lessee had been fortunate enough to obtain a hire car for
nothing was _res inter alios acta_ , and hence not to be taken into account
when determining the measure of damages. It had been said in _Parry v Cleaver_
[1970] AC 1 that damages should not be reduced to take into account benefits
received by a claimant “from the benevolence of his friends or relations or of
the public at large”; and that benefits from insurance taken out and paid for
by the claimant should also be disregarded (_per_ Lord Reid at 14). Similarly,
in _Donnelly v Joyce_ [1974] QB 454 and _McAll v Brooks_ [1984] RTR 99, a near
universal theory was propounded to the effect that benefits provided by a
third party were to be ignored when assessing the right measures of damages.

31 The House of Lords in _Hunt v Severs_ [1994] 2 AC 350 had rejected the
broad applicability of the _res inter alios_ _acta_ rule, and had treated the
instances described by Lord Reid as exceptions to the rule against double
recovery (at 358 _per_ Lord Bridge of Harwich). In that case, the House had
accepted that the gratuitous provision of services could be recovered by the
claimant acting as trustee, but Lord Hoffmann in _Dimond v Lovell_ said that
any such device in the present case would be to undermine the provisions of
the UK Consumer Credit Act 1974 which had rendered the agreement
unenforceable.

32 As stated, the appellants relied on _Dimond v Lovell_ for the proposition
that the law only recognises two exceptions to the principle as to
deductibility. I am not satisfied that _Dimond v Lovell_ is persuasive
authority that there are only two exceptions to the principle against double
recovery. The facts of _Dimond v Lovell_ are special. The policy of the
Consumer Credit Act was to penalise 1st Automotive Ltd for not entering into a
properly executed agreement, and there was no sound policy reason why the
court should, in such a case, provide for another exception to the rule
against double recovery. The House, having held that the agreement was
unenforceable, was not prepared to allow Mrs Dimond a right to recover damages
for the notional cost of hiring a car which she had actually used for free.
That was also the reason why the House said it was not willing to create
another exception to the rule against double recovery. The legal position in
Singapore is different. The Court of Appeal in _The Mara_ [2000] 4 SLR 156
said that the categories of exceptions to the rule against double recovery are
not closed.

33 The Court of Appeal in _The Mara_ followed Lord Reid in _Parry v Cleaver_
and held that there was no universal principle as to deductibility of
collateral benefits at common law. Whilst various benefits accruing to an
injured victim have been taken into account, others have not, and it would
seem that the common law has treated this matter as one depending on justice,
reasonableness and public policy. This nebulous test has been admitted by the
House of Lords in _Hussain v New Taplow Paper Mills Ltd_ [1988] AC 514 and
followed in _The Mara_. The Court of Appeal in _The Mara_ held that it is
possible to look at the arrangement between the plaintiff and the third party
to see if by its true nature, it is one which is _res inter alios acta;_ and
if not, whether it is one which goes towards the mitigation of damages.

34 I would not consider the payments of the repair bill and taxi allowance,
even if they were made gratuitously, something akin to the respondent
receiving collateral compensation that meets the same loss as his award of
damages, and which therefore results in double compensation. By its terms, the
taxi allowance was not provided to relieve the liability of the appellants to
compensate the respondent. The intention may have been to encourage the
respondent to use an approved workshop for the repairs. The courtesy car or
taxi allowance are nothing more than incentives. I would adopt the reasoning
of Ipp A-JA which I had mentioned earlier.

35 I now consider the situation where repairs are carried out for free. The
existence of damage is an essential part of the cause of action in any claim
for damages. The respondent’s car was undeniably damaged and as a matter of
principle, the appellants have to satisfy the respondent for this loss. In
_Burdis v Livsey_ ([23] _supra_), the loss suffered was damage to property.
The fact that repairs were carried out free of charge did not avoid this
underlying loss. Applying the reasoning of the English Court of Appeal in
_Burdis v Livsey,_ the respondent in my view should be able to recover the
$450 paid in advance by NTUC Income.

36 In _Burdis v Livsey_ , the English Court of Appeal upheld the plaintiff’s
claim for damages for repairs despite the fact that she did not pay for the
repairs and was under no legal obligation to do so as the credit repair
agreement was unenforceable. The plaintiff’s car was damaged in a road
accident caused by the defendant’s negligence. Rather than pay for repairs and
wait for recompense from the defendant’s insurers, the plaintiff entered into
a credit repair agreement with Accident Assistance Limited (“AAL”). Under this
agreement, AAL paid for the repairs upfront and took responsibility for
securing ultimate payment (plus interest) from the defendant’s insurer. In the
event that the defendant or his insurer failed to pay AAL’s bill, the
plaintiff would ultimately be liable, although in practice AAL would not
enforce such payment. The repairs were effected and AAL presented the
defendant’s insurers with a bill for £2,981.19. The insurers refused to pay.
The credit repair agreement was contrary to the UK Consumer Credit Act 1974
and the county court judge declared the agreement unenforceable so much so
that the plaintiff need not pay AAL for the repairs. The defendant was
nonetheless ordered to pay the plaintiff’s damages.

37 On appeal, Gray J overturned the award of damages. The plaintiff’s car had
been repaired at no cost to herself. Therefore, her loss was avoided and no
damages were payable. To award the plaintiff damages in respect of a loss that
had been avoided would offend the principle against double recovery. The
English Court of Appeal nonetheless restored the order of damages against the
defendant and distinguished _Dimond v Lovell_ as a case on consequential loss.
The appellate court drew a distinction between direct loss on the one hand and
potential future loss on the other. When the plaintiff’s car was damaged, it
immediately diminished in value. She suffered a direct loss. She was entitled
to compensation in respect of this direct loss. The loss was the damage to the
car. There is no magic to the repairs. The measure of loss is the estimated
cost of restoring the car to its pre-accident condition and would remain so
even if the repairs were never carried out. The plaintiff’s entitlement to
compensation was not altered when the car was subsequently repaired at no cost
to her. The credit repair agreement was a collateral contract or _res inter
alios acta._ It was said to be too remote from the original tort to affect the
defendant’s liability.

38 The appellate court held that _Jones v Stroud District Council_ [1986] 1
WLR 1141 is still good law as it concerned direct losses. In that case, Neill
LJ said at 1150–1151:

It is true that as a general principle a plaintiff who seeks to recover
damages must prove that he has suffered a loss, but if property belonging to
him has been damaged to an extent which is proved and the court is satisfied
that the property has been or will be repaired I do not consider that the
court is further concerned with the question whether the owner has had to pay
for the repairs out of his own pocket or whether the funds have come from some
other source.

_Jones v Stroud_ was followed in _The Shravan_ [1999] 4 SLR 197.

39 For all these reasons, the appeal is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

