Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp (No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 255

Case Number | : | Suit 31/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Chuah Chee Kian, Tan Liam Beng and Eugene Tan (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; K Shanmugam SC, Ho Chien Mien, Ng Lip Chih, Karen Teoh and J Sathiaseelan (Allen and Gledhill) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Wishing Star Ltd — Jurong Town Corp   
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Damages – Defendant counter-claiming damages
for plaintiff's misrepresentations – Misrepresentations contained in tender
documents subsequently incorporated as terms of contract – Whether more
appropriate to sue for breach of contract  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Inducement – Plaintiff making various
misrepresentations in tender documents – Whether defendant induced by
misrepresentations to enter into sub-contract with plaintiff  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Recission – Whether defendant losing right to
rescind sub-contract by electing to affirm sub-contract after discovering
plaintiff's misrepresentations  
  

22 November 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff is a Hong Kong registered company carrying on the business
generally of a façade cladding contractor. The defendant is a statutory body
established under the Jurong Town Corporation Act (Cap 150, 1998 Rev Ed). The
plaintiff was engaged by the defendant as a contractor for the façade works in
a large building project referred to as “The Biopolis”. The plaintiff sued the
defendant in this action for wrongful termination and the defendant
counterclaimed for damages for misrepresentation and breach of contract. Mr
Shanmugam SC appeared as counsel for the defendant, and Mr Christopher Chuah
appeared for the plaintiff. Throughout the trial the defendant had emphasised
the massiveness of the Biopolis project, not only in terms of its physical
size, but also the international prestige it was expected to gain. The
Biopolis is an 185,000m² research complex for biomedical research. The
Biopolis project itself consisted of seven tower blocks and three basement
levels. The defendant asserted that the façade works “would not only serve an
aesthetic purpose in terms of forming the exterior appearance of the building
but also, _inter alia_ , ensure the water tightness of the buildings”. Samsung
Corporation (“Samsung”) was the main contractor of the building project. The
defendant had also appointed Jurong Town Corporation Pte Ltd (“JCPL”) as its
managing agent. JCPL played an important role in the history leading to the
present litigation. Ordinarily, a contractor such as the plaintiff would be
engaged by the main contractor and thus be known as a nominated sub-contractor
(“NSC”). In this case, the plaintiff did not impress the main contractor,
Samsung. The plaintiff, whose tender was the lowest among the competitors,
managed to impress JCPL. Hence, in spite of strong objection from Samsung, the
defendant, on the advice and recommendation of JCPL (which was submitted
formally to the defendant on 23 May 2002), appointed the plaintiff as the sub-
contractor for the façade works (“the Façade Works”) directly and not as an
NSC of the main contractor. On 9 September 2002, the defendant terminated that
appointment on the ground of misrepresentation and breach of contract by the
plaintiff. According to the plaintiff, the sub-contract sum was $54m, but the
defendant averred that this figure comprised the base offer made by the
plaintiff in its tender document. This disagreement is not material for the
time being.

**Scope of works and the representations**

2 The defendant alleged that the plaintiff made a number of representations
(all of which were contained in the tender documents) that were false and
which had induced the defendant into contracting with the plaintiff. The
alleged representations are set out in the following order for convenience:

(a) The plaintiff had, in the past five years preceding the tender, completed
a curtain walling system of $10m and above in a single project;

(b) The plaintiff had at least two project managers with 20 years’ experience
each for the unitised curtain wall project;

(c) The plaintiff had a chief design manager with at least 20 years’
experience;

(d) The plaintiff had an in-house production capacity of 10,000m² per month
for curtain production;

(e) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a 1,000m² polyester powder
coating plant;

(f) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a fluorocarbon coating
workshop;

(g) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a window and curtain wall
plant;

(h) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a functioning laboratory for
testing cladding systems and were also suitable for testing curtain wall
materials for the Façade Works;

(i) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a 2,000m² stone fabrication
plant;

(j) The plaintiff’s in-house facilities included a metal panel fabrication
plant.

Six of these representations were made in response to the evaluation criteria
imposed by the defendant for the purpose of shortlisting and selecting its
contractors. The criteria itself comprised two sub-sets named “Critical
Criteria” and “Other Criteria” respectively. The former, according to Mr Ong
Tiong Beng (“Mr Ong”), a vice-president of JCPL, “sets the basic minimum
criteria that tenderers needed to meet in order to be eligible to be awarded
the Façade Works”. Only the first representation related to the “Critical
Criteria”. “Other Criteria”, Mr Ong said, set out “certain specific
requirements and conditions” and were as important as the items in “Critical
Criteria”. Only items (b) to (f) above came from “Other Criteria”. It was the
defendant’s case that the above representations were “point by point
confirmations of the plaintiff’s compliance with the Evaluation Criteria”. It
was by this argument that it sought to cluster all the representations as
being equally important.

**The defendant’s case and important dates**

3 It will be more convenient to begin with the defendant’s case rather than
the plaintiff’s because of the positive assertions made by it, whereas the
plaintiff’s case will depend, in essence, on a successful defence of the
defendant’s assertions in the defence and counterclaim. The narrative of the
eventful story will be better appreciated if some important dates are
identified. The plaintiff submitted its tender document on 23 April 2002. This
was followed by a number of other documents and letters, culminating in the
defendant’s letter of award dated 14 June 2002, issued through JCPL. The
contract stipulated that the plaintiff had to commence work by 23 May 2002. On
9 September 2002, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff alleging that the
plaintiff had repudiated the contract by its misrepresentations and breaches,
and the defendant had accepted the repudiation and treated the contract as
terminated. Counsel for the defendant emphasised repeatedly that the Biopolis
was a prestigious and important national project, and was put on a “fast-
track” development programme, that is to say, it was intended that the project
be completed within 19 months instead of the 30 months that such a project
would normally require.

**The role of JCPL and its officers**

4 References to the parties so far were of the plaintiff and the defendant,
but in fact, throughout much of the crucial period between the tender of
contract and its subsequent termination, JCPL and its officers were dealing
directly with the plaintiff (as well as with Samsung). JCPL was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the defendant. It performed the dual role of consultant to, and
agent of, the defendant. The most senior officer from JCPL to testify in this
trial was Miss Mao Whey Ying (“Miss Mao”), the Executive Vice-President of
JCPL’s Public Business Division. She was also designated the Superintending
Officer of the Biopolis project. The Superintending Officer was in charge of
administering the main contract between the defendant and Samsung on the
defendant’s behalf. In reality, the day-to-day work was left to her assistant,
Mr Nick Chang Koon Chean (“Mr Nick Chang”), who was the Principal Architect of
JCPL’s Specialised Parks Department. Mr Nick Chang was appointed the
Superintending Officer’s Representative, referred to in the documentary
evidence as the “SO’s rep”. As Miss Mao testified, her role was more a
“supervisory one” and she did not deal with the contractors and sub-
contractors. That job was performed mainly by Mr Nick Chang, and Mr Ong, the
Project Manager for the Biopolis project. Three other relevant officers from
JCPL were Mr Seah Chee Kien, the Chief Architect, Mr Chew Son Wah, the Senior
Contracts Manager, and Mr Lim Lye Huat, a manager.

**How the tocsin was sounded**

5 Almost from the moment the tender exercise closed, Samsung was already
indicating its uneasiness with contractors unfamiliar to it. Mr Ong deposed
that two letters from Mr Harrison Park of Samsung in April and May 2002
respectively gave him the impression that Samsung was “posturing”; hoping to
influence the defendant in awarding the tender to Permasteelisa, which he
said, would also been beneficial to Samsung financially, but he did not
elaborate. In the face of continued objections by Samsung, Mr Ong, Mr Nick
Chang, and Mr Chew Son Wah appeared to scrutinise the plaintiff carefully
before clearing with Mr Cheong Kum Yin, JCPL’s Senior Vice-President, and Miss
Mao prior to submitting JCPL’s recommendation to the defendant. When asked by
Mr Spencer Lim, a director of the defendant, whether he was convinced that the
plaintiff would be able to “deliver a good job, in time, and within budget”,
Mr Ong told Mr Spencer Lim that he would ideally “have preferred to recommend
bigger players such as Permasteelisa but that was not possible due to [the
defendant’s] budget constraints”. In response to a letter from Mr Harrison
Park, the plaintiff wrote on 1 May 2002 giving a detailed affirmation that it
was able to meet the criteria and terms set out in the “Evaluation Criteria”
in the tender documents. Ten days later, the plaintiff wrote again, this time
to affirm that its project manager would be a person with 20 years’
experience. The ever-sceptical Samsung continued to raise questions. Mr Ong
eventually reacted to the constant warnings from Samsung and asked to check
the plaintiff’s programme. By June 2002 senior officers at JCPL appeared
nervous and concerned. It was about this time that Mr Nick Chang visited the
plaintiff’s office where he saw 15 members of the plaintiff’s design team at
work. It transpired that almost all of them were models hired by the
plaintiff. The only real dispute was whether the fake employees were employed
with or without the plaintiff’s knowledge. It was a small point because the
most probable conclusion that the evidence leads to is that it was done with
the plaintiff’s knowledge and consent, by a Mr Jack Koh, a senior member of
its management team (which was not very large in any case, comprising of Miss
Carol Wen, Mr C H Tong, and Mr Jack Koh). The result was that on 10 July 2002,
JCPL made a trip to China to examine the plaintiff’s facilities for itself.
This was the first of two trips. The second was on 24 July 2002. On 3
September 2002, the defendant’s senior officers (Mr Steven Choo and Mr Spencer
Lim) made a trip to inspect the plaintiff’s facilities. Immediately after its
first China trip, and consequent upon its team’s findings at the plaintiff’s
industrial park in China, JCPL sounded the alarm loud and clear.

**The disputed facts**

6 The course of the trial meandered slightly at this point and there was a
contest over a variety of factual issues and their significance. The
plaintiff’s work under its contract with the defendant required it to produce
or fabricate substantial amounts of the necessary materials such as stone and
metal. It was with this in mind that the contract reiterated various
representations by the plaintiff. The representations had become terms of the
contract. They were not merely statements made with the intention of inducing
the defendant to grant them the work. It was expressly provided and thus a
contrary view could not be seriously entertained. The question that had now
arisen was whether the representations were false or substantially false such
that the defendant was entitled to terminate the contract. First, the contract
required the plaintiff to have a 2,000m² metal fabrication plant. What the
plaintiff showed the visiting JCPL and defendant members in the two visits was
a two-storey building with just over 1,000m² of floor space on each floor. The
photographs that were produced to support the witnesses’ testimonies put an
end to the debate. The photographs showed the empty interior of the building.
A 2,000m² empty room that might potentially be a metal fabrication plant is
not a 2,000m² metal fabrication plant. I need not dwell on the quarrel as to
whether two machines in the whole building altered the nature of the building,
and whether that made the building not “virtually bare”. On the evidence, the
two machines appeared irrelevant in the otherwise empty hall. The building
could not be called a metal fabrication plant despite the machines. The
defendant’s representatives were taken to two plants purported to be the
3,000m² “window and curtain wall fabrication plant”. There were some busy
activity and machinery there, but the question was whether these were
activities involved in the fabrication of the large windows and curtain walls
needed for the Biopolis. On the testimonies of the witnesses and the
photographic evidence, I would say not.

7 The defendant also adduced evidence to rebut the claim that the plaintiff
had a powder coating plant, a fluorocarbon coating plant, and a test
laboratory for the curtain wall system. The issue concerning the plaintiff’s
ability to produce 10,000m² of curtain wall was the focus of some extreme
suggestions from both sides. Mr Chuah, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted
that the defendant was resorting to “a contrived and overly technical, down to
the last nut and bolt calculation” to show that the plaintiff was unable to
make good its representation that it had the facilities to produce 10,000m² of
curtain wall. A full and complete curtain wall would include the panels, the
mullions and the transoms. The defendant’s expert, Mr Bruce Wymond, was of the
view that the plaintiff did not have the appropriate or adequate equipment to
fashion the essential components of the curtain wall. Dr Shillinglaw, one of
the plaintiff’s experts, advanced the proposition that the definition of
“curtain wall” included only the mullions and transoms but excluded the
cladding. He gave a slightly technical explanation, which seems plausible. But
on the whole, the evidence suggested that when the parties referred to the
curtain wall in their discussions, in contract documents and in court, the
reference was to the entire curtain wall, cladding and all. Further challenge
to Mr Bruce Wymond’s evidence came from Miss Carol Wen. Miss Carol Wen was
seriously injured in a motor vehicle accident before her cross-examination
ended. But in the time that she was testifying in court, she was adamant that
the plaintiff’s representations were not false. However, Mr Shanmugam SC
severely tested her loyalty to truth, and although I do not find her to be in
any way near the form of liar that counsel bluntly suggested that she was, the
overall evidence weighed against her. She appeared to have glossed over some
of the plaintiff’s shortcomings, and was overly optimistic of the plaintiff’s
potential and capability. It was quite apparent that the plaintiff did not
have the facilities that it said it had. Perhaps the plaintiff might somehow
find competent sub-contractors to do the work for them entirely, but this is
only speculation.

8 All the alleged misrepresentations referred to above fall within the
category known as “Other Criteria” in the tender documents. There was another
category called “Critical Criteria”, which appears, from the name itself, as
well as the evidence of Mr Spencer Lim, to be a criterion that the defendant
regarded as highly important. As Mr Spencer Lim said, it meant that if it
could not be complied with, the evaluation of the tendering contractor would
end there and then. The only representation that belonged to the “Critical
Criteria” category was the representation that the plaintiff had completed a
curtain walling system of $10m and above in a single project in the five years
prior to the statement. The dispute on this point concerned the question
whether the plaintiff had misrepresented to the defendant when it said that
its $10m contract was for the curtain wall work in the Shanghai Square project
in China. In that project, the main contractor appeared to be Shanghai Mei Da
Construction and Decoration Co Ltd. It contracted the curtain wall work to the
plaintiff, who in turn, sub-contracted it to Wishing Star Curtain Wall
(Shanghai) Ltd, which was its wholly-owned subsidiary company. The defendant
took this to be an outright misrepresentation. Legally, a subsidiary is a
separate legal entity from its parent. In that sense, it was not true that the
plaintiff _itself_ had done a $10m job, although commercially, no real
distinction could be drawn in the present circumstances where it appeared that
the parent and subsidiary had common personnel and were otherwise working
closely together.

9 In a complex and factually complicated case such as this, it would be useful
to be reminded of two cardinal principles in fact finding by a court. First,
the facts are required to be established on a balance of probabilities. In so
far as it relates to the finding of hard facts, _ie_ , matters such as whether
X made statement Y, a court may sometimes find the evidence so finely balanced
that it cannot be tilted. In that event, the second principle applies, namely,
that the burden of proof lies with the party who asserts, or in certain
circumstances as the law may impose, on the other. I have dealt with the
factual disputes above on the basis of a plain finding as to whether the
statements asserted in the tender documents were true or correct, as the case
may be. I shall now deal with the more difficult aspect, that is, whether on
the facts, the statements amount to misrepresentation in law.

**Misrepresentation – The law**

10 For false or untrue representations to be effective, they must have induced
the contract. Reference is commonly made to the old case of _Horsfall v
Thomas_ (1862) 1 H & C 90; 158 ER 813 in which the court held that the person
who buys a defective cannon (where the seller had concealed a defect by
plugging it with metal) cannot claim that the seller misrepresented to him
that the cannon was not defective when he (the buyer) did not inspect the
cannon before or at the time of the purchase. This anachronistic illustration
retains its appeal in academic texts and from them, it is often lifted to
emphasise the point that unless the representee was aware of the
misrepresentation he could not be said to have been induced into the contract
by it. The present context and circumstances were far more complex. Here the
plaintiff had made specific statements of facts. These facts were not true. It
will be relevant at this juncture to ask, did the defendant enter into the
contract _because_ of the said false or untrue statements, and would the
defendant have agreed to award the contract to the plaintiff had it been aware
that the statements were false? These are two different questions, but the
correlation between them is so strong that the distinction is sometimes not
fully appreciated.

11 Mr Spencer Lim agreed under cross-examination that the distinction between
the items in the “Critical Criteria” and those in the “Other Criteria” lay in
the fact that a non-compliance with the former ends the prospect of further
evaluation or review. It was therefore aptly named “Critical”. Hence, Mr Chuah
submitted that by implication, a failure to observe the items in the “Other
Criteria” would not rule out the plaintiff’s chances entirely. I am inclined
to accept this distinction not only because Mr Chuah’s interpretation of these
terms were reasonably formed from Mr Spencer Lim’s evidence, but also because
the nature of the terms itself leans towards such a construction. If we take
the term that the plaintiff must have a project manager of 20 years’
experience as an example, I think that it is unlikely that the defendant would
have rejected a contractor if its project manager had only 19 years and six
months’ experience. Furthermore, a mere non-rejection of a tender should not
be taken to mean that the defendant was therefore induced by the
representations to award it to the plaintiff. Let me carry the illustration
further. A contractor who says to the owner that he has a project manager of
19 years and six months’ experience might still be accepted and there will be
no question of misrepresentation. However, a contractor who says that he has a
project manager of 20 years’ experience when his projector manager had only 19
years and six months’ experience would not have stated the truth, but might
not have misrepresented because the statement was substantially true. Mr Chuah
also pointed to the evidence of Mr Nicky Chang who said that he had seen the
organisation chart put up by the plaintiff which indicated that the plaintiff
was planning to have only one and not two project managers. Hence, counsel
submitted, the defendant knew or had good grounds to be aware that some of the
items in the “Other Criteria” might not be fully complied with. If these were
material discrepancies, counsel submitted, the obligation fell on JCPL to
alert the defendant, which it did not do. The result, he submitted, was that
the defendant’s subsequent claim that it was induced by the representations
thus made, could not accepted.

12 The proper and relevant question is whether the defendant was induced by
the said representations. This has proved to be a difficult question even in
the straightforward cases. The degree of difficulty increases the more complex
or complicated the facts become, as can be seen, for example, in the modern
case of _Avon Insurance plc v Swire Fraser Ltd_ [2000] 1 All ER (Comm) 573,
which involved the representation by insurance brokers that the risks, that
were the subject of the insurance to be taken from the plaintiff insurers,
would be individually assessed by the underwriters. They were not so assessed,
but the relevant facts were more complicated than that, and Rix J (as he then
was) held that the action based on misrepresentation failed. In the present
case, there were several representations classified under three different
categories, and the majority of the representations were set out in the tender
documents that eventually became terms of the contract. This was a major and
massive construction project, and understandably, the documents were
voluminous. In simpler contracts such as the sale and purchase of, say, a
second-hand car, the circumstances which might give rise to misrepresentations
inducing the contract are much more obvious, and by their nature, more readily
proved or accepted. If the buyer is believed, a simple statement such as,
“this car is absolutely accident-free” would be sufficient, if false, to
amount to an actionable misrepresentation. But where the parties are dealing
with a massive construction project, the details and co-ordination of
suppliers, materials, sub-contractors, professional consultants and so on will
likely preoccupy all parties concerned. It would therefore be sensible to
ensure that the contractual documents cover all the terms and concerns of the
parties. It will require very clear evidence that a party would not have
entered into the contract if he had known that one or more representations
made to him was not true for the court to find misrepresentation in such
cases. There was no evidence in the present case that inclines me to find that
the defendant was induced into awarding the contract to the plaintiff because
of one or more of the said representations. In a contract of this size and
nature, there are very few considerations that stand out to be the one article
that clinches the deal. All conditions and factors had to be weighed and
considered in totality. But if there were a single most important item in the
present case, it would be the fact that the plaintiff’s was the lowest tender
at $60,000,000. The next closest, but by a long way, would have been the
representation that the plaintiff had experience in a project of at least
$10,000,000. In a contract of this nature, generally, and this contract,
specifically, I am of the view that if there had been no hitches, the
defendant would not have been alarmed that it was the plaintiff’s subsidiary
and not the plaintiff itself that completed the $10m job.

13 A decision to award a contract to a tenderer because he fulfils the
conditions laid down is not necessarily one that is reached by reason of the
awarding party being induced by the representation that the terms have been or
will be complied with. This obvious point is sometimes obscured by overly
simplistic views. Generally, proposals and counter proposals that are
exchanged between the parties that become terms of the contract (such as those
presently alleged) must be subject to the law relating to breach of contract
and not misrepresentation. This is particularly so in a construction contract
such as the present. Otherwise, every breach of such a contract in itself
would be an actionable misrepresentation. I would, therefore, take a stricter
view as to whether there was misrepresentation in law. It appears to me that
all that were stated in the Evaluation Criteria were matters that the
defendant wanted the plaintiff or the successful tenderer to comply with.
These are requirements that the construction industry understands would be
incorporated into the contract as terms of the contract, and consequently, if
they were not complied with, the innocent party would be entitled to sue for
breach of contract.

**Election or affirmation: The law**

14 I will now turn to the question of election or affirmation, on the
assumption that the defendant was induced into the contract with the
plaintiff. Mr Chuah submitted that the defendant lost the right, if it had
one, to rescind the contract because it had affirmed the contract after
discovering the misrepresentations. Counsel began his submission on this point
by referring to Lord Goff’s speech in _Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries
SA v Shipping Corporation of India (The Kanchenjunga)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
391 at 398 as the state of the law concerning the doctrine of election, and
also to stress the point that it is applicable equally in the case of
misrepresentation as it does in a case of a breach of contract. In the case of
a breach, which I shall revert to shortly in respect of the present case, the
doctrine of election applies concomitantly to the remedies depending on
whether the breach involved a warranty, a condition or that which has
fascinatingly, and ironically, been named an “innominate term”. Beginning,
however, with the doctrine as it applies to misrepresentation, it appears that
I must deal first with the dispute in law as to whether the right to rescind
depended not only on the knowledge of the facts, but also of the right to
rescind. _Peyman v Lanjani_ [1985] Ch 457 (“ _Peyman_ ”), the case of the non-
English-speaking Iranians, was referred to by Mr Shanmugam for the defendant
as suggesting that both factors were essential. Mr Chuah relied on _The
Kanchenjunga_ to the contrary, denying that _Peyman_ goes the length that the
defendant suggests; alternatively, if it does, Lord Goff’s views must have
since changed the position; thirdly, that _Peyman_ itself admits of an
exception based on estoppel; and finally, that in any event, the defendant was
aware of the right to rescind. In _Peyman_ , May and Slade LJJ agreed fully
with the judgment of Stephenson LJ. In that judgment, it appears clear that a
key question for the UK Court of Appeal’s determination was whether the
knowledge required to support a plea of waiver was knowledge of the facts
alone, or whether there had to be further knowledge “that they give rise to
the right and hence to a right of choice” (at 482). Stephenson LJ, after
noting that “[s]tatements of the highest authority seem at first sight to give
conflicting answers”, then reviewed the conflicting authorities and, in
conclusion, inclined towards the older established authority of the House of
Lords decision in _Evans v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 473, holding at 487 that:

[K]nowledge of the facts which give rise to the right to rescind is not enough
to prevent the plaintiff from exercising that right, but he must also know
that the law gives him that right yet choose with that knowledge not to
exercise it.

The passage from _The Kanchenjunga_ that Mr Chuah relied on comes from that
part of Lord Goff’s judgment at 398–399 as follows:

If, with knowledge of the facts giving rise to the repudiation, the other
party to the contract acts (for example) in a manner consistent only with
treating that contract as still alive, he is taken in law to have exercised
his election to affirm the contract.

However, a little further at 399, his Lordship, after drawing the contrast
between the doctrines of election with that of equitable estoppel, went on to
elaborate as follows:

In the context of a contract, the principle of election applies when a state
of affairs comes into existence in which one party becomes entitled to
exercise a right, and has to choose whether to exercise the right or not. His
election has generally to be an informed choice, made with knowledge of the
facts giving rise to the right.

15 In my view, Lord Goff’s judgment, read in the context of the case, is
consistent with the interpretation of the law by Stephenson LJ in _Peyman_.
Contrary to counsel’s submission, the House of Lords in _The Kanchenjunga_ did
not express any scepticism of _Peyman_ itself. In fact, _Peyman_ was not cited
before it. One cannot make an election whether of or on facts. An election can
only be made as regards one’s rights. Naturally, such an election is
impossible unless he knows that he has a right upon which to make a choice.
Further, in order that he may exercise his choice, it would also be necessary
for him to be informed of the facts because a decision whether to insist on
his rights depends on the contextual background, and that can only be provided
by a knowledge of the facts. I am therefore in full agreement with the
position taken by the UK Court of Appeal.

16 I shall now address the issue as to whether the defendant had knowledge of
the right to rescind. Since the law requires an election to be made as close
as possible to the discovery of the facts creating the basis for rescission
(otherwise the right might be lost consequent upon delay), it follows that the
material time must be the time at or soon after the discovery of the facts. In
this regard, the evidence indicated that the defendant very probably knew that
rescission was an option. In his evidence-in-chief, Mr Nick Chang stated that
the JCPL team that visited the plaintiff’s factory in China in July 2002
discussed their options when they returned from the trip. Termination was an
option in the sense that getting advice (presumably legal advice) was
discussed, but Mr Ong was too concerned about the impact of termination on the
“fast-track” project. Miss Mao, who had been briefed about the findings of the
team that visited the plaintiff’s factory, stated under cross-examination:

We actually did not decide against termination at that time. We know that is
one option but we moved ahead to see if there are any other options, so we
decided to explore the solutions first.

She further conceded, agreeing with counsel that the topic of termination was
discussed, that she did say in her affidavit that they decided against
termination because it was too time-consuming a procedure. It is therefore not
just a case of the defendant knowing about the facts (of the plaintiff’s
alleged misrepresentations). A discussion on the subject of termination
implied that it would have included a discussion on the right to terminate. It
would be pointless to consider termination unless the question of whether
there is a right to do so is also raised. The defendant and its agent JCPL
were not unschooled and inexperienced parties. To the contrary, it had a
collection of highly trained and some of the best professionals in its
organisation as well as in its agent and consultant JCPL. Furthermore, by 24
July 2002, an important letter in which Mr Harrison Park urged the defendant
to terminate had been copied to the defendant’s legal department (“the
Harrison Park letter”). (I shall refer to the Harrison Park letter and the
surrounding circumstances, in detail, in [18] below.) On the balance of
probabilities, I would find that the defendant was aware not only of the
facts, but also of the right to terminate. For the avoidance of
misunderstanding, knowledge of the right to terminate in this regard does not
mean that it would be right to terminate. The latter is the main issue before
me.

**Election or affirmation: The facts**

17 It is important to revert to the first trip to inspect the plaintiff’s
facilities in China. The trips to China were prompted by the serious concern
that the plaintiff appeared not to be able to perform the contract. The
impression given was that JCPL and the defendant were hoping that the trip(s)
might prove them wrong; but in the end, the trip(s) confirmed their worst
fears. The first trip was made by JCPL but upon the team’s return, the
defendant was given an account of it. According to Mr Spencer Lim, Mr Ong
briefed the defendant’s officer including himself on 16 July 2002, and
essentially reported that the plaintiff’s facilities were “not up to the
mark”. When asked by Mr Chuah, under cross-examination, whether he felt that
the plaintiff’s facilities were “highly inadequate”, Mr Ong stated, “Yes, even
as a layman, I feel that way.” The preceding evidence appears to me to have
been carefully understated. A few moments later, the true and full extent of
the impression the visiting team had of the plaintiff’s facilities was
revealed. Mr Ong testified that, “At that point in time, I think we were
really, if I could use the word, panicking. My observation is that I think we
were in deep trouble.” Further on, he recalled Mr Harrison Park (of Samsung
Corporation) saying, “Wah, finished lah.” At that point it became obvious to
everyone, from the main contractor to JCPL and to the defendant, that the
urgent matter at hand was to find a solution. As far as they were concerned,
the plaintiff would not be able to perform its part of the contract. Mr Ong
confessed under cross-examination that at that point (briefing the defendant
on the first China trip), he said:

I think termination might have crossed our minds, I think it certainly did,
because it was already in my mind, because at that point in time, saying I am
really in trouble, I do not think I can finish this project; how do I finish
this and, to be honest, your Honour, at that point in time, I had no idea how
we would be able to salvage the situation, so I was just trying to cool things
down.

He then went on to explain that he thought that the termination of a contract
was procedurally cumbersome, and if that should take two or three months, “the
damage would be far more severe”. This will be considered with Miss Mao’s
evidence that they did not decide against termination at that time: “We know
that it was one option but we move ahead to see if there are any other
options, so we decided to explore the solutions first.” The long evidence of
the numerous witnesses for the defendant indicated very clearly, although not
expressly, perhaps because it was one of those unmentionable things that one
tries not to voice, that the defendant decided upon a two-pronged solution to
the problem. First, it would try and obtain third party suppliers to work with
the plaintiff, and at the same time, convince Samsung to take over the
plaintiff as its NSC.

18 The second prong was totally unrealistic from the start although that did
not prevent the defendant from hoping and trying, up to the moment when it
finally terminated the plaintiff’s contract, because by a letter dated the
same date, the defendant was persuading Samsung to take the plaintiff as its
NSC. I had said that this second prong was doomed from the start because
Samsung’s chief in this project, Mr Harrison Park, was convinced from the
start that the plaintiff could not do the job. His trip with the JCPL team to
China reinforced his view. And thus, on 18 July 2002, he wrote to the
defendant, copying his letter to the top management of the defendant itself,
and after describing the poor state of the plaintiff’s facilities in China,
pleaded his “final appeal” to it in the following terms:

(a) I presumed that JCPL wish to continue with [the plaintiff] by affording
all necessary assistance to them even though the evidence is overwhelming that
[the plaintiff] is not capable of undertaking this size of curtain wall and
other related works.

(b) However, I see no reason how this can work, as the Curtain Wall business
is not simple but extremely complex.

(c) As there is no time for trial and error, we are already late in procuring
this very critical works and this project cannot afford to have any further
mistake.

(d) I understand the decision to terminate/rescind [the plaintiff’s] nominated
sub-contract is very difficult, however, if you do not take this position now,
I foresee the project will face more difficulties later, ultimately the whole
project suffers.

(e) If the decision to terminate [the plaintiff] is taken now, we may still
have the possibility in completing the work on schedule by sourcing existing
curtain wall specialists who are competent with ready company set-up to
strongly drive the curtain wall and other related works.

It was no wonder that Samsung steadfastly refused to accept the plaintiff in
spite of the defendant’s cajoling. The defendant could have exercised its
contractual right and have insisted that Samsung did so, but it did not for
reasons which I shall revert to shortly. The Harrison Park letter, prophetic
in some ways, and also accurate and sensible as it appeared to be, nonetheless
had an element of self-interest. It can be seen from earlier correspondence
that Samsung was pushing for its own nominees, one of which was its related
company, to be nominated for this sub-contract. The turn of events had given
Samsung the opportunity for a refrain, but my observation of that undercurrent
is only relevant for a better understanding of the narrative. It is not
relevant to the issues in this trial.

19 Consequent upon the Harrison Park letter, Mr Philip Su (the Assistant Chief
Executive Officer of the defendant) called an urgent meeting with JCPL on 20
July 2002. Mr Spencer Lim, who attended the meeting as well, testified that Mr
Harrison Park’s call for termination of the plaintiff’s contract was discussed
at the meeting but the meeting “did not elaborate [_sic_] whether termination
was an option”. He agreed with counsel that the meeting was content with Mr
Ong’s assurance that he had things under control and was lining up other sub-
contractors and suppliers to help. Mr Philip Su himself candidly agreed that
the meeting considered the Harrison Park letter, and in response to Mr Chuah’s
suggestion that the meeting, “discounted it because of the assurance given by
the consultants”, he replied, “That would be in sync.” Mr Ong also agreed that
termination was in their minds but “the implications of termination were
horrendous”. So, according to this witness, the defendant concentrated “on the
way forward – how to salvage the situation”. A little later, he testified that
they were looking at new suppliers and if they could get them, the problem
would be solved. That was his “road map” out of trouble. Miss Mao, confirming
the same evidence of the others, further added that termination would have
given Samsung an extension of time for the main contract work. She added that
termination would be good for Samsung but not necessarily good for the
defendant. So, wading through all the above evidence, it seems to me that the
defendant had consulted JCPL and discussed carefully and thoroughly all the
options, although their witnesses were careful to say that they did not
elaborate on the decision to terminate. Superficially, it might appear that
thoughts of election or affirmation were avoided. But that would be impossible
unless the discussions were neither serious nor thorough. Given the
circumstances and the high quality of each and every officer from JCPL and the
defendant, I do not think that that would be the case. On the contrary, the
evidence, as I had narrated above, indicated that the defendant had weighed
all its options and decided that termination, whether its consequences would
be too horrendous (as Mr Ong said) or for strategic reasons such as not giving
Samsung the excuse for getting an extension of time, was out of the question.
That was an election.

20 The defendant went further than merely deciding against termination. It
decided positively in favour of the option of using third party contractors to
make up the deficiencies of the plaintiff. I had used the term “positively” in
the sense of a positive action as opposed to an act of omission – it was not
positive in the sense of an idea confidently hatched. As Mr Nick Chang
candidly testified, they were not even sure whether it would work, but they
were trying for it. In the meantime, the evidence showed that after the crisis
meeting of 20 July 2002, the plaintiff continued to submit shopdrawings to the
defendant and there were meetings between JCPL and the plaintiff over those
drawings. On 14 August 2002, the plaintiff had a meeting with Samsung, the
purpose of which was to present an updated programme for Samsung’s comment and
approval. According to the evidence of Mr Tong, there was no adverse comment
by Samsung. This was certainly true because whatever opinion Samsung might
have had, it was not put to the plaintiff at that time. In the meantime, too,
co-ordination meetings between the plaintiff and JCPL continued. The minutes
of a co-ordination meeting, held on 18 July 2002, reported that the plaintiff
was told that JCPL would consider any innovations that the plaintiff might
propose, and specifically requested that the plaintiff propose improvements
that could be incorporated into the curtain wall system “and implemented
within the timeline”. It was also recorded at that meeting that the parties
discussed matters concerning copper cladding, glass-work, and manpower. The
minutes ended with a schedule for the next meeting. In other words, it was
business as usual. The meeting of 18 July 2002 was consistent with an e-mail
sent by Miss Mao to Mr Spencer Lim dated 17 July 2002. In it, Miss Mao stated
that:

Through the visit to the [plaintiff’s] factory and other plants, we have
identified credible sub-contractors whom [the plaintiff] will be working with
and we will get [the plaintiff] to commit the engagement of such reputable
sub-contractors shortly. We will also be working with the [plaintiff] to
identify reputable installers and other sub-contractors critical for the
successful completion of the work.

She continued by stating that:

[JCPL] will be planning the detailed schedule with [the plaintiff] for all
stages of the façade work, from shopdrawings to actual installation. Our staff
will also be deployed to carry out periodic inspection and checking of work in
the factory.

21 For the reasons above, I find that the defendant was not induced into the
contract by any of the representations that had been found to be untrue, and
further, that in the event, the defendant had, by its conduct, elected to
affirm the contract after it had full notice of the facts and its rights in
law. Counsel for the parties have agreed to defer the issue of a breach of
contract until the disposal of the preliminary issue of misrepresentation and
rescission has been dealt with. In this regard, counsel have also agreed to
deal with the issues of repudiatory and anticipatory breach subsequently.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

