Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v AA  
[2004] SGHC 10

Case Number | : | CC 1/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Wing Tuck and Shirani Alfreds (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Subhas Anandan and Anand Nalachandran (Harry Elias Partnership) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — AA   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles  
  

20 January 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused is 40 years old and was employed as an orderly in the Supreme
Court. He pleaded guilty to four charges under s 377 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed). The first charge (the “1st charge”) concerned the act of
fellatio on him by an 11-year-old boy (referred hereafter as “the first
complainant”) on 29 May 2003. The second charge (the “9th charge”) concerned
the same act but involved a 12-year-old boy (referred hereafter as “the second
complainant”). The third charge (the “12th charge”) concerned the act of
sodomy in which the accused was the passive partner. The active partner was a
17-year-old (the “third complainant”). The fourth charge concerned the act of
fellatio by the accused on the third complainant (the “13th charge”). The
three complainants were known to the accused, and their respective families
had maintained a close relationship with each other. In pleading guilty, the
accused also agreed to have 12 other charges concerning the same complainants
be taken into account for purposes of sentencing. Other than these offences,
the accused has no antecedents.

2 His counsel, Mr Subhas Anandan, pleaded for leniency and prayed that the
court would be compassionate to the accused. However, I am of the view that
compassion ought to have as little to do as possible with the sentencing of an
offender. A court that is swayed by compassion will also yield to indignation
when the opportune case is before it. Such sentiments are obstructive and
distracting when reason alone should determine the sentence. The duty of the
court is to measure and evaluate all factors that are relevant, whether they
are against or in favour of the accused, and then determine a fair and
appropriate sentence as punishment in the circumstances of that case before
it. I should also mention that the fact that the accused was once an exemplary
employee in these courts does not entitle him to any special tenderness on my
part in sentencing him. That is a neutral matter.

3 The relevant facts in this case are obvious from the charges and the
statement of facts. All three complainants were young; two of them were aged
11 and 12 years old. The third was 17 years old. The tender ages of the first
two complainants belie their personal history of sexual conduct. Although this
is an indication that they were not entirely innocent minds, it also shows how
a chain of corruption is formed by a single act of corruption; and that is
what makes the corrupting influence reprehensible. I take cognisance of the
fact that the accused might not be the first person to corrupt the two younger
complainants. According to the first complainant, it was the third complainant
who led him into this kind of activity.

4 The fact that the accused had not been previously charged has been taken
into account although in cases where, as in this case, there are other charges
that are being taken into account for purposes of sentencing, and those
charges cover different occasions, then the fact that he had no antecedents is
of lesser value in mitigation. It only meant that he had not previously been
charged and not that he had hitherto not engaged in criminal activity.

5 The facts of this case are highly unusual, and quite distinctive. The
absence of precedent cases involving the conviction of a sodomised person adds
to the unusual circumstances of this case. In sentencing the accused, it is
also important to determine the punishment by taking the totality of the
sentences into account. I therefore sentenced the accused to:

(a) three years’ imprisonment for the 1st charge,

(b) three years’ imprisonment for the 9th charge,

(c) nine months’ imprisonment for the 12th charge, and

(d) nine months’ imprisonment for the 13th charge.

Sentences for the 1st and 9th charges are concurrent but consecutive to the
12th and 13th charges which are to be served concurrently, making a total of
three years nine months for the offences.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

