Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2285 and Others v Sum Lye Heng
(alias Lim Jessie)  
[2004] SGCA 13

Case Number | : | CA 101/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Cuthbert Low (Peter Low, Tang and Belinda Ang) for appellants; Lim Chor Pee (Chor Pee and Partners) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2285; Loke Mei Peng Amanda; Tan Kim Siang Raymond; Chan Tian Soo; Lim Teck Chay; Wong Oong Kwong; Chua Choon Huat; Chua Boon Chye — Sum Lye Heng (alias Lim Jessie)   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Abuse of process – Jurisdiction of
High Court to stay private summons issued in Subordinate Courts where no basis
for complaint disclosed – Sections 66(1), 67(2) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

30 March 2004

Tan Lee Meng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal is in relation to an application filed by the respondent, Sum
Lye Heng, also known as Jessie Lim (“Jessie”), to restrain the first
appellant, Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2285 (“the MC”), from
proceeding with any further action in Private Summons No 138 of 2003, which
was issued against her pursuant to a complaint filed by the fourth appellant,
Chan Tian Soo (“CTS”), on behalf of the MC. Jessie contended that the said
complaint and the private summons were an abuse of the process of the court.
Woo Bih Li J ordered the MC to be so restrained and further ordered a
permanent stay of Private Summons No 138 of 2003. We dismissed the appeal
against the judge’s decision (reported at [2003] 4 SLR 553) and now give our
reasons for having done so.

**Background**

2 Jessie and the second to eighth appellants are subsidiary proprietors of
housing units in Harbourlights Condominium (“the condominium”). She and the
second to eighth appellants served at one time or another as members of the
council of the condominium. Jessie is also a former chairperson of the
council.

3 For a clearer picture of the present dispute, events dating to the first
annual general meeting (“AGM”) of the MC on 19 May 2001 ought to be referred
to. At that meeting, Jessie and the fourth to seventh appellants were elected
as council members. After the first chairman of the council resigned, Jessie
became the chairperson of the council on 13 November 2001.

4 The condominium was then managed by Premas International Limited (“Premas”).
Apparently, there was some dissatisfaction with Premas’ services. Jessie, a
full-time director and shareholder of SCMS Property Management Pte Ltd
(“SCMS”), a property management company, was interested in managing the
condominium. She said that she informed the other council members of her role
in SCMS before she was appointed the chairperson of the council and that some
of the council members encouraged her to arrange for SCMS to submit a tender
bid for the management of the condominium.

5 In April 2002, Premas were instructed to prepare tender documents for the
award of a new management contract for the condominium. A number of management
companies, including SCMS, collected the tender documents. On 7 May 2002,
Janet Au, a property agent from Premas, sent a note to all the council
members. In it, she stated:

Re : Tender of Management Agent Services

We append the list of companies that [have] collected the tender documents for
your necessary information. …

We would like to highlight Section 66(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act. …

Copy of section 66 of the LTSA is enclosed for your easy reference.

Members are expected to disclose your interest (if any) for the above.

6 On 13 May 2002, Jessie sent an e-mail to Janet Lim (“Janet”), the secretary
of the MC, and her niece and the fifth to seventh appellants, stating that she
would take steps to declare her interest in SCMS and that she would not be
involved in the evaluation of the tenders submitted for the management of the
condominium. She also offered to resign as chairperson and council member at
the next council meeting and added that she would not be a candidate for
council elections at the second AGM, regardless of whether SCMS succeeded in
their bid to manage the condominium.

7 On 15 May 2002, there was a meeting of council members, at which Jessie
declared her interest in SCMS. However, Premas advised that this was not a
valid council meeting because notice of the meeting and the agenda had not
been circulated beforehand. Consequently, another council meeting was called
to allow Jessie to formally declare her interest in SCMS. At the material
time, the MC was making a claim against Liang Court, the developers of the
condominium, and some council members felt that as Jessie was handling the
claim quite well, she should declare her interest in SCMS and not step down.

8  For reasons best known to themselves, the relationship between Jessie and
some of the other council members deteriorated thereafter. One bone of
contention was whether or not Jessie had acted appropriately when she wrote in
her capacity as chairman of the council to inform the Commissioner of
Buildings on 31 May 2002 of her interest in SCMS. Some council members felt
that as it had been already agreed at a council meeting that Premas should
write to the Commissioner of Buildings about Jessie’s declaration of interest,
she should not have written the letter herself. The hitherto friendly
relations between Jessie and some of the other council members took a turn for
the worse at a subsequent council meeting on 12 June 2002. Jessie claimed that
CTS shouted at her and at Janet and refused to allow them to speak. She and
Janet walked out and resigned as chairperson and secretary of the council
respectively on 17 June 2002.

9 At the second AGM of the MC on 27 July 2002, the incoming council was
authorised to appoint a new managing agent. SCMS were not awarded the
management contract by the incoming council.

10 On 18 October 2002, the fourth to seventh appellants instituted legal
proceedings against Janet in the High Court for defamation. In the meantime,
Jessie was rather unhappy that newspaper reports concerning problems at the
People’s Park Centre, which was then managed by SCMS, were circulated to
subsidiary proprietors at the condominium. She alleged that the third to fifth
appellants circulated these newspaper reports to discredit her.

11 Some three months later, on 13 January 2003, the fourth appellant, CTS, in
his capacity as secretary of the council, filed a complaint against Jessie in
the subordinate courts. This resulted in the issuance of a private summons
against her in January 2003. In his complaint under s 133(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), CTS contended that Jessie’s conduct in
relation to the tender for the provision of management services to the
condominium smacked of corruption and/or malpractice and/or abuse of her
position as chairperson of the council. He claimed that there were sufficient
grounds for proceeding against her for contravening ss 66(1) and 67(2) of the
Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed), which will be referred to in
greater detail later on (at [15]).

12 Jessie had no doubt that the allegations in the complaint were frivolous,
vexatious and malicious and she objected to the council’s use of management
corporation funds for the purpose of smearing her character. Consequently, she
filed Originating Summons No 230 of 2003, in which she sought an order to
restrain CTS from proceeding with the complaint as well as an order to the
effect that he was not to use the MC’s funds to pay for his solicitors’ fees.
Jessie did not obtain the orders sought because Woo J took the view that the
complaint in question had not been made by CTS personally but by him on behalf
of the MC.

13 Jessie’s solicitors then wrote to the MC’s solicitors on 17 April 2003 to
find out whether or not the MC intended to proceed with the private summons.
On 5 May 2003, the MC’s solicitors replied that all the seven council members
had unanimously agreed to proceed with the private summons. As a result,
Jessie filed Originating Summons No 757 of 2003 to obtain an order to restrain
the MC from prosecuting or proceeding with the complaint. She also brought the
remaining appellants into the picture because she wanted them to be personally
liable for the costs of her originating summons as well as the costs of the
private summons. On this occasion, Woo J granted the order to so restrain the
MC and an order to stay the private summons permanently. The appellants
appealed against his decision.

**The appeal**

14 During the appeal, it was conceded, and rightly so, that the High Court has
the jurisdiction to order a stay of further proceedings in the private
summons. In _Regina v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 at 455, Lord Scarman reiterated that
every court is duty bound to protect itself against an abuse of its process.
Indeed, if a failure to do so results in oppression and injustice, public
confidence in the judicial process will be undermined. In _Williams v Spautz_
(1992) 174 CLR 509, a decision of the High Court of Australia, Mason CJ,
Dawson, Toohey and McHugh JJ said at 518:

It is well established that Australian superior courts have inherent
jurisdiction to stay proceedings which are an abuse of process. The existence
of that jurisdiction has long been recognized by the House of Lords. The
jurisdiction extends to both civil and criminal proceedings. As Lord Morris of
Borth-y-Gest observed in _Connelly v Director of Public Prosecutions_ :

[A] court which is endowed with a particular jurisdiction has powers which are
necessary to enable it to act effectively within such jurisdiction. … A court
must enjoy such powers in order to enforce its rules of practice and to
suppress any abuses of its process and to defeat any attempted thwarting of
its process.

15 While the High Court may stay proceedings which are an abuse of its
process, such an order should only be made if there is very clear evidence of
such abuse. In the present case, the essence of the complaint lodged by the
fourth appellant, CTS, on behalf of the MC, was that there were sufficient
grounds for proceeding against Jessie for contravening ss 66(1) and 67(2) of
the Land Titles (Strata) Act. Section 66(1) of the Act provides as follows:

Subject to this section, every member of a council who is in any way, directly
or indirectly, interested in a contract or proposed contract with the
management corporation shall as soon as practicable after the relevant facts
have come to his knowledge declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of
the council.

Section 67(2) states:

A member of a council … shall not use his position as a member of the council
… to gain, directly or indirectly, an advantage for himself or for any other
person or to cause detriment to the management corporation.

16 It is quite obvious that CTS had no cause whatsoever to lodge the complaint
which led to the private summons against Jessie. Woo J rightly pointed out
that it was not open to the MC to make the complaint that Jessie had breached
ss 66(1) and 67(2) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act because all parties
concerned had acted on the basis that Jessie had complied with the
requirements of the Land Titles (Strata) Act and SCMS had even been encouraged
to tender for the management contract in question. He summed up the position
in his judgment as follows:

71 The allegations about [Jessie’s] tactics were all matters within [CTS’s]
knowledge and of other Council members then. … The issue was whether the
Council could subsequently complain about them especially when SCMS had been
encouraged to continue with its tender and, moreover, all the parties had
acted on the basis that [Jessie] had complied with the Act. In my view, it was
not open to the Council to make the Complaint belatedly. In that sense, the
Council had no basis or foundation for making the Complaint.

72 It seemed to me that the real reason why the Complaint was made was not
because the Council had discovered something within the condominium’s affairs
which [Jessie] had hidden from them. The real reason was that [Jessie’s]
relationship with the Existing Council Members had become acrimonious …

17 The history of Jessie’s dealings with the council members provides ample
evidence that she declared her interest in SCMS on innumerable occasions.
Apart from declaring her interest in SCMS at a meeting of the council, which
was duly recorded in the minutes of the meeting, she did so in various e-mails
to her fellow council members. There is unchallenged evidence that the other
council members were fully aware of her interest at the material time. To
begin with, in a letter dated 30 May 2002 to Premas, which was copied to all
council members, CTS stated as follows:

_HARBOURLIGHT COUNCIL MEETING HELD ON 29 MAY 2002_

I refer to the above meeting.

This is to thank you for your attendance at the above meeting during which you
have enlightened us on the various points raised relating to the issue of the
chairperson’s tender for [managing agent] services ...

For good order sake, I shall be grateful if you would please ensure that the
following are recorded in accordance with your advice:

I) _That the chairperson’s declaration under section 66(1) LSTA made at the
above meeting was and will continue to be valid_.

II) That consequent to the declaration of the chairperson … Council members
are now qualified to short list the tenders for [managing agent] services
which include the tender from the chairperson’s company.

Following the above declarations … you have kindly agreed to reply, on our
behalf, to the BCA, _with emphasis that the members of the Council including
the chairperson have complied to the letter of the law outlined under section
66(1) LSTA._ And the chairperson will not participate in the short listing of
the tenders.

[emphasis added]

18 Equally telling is an e-mail from CTS, which was quoted by the sixth
appellant, Wong Oong Kwong, in the latter’s e-mail to Jessie and other council
members, which was as follows:

Below is Mr Chan Tian Soo’s e-mail (highlighted in blue)

Dear Jessie Lim, Chairperson (MCST 2285):

I refer to your faxed letter dated 20 May 2002 inviting us for comments. …

It is … regrettable that statutory requirement makes it impossible for you to
carry on as chairperson should your company be selected as [managing agent]
for Harbourlights Condo. In any event, I sincerely hope that your company is
successful in the tender exercise.

… On the question of finger pointing, I am always reminded by Prime Minister
Goh Chok Tong’s remarks. He said, “Always stand by the Law and you will never
go wrong”. Indeed, we Council members spared no effort to comply with the
LSTA. I believe we have achieved it to the Letter of the Law and hence we
should not fear any finger pointing.

19 Finally, it ought to be noted that apart from informing her fellow council
members, Jessie also took it upon herself to inform the Commissioner of
Buildings on 31 May 2002 that she was a director and shareholder of SCMS,
which was tendering for the contract to provide management services for the
condominium, and that she had declared her interest at a meeting of the
council on 29 May 2002.

20 As the appellants had no basis for complaining that Jessie had not declared
her interest at the material time, they should not be allowed to proceed with
the private summons, which lacked a proper foundation and had been filed for
an improper purpose. Such an abuse of process cannot be countenanced. In
_Director of Public Prosecutions v Humphrys_ [1977] AC 1 at 46, Lord Salmon
issued a timely reminder that “[f]or a man to be harassed and put to the
expense of perhaps a long trial and then given an absolute discharge is hardly
… an effective substitute for the exercise by the court” of its inherent power
to prevent abuse of its process. We thus dismissed the appellants’ appeal with
costs.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

