Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sumitomo Corp Capital Asia Pte Ltd v Salim Anthony and Other Applications  
[2004] SGCA 38

Case Number | : | CA 50/2004 (NM 66/2004, 75/2004), CA 51/2004 (NM 65/2004, 74/2004), CA 53/2004 (NM 67/2004, 69/2004, 73/2004), CA 54/2004 (NM 68/2004, 70/2004, 76/2004)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lok Vi Ming, Ajinderpal Singh and Loh Kia Meng (Rodyk and Davidson) for Sumitomo Corporation Capital Asia Pte Ltd; Samuel Chacko (Colin Ng and Partners) for The Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co Ltd; Ang Cheng Hock and Edmund Eng (Allen and Gledhill) for Sakura Merchant Bank (S) Ltd, Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd, The Norinchukin Bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Singapore Branch and Dresdner Bank Aktiengesellschaft; Kabir Singh and Shivani Retnam (Drew and Napier LLC) for Anthony Salim and PT Sulfindo Adiusaha   
Parties | : |  Sumitomo Corp Capital Asia Pte Ltd — Salim Anthony   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court of appeal – Single judge Court of Appeal –
Applications to adduce further evidence at substantive appeals – Applications
by multiple appellants to file single case and core bundle at substantive
appeals – Scope of court's power to make incidental direction not involving
decision of appeal – Section 36(1) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed)  
  

3 September 2004

Andrew Ang JC:

1 There were ten Notices of Motion before me (sitting as a single judge Court
of Appeal) under s 36(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed) (“the Act”), in connection with four appeals to the Court of Appeal –
Civil Appeals Nos 50, 51, 53 and 54 of 2004. Six of these Notices of Motion
were filed on behalf of the appellants (the defendants in Originating
Summonses Nos 1368 and 1566 of 2003). The remaining four Notices of Motion
were filed on behalf of the respondents (the plaintiffs in the two originating
summonses mentioned above).

2 Each of the six Notices of Motion filed on behalf of the appellants sought
orders:

(a) that the appellant be at liberty, upon the hearing of the appeal, to
adduce additional evidence by way of certain identified affidavit(s); and

(b) that the appellant be at liberty to file a single case and a single core
bundle for the appeals.

Each of the four Notices of Motion filed on behalf of the respondents sought
an order that the respondent be at liberty, upon the hearing of the appeal, to
adduce additional evidence by way of certain identified affidavit(s).

3 Section 36(1) of the Act provides as follows:

In any proceeding pending before the Court of Appeal, any direction incidental
thereto not involving the decision of the appeal, any interim order to prevent
prejudice to the claims of parties pending the appeal, and any order for
security for costs and for the dismissal of an appeal for default in
furnishing security so ordered, may at any time be made by a Judge.

The provision contemplates three types of directions or orders which a single
judge sitting as the Court of Appeal may properly make:

(a) any incidental direction not involving the decision of the appeal;

(b) any interim order to prevent prejudice; and

(c) any order for security for costs of the appeal and the consequential order
for dismissal of an appeal for default.

I had no difficulty in granting the appellants’ applications for an order that
they be at liberty to file a single case and a single core bundle for the
appeals as that clearly came within the first limb.

4 Greater difficulty was encountered in regard to the adduction of additional
evidence. While it was clear that the second and third limbs were
inapplicable, the question was whether an order granting liberty to adduce
further evidence fell within the first as being a “direction incidental
thereto not involving the decision of the appeal”. There appears to be no
direct authority on the point. The editors of _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003 Ed) at para 57/1/3, are of the view that
applications to adduce further evidence fall within s 36(1) of the Act. They
state:

6\. Applications — There may be incidental applications in connection with an
appeal, most of which are heard by a single Judge of Appeal (see _Bank of
India v Rai Bahadur Singh & Anor_ [1993] 2 SLR 592). Some of these situations
include an application for leave to appeal (under O 57, r 16(2)), an
application to obtain further security for costs (see O 23), an application
for a stay of execution (under O 57, r 15), _to adduce further evidence (under
O 57, r 13(2)),_ and for an extension of time (under O 57 r 17). See generally
O 57, r 16 and paras 57/16/2 and 57/16/4 below. [emphasis added]

However, they cite no authority in support. Indeed, counsel for the appellants
and the respondents have not been able to find any. Nor have they been able to
find any reported decision where a single judge sitting as the Court of Appeal
decided on an application to adduce fresh evidence. In contrast, the cases
discovered all concern applications to adduce further evidence heard by the
full Court of Appeal.

5 In _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_
[2003] 2 SLR 353, the full Court of Appeal stated at [23] that they were
inclined to take a wider view of the first limb as they regarded it as a
facilitative provision to assist the Court of Appeal. A similar view was taken
in the case of _Bank of India v Rai Bahadur Singh_ [1993] 2 SLR 592 where the
Court of Appeal (Judith Prakash JC (as she then was) sitting as a single
judge) held at [20] that:

The intent of legislature [in relation to s 36(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act] was to avoid burdening a three-judge court with interlocutory
applications relating to an appeal which could be more expeditiously and less
expensively disposed of before a single judge.

It follows that the court should be slow to hold that it lacks jurisdiction to
entertain applications lest legislative intention be defeated.

6 I now turn to examine more closely the wording of the first limb. So far as
the word “direction” is concerned, I do not think there was any intention on
the part of the legislature to use it in a sense different from “order”. As
Lord Merriman P opined in _Benson v Benson_ [1941] 2 All ER 335 at 341:

Counsel for the petitioner has directed my attention to the OXFORD ENGLISH
DICTIONARY, from which it is quite clear, as I should myself have supposed,
that in certain contexts “order” and “direction” are interchangeable terms. A
“direction” is said to be “an order to be carried out,” and “order,” for
example, so far as the Supreme Court is concerned, is said to be “a direction
other than final judgment,” and I should find it very difficult indeed, for
the purposes of this Act, to draw any sensible distinction between a direction
of the Board of Control that the statutory maximum period should be enlarged
and an order to the same effect.

7 The word “incidental” is defined in _The New Shorter Oxford English
Dictionary_ , vol 1, (Oxford University Press, 1993 Ed) as “something casual
or of secondary importance; not directly relevant to …”. A direction which
disposed of an appeal would therefore not be “incidental”.

8 The Court of Appeal in the _Roberto_ case (see [5] _supra_) stated at [10]
that:

By qualifying the expression “direction incidental thereto” with the phrase
“not involving the decision of the appeal” the legislature must have intended
that any direction, so long as it does not involve the disposal of the appeal
may be made by the single judge.

I respectfully agree. It is for the full court to decide the appeal. However,
I wonder why the legislature found it necessary to add this qualifying phrase
when the word “incidental” would already have sufficed. As pointed out
earlier, a direction which disposed of an appeal would certainly not be
“incidental”. In my view, the answer is to be found in the meaning of the word
“involving”.

9 The word “involve”, as defined in _The New Shorter Oxford English
Dictionary_ (see [7] _supra_), could mean “include as essential; imply, call
for, entail”. However, the word “involve” is also defined in the same
dictionary as synonymous with “affect”. Using the word in this latter sense,
“not involving the decision of the appeal” becomes “not _affecting_ the
decision of the appeal”. Construed thus, the phrase would not be superfluous
and would sit comfortably with the word “incidental”. Thus, in order to fall
within the first limb, not only must the direction be casual or of secondary
importance, but it must also not _affect_ the decision of the appeal.

10 As laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 3 All ER 745, the second of three
conditions to be satisfied for the adduction of fresh evidence is that the
evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, although it need not be decisive. If the
evidence satisfies this condition, it follows that it would probably affect
the decision of the appeal. Accordingly, a direction or order giving liberty
to adduce further evidence at the appeal would fail to qualify as an
“incidental direction not involving the decision of the appeal”.

11 This probably explains why, in practice, the Registry of the Supreme Court
normally fixes such applications before the full Court of Appeal. Two other
practical considerations occurred to me. First, under s 36(3) of the Act, any
order made by a single judge pursuant to s 36(1) may be discharged or varied
by the full Court of Appeal. On a matter as critical to the parties as the
adduction of fresh evidence, the likelihood of an application being made to
the full Court of Appeal for review of the single judge’s decision had to be
high. In that event, the full Court of Appeal would be re-considering the same
question. That would defeat the purpose of having a single judge hear it in
the first place.

12 Second, in view of the uncertainty, the parties would still have to prepare
their cases in the alternative, one on the basis that the additional evidence
was adduced and the other, without the same. A direction by the single judge
would not have settled the question (especially in the instant appeals where
both sides sought to adduce further evidence). Therefore, no advantage would
be obtained by making such an application before a single judge.

13 For the above reasons, I ruled that I had no jurisdiction to hear the
applications for the adduction of fresh evidence and directed that they be
adjourned to be heard before the full Court of Appeal. At the request of the
parties, I also directed that affidavits in reply in respect of each Notice of
Motion be filed by the respective respondents by 17 September 2004. Costs were
reserved to the Court of Appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

