Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Chew Seow Leng  
[2004] SGHC 227

Case Number | : | CC 28/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nor'ashikin Samdin, Woo Ka Wai, Abigail E Ng and Han Ming Kuang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; R S Bajwa (Bajwa and Co) and Mahmood Gaznavi (Mahmood Gaznavi and Partners) (assigned) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Chew Seow Leng   
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Whether mandatory death
penalty violates equal protection under Constitution – Article 12 Constitution
of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed), Section 7 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2001 Rev Ed).  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Accused
found to be in possession of 226.57g of diamorphine and drug trafficking
paraphernalia – Presumption of trafficking – Whether presumption rebutted –
Sections 5(1)(a), 5(2), 17(c) and 33 Misuse of Drugs Act (Chapter 185, 2001
Rev Ed).  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Alteration – Alteration by court
to reflect its finding that more than 15g of drugs found in accused's
possession were for the purpose of trafficking.  
  
Evidence – Custody of drug exhibits handed over from one investigating officer
to another before being sent for analysis – Whether there were gaps in chain
of evidence.  
  

8 October 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The accused was convicted on the following amended charge:

You, Chew Seow Leng, Male/43 years, NRIC No S1510659Z

are charged that you, on or about the 7th day of January 2004 between 11.45 am
and 12.05 pm, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A of the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 (“the Act”) by having
in your possession,

(i) 4 packets of granular substance containing not less than 149.1 grams of
diamorphine in a taxi bearing registration number SHA 3884X along Puay Hee
Avenue, Singapore; and

(ii) a total of ten (10) packets, two (2) straws and one (1) container of
granular substance containing not less than 77.47 grams of diamorphine at No 2
Topaz Road #03-01, Topaz Mansion, Singapore,

_totalling 226.57 grams of diamorphine, of which more than 15 grams of
diamorphine are_ for the purpose of trafficking, without any authorisation
under the Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Act
and punishable under section 33 of the Act.

The words in italics were inserted by the court at the conclusion of the
evidence. The amended charge was read to the accused who maintained his plea
of not guilty.

**The Prosecution’s case**

2 The Prosecution and the Defence agreed on the matters set out in a Statement
of Agreed Facts. The Statement reads:

**Statement of Agreed Facts**

1 On 7 Jan 2004, acting on information received, a party of CNB officers were
deployed to look for the accused at the vicinity of Block 115 Yishun Ring
Road. When they were at the vicinity, they saw a taxi SHA 7670 going into the
carpark leading to Blocks 110 to 115 Yishun Ring Road with a passenger at the
rear seat. The taxi was thereafter seen leaving the carpark of Blk 115 Yishun
Ring Road without the passenger inside.

2 At about 10.15 am, the CNB officers spotted the accused standing behind Blk
115 Yishun Ring Road and using his mobile phone. The accused was at that time
seen holding a red paper bag. He thereafter walked to the exercise corner near
Blk 115 and sat down on a wooden chair.

3 At about 10.45 am, the accused was spotted walking to the void deck of Blk
115 carrying the red paper bag. He was then seen walking along the void deck
of Blk 115 towards Blk 110 carrying a yellow paper bag in addition to the red
bag. He then proceeded towards Blk 110 Yishun Ring Road and entered a
provision shop there.

4 After a while, he emerged from the provision shop holding the red paper bag,
the yellow paper bag and an additional white plastic bag. He was then seen
standing along Yishun Ring Road waiting for a taxi. At about 11.10 am, the
accused person boarded taxi SHA 3884 X which travelled along Yishun Ring Road,
Yishun Avenue 2, Lentor Avenue and from there, entered the Central Expressway
(“CTE”).

5 The CNB officers trailed the accused in the taxi SHA 3884 X. Subsequently,
they received instructions to intercept the said taxi, and did so at the first
available opportunity, when the taxi exited the CTE at about 11.30 am, long
Upper Serangoon Road near Woodsville Close.

6 The accused was arrested while seated in the rear of the taxi. At the time
of the arrest, the red paper bag (containing the yellow paper bag) and the
white plastic bag were found beside the accused person. The CNB officers then
escorted the accused in the taxi SHA 3884X to Puay Hee Avenue.

7 At Puay Hee Avenue in the taxi SHA 3884X, Senior Station Inspector Siew Lai
Lone recorded a statement from the accused, in which the accused admitted
ownership of red paper bag and confirmed that he was told that it contained 4
pounds of heroin. The accused also informed SSI Siew that he was residing at
No 2 Topaz Road #03-01 Topaz Mansion.

8 At about 11.45 am, another party of CNB officers led by SSgt Tony Ng Sze
Chiang arrived at Puay Hee Avenue to take over the custody of the accused and
the following exhibits that were seized during the arrest:

a. the red paper bag (containing the yellow paper bag),

b. the white plastic bag and

c. the accused’s handphone.

9 The red paper bag (containing the yellow paper bag) seized during the
accused person’s arrest was found to contain:

(a) A bundle wrapped in plastic, containing two packets of yellowish granular
substance.

(b) A yellow paper bag containing a bundle wrapped in plastic. Two packets of
yellowish granular substance were found in this bundle.

10 Upon the exhibits being sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for
analysis, it was ascertained that the four packets of yellowish granular
substance together contained not less than **149.1 grams of diamorphine**.

11 After this party of CNB officers took over custody of the accused and the
drug exhibits, they brought the accused to his rented apartment at No 2 Topaz
Road #03-01 Topaz Mansion (“Topaz apartment”). They arrived at the Topaz
apartment at about 12.05 pm and discovered that two male Chinese persons were
present in the Topaz apartment. The two male Chinese were then placed under
arrest and they were established to be Boo Hang Guang and Tan Ah Leng.

12 The accused person then led the CNB officers to various places in the
master bedroom and the master bedroom toilet where various drugs exhibits and
drug paraphernalia were recovered as follows:

(a) _From under the side table of the bed_ :

i. One pink plastic bag with the words “Miss Saigon” printed on it, containing
two bundles wrapped in plastic. The bundles contained two packets of yellowish
granular substance marked collectively as “**CSL-2** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it
was ascertained that the substance contained not less than **72.99 grams of
diamorphine**.

ii. One red plastic bag containing:

(a) One orange plastic bag containing 7 packets of yellowish granular
substance marked collectively as “**CSL-3** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it was
ascertained that the substance contained not less than **3.14 grams of
diamorphine**.

(b) One red plastic bag containing 1 packet of yellowish granular substance
marked “**CSL-4** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it was ascertained that the substance
contained not less than **0.52 grams of diamorphine**.

(c) One white plastic bag containing 2 straws of yellowish granular substance
marked collectively as “**CSL-5** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it was ascertained
that the substance contained **0.02 grams of diamorphine**. Also in this white
plastic bag was a “pocket” weighing scale with casing, a plastic bag and a
stack of empty plastic packets.

(d) One white plastic bag, containing a stack of empty plastic packets.

(b) _From the surface above the bed_ :

One black plastic bag containing 8 bottles of dark coloured liquid marked
collectively as “CSL-10”.

(c) _From the side table of the bed_ :

One plastic container containing 24 “Dormicum” tablets, 10 “Codipront” tablets
and 16 “Subutex” tablets marked collectively as “CSL-9”.

(d) _From the toilet basin_ :

(i) One container containing yellowish granular substance marked as “**CSL-6**
”. Upon HSA analysis, it was ascertained that the substance contained **0.53
gram of diamorphine**.

(ii) 2 stained straws and a piece of rolled up paper marked collectively as
“**CSL-8** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it was ascertained that the exhibits were
**stained with diamorphine**.

(iii) one pair of scissors.

(iv) one wooden stick.

(v) 2 lighters.

(e) _From the right side of the toilet basin_ :

(i) 2 pieces of rolled up paper marked collectively with other items as
“**CSL-8** ”. Upon HSA analysis, it was ascertained that the exhibits were
**stained with diamorphine**.

(ii) One pair of scissors.

(iii) One lighter.

(iv) 2 wooden sticks

(v) Pieces of cut aluminium foil.

(vi) One multi-purpose knife set.

(vii) One Styrofoam plate

(f) _From the extreme right drawer of the dressing table_ :

(i) One blue plastic bag containing:

(1) One packet of crystalline substance marked as “CSL-7”. Upon HSA analysis,
it was ascertained that the substance contained 1.62 grams of methamphetamine.

(2) One packet of coins.

(3) Five bunches of keys.

(g) _From the middle drawer of the dressing table_ :

(i) One pair of scissors.

(ii) 2 boxes of aluminium foil.

(h) _From underneath one of the drawers of the dressing table_ :

(i) One plastic bag containing:

(1) 2 small bundles of small empty packets.

(2) 1 blue plastic bag containing gloves.

13 Exhibits marked “CSL-2” to “CSL-8” were found in the Topaz apartment were
subsequently sent to the HSA for analysis and were found to contain a total of
not less than **77.47 grams of diamorphine**.

14 In total, the abovementioned drug exhibits recovered from the red paper bag
and the Topaz apartment contained not less than **149.1 grams of diamorphine
and 77.47 grams of diamorphine** respectively. The accused admits ownership of
all the drug exhibits.

[emphasis in original]

3 The accused did not challenge any of the statements made by him in the
course of investigations on the ground of voluntariness. In the statement
recorded by Senior Station Inspector Siew Sai Lone (“SSI Siew”) at Puay Hee
Avenue, the accused admitted that there were four pounds of heroin in the red
paper bag and said that he had taken the heroin from one Lau Tee at the void
deck of Block 122 Yishun Ring Road. He paid Lau Tee $30,000 for it. He also
admitted that that occasion was the second time he had taken heroin from Lau
Tee. The first transaction also took place at the same location. SSI Siew, a
CNB officer since 1978, testified that he did not notice the accused
exhibiting drug withdrawal symptoms such as shivering, a runny nose or
yawning.

4 In another statement recorded that day at about 12.15pm in the apartment in
Topaz Mansion by Senior Staff Sergeant Tony Ng (“SSG Ng”), the accused
admitted again that there were four pounds of heroin in the red paper bag and
that he had obtained them from Lao Di in Yishun. He said he paid Lao Di
$30,000 for the heroin. The apartment was rented by the accused. He maintained
that the two men arrested by the CNB officers in the apartment had nothing to
do with the drugs found therein. He explained that the two men went to the
apartment occasionally to consume heroin and spent the night there in the
other bedroom. SSG Tony Ng said the accused appeared normal when he was
recording his statement. The accused did not appear to be suffering from drug
withdrawal symptoms and he did not complain that he was.

5 SSG Ng took custody of the drugs at Puay Hee Avenue and brought them to the
apartment in Topaz Mansion. He also took custody of the exhibits seized in the
apartment. He handed over everything to the investigating officer, Assistant
Superintendent of Police Goh Boon Pin (“ASP Goh”), when ASP Goh arrived at the
apartment later, after informing him of the various locations the exhibits
were found in. Subsequently, he witnessed ASP Goh weighing the drugs back in
the CNB office.

6 ASP Goh testified that in addition to the items listed above, two stacks of
Singapore currency notes amounting to $6,600 were also found. There were more
than 3,000 empty, small plastic packets among the exhibits. After directing
the taking of photographs of the scene and the exhibits, ASP Goh took custody
of all the exhibits, including the drugs seized in the taxi earlier, placed
them into individual plastic bags with labels and then put all the plastic
bags into a large plastic bag. He brought all these back to the CNB office for
safekeeping in his safe and his cabinet. He locked the safe and the cabinet.
He did not keep the exhibits in the CNB store as it closed at 6.00pm and he
would not have been able to bring them out to weigh in the accused’s presence
that evening.

7 Later that evening, he took out the drug exhibits and weighed them in the
presence of the accused. He then returned the drug exhibits to the safe and
the cabinet and locked them. Next, he instructed that the accused be brought
to Alexandra Hospital for a pre-statement medical examination.

8 ASP Goh, who has seven years’ experience as a CNB officer, added that one
pound of heroin could be repacked into 60 8g packets. Around 20 2cm straws
could be made from each 8g packet. The market price in January 2004 was $8,000
to $10,000 per pound of heroin while the street value was $400 to $600 per 8g
packet. One pound of heroin repacked into sixty 8g packets could therefore
potentially reap in $24,000 to $36,000. The purity of the heroin found in the
taxi was more than 8% while the purity of that found in the apartment was
slightly less than 8%. As heroin was normally in packets of between 1% and 3%
purity, the heroin here was therefore of a good quality.

9 Dr Choong Yih Li examined the accused at Alexandra Hospital at 10.50pm on 7
January 2004. He observed that the accused appeared slightly drowsy and was
yawning persistently. The accused had tearing in both eyes and was shivering
despite wearing a T-shirt and warm sweater. His gait was also unsteady. The
doctor referred the accused to Changi Prison Hospital (“CPH”) for observation
as he appeared to be suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms. The doctor was
not able to comment on the severity of the withdrawal suffered by the accused.

10 The accused was warded at CPH after midnight. Peter Ho, a staff nurse,
testified orally that he observed the accused and took down his medical
history. He noted that the accused was yawning frequently and had an unsteady
gait. The accused claimed that he had a runny nose, diarrhoea, nausea, body
ache and pain but had no vomiting or gastric pain. There were goose pimples on
both his upper arms and upper body. There was also mild trembling in both
upper limbs. He was having a fever. The accused claimed that he consumed a
“very small amount” of heroin at around 10.00am on 7 January 2004.

11 At about 7.00am on 8 January 2004, Peter Ho observed the accused while
making his rounds before handing over duty. The accused was sleeping.

12 Dr Mohd Emran Mamat (“Dr Emran”), a medical officer at CPH, saw the accused
on 8, 9 and 10 January 2004. He noted that the accused “exhibited signs and
symptoms of mild drug withdrawal”. He based this finding on the notes made by
the staff nurse. When the doctor examined the accused at 10.00am on 8 January
2004, most of the symptoms noted had subsided save for the accused’s claim
about having diarrhoea. He spoke to the accused in English. The accused did
not appear to have difficulty understanding the doctor. The doctor recorded
that the accused said he smoked about one packet of heroin a day for the past
two months and consumed three straws of heroin at about 10.00am on 7 January
2004. Over the next two days, the accused was alert and said he felt better.
He was discharged from CPH on 10 January 2004.

13 Dr Emran, who has been a prison medical officer with the Raffles Medical
Group for the last four years, has seen around 70 patients experiencing drug
withdrawal symptoms. He explained that there were three categories of drug
withdrawal. A mild withdrawal would occur within six to 12 hours after the
last consumption of drugs, manifesting itself as flu-like symptoms such as a
runny nose, fever, chill and body ache. A moderate withdrawal would involve
hot or cold flushes, profuse perspiration, muscular spasms, increased
sensitivity to pain, abdominal cramps and severe diarrhoea. When the symptoms
became intolerable, the patient would be having a severe withdrawal and
medical intervention would be required. Usually, the major withdrawal symptoms
would manifest themselves between 48 and 72 hours after the last consumption
of drugs and might continue for seven to ten days. If the symptoms were
prolonged, medication would be given. None was dispensed in the case of the
accused.

14 Dr Emran said that there was a correlation between the symptoms and the
rate of consumption. The higher the consumption, the more severe the
withdrawal would be and the longer the time taken for the symptoms to subside.
If the accused had been taking one packet of heroin a day for the past two
months, he would expect the symptoms to be at the moderate level, _ie_ , worse
than what he exhibited. However, he was not able to say what the accused’s
rate of consumption was.

15 Dr Emran testified under cross-examination that the accused’s symptoms
could be suggestive of a mild or a moderate withdrawal. The progression of the
symptoms had to be taken into account as well. He agreed that symptoms could
vary between different people. The purer the heroin, the more severe the
withdrawal would be. However, based on his experience and observations over
the three days the accused was in CPH, he stood by his opinion that the
withdrawal was a mild one. He opined that it was unlikely the accused had
consumed one packet of heroin a day.

16 While the accused was in CPH, on 8 January 2004 ASP Goh took out the
exhibits from his safe and his cabinet to mark them before sending them to the
Health Sciences Authority for analysis. After completing the marking, he
placed the exhibits back into the safe and the cabinet and locked them up.
Later that afternoon, he took out the exhibits again and brought them to the
CNB Press Conference Room for the purpose of a press release. After that, he
replaced the exhibits and locked them up.

17 On 9 January 2004, he took out the exhibits and sent them over to the
Health Sciences Authority.

18 At about 10.40am on 10 January 2004, ASP Goh was informed that the accused
would be discharged from CPH. He immediately arranged for the accused to
undergo a pre-statement medical examination at Alexandra Hospital. Dr Paul See
examined the accused at about 3.00pm. The accused did not complain that he was
suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms. When Dr Paul See saw the accused
again at 5.40pm for the post-statement medical examination, the accused also
did not say anything about being in withdrawal.

19 In statements made to ASP Goh, the accused said that the heroin found in
the taxi and in the apartment and the paraphernalia for consuming drugs
belonged to him and had nothing to do with the other two men. They were
friends whom he had met while in drug rehabilitation centres. They would go to
the rented apartment frequently to consume heroin. The accused provided them
the heroin free of charge but sometimes the two men would pay him some money.
They also bought food for him when they went to the apartment.

20 The accused, described in the statements as unemployed, said that in or
about October 2003, he decided to start selling heroin again as he owed about
$200,000 to loan sharks. He went to Geylang and was told by a friend that Lau
Di could supply heroin in large quantities. He subsequently met Lau Di and
asked him whether he could supply heroin in pounds to him. Lau Di said he
could help to check.

21 In early November 2003, the accused rented the apartment in question. The
landlord and the property agent testified that the rent was $1,200 per month
and that the accused handed over $2,400 for the first month’s rent and a
deposit of one month’s rent. He also paid $600 to the property agent as
commission. Around mid-December 2003, Lau Di called him on his mobile
telephone. Lau Di told the accused that the supply of heroin of between two to
four pounds would be arriving in a few days’ time. The agreed price was
$10,000 for one pound of heroin. A few days later, Lau Di called to say the
heroin had arrived. The accused took delivery of it at the Yishun public
housing estate. That transaction was about two weeks before his arrest. The
heroin found in the apartment on 7 January 2004 was the remainder of the four
pounds received on the first occasion. The accused stated that he repacked one
pound of heroin into about 56 smaller packets of about 7.5g each and used a
lighter to seal them. He sold each packet for $300. He also consumed heroin
whenever he wanted to. He would take the heroin from the small packets. He
consumed about one packet a day.

22 One of the two men arrested in the apartment on 7 January 2004, Boo Hang
Guang (“Boo”), testified that a friend informed him in November 2003 that the
accused wanted to contact him. When he called the accused, the accused asked
Boo whether he wanted to consume heroin. The accused arranged to meet him. He
brought Boo to the apartment in Topaz Mansion and took out a straw of heroin
which they then consumed together.

23 After that incident, Boo went to the apartment around once a week on seven
or eight occasions and slept over two or three times. On all those occasions,
the accused offered him straws of heroin free of charge. Boo wanted to pay for
the heroin but the accused declined the payment. Boo therefore brought him
food when Boo visited the apartment. Boo met the other man, Tan Ah Leng, in
the apartment on two or three occasions.

24 At around 8.00am on 7 January 2004, Boo called the accused to ask whether
he had any heroin. When the accused said he had, Boo went to the apartment. He
saw Tan Ah Leng sleeping in the second bedroom (the master bedroom was
occupied by the accused). The accused handed Boo a straw of heroin to consume.
However, Boo also said he consumed two to three straws of heroin that morning.
At about 10.00am, the accused told Boo he was going out for a while. At around
noontime, the accused returned, escorted by the CNB officers. Boo did not know
the accused had so much heroin in the master bedroom. Whenever he went to the
apartment, the accused was there and the door of the master bedroom was open.
However, it was closed that morning when the accused left the apartment.

25 Boo said that his average consumption was one or two straws of heroin a
day. When he was at the apartment, he and the accused would consume heroin at
any time of the day. He suffered from withdrawal symptoms for about three
weeks after 7 January 2004. He is currently serving sentence for the offence
of consumption of heroin.

26 Tan Ah Leng has known the accused since 1988. In October or November 2003,
he contacted the accused and asked him whether he had any place for him to
stay. The answer was in the negative. However, in late November, the accused
told him he could sleep over on a few nights in the accused’s rented
apartment.

27 Tan Ah Leng stayed in the apartment on seven or eight occasions. He saw the
accused consuming heroin in the toilet of the master bedroom and asked him for
some heroin. The accused gave him some without charge. Tan Ah Leng consumed
about one straw of heroin a day or three to four per week.

28 On 6 January 2004, he went to the accused’s apartment and saw the accused
sitting on the toilet bowl of the master bedroom consuming heroin. He joined
the accused in the toilet to consume heroin. Before Tan Ah Leng went back to
the other bedroom to rest, he asked the accused to give him more heroin. When
the accused asked him to help himself to some, he filled two empty straws with
heroin from a small container and then went to the other bedroom where he
consumed some of the heroin from one of the straws. He then went to sleep. The
next day, he was awakened when the CNB officers went to the apartment with the
accused. He is currently serving sentence for the offences of possession and
consumption of heroin.

29 Tan Ah Leng said in cross-examination that he considered the accused a
heavier consumer of heroin than himself because the accused was consuming
heroin whenever he went to the apartment.

30 Dr Ann Young, an analyst with the Health Sciences Authority, conducted an
analysis of a urine sample taken from the accused on the day of his arrest.
She found that the sample contained 16.5 micrograms of morphine per millilitre
of urine which she said was a moderate amount. Another test done by another
analyst on another urine sample showed 2.4 micrograms of morphine per
millilitre of urine. Dr Ann Young said that there was no correlation between
the amount of morphine in urine samples with the amount consumed because urine
was a very unstable substance. The provider of the samples could have drunk
varying amounts of water, perspired or gone to the toilet many times. Asked to
comment on the discrepancies in the results of the two samples, she surmised
that the samples could have been collected at different times or some water
could have been left in the bottles after washing.

31 Dr Rasaiah Munidasa Winslow, a senior consultant psychiatrist at the
Institute of Mental Health, was called by the prosecution to testify orally
about various aspects of drug withdrawal. He specialises in addiction
medicine, which includes heroin abuse, and has been treating heroin addicts
since 1992. Currently, he sees about a hundred such patients yearly.

32 Dr Winslow gave some guidance on the classification of the severity of
addiction. Mild addiction would result from the taking of one to two straws of
heroin a day, moderate addiction three to five straws a day and severe
addiction six or more a day.

33 There are more than 20 different symptoms of heroin withdrawal. The
symptoms vary depending on the severity of withdrawal. A mild case of
withdrawal would include symptoms such as fatigue, yawning, some restlessness
and tiredness, and sometimes goose bumps. The symptoms generally peak between
12 and 36 hours and disappear within 48 and 72 hours. The addict should be
able to sleep unless he has also been abusing other substances like sleeping
tablets. A moderate case would include the whole spectrum of symptoms, judged
by when the onset of symptoms begins, how severe they are and how long they
last. In the first few days, there is difficulty in sleeping. The symptoms
peak between 24 and 48 hours and can last for four to five days. The most
severe cases of withdrawal last five to ten days and involve symptoms like
nausea, vomiting, restlessness, severe pain, diarrhoea and an inability to
sleep well. The symptoms peak about 72 hours after the cessation of
consumption.

34 Dr Winslow stated that the heavier the usage of drugs, the more rapid the
onset of symptoms after cessation and the longer the symptoms last. There are,
of course, some deviations from the norm. Looking at the notes of the medical
examination of the accused at Alexandra Hospital on 7 January 2004, Dr Winslow
was of the view that he could have been at any stage of withdrawal although
the likelihood was that it was a case of mild to moderate withdrawal. Perusing
the medical history taken at CPH, he agreed with Dr Emran’s assessment of the
accused’s case as one of mild withdrawal. He was also of the view that if the
accused had been consuming one packet of heroin a day in the two months before
his arrest, his symptoms would appear unusually mild. Since his symptoms had
subsided by 9 January 2004, taking into account the overall picture, it was
probably a case of mild withdrawal.

35 Dr Winslow said there was no direct correlation between the amount of
heroin consumed and the amount of morphine found in the urine. He could not
tell how much heroin the accused had consumed as there were occasional cases
of heavy users exhibiting mild withdrawal symptoms. Out of 100 patients that
he sees a year, at most 5% to 10% would not show the severity of symptoms
which was in line with the amount of heroin consumed.

**The case for the Defence**

36 At the close of the Prosecution’s case in the afternoon of 14 September
2004, the accused was called upon to make his defence to the charge. Defence
counsel requested that the proceedings be stood down to the next day for the
accused to reconsider his intention to remain silent.

37 The next day, after conferring with both his counsel, the accused elected
to remain silent and to call no witness to testify in his defence.

**The decision of the court**

38 The Prosecution relied on the following to prove its case:

(a) The presumption in s 17(c) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed):

(b) The statements given by the accused to SSI Siew Lai Lone, SSG Ng and ASP
Goh.

(c) The circumstantial evidence relating to the paraphernalia associated with
drug trafficking.

39 The Prosecution’s evidence proved that the accused was in possession of the
packets of the granular substance seized in the taxi and in the apartment in
Topaz Mansion. The accused admitted as much in his various statements.

40 The Defence criticised the investigators for not having proved the chain of
custody of the packets from arrest to analysis. However, I had no doubt that
SSG Ng did take custody of the packets in the taxi and that he did bring them
to the apartment where he handed them over to ASP Goh together with those
found in the apartment after the latter arrived at Topaz Mansion and completed
his investigations. No other drugs were seized before the CNB officers
intercepted the taxi or while on the way to Topaz Mansion. There was therefore
no issue of a mix-up somewhere along the way. Although SSG Ng could not recall
the time when he handed over the packets to ASP Goh and although he did not
record the handing over, I believed his testimony that the packets seized from
the taxi were with him all the time until they were handed over. Similarly,
there was no question of any mix-up where the packets found in the apartment
were concerned.

41 SSG Ng was also criticised by the Defence for having brought the packets
seized from “one crime scene to another” instead of bringing them back to the
CNB store for safekeeping. It was argued that, by doing so, he could have
caused a mix-up in the exhibits. As I have indicated above, I was satisfied
that there was no mix-up. In any event, even if there had been a mix-up, it
would have made no difference as the charge consolidated the drugs found in
both places.

42 Similarly, I believed ASP Goh’s testimony that he took over the exhibits
from SSG Ng and placed them into individual plastic bags before carting them
back to the CNB office. There is no requirement that a written acknowledgement
be given in respect of the handing over. ASP Goh has explained that he did not
keep the exhibits in the CNB store because he wanted to bring them out later
to weigh in the presence of the accused after the accused had gone through the
administrative procedures and had his urine samples taken. I see no fault in
that. When the drugs were weighed in the accused’s presence, there was no
indication from him that there could not have been so much. When his
statements under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
were recorded on 10 January 2004, he admitted that the drugs in the taxi and
in the apartment were his without qualifying the amount.

43 ASP Goh’s testimony that he took care that nothing else was in the safe and
in the cabinet when he placed the exhibits therein has not been discredited in
any way. He was the only one handling them and he ensured that the safe and
the cabinet were locked each time he put the exhibits back in. There is no
requirement that exhibits can only be taken out in the presence of accused
persons.

44 The Defence argued that ASP Goh had referred to the drugs as a yellowish
granular substance while the analyst from the Health Sciences Authority had
described those received by her as a granular or powdery substance without
specifying the colour. It asked whether there could have been a mix-up with
other drug exhibits from other cases. I do not see a material difference in
the two descriptions. Further, the analyst was cross-examined by the Defence
and she was not asked why she had omitted the colour of the exhibits.

45 I found no gaps in the chain of evidence relating to the drugs in question.
There was no doubt as to the identity of the drug exhibits. As the drugs
proved to be in the possession of the accused have been analysed and found to
contain a total of 226.57g of diamorphine, the presumption in s 17(c) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act applied. This presumption states that any person proved to
have had in his possession more than 2g of diamorphine shall be presumed to
have had that drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking unless it is
proved that his possession of that drug was not for that purpose. The burden
is therefore on the accused to rebut this presumption on a balance of
probabilities.

46 The Defence submitted that three points emerged from the accused’s
voluntary statements to ASP Goh. Firstly, he was consuming from the stock of
heroin in his possession in Topaz Mansion. Secondly, he consumed whenever he
wanted to do so. Thirdly, he consumed about 7.5g per day. It was argued that
it was clear from the evidence of the two friends arrested in the apartment on
7 January 2004 that the accused was a “severe addict” who consumed heroin
daily and at all times of the day. It was submitted that Dr Emran was not able
to ascertain the rate of consumption from the withdrawal symptoms manifested
by the accused. Similarly, while Dr Winslow said that there was a correlation
between the rate of consumption and the withdrawal symptoms in the sense that
a heavier user would experience a more rapid onset of symptoms and symptoms
that lasted longer, he accepted that there was a small number of heavy users
who might not exhibit severe withdrawal symptoms.

47 The Defence pointed out that Rajendran J in _PP v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_
[1996] 1 SLR 783 at 813, [125], doubted whether the position adopted by the
prosecution there that the severity of drug addiction could be determined by
reference to the severity of withdrawal was a sound one. That decision was
upheld by the Court of Appeal: see _PP v Dahalan bin Ladaewa_ [1995] SGCA 87.
Since the accused was a severe addict who needed to consume about 7.5g of
heroin a day, and considering the accused’s statement that he could not
contact the supplier and that it was the supplier who would contact him, it
was submitted that “it would be prudent to assume that the accused would want
to hold on to his drug supplies and not be in a hurry to sell them off”.

48 It was clear that the accused was trafficking in heroin. His statements and
the drug paraphernalia such as the weighing scale and the more than 3,000
empty plastic packets found in the apartment confirmed that fact. They
buttressed rather than rebutted the presumption of trafficking. The
Prosecution accepted that the accused was also a consumer of heroin. The
issue, as I understand it from the Defence, was how much heroin was meant for
trafficking and how much was meant for his consumption. In _Jusri bin Mohamed
Hussain v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 29, it was held that before any meaningful
apportionment of drugs for the purposes of consumption and of trafficking can
be made, there must be credible evidence that part of the drugs is meant for
self-consumption. There must also be credible evidence of the rate of
consumption as well as the number of days the supply is meant for. Credible
evidence, the court held, does not mean the mere say-so of the accused.

49 The accused relied only on his statement to the investigating officer for
the rate of his consumption and the fact that the heroin was from the stock
that he possessed. This fell short of the test laid down in _Jusri_ ’s case.
There was therefore no evidence upon which a meaningful apportionment could be
made of the heroin in his possession. On that ground alone, his defence
failed.

50 I will nevertheless deal with the contentions raised by the Defence on the
assumption that the rate of consumption was one packet of 7.5g a day. The
accused’s statement indicated that he collected four pounds of heroin two
weeks before his arrest on 7 January 2004. He accepted that the two pounds
found in the apartment were the remainder of the four pounds obtained earlier.
He said that each pound was repacked into approximately 56 smaller packets.
Two pounds would have yielded 112 smaller packets. Assuming he did consume one
packet per day for those 14 days, 98 smaller packets should have been left of
the other two pounds. Instead, there were only eight smaller packets, two
straws and a small container of heroin left. Even if these were regarded as
comprising ten smaller packets, 88 smaller packets were still unaccounted for.
The irresistible inference is that the accused trafficked in at least those 88
smaller packets. “Traffic”, as defined in s 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Act,
includes “give” and therefore any gift of heroin to his two friends in the
apartment would still be caught.

51 By the same token, the accused intended to and would have trafficked in
some 88 smaller packets out of the 112 that he could repack from the remaining
two pounds of heroin. He has chosen not to explain otherwise.

52 He would have done likewise with the four pounds of heroin that he was
carrying in the taxi to the apartment. That had to be the case. He was
unemployed. He owed money to loan sharks. He had to pay the supplier some
$30,000 for the four pounds of heroin he was carrying in the taxi. Since each
small packet of about 7.5g of heroin cost $300, he would have to sell at least
100 of such packets to raise $30,000. In addition, he had to pay the rent for
the apartment and meet his other daily expenses. To pay the rent of $1,200 per
month, he would have to sell at least four more of such packets every month.
It would also be entirely commonsensical to presume he would sell a few more
packets to meet his living expenses.

53 The minimum amount of heroin the accused had to sell for each batch of four
pounds was therefore more than 104 packets of 7.5g each. That would amount to
almost two pounds of heroin for trafficking. He had four pounds more on the
second transaction. Those would yield 224 smaller packets (4 x 56). He could
not have been hoarding for his own consumption more than seven months’ (_ie_ ,
224 days’) worth of supplies. The four pounds found in the taxi contained
149.1g of diamorphine. Even though the purity of the substance might not have
been entirely uniform in the four packets, two pounds would contain about 74g
of diamorphine. Although I accepted that he would consume some of the heroin,
there was no chance that he was trafficking in only 15g or less of
diamorphine, which would not attract the mandatory death penalty. I therefore
amended the charge to include the words highlighted, much along the same lines
as what was done in _Yeo Hee Seng v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 193.

54 In addition to its submissions on the facts of the case, the Defence also
contended that the mandatory death penalty provided in the Misuse of Drugs Act
offends Art 12 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed)
which stipulates that “[a]ll persons are equal before the law and entitled to
the equal protection of the law”. The arguments on this point followed most of
those canvassed in _PP v Nguyen Tuong Van_ [2004] 2 SLR 328. In that case, Kan
Ting Chiu J reasoned that the Defence there failed to establish that the
mandatory death sentence was unlawful for contravening the Constitution or
international law. The appeal against Kan J’s decision was heard before the
Court of Appeal in July this year and judgment has been reserved. I agree with
Kan J and adopt his reasoning in coming to the same conclusion in the present
case.

55 Accordingly, I found the accused guilty on the amended charge and convicted
him.

Accused convicted on amended charge and sentenced to death

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

