Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lu Yuan Sheng v Hitachi Credit Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 118

Case Number | : | Bankruptcy 143/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Vincent Leow AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Teo Guan Teck (Guan Teck & Lim) for the petitioning creditor; Solomon Richard (Solomon Richard & Co) for the judgment debtor   
Parties | : |  Lu Yuan Sheng — Hitachi Credit Singapore Pte Ltd   
  
4 June 2004

Assistant Registrar, Vincent Leow

1 In 2001, Lu Yuan Sheng (“the debtor”), a businessman operating as a sole
proprietor, entered into a lease agreement for a photocopier with Hitachi
Credit Singapore Pte Ltd (“the creditor”), a finance company. He defaulted in
making his monthly payments and the creditor brought an action against him in
the Subordinate Courts. A judgment was entered against him pursuant to an
Order 14 application in November 2003 (against which no appeal was lodged). He
failed to make payment and the creditor sought to issue a statutory demand
against him.

2 On 11 November 2003, the solicitor’s service clerk (“Ricky”), went to the
debtor’s business address (as provided by the debtor in an affidavit in the
earlier action in the Subordinate Courts) and upon arrival, was informed by a
female Chinese that she did not know the debtor and that the debtor was never
there. The next day, Mr Teo, the solicitor for the creditor, went to the same
address and found out that the business address was actually occupied by a
company which provided secretarial and mail forwarding services to the
debtor’s business.

3 On 13 November 2003, Mr Teo wrote to the debtor’s solicitors informing them
of his two unsuccessful attempts at personal service of the statutory demand
on their client and informed them that he intended to leave a copy of the
statutory demand at their client’s business address and his last known
residential address (it was not disputed that this was and still is the
debtor’s residential address) and he further enclosed a copy of the statutory
demand for the solicitors to forward to their client. On 14 November 2003,
Ricky went to the residential address of the debtor, but could not locate the
unit number. On his second visit on 17 November 2003, he found the unit and as
the debtor was not in, he posted the statutory demand on the front door.
Additionally, Ricky also went to the debtor’s business address on the same
day, but did not effect the posting as it was a secretarial office.

4 A bankruptcy petition was duly filed after the requisite 21 days necessary
to raise the presumption of insolvency under s 62(a)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Act
had passed. At the bankruptcy hearing, Mr Soloman, counsel for the debtor,
sought to set aside the statutory demand. He raised two points. First, he
disputed the sum claimed in the statutory demand and second, he contended that
service was bad.

Disputing the sum set out in the statutory demand

5 I had little hesitation in dismissing this point since the sum claimed was
based upon a judgment debt. Any attack on the merits of that decision must be
by way of an appeal and not via an application to set aside the statutory
demand.

Ineffective service – lack of knowledge

6 I then turned to consider Mr Solomon’s second point. He started his
arguments by contending that the substituted service was bad because the
debtor was hospitalised for dengue fever on 15 November 2003 and only
discharged on 17 November 2003. Further, the debtor did not immediately return
home, but instead stayed with a close friend. Additionally, he did not inform
his solicitor, who was thus unable to contact him. As such, the debtor was
completely unaware of the statutory demand until after the bankruptcy petition
was served.

7 In considering this point, I noted that the effect of substituted service is
that it is equivalent for all purposes to actual service: see _Watt v Barnett_
(1878) 3 QBD 363 and _Harrisons Trading (Peninsular) Sdn Bhd v Juta Perkara
Sdn Bhd and others_ [1997] 2 SLR 496. As such, the underlying principle behind
substituted service is one of imputed or constructive notice. This can only be
achieved if substituted service provides the most effective substitute for
personal service: see _Deverall v Grant Advertising_ [1955] CH. 111 and
_Sockalingam Chettiar v Somasundaram Chettiar_ [1941] MLJ 103. The primary
concern is thus a consideration of how the matter can in all reasonable
probability, if not certainty, be best brought to the personal attention of
the person in question: see _Porter v Freudenberg_ [1915] 1 KB 857, _Teo Ah
Bin v Tan Kheng Guan_ [1981] 2 MLJ 146 and _Malayan United Finance Bhd v Sun
Chong Construction Sdn Bhd and others_ [1995] 4 MLJ 749. As such, while it is
hoped that substituted service would serve to bring the statutory demand to
the notice of the debtor, actual knowledge is not necessary: _Re Yeap Chee
Fun; ex p Pernas Trading Sdn Bhd_ [2000] 5 MLJ 510. Given this, I saw no merit
in counsel’s contention that the debtor had no actual knowledge of the
statutory demand.

Ineffective service – taking of all reasonable steps

8 However, the fact that actual knowledge is irrelevant means that substituted
service is something that the Court should not treat lightly as it leads to
imputed knowledge. The test to be met is set out in r 96 of the Bankruptcy
Rules which reads:

(1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory demand
to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

…

(6) A creditor shall not resort to substituted service of a statutory demand
on a debtor unless —

(a) the creditor has taken all such steps which would suffice to justify the
court making an order for substituted service of a bankruptcy petition; and

(b) the mode of substituted service would have been such that the court would
have ordered in the circumstances.

9 The test is thus whether the creditor has taken “all such steps which would
suffice to justify the court making an order for substituted service of a
bankruptcy petition”. The Supreme Court Practice Directions offers some
practical guidance as to what constitutes ‘all such steps’. In particular,
paragraph 10 provides that 2 attempts at personal service should be made and
that the attempts should be made at the residence of the party to be served,
if known; otherwise or if the claim relates to that party’s business or work,
the attempts should be made at the party’s place of business or work.

10 In this case, it was clear that the Practice Directions had not been
complied with as the attempts at personal service were made at the business
address while the substituted service was made at the residential address. My
view is that if the creditor felt that the posting of the notice at the
residential address would in all reasonable probability have been effective to
bring the statutory demand to the notice of the debtor, then surely it must
have been reasonable to attempt personal service at that address. To hold
otherwise, would render the requirement for two attempts at personal service
meaningless as creditors can attempt personal service at one place and then
post the statutory demand at another.

11 Two questions flow from my conclusion. First, whether this breach means
that the creditor has failed the test encapsulated in r 96 of the Bankruptcy
Rules. Second, if the answer to the first is in the affirmative, then whether
the statutory demand should be set aside.

Effect of breaching the Practice Directions

12 Practice Directions are administrative directions that are framed to
regulate the procedures of the Court and to offer guidelines to practitioners
in the course of litigation. Although they do not have the force of law, they
should nevertheless be adhered to so that there are consistent and systematic
procedures. After all, rules are made to be observed and complied with, not
flouted or wantonly ignored: per Abdoolcader J in _Ng Yit Seng and another v
Syarikat Jiwa Mentakab Sdn Bhd and others_ [1981] 2 MLJ 194. This does not
mean that the Court must blindly follow the Practice Directions. As in all
guidelines, they must be applied mutantis mutandis to the facts of each case.

13 Looking at Paragraph 10 of the Practice Directions, the evil that it seeks
to address is to prevent a plaintiff from abusing the process of substituted
service, by the entering of default judgment in the absence of appearance
against a defendant who has no knowledge nor reasonable chance of coming to
that knowledge of the writ lodged against him. Hence, in the absence of good
reason, a failure to comply with this Practice Direction will generally result
in the dismissal of the application for substituted service.

14 With these considerations in mind, if this had been an application for
substituted service of the bankruptcy petition, I would have refused the
application and insisted that the solicitor attempt personal service at the
residential address. As such, the test set out in r 96 of the Bankruptcy Rules
has clearly not been met. This being so, I turn to the next question – whether
the statutory demand should be set aside.

Whether to set aside the statutory demand

15 Rajendran J has in _Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV_ [2002] 3 SLR 594
clearly stated that the proper service of a statutory demand is a matter of
fundamental importance in the operation of the Bankruptcy Act. This must be so
because service of the statutory demand gives rise to the presumption of
insolvency under s 62 of the Bankruptcy Act: see _Pac Asian Services Pte Ltd v
European Asian Bank AG_ [1987] SLR 1 a case on the winding-up regime. This is
further emphasised by r 96 of the Bankruptcy Rules which provides that the
‘creditor **shall** not resort to substituted service’ unless the requisite
steps have been taken.

16 Additionally, since the substituted service of the statutory demand is done
unilaterally by the petitioning creditor (as opposed to under an order of
Court), the Court should apply a high standard in determining whether service
was effective: see _Regional Collection Services v Heald_ [2000] BPIR 661
(English Court of Appeal). Lastly, the procedural defect in failing to take
the necessary steps is not a matter that can be cured given the clear wording
of the s 62 of the Bankruptcy Act read with r 96 of the Bankruptcy Rules which
clearly puts the onus on the creditor to ensure that all reasonable steps have
been taken to effect service.

Conclusion

17 Given the above, I was of the opinion that the service of the statutory
demand should be set aside. Consequentially, given the wording of s 61(1)(c)
of the Bankruptcy Act, I also dismissed the creditor’s bankruptcy petition as
it could not be shown that the debtor was unable to pay the debt at the time
that the petition was presented. I also made certain orders as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

