Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## SBS Transit Ltd (formerly known as Singapore Bus Services Limited) v Koh
Swee Ann  
[2004] SGCA 26

Case Number | : | CA 135/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cindy Sim (Tan JinHwee, Eunice and Lim ChooEng) for appellant; Subbiah Pillai (Pillai and Pillai) for respondent   
Parties | : |  SBS Transit Ltd (formerly known as Singapore Bus Services Limited) — Koh Swee Ann   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Final and conclusive nature of refusal of
leave to appeal  
  
Civil Procedure – Offer to settle – Whether Calderbank letter amounts to
statutory offer to settle – Whether successive statutory offers to settle
supersede earlier statutory offers to settle – Order 22A Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

24 June 2004

Judith Prakash J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 It has long been a rule of the common law that wherever power is given to a
legal authority to grant or refuse leave to appeal, the decision of that
authority is, from the very nature of the thing, final and conclusive and
without appeal, unless an appeal from it is expressly given: _In re Housing of
the Working Classes Act, 1890_ , _Ex parte Stevenson_ [1892] 1 QB 609. The
appellant in this case thought that this rule did not apply to an order of the
High Court made pursuant to an originating summons asking for leave to appeal
from a decision of a Magistrate’s Court. The appellant was wrong and the
appeal had to be dismissed on the basis of the preliminary objection put up by
the respondent that the Court of Appeal had no jurisdiction to hear the
appeal. While the rule in question is over 100 years old, it appears to us
that it is opportune to remind members of the legal community of its existence
so as to avoid further hopeless appeals.

**Background**

2 The original action in the Magistrate’s Court arose out of a traffic
accident between a bus driven by an employee of the appellant, SBS Transit
Ltd, and the respondent’s car in July 2000. Three months later, the respondent
demanded some $9,000 in damages from the appellant. On 26 December 2000, the
appellant, in a letter marked “Without Prejudice Save as to Costs”, offered to
settle the respondent’s claim for “a global sum of $6,322 [subject to proof of
receipts for the rental charges and General Insurance Association of Singapore
fees paid] in full and final settlement of all claims pertaining to the
accident”. This letter qualified as a “Calderbank letter” of the type
identified by _Calderbank v Calderbank_ [1976] Fam 93.

3 The respondent rejected the Calderbank letter in May 2001. In April 2002,
she started the original action against the appellant and claimed damages of
$8,490.18. On 26 June 2002, the appellant served on the respondent a formal
offer to settle (“OTS”) pursuant to O 22A r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). By it, the appellant offered the respondent
the same sum of $6,322 in settlement. On 13 July 2002, the appellant withdrew
this OTS. Two days later, it served another OTS on the respondent. The second
OTS was for $3,161. The respondent did not accept the second OTS and the
matter went to trial.

4 At the conclusion of the trial on 10 June 2003, the district judge who heard
the case (sitting as a magistrate) apportioned the liability for the accident
between the appellant and the respondent. The appellant was found 80% liable.
The appellant was ordered to pay the respondent $6,065.85 as damages and costs
of $3,500 plus reasonable disbursements.

5 Section 21(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) provides that an appeal lies to the High Court from a decision of
a Magistrate’s Court in any suit where the value of the subject matter exceeds
$50,000 or, where the value is less, leave to appeal has been given by a
District Court, a Magistrate’s Court or the High Court. Under O 55D r 4 of the
Rules, a party applying for leave to appeal against an order made by a
Magistrate’s Court must first file his application to that court. In the event
leave is refused by that court, he may, within seven days of such refusal,
apply to the High Court for leave. On 20 June 2003, the appellant applied to
the Magistrate’s Court for leave to appeal against the costs order. The
appellant contended that the respondent had not been entitled to costs given
that the judgment sum awarded in her favour was lower than the amount that it
had offered her in the Calderbank letter. It submitted that there was a
question of public importance such that leave to appeal should be granted,
_ie_ , whether for the purposes of an order for costs a formal OTS would
supersede a pre-writ Calderbank letter. The district judge refused to grant
leave to appeal.

6 The appellant did not let the matter lie. It decided to take a second bite
of the cherry by filing an originating summons in the High Court for leave to
appeal against the costs order made by the Magistrate’s Court. This
originating summons was heard and dismissed by Lai Kew Chai J on 13 August
2003.

7 The appellant did not realise that it had come to the end of the road. It
wanted to appeal to this court but thought that it needed leave to do so as s
34(2)(b) of the Act provides that, except with the leave of the Court of
Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal where the
only issue in the appeal relates to costs or fees for hearing dates. The
appellant therefore filed a summons in chambers in the originating summons
asking for leave to appeal against Lai J’s order. This summons in chambers was
heard in September and November 2003 and the appellant was able to persuade
the judge to grant it the leave sought. So the matter came before us as an
appeal against Lai J’s refusal to grant leave to appeal against the district
judge’s decision on costs.

**The applicable legal principle and its rationale**

8 The first case to establish the principle that where a legal decision cannot
be appealed against except with express permission from a named authority, the
decision of that authority whether or not to grant leave is final, was _Lane v
Esdaile_ [1891] AC 210. In that case, the appellants had been refused leave to
appeal to the House of Lords by the Court of Appeal. They proceeded to appeal
against that refusal but were met with the preliminary objection that no
appeal lay to the House of Lords from such a refusal. Upholding the
preliminary objection, Lord Halsbury LC gave the rationale for such a
restricted approach (at 212–213):

[I]t seems to me that to give an appeal in this case would defeat the whole
object and purview of the order or rule itself, because it is obvious that
what was there intended by the Legislature was that there should be in some
form or other a power to stop an appeal – that there should not be an appeal
unless some particular body pointed out by the statute (I will see in a moment
what that body is), should permit that an appeal should be given. Now just let
us consider what that means, that an appeal shall not be given unless some
particular body consents to its being given. Surely if that is intended as a
check to unnecessary or frivolous appeals it becomes absolutely illusory if
you can appeal from that decision or leave, or whatever it is to be called
itself. How could any Court of Review determine whether leave ought to be
given or not without hearing and determining upon the hearing whether it was a
fit case for an appeal? And if the intermediate Court could enter and must
enter into that question, then the Court which is the ultimate Court of Appeal
must do so also. The result of that would be that in construing this order,
which as I have said is obviously intended to prevent frivolous and
unnecessary appeals, you might in truth have two appeals in every case in
which, following the ordinary course of things, there would be only one;
because if there is a power to appeal when the order has been refused, it
would seem to follow as a necessary consequence that you must have a right to
appeal when leave has been granted, the result of which is that the person
against whom the leave has been granted might appeal from that, and inasmuch
as this is no stay of proceeding the Court of Appeal might be entertaining an
appeal upon the very same question when this House was entertaining the
question whether the Court of Appeal ought ever to have granted the appeal. My
Lords, it seems to me that that would reduce the provision to such an
absurdity that even if the language were more clear than is contended on the
other side one really ought to give it a reasonable construction.

9 _Lane v Esdaile_ was followed by _Ex parte Stevenson_ ([1] _supra_) in 1892.
Ninety years later, in _Bland v Chief Supplementary Benefit Officer_ [1983] 1
WLR 262, Sir John Donaldson MR applied the principle as stated in _Ex parte
Stevenson_ to the case of a refusal by the social security commissioner to
grant leave to an applicant to appeal to the Court of Appeal against a
decision of a benefit appeal tribunal. Lord Bingham affirmed this position
even more recently in the case of _R v Secretary of State for Trade and
Industry, ex parte Eastaway_ [2000] 1 WLR 2222 where he accepted that case law
recognised it was obviously absurd to allow an appeal against the decision
under a provision designed to limit the right of appeal. Lord Hoffmann, in
another recent decision, _Kemper Reinsurance Co v Minister of Finance_ [2000]
1 AC 1 at 13, said that this absurdity is greatest in a case in which the
appeal is brought to the very tribunal to which it is desired to appeal on the
merits. This is because an appeal against the refusal of leave would involve
the higher court doing the very thing that the provision was designed to
prevent, namely, having to examine the merits of the decision appealed
against.

10 The appellant submitted that the English decisions on the point should only
reflect the English position as the English courts were interpreting English
statutes which may be different from the applicable Singapore laws, namely,
the Act and the Rules. It said that there was no bar in this legislation to
the appeal that it had launched provided it had obtained the necessary leave
to appeal.

11 Whilst the English authorities did deal with English statutes, what was in
issue in those cases was not the substantive subject matter of those statutes
but only the requirement that for an appeal to lie, leave had to be granted.
The cases therefore discussed the principle to be applied when an appeal
against a decision could only be made with the leave of a particular
authority, whether that authority was a court having appellate jurisdiction or
a person holding a particular office like the commissioner in the _Bland_
case. The English courts have consistently held that in such a situation the
decision of the appointed authority is final and no further appeal may be
brought against that decision. That common law principle applies in Singapore
as it does in England. Thus, since s 21(1) of the Act read with O 55D r 4(3)
of the Rules has appointed the High Court as the authority with the final
jurisdiction to grant or refuse leave to appeal against a magistrate’s
decision, there can be no further recourse after the High Court has
adjudicated on the matter.

12 The judge, therefore, did not have jurisdiction to give the appellant leave
to appeal against his refusal to grant it leave to appeal against the district
judge’s decision. The fact that the appellant made an application for such
leave under s 34(2) of the Act did not confer such jurisdiction on the judge.
Nor did the Court of Appeal have the jurisdiction to hear the application.
Section 29A(1) of the Act provides that the civil jurisdiction of the Court of
Appeal consists of appeals from any High Court judgment or order in any civil
cause or matter subject to the other provisions of the Act. The width of this
section which would allow any judgment or order to be appealed against is
considerably narrowed by s 34. Section 34(1) sets out in sub-paras (a) to (e)
the categories of cases in which no appeal at all can be brought to the Court
of Appeal. This is followed by s 34(2) which sets out in sub-paras (a) to (d)
the four categories of cases in which an appeal can only be brought with the
leave of court. Thus, s 34 was designed to restrict appeals to the Court of
Appeal. It would be inconsistent with the object of this statutory provision
as a mechanism restricting appeals to allow it to detract from the operation
of s 21(1) which is another mechanism restricting appeals. Section 34(2)
therefore cannot be used as a mechanism to override the common law principle
and thereby obtain leave to appeal in a situation in which otherwise no appeal
would be possible. If s 34(2) could be used in this way, the _Lane v Esdaile_
line of authorities would be deprived of all effect.

13 Whilst in _Lane v Esdaile_ Lord Halsbury LC held (at 212) that there should
not be an appeal against a decision to refuse leave “unless some particular
body pointed out by the statute should permit that an appeal should be given”,
that statement does not permit reliance on s 34(2). As pointed out above, s
34(2) was not designed as an enabling provision to permit appeals that could
not otherwise be maintained. As such, the “particular body pointed out by the
statute” that Lord Halsbury referred to must be read restrictively to mean the
particular statute requiring leave to appeal. In this case that is s 21(1) of
the Act read with O 55D r 4(3). Those provisions only permit an application
for leave to appeal to reach a High Court judge in the event that leave is
refused by the Magistrate’s Court (effectively giving an appeal against the
magistrate’s decision to refuse leave). They do not provide for any further
avenues of appeal. The appellant was given two bites at the cherry by those
provisions. It took both those bites. Nothing further was or should have been
allowed.

14 The respondent’s preliminary objection was well founded and the appeal had
to be dismissed with costs.

**The substantive point**

15 In the cases filed by both parties, the substantive point of the appeal was
explored in some detail. Whilst, strictly, it is not necessary for us to go
into this, we thought it might be helpful to offer some observations on the
main point at issue.

16 As is well known, a Calderbank letter is a letter marked “without prejudice
save as to costs” from one party involved in a claim to another setting out
the terms of an offer to settle that claim. In the case of the same name, it
was held that where a pre-writ Calderbank offer had been made which was higher
than the quantum eventually obtained at trial, the plaintiff could be denied
his costs. In 1996, this court in _Shi Fang v Koh Pee Huat_ [1996] 2 SLR 221
recognised the relevance of the Calderbank letter in relation to orders on
costs. Order 22A was, however, introduced thereafter to “spur the parties to
bring litigation to an expeditious end without judgment and thus to save costs
and judicial time” (_per_ Chao Hick Tin JA in the Court of Appeal decision in
_Singapore Airlines v Tan Shwu Leng_ [2001] 4 SLR 593 at 602, [37]). Whilst a
Calderbank letter can be issued before litigation starts, an OTS under O 22A
can only be made after proceedings start. There is, therefore, still a place
for the Calderbank letter before the issue of the writ but the question which
has vexed litigants is whether such a letter has the same effect on costs as
an OTS.

17 The position taken by the appellant in its case was that the pre-writ offer
made in its solicitors’ Calderbank letter, which did not contain a deadline
for acceptance, remained open for acceptance by the respondent until withdrawn
by the appellant. The appellant did not formally withdraw the offer in the
Calderbank letter even though it did avail itself of the O 22A procedure on
two occasions. The appellant pointed out that the Rules prescribed that where
an OTS did not specify a time for acceptance it was deemed not to expire. In
order for an OTS to be withdrawn, notice had to be given of the intention to
withdraw. Thus, even if more than one OTS was made by a party, the second and
subsequent offers could never have the effect of superseding the first or
earlier offers as long as the same did not specify a time for acceptance. It
submitted that the Calderbank letter here similarly had to be considered as
having remained open for acceptance right up to judgment notwithstanding the
various offers to settle made after proceedings commenced. Before the district
judge, the appellant had submitted that as the pre-writ offer was more
favourable than the judgment sum, the respondent should not be entitled to
costs and that instead she should pay the appellant its costs for bringing it
into proceedings which had been unnecessarily commenced. In its case for this
appeal, the appellant did not go so far but submitted that the Calderbank
offer had to be considered by the magistrate or the district judge when
exercising his or her discretion to decide on the parties’ entitlements to
costs and disbursements.

18 In his decision to grant the appellant leave to appeal against his earlier
decision to refuse leave, Lai J stated:

I refused leave to the plaintiffs to appeal to the High Court because the
district judge has exercised his discretion under O 22A and therefore there
was no ruling whether the pre-writ Calderbank offer was superseded by the
later OTS on which the matter could be resolved by a higher tribunal. I would
venture my personal opinion: if in fact the district judge had ruled that the
Calderbank offer was superseded by the later OTS, that decision would have
been wrong as it would not have given effect to the requirement under O 22A r
3 of one day’s prior notice in writing in conformity with Form 38B. I am
proceeding on the basis that the Calderbank offer is an OTS within the meaning
of O 22A r 4: see explanation in para 22A/4/1 [of _Singapore Civil Procedure
2003_].

I am now shown the notes of evidence and arguments: those notes may well be
sufficient to infer that the district judge had awarded costs of $3,500.00
against the plaintiffs on the basis that the Calderbank offer was superseded
by a later OTS, contrary to the passage in Singapore White Book para 22A/3/4.
The matter is of public importance … I therefore grant leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal.

19 The judge’s opinion that the Calderbank offer was a valid OTS within the
framework of O 22A was, as he stated, based on para 22A/3/4 of _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003)_._ That paragraph reads:

It would follow from this procedure that it would not be possible to withdraw
the offer by implication by way of a second offer for a lesser or larger sum …
It may be withdrawn only if done in accordance with this rule: see _York North
Condominium v Van Horne_ (1989) 70 OR (2d) 317, where the court held that the
common law principles of contract of law relating to offer and acceptance have
no application to r49, and the Canadian equivalent to r6(2) of O22A replaces
the usual common law provision that rejection of an offer or the making of a
counter-offer forecloses a later acceptance of the original offer.

It should be noted that O 22A r 6(2) provides that where a party to whom an
offer to settle is made rejects that offer he may nevertheless later accept
the original offer unless it has been withdrawn. This rule therefore
underlines the importance of following the formal mechanism set out in O 22A r
3 for withdrawal of an offer if the offeror wishes to make an effective
withdrawal. A mere rejection by the offeree is not sufficient to extinguish
the offer.

20 The alleged error made by the district judge (who did not consider that the
existence of the Calderbank letter obliged him to award costs to the
appellant) and the concomitant question of importance (such that leave to
appeal was warranted) perceived by the judge below hinged entirely on the
assumption that the Calderbank letter containing the offer to settle was a
valid OTS within the framework of O 22A. If the Calderbank letter was an OTS,
then it could only be withdrawn by following the procedure in O 22A r 3, _ie_
, by giving at least one day’s prior notice of the intention to withdraw the
offer and thereafter serving a notice of withdrawal in Form 38B. An OTS that
is not withdrawn cannot be superseded by a second or subsequent OTS. On the
other hand, if the Calderbank letter did not amount to an OTS, then the normal
contractual principles of offer and acceptance would apply. That would mean
that the respondent’s rejection of the offer in that letter on 21 May 2001 was
an effective termination of that offer so that it could not be accepted
thereafter unless renewed.

21 It is our view that a Calderbank letter issued before proceedings are
started is not a valid OTS within the statutory offer to settle scheme
established by O 22A. True it is that Calderbank letters are recognised in
Singapore and that they may influence the exercise of a court’s discretion as
to costs. A Calderbank letter does not, however, govern the court’s discretion
in respect of costs in the same way as a valid OTS does. We endorse in this
regard the statement of District Judge Valerie Thean in _Teng Lien Yen v SBS
Transit Ltd_ [2003] SGMC 10 at [10] that:

even in circumstances where Calderbank letters may be relevant, the court
retains its discretion. The existence of a Calderbank letter influences but
does not govern the exercise of a court’s discretion: _McDonnell v McDonnell_
[1977] 1 All ER 766. English [Court of Appeal]. The discretion of the court as
to costs, and as to what weight is to be given to a Calderbank letter, cannot
be usurped.

22 Order 22A r 1 is precise on the form that an OTS must take. It specifies
that an OTS “shall be in Form 38A”. Commentators have recognised that the use
of the prescribed form is obligatory and that therefore cases from other
jurisdictions on offers to settle contained in letters and the effect of the
same on the court’s discretion are distinguishable on the basis that the
procedure in those jurisdictions is more flexible as they do not mandate the
use of a specified form. See _Singapore Court Practice_ _2003_ (LexisNexis,
2003) by Jeffrey Pinsler at 656 para 22A/1/4.

23 In this case, the Calderbank letter was not in Form 38A. A valid OTS in
Form 38A dated 26 June 2002 was subsequently sent by the appellant to the
respondent offering her the exact same amount in settlement as the Calderbank
letter had. This OTS was formally withdrawn by the appellant in early July
2002. The second properly-constituted OTS served on the respondent on 15 July
2002 was for a smaller sum. The appellant’s submission that the district judge
had wrongly found the Calderbank letter to have been superseded by an OTS was
made with respect to this second OTS. Since, however, the Calderbank letter
was not an OTS, it had been terminated by the respondent’s rejection of it and
there was no question of it being superseded by the OTS of July 2002. There
was also nothing in the notes of evidence at trial to suggest that the
district judge had regarded the Calderbank letter as a valid OTS and that he
had therefore (wrongly) taken the view that it had been superseded by the July
OTS such that he was entitled to disregard it when making an order on costs.

24 Lai J referred to the explanation contained at para 22A/4/1 of _Singapore
Court Procedure 2003_ in concluding that the Calderbank letter here qualified
as an OTS. That paragraph states that O 22A r 4 “imports the _Calderbank_
letter mechanism which allows a party to _only_ disclose the letters though
marked ‘without prejudice save as to costs’ to the court to a limited extent
in respect of the issue of costs, but in all other cases, the offers are
privileged” [emphasis in original]. In our view, all this means is that an OTS
under O 22A is a statutory form of a Calderbank letter. With due respect, this
paragraph does not mean that all Calderbank letters are, as such, valid offers
to settle for the purposes of O 22A. That being the case, whilst the district
judge could have had regard to the Calderbank letter when deciding the issue
of costs, he was not obliged to do so. There was no fetter on the exercise of
his discretion on costs. He was entitled to weigh up the circumstances and
make such costs order as seemed appropriate to him in those circumstances. We
are not saying here that a pre-writ Calderbank letter should never have an
effect on costs. We do not want to discourage the practice of issuing such
letters as they are a useful tool in the disposal of contentious matters. Our
view is that if, despite the issue of such a letter, the matter nevertheless
goes to litigation and the result is less favourable to the litigant than the
Calderbank offer, that fact should be one of the factors taken into account in
the exercise of the judge’s discretion on costs. It need not, however, be the
dominant factor. It will all depend on the circumstances of the particular
case.

_Appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

