Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pan United Shipping Pte Ltd v Cendrawasih Shipping Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 32

Case Number | : | Adm in Per 600075/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gan Seng Chee and Goh Wee Ling (Ang and Partners) for plaintiff; Brij Raj Rai and Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Pan United Shipping Pte Ltd — Cendrawasih Shipping Pte Ltd   
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Cargo carried on board
vessel lost – Cargo owners commenced action against shipowners – Whether
shipowners were proper parties to be sued – Whether the vessels were demise
chartered to third parties  
  

23 February 2004

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The defendants, Cendrawasih Shipping Pte Ltd (“Cendrawasih”), who were sued
by the plaintiffs, Pan United Shipping Pte Ltd (“Pan United”), for damages for
failing to deliver a cargo of steaming coal that was shipped on board their
vessel, the _ASP-1,_ a dumb barge that was towed by their tug, the _Samudra
Perkasa II,_ contended that they were not liable for a number of reasons, one
of which was that the wrong party had been sued. They contended that as they
had demised the _ASP-1_ and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ to PT Armada Arung
Samudra (“PT Armada”), Pan United ought to have sued PT Armada instead. At the
end of the preliminary hearing on whether or not the two ships had been
demised, I ruled that they had not been demised for reasons stated below.

**Background**

2 Pan United claimed that they are the lawful holders and indorsees of a bill
of lading for a cargo of 7,681.5mt of steaming coal that was shipped from
Bengkulu, Indonesia, to Kantang, Thailand, in October 2000 on board
Cendrawasih’s dumb barge, the _ASP-1_ , which, as has been mentioned, was
towed by the shipowner’s tugboat, the _Samudra Perkasa II._

3 After the _ASP-1_ and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ sailed from Bengkulu for
Kantang, they encountered bad weather and ran aground on a coral reef and in
shallow waters in the vicinity of Aroih Raja Channel in Indonesia. As a result
of the grounding, the cargo was washed overboard and lost. Pan United, which
claimed to have suffered a loss amounting to US$246,729.78, instituted the
present action to recover this sum, or alternatively, damages. They asserted
that Cendrawasih breached Art III of the Hague Rules, which had been
incorporated into the contract of carriage, by sending the vessels to sea in
an unseaworthy state. They also alleged that the cargo had been stowed on deck
without their consent.

4 For more than two years after the loss of the cargo in question, Cendrawasih
did not inform Pan United that the _ASP-1_ and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ had
been demise chartered to PT Armada. It was only on 18 October 2002, some three
months after they filed their defence in July 2002, that Cendrawasih claimed
for the first time that they were not the proper defendants because the
_ASP-1_ and the _Perkasa Samudra II_ had been demised to PT Armada on 19 July
2000. By then, Pan United could no longer sue PT Armada for the loss of the
cargo of coal because their claim, if any, against the latter had become time
barred.

5 This turn of events took Pan United by surprise. Pan United alleged that the
demise charterparty of 19 July 2000 was a sham and had been fabricated so that
neither Cendrawasih nor PT Armada, the alleged demise charterer, would be
liable to them for the loss of the cargo of coal. They added that even if
there had been a demise charterparty, it is clear from _Pacol Ltd v Trade
Lines Ltd (The Henrik Sif)_ [1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 456 and _The Stolt Loyalty_
[1995] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 598 that it was unconscionable for Cendrawasih to rely on
the demise charterparty to avoid liability as they never informed Pan United
of the alleged charterparty before the latter’s claim against PT Armada had
become time barred and had misled Pan United by granting them an extension of
time for instituting legal proceedings for the loss of the cargo.

6 Pursuant to an order of court dated 19 November 2003, the following
preliminary issues were to be determined before the trial:

(a) whether the tug _Samudra Perkasa II_ and the barge _ASP-1_ were demise
chartered by the defendants to PT Armada at the material time of the incident
leading to the loss and/or damage to the plaintiffs’ cargo in or about October
2000 pursuant to the Bare Boat Carrier Contract dated 19 July 2000 as alleged;
and

(b) if the said vessels were on demise charter by the defendants to PT Armada
at the material time as alleged, whether the defendants are estopped from
denying that they were parties to the bill of lading no 017/ASP-X/00 and/or
relying on the said Bare Boat Carrier Contract to deny liability to the
plaintiffs.

**Whether the ships were demised**

7 Cendrawasih claimed that the _ASP-1_ and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ were
demised to PT Armada for obvious reasons. A demise charterer is _pro hac
vice,_ and for the duration for the charter, the “owner” of the vessel. One
important consequence of such a charterparty is that a bill of lading signed
by the master is, without more, binding on the demise charterer and not the
shipowner.

8 Whether a ship has been demised depends on whether or not the shipowner has
“parted with the whole possession and control of the ship, and to this extent,
that he has given to the charterer a power and right independent of him and
without reference to him to do what he pleases with regard to the captain, the
crew, and the management and employment of the ship” (_per_ Lord Esher MR in
_Baumwoll Manufactur von Scheibler v Gilchrest & Co_ [1892] 1 QB 253 at 259).
In a Straits Settlements case, _D’Almeida v Gray_ (1856) 1 Kyshe 109 at 114,
McCausland R pointed out:

Mere words of letting and hiring will not of themselves invest a party with
the possession of the ship, if the other provisions of the instrument and the
nature of the contract qualify and restrain the words, and shew that the
hiring and letting were not used in their positive sense and signification,
but as mere terms of contract for the whole capacity and use of the vessel,
and not as words of demise of the entire hull of the ship.

9 In the present case, Cendrawasih failed to establish that the _ASP 1_ and
the _Samudra Perkasa II_ had been demised to PT Armada. No satisfactory
explanation was given as to why the existence of the alleged demise
charterparty of 19 July 2000 was not revealed until October 2002, more than
two years after the grounding of the vessels in question, and why the
plaintiffs’ counsel were finally shown the alleged demise charterparty only on
2 December 2002, after repeated requests to inspect it.

10 Cendrawasih’s director and main witness, Mr David Sng, who claimed to have
signed the alleged demise charterparty on 19 July 2000, testified
unsurprisingly that he signed only one charterparty for the demise of _ASP-1_
and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ on that day _._ However, Pan United’s counsel, Mr
Gan, pointed out to Mr Sng that the original charterparty dated 19 July 2000
that was tendered to the court was totally different from a copy of a
charterparty, also dated 19 July 2000, found in the defendants’ bundle of
documents. This took Mr Sng aback and when asked why he claimed to have signed
only one charterparty when he had signed two charterparties for the demise of
the two vessels on the same day, he took a long time to think before saying
that he had made a mistake and that PT Armada’s director, who also signed both
charterparties, had made a similar mistake. This led Mr Gan to suggest that Mr
Sng signed charterparties as and when he was asked by his counsel to submit
documents for the purpose of the trial and that the documents that purportedly
evidenced the existence of a demise charterparty were not genuine.

11 Whether or not one of the two demise charterparties allegedly signed on 19
July 2000 was a mistake, it should be noted that many of the important
obligations assumed by the demise charterer under both versions of the alleged
demise charterparty of 19 July 2000 were performed by Cendrawasih and not by
PT Armada. The assumption by a shipowner of obligations which ought to have
been assumed by the charterer under a demise charterparty has been taken as an
indication that the charterparty, if entered into, is not one by demise (see,
for instance, _Boustead v Clarke_ (1835) Straits Law Reports 391 and
_D’Almeida v Gray_ ([8] _supra_) although it ought to be borne in mind that
the fact that some restrictions have been put on the use of the vessel will
not, without more, prevent a charterparty from being one by demise (see
_Baumwoll Manufactur von Carl Scheibler v Christopher Furness_ [1893] AC 8).
In the present case, although both versions of the alleged charterparty dated
19 July 2000 required an “on hire survey report” to be conducted and paid for
by PT Armada before possession of the vessels was handed over, no such survey
was carried out. Neither was the guarantee required under the charterparty for
due performance of the demise charterer’s obligations furnished by PT Armada.
Furthermore, PT Armada admitted that they did not, as was required under both
versions of the demise charterparty, insure the vessels.

12 __ It should also not be overlooked that although the alleged charterparty
of 19 July 2000 provided that the demise charterers were responsible for
damage to and loss of the _ASP-1_ and the _Perkasa Samudra II,_ Cendrawasih
made no claim against PT Armada for the loss of the _ASP-1_ or for damage
sustained by the _Perkasa Samudra II._ It is also worth noting that
Cendrawasih, and not PT Armada, made claims for general average contribution.
These facts strengthened Pan United’s argument that the _ASP-I_ and the
_Perkasa Samudra II_ were not demised to PT Armada on 19 July 2000.

13 As for payment of the charter hire, the terms of payment provided for under
the alleged charterparty were not complied with by PT Armada. Cendrawasih
admitted that they did not invoice PT Armada for the charter hire and that
they did not issue receipts to PT Armada for charter hire allegedly paid by
the latter. In fact, no credible evidence was submitted to prove that charter
hire for the _ASP-1_ and the _Perkasa Samudra II_ had indeed been paid by PT
Armada to Cendrawasih. Reference was made to the transfer of funds by PT
Armada to Cendrawasih on a few occasions but I was not convinced that these
small sums were necessarily for the charter hire for the demise of the _ASP-1_
and the _Perkasa Samudra II_.

14 Admittedly, the master of the _Perkasa Samudra II_ , Mr Marwant Thalib,
testified that he was employed by PT Armada but he could not state
unequivocally that PT Armada were demise charterers rather than managers of
the vessel. It was also noted that Cendrawasih failed to adduce any evidence
to substantiate their assertion that Pan United knew that they were dealing
with PT Armada from the very start and that discussions between Pan United and
PT Armada made it very clear that the shipowner had no hand in the shipment of
the lost cargo of coal.

15 To prop up their case, Cendrawasih contended that there was nothing unusual
about the demise charterparty of 19 July 2000 with respect to their barge, the
_ASP-1_ , and their tugboat, the _Samudra Perkasa II_ , because they had a
course of dealing with PT Armada, as far as demise charters are concerned. As
proof of this, Cendarawasih produced a copy of a demise charterparty dated 19
September 1999 (the “first September 1999 charterparty”) for the demise of two
vessels to PT Armada. These vessels were a tugboat, the _Gasindo 9_ , and a
barge, the _Gasindo 18_ , which was subsequently renamed the _ASP-1._ However,
this other earlier charterparty for the _Gasindo 9_ and the _Gasindo 18_ only
served to advance Pan United’s argument that Cendrawasih was in the habit of
producing far too many charterparties to the court whenever it suited their
purpose.

16 __ The first September 1999 charterparty is flawed for many reasons. For a
start, in September 1999, Cendrawasih had not become the owners of either the
_Gasindo 9_ or the _Gasindo 18._ Mr Sng, Cendrawasih’s main witness, testified
that Cendrawasih purchased the _Gasindo 9_ in 2000. He also confirmed in para
3 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that Cendrawsih purchased the _Gasindo
18_ in June/July 2000. It was thus not possible for Cendrawasih to have
demised the _Gasindo 9_ or the _Gasindo 18_ to PT Armada in September 1999.

17 Secondly, while the _Gasindo 9_ was chartered together with the _Gasindo
18_ to PT Armada for $30,000 per month for three years under the first
September 1999 charterparty, she was also chartered together with another
vessel, the _Gasindo 15,_ for $30,000 per month for three years under another
demise charterparty (the “second September 1999 charterparty”) that was
executed on the same day as the first September 1999 charterparty. Mr Sng
could not explain how the _Gasindo 9_ could be chartered together with
different vessels under two separate charterparties for the same period of
time. All he could say after much hesitation was that the first September 1999
charterparty was a mistake as the second vessel in that charterparty ought to
have been the _Gasindo 15_ and not _Gasindo 18_. In other words, in both
charterparties, the _Gasindo 9_ should be demised together with the _Gasindo
15._ This attempt by Mr Sng to gloss over matters does not really help
Cendrawasih’s case for if in both the first September 1999 charterparty and
the second September 1999 charterparty, the vessels demised by Cendrawasih to
PT Armada were the _Gasindo 9_ and the _Gasindo 15,_ a new prickly question
arises as to why Mr Sng and PT Armada’s representative had to sign two
charterparties on the same day for the same period of charter for the two
ships.

18 Thirdly, although the _Gasindo 9_ was renamed the _Samudra Perkasa I_ in
2001, the _Gasindo 9_ was also referred to in the second September 1999
charterparty as the _Samudra Perkasa I_. Counsel for Pan United submitted that
this was yet another reason why the alleged charterparty in question could not
have been signed in September 1999.

19 After taking all circumstances into account, I had no doubt whatsoever that
the _ASP-1_ and the _Samudra Perkasa II_ had not been demise chartered to PT
Armada on 19 July 2000 and I made a ruling to this effect. In view of my
finding on the first preliminary issue, it was not necessary for me to
consider the second preliminary issue posed to the court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

