Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Low Ah Soy  
[2004] SGHC 249

Case Number | : | CC 36/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for prosecution; Choo Si Sen and Jennifer Lim Lay Choo (Choo and Lim LLC) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Low Ah Soy   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Accused pleaded guilty to
culpable homicide not amounting to murder and offence of causing mischief –
Appropriate sentence.  
  

5 November 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, aged 59 years, pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(b) of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), for culpable homicide not amounting to
murder, and a charge under s 427 of the Penal Code for the offence of causing
mischief. He was at the material time working as a taxi driver. The
circumstances relating to both offences were connected with and arose from the
same set of facts. The wife of the accused was leaving him for a man called
Koh Teng Beng (“Koh”). She had also filed for divorce against the accused.
They have two daughters, aged 27 and 30 respectively. On 2 April 2004, the
accused telephoned his wife and told her to remove her belongings from the
flat. She arrived at the flat with Koh at 12.30pm. When the latter tried to
accompany her into the flat the accused stopped him, saying that “outsiders
would not be allowed into the flat”. At that point, Koh took out a knife, 19cm
long, and threatened the accused with it. The accused ran to his kitchen to
arm himself with a kitchen knife of 33cm in length. He then advanced towards
Koh who, in his retreat along the external corridor of the flat, threw several
flowerpots at the accused. Nonetheless, the accused got to Koh and stabbed him
three times in the chest. Koh collapsed at the lift landing and died.

2 Dr Clarence Tan performed the post-mortem examination and reported in the
autopsy report that Koh had died from the stab wounds. Other medical reports
indicated that the accused had also suffered some minor injuries such as
abrasions and bruises. A psychiatric report on the accused by the examining
psychiatrist Dr Tommy Tan stated that in the doctor’s opinion, the accused did
not suffer from unsoundness of mind and was fit to stand trial. Mr Choo Si
Sen, who represented the accused, did not object to the report, which, read in
its context, indicated that the accused was not of unsound mind in the legal
sense. This was made clear in the same report when Dr Tan stated that the
accused suffered from a “moderate depressive episode with somatic symptoms”
and thus qualified for the legal exception to murder under the nomenclature of
“diminished responsibility”. The relevant portion of Dr Tan’s opinion is best
set out in full:

In my opinion, the accused suffers from moderate depressive episode with
somatic symptoms (F32.11, International Classification of Diseases, edition
10) since, at least, the beginning of this year. His mental disorder is
characterised by a depressed mood, suicidal thoughts, somatic complaints,
disturbed sleep, poor appetite, a diurnal variation of his mood, anxiety,
histrionic (“illogical”) behaviour and agitation. His mental disorder had not
been treated.

He was _not of unsound mind_ at the time of the alleged offence according to
the McNaughten’s Rules. However he was suffering form the above disorder at
the time of the alleged offence. He was agitated with the presence of his wife
and the deceased. He had partial amnesia for the alleged offence. He suffers
from abnormality of mind, which would substantially impair his mental
responsibility for the acts committed during the alleged offence. He qualifies
for a defence of _diminished responsibility_ for the alleged offence.

[emphasis in original]

3 In mitigation, counsel for the accused submitted that the accused had an
unblemished record. He also explained the historical background that made the
intrusion of Koh offensive and provocative. He stated that there was a period
of time when the accused was not earning enough and his wife had to work to
sustain the family. In appreciation and out of affection, the accused would
regularly massage her aching joints, and cook for her. Her subsequent
infidelity hurt him deeply. They had been married for more than 30 years and
were hitherto a loving couple, well loved by their daughters, and liked by
their neighbours and friends. The accused gave all his income to his wife
because he believed that she was better at managing their domestic expenditure
and savings. The accused consented to the second charge, namely, for causing
mischief in smashing the windscreen of Koh’s car. This took place shortly
after he had stabbed Koh. When it was over, the accused telephoned a radio
station and declared his crime to the radio broadcaster.

4 I was of the view that a sentence of four years’ imprisonment was
appropriate on the facts and circumstances of this case. I therefore sentenced
him accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

