Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohan Singh s/o Bhola Singh v Shran Jeet Singh  
[2004] SGHC 277

Case Number | : | Suit 1225/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 December 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap and Associates) for plaintiff; Tito Shane Issac and P Padman (Tito Issac and Co) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Mohan Singh s/o Bhola Singh — Shran Jeet Singh   
  
Debt and Recovery – Money used to purchase shares – Whether money was loan
given by plaintiff to defendant or joint investment in shares by plaintiff and
defendant  
  

10 December 2004  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Kew Chai J:

1 The plaintiff, a retired wealthy businessman, aged 86, claims against the
defendant the sum of $459,550.00 which he had allegedly lent to the defendant
to enable the defendant to purchase 200,000 shares in Singapore Airport
Terminal Services Ltd and 200,000 shares in SIA Engineering Company
(collectively “the shares”). At that time, the defendant was the son-in-law of
the plaintiff.

2 The defendant denies the loan. He alleges that the plaintiff intended to
invest in the shares but could not do so, and therefore agreed to allow his
investment to be bought in the name of a company controlled by the defendant
and managed by the brokers, Merrill Lynch.

3 The issue is therefore whether, as the plaintiff asserts, he had lent the
said sum to the defendant, or whether, as the defendant asserts, the plaintiff
had invested in the shares jointly with the defendant.

**The facts**

4 When the transaction was entered into, the plaintiff was the father-in-law
of the defendant, whom he had known for more than 20 years since the
defendant’s marriage to the plaintiff’s daughter. The plaintiff’s daughter and
the defendant are now divorced. The decree _nisi_ was granted on 28 February
2003 and became absolute on 1 April 2003.

5 On or about 9 May 2000, the defendant called the plaintiff at his residence
at Block 120A Kim Tian Place, #25-56, Singapore and asked for a loan as he
(the defendant) was about to purchase the shares. The amount sought was
$459,550.00, which was half the total cost of the purchase price of the
shares. The defendant asked the plaintiff to issue a cheque for that amount.
It was agreed that the defendant would repay the loan within a reasonable time
after the plaintiff asked for it. The plaintiff agreed to lend him the amount
requested.

6 On 12 May 2000, the defendant visited the plaintiff at the latter’s home. He
handed to the plaintiff a letter which confirmed that the defendant had
purchased the shares on 5 May 2000 and the total cost was $919,100.00. The
letter also requested payment of $459,550.00 by cheque in favour of Merrill
Lynch Inc A/c No 932-18YTP. The plaintiff wrote a note on the letter that he
had delivered his cheque for the amount. He dated the note 12 May 2000 and
signed it.

7 The shares were bought in the name of the defendant’s company, Glamsons
Holdings Ltd (“Glamsons”). Mr Tay Chee Tiew (“Mr Tay”), who was the
defendant’s broker at Merrill Lynch at the material time, said that he knew of
the plaintiff’s equitable interest in half the shares, since he was privy to
the private arrangements between the plaintiff and the defendant. I found Mr
Tay’s evidence rather difficult to believe. He was, in fact, not permitted to
buy any shares as a broker of Merrill Lynch for any party who or which was not
an account holder with Merrill Lynch. He had left Merrill Lynch by the time he
gave evidence.

8 Mr Tay said that he was asked by the defendant initially to procure half the
shares which were later doubled to comprise the shares. This evidence was an
attempt on the part of the defendant to corroborate his own evidence that the
plaintiff had asked him to procure the allocation of half of the shares as the
plaintiff allegedly could not obtain the allocation from the plaintiff’s own
brokers at the placement price. Mr Tay said that on 12 May 2000, he collected
the cheque from the plaintiff at the plaintiff’s residence near Tew Chew
Street. The collection allegedly followed the arrangements made by the
defendant.

9 I am satisfied that Mr Tay fabricated his evidence about his collection of
the cheque at the plaintiff’s residence near Tew Chew Street. The plaintiff’s
residence near Tew Chew Street had been acquired by the Government. The
building was to be demolished to construct the North-East MRT Line. The
plaintiff had, six months earlier on 11 November 1999, surrendered vacant
possession of his property to the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) and
had returned the title deeds and the keys of the property to HDB. The
plaintiff had moved to Kim Tian Place in 2000 and had officially registered
with the authorities his change of address on 25 March 2000.

10 I accept the evidence of the plaintiff that he did not know Mr Tay at all.
He denied having had any conversation with him. I believe the plaintiff when
he said he had never met Mr Tay.

11 Subsequently, the marriage between the defendant and the daughter of the
plaintiff reached breaking point. The plaintiff and his wife visited the
couple in Brunei to see if the marriage could be salvaged. The attempt at
reconciliation failed. At the Brunei airport before he flew back to Singapore,
the plaintiff asked the defendant to repay the loan. The defendant told the
plaintiff that he would repay the loan but he asked for two months to do so.
But he failed to repay the loan.

12 The defendant in his defence alleged that he and the plaintiff had jointly
invested in the shares. The plaintiff had heard of the allotment of half the
shares to the defendant and had asked the defendant to arrange for an equal
allotment. The defendant did so by requesting Mr Tay to procure the allotment.
No documentary proof of such second allotment was produced from the records of
Merrill Lynch, nor was any contemporaneous document from Merrill Lynch
produced to show the two transactions resulting in the ultimate purchase of
the shares.

13 On the other hand, the plaintiff produced substantial records of his own
share dealings with three leading stockbrokers. At the material time, he was a
man of wealth. He could easily have obtained the allotment of half of the
shares from his own brokers if he had wanted to.

14 What happened after the plaintiff had issued the cheque for the said sum
was, in my view, more consistent with a loan to a member of the family (as the
relationship was at the material time) than with a joint investment. From the
time of the listing of the shares to 11 September 2001, the shares did not
perform well generally. After the terrorist attack on 11 September 2001, all
aviation-linked counters worldwide lost substantial value.

15 On 20 September 2001, Merrill Lunch sold the shares in Glamsons’ account.
The total loss of the shares was $524,505.56. The curious feature of the
entire episode was that the plaintiff, as he had told the court, knew nothing
about it. The defendant alleged that he had told the plaintiff. He further
said that he had told the plaintiff that the residue of the investment had
been ploughed back into Glamsons’ account and new purchases had been made.

16 According to the defendant, he expressly offered to refund to the plaintiff
the proceeds from the sale of the plaintiff’s portion of the shares. The
plaintiff reportedly declined the offer and instructed the defendant to leave
the money in the account to allow Merrill Lynch an opportunity to recoup the
losses by further share trades. I do not accept the defendant’s evidence on
these aspects of the case.

17 Other features of the case which militate against the defendant’s version
are as follows. The defendant pledged the shares as collateral to Merrill
Lynch, thereby obtaining a benefit for his own purpose. What is also
noteworthy is that the defendant did not pay any dividends to the plaintiff.
On top of that, when the shares were sold on 20 September 2001, the proceeds
of sale were utilised to purchase US dollars. Later, they were used to reduce
the defendant’s liability on his call advance of US$212,766.25. All these
transactions were done without the knowledge of the plaintiff. The defendant
admitted in evidence that he did not send to the plaintiff the monthly
statements he had received from Merrill Lynch.

18 The liabilities of the defendant as at September 2001 were US$259,834.00.
There was a call loan decrease of US$212,766.25 and a debit balance of
US$34,596.00. The sale proceeds of the shares were equivalent to
US$228,478.51. The defendant admitted at para 33 of his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief that he had made drawings from the Glamsons’ account between October
2001 to January 2002 after the shares were sold. The defendant’s actions were
plainly the unilateral acts of a sole investor, not the conduct of a joint-
investor.

**Judgment**

19 Having regard to all the circumstances of this case, some material aspects
of which are recited above, I am satisfied that the plaintiff had lent the
defendant the said sum which the latter is bound to repay. The claims of the
plaintiff are allowed with interest at 6% per annum on the said sum from the
expiry of two months from the date the demand for repayment was made, which
was 16 April 2001 at the Brunei airport.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

