Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohamed Ismail bin Ibrahim and Another v Mohammad Taha bin Ibrahim  
[2004] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | OS 601221/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mohd Muzammil (Muzammil Nizam and Partners) for plaintiffs; Mirza Namazie and Chua Boon Beng (Mallal and Namazie) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Mohamed Ismail bin Ibrahim; Hasnah binti Ibrahim — Mohammad Taha bin Ibrahim   
  
Muslim Law – Majlis ugama islam (MUIS) – Issuance of fatwa dividing testator's
estate – Whether division correct  
  
Muslim Law – Majlis ugama islam (MUIS) – Testator's will giving one-third of
estate as nuzriah to certain beneficiaries – Concept of nuzriah – Muis
ratifying nuzriah segment of will -Validity of nuzriah segment of will –
Whether nuzriah contravening principles of Muslim law  
  
Muslim Law – Majlis ugama islam (MUIS) – Validator and witness of testator's
will subsequently on Fatwa Committee that deliberated on validity of nuzriah
segment of will – Whether validator and witness could and should have excused
themselves from deliberations  
  

22 September 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
MPH Rubin J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the validity of a will made by Haji Ibrahim bin Abdul
Samad (“the testator”), a Malay Muslim from Singapore. He passed away on 14
September 1997, having made his last will and testament on 9 December 1996,
leaving behind a wife, three sons and seven daughters. The first and second
plaintiffs are two of the children of the testator. The defendant is another
son who is the executor of the testator’s estate. The plaintiffs are
challenging parts of the will.

2 The general issue in this action is whether certain parts of the
declarations and bequests contained in the will accord with the principles of
Muslim law applicable to Muslims of the Shafii school of law to which the
testator and his heirs belong.

3 A specific issue that falls for determination concerns an aspect called “
_nuzriah_ ”. The term “ _nuzriah_ ” does not appear or feature in any of the
treatises, writings or books published by or attributed to any Muslim scholars
or jurists. However, the court was informed by the expert witness who appeared
for the defendant that the word “ _nuzriah_ ” is derived from the word “
_nazar_ ”, that it is a minor _nazar_ and that both terms connote the same
concept. The term _nazar_ means “vow or a solemn pledge” and is defined in s 2
of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed) (“AMLA”) as an
expressed vow to do any act or to dedicate property for any purpose allowed by
Muslim law.

4 Another issue relates to the correctness or otherwise of the division of the
property of the estate of the testator by the Legal or Fatwa Committee of the
Singapore Islamic Council (Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura) (“Muis”).

Sources of Muslim law

5 Briefly stated, there are four sources of Muslim law. In so far as the Sunni
Muslims are concerned, they are: The Quran (the Holy Book), _Hadis_ or
_Hadith_ (the traditions of the Prophet, _viz_ the oral precepts delivered
from time to time by the prophet and references to the daily mode of his life
as handed down to posterity by his immediate followers), _Ijmaa_ (consensus
amongst highly qualified legal scholars), and _Qiyas_ (reasoning by analogy or
analogical deduction).

Muslim law of inheritance – a brief perspective

6 Muslim law and rules for dealing with the distribution of a dead person’s
property differ greatly from Western or other secular law. Muslim law or
Sharia is derived from the Quran and the words and traditions of Prophet
Muhammad himself, and is therefore believed to be of divine inspiration and
not man-made.

7 Muslim jurisprudence imposes two principal restrictions on testamentary
power. The first restriction concerns the quantum of bequests, where the rule
is that a person may not dispose by will more than one-third of his property.
The second limitation upon testamentary power (recognised by all four schools
of the Sunni Muslims, the Shafii school being one amongst them) is that a
testator may not make a bequest in favour of any of his legal heirs. In other
words, a Muslim cannot by a testamentary disposition reduce or enlarge the
shares of those who by law are entitled to inherit (see N J Coulson,
_Succession in the Muslim Family_ , (Cambridge University Press, 1971) at p
213; Asaf A A Fyzee, _Outlines of Muhammadan Law_ (3rd Ed, 1964) at p 351 and
Syed Ameer Ali, _Mohammedan Law_ (6th Ed, 1965) Vol II, p 20. “Legal heir”, in
the Islamic context, is a term which is properly applied only to those
relatives upon whom property devolves, after the demise of the owner, by
operation of law. In Singapore, under s 111(1) of the AMLA, no Muslim
domiciled in Singapore can now dispose of his property by will except in
accordance with the provisions and subject to the restrictions imposed by the
school of Muslim law professed by him. Under s 115 of the AMLA, the Syariah
Court of Singapore is vested with the authority to issue the requisite
inheritance certificate, setting out the names of the legal heirs and their
respective shares in the estate of the deceased. Without a doubt, a legacy in
favour of a legal or legitimate heir can only take effect with the unanimous
consent of the co-heirs (see Dr Ahmad Ibrahim, _Islamic Law in Malaya_ ,
(Malaysian Sociological Research Institute Ltd, 1965) at p 264).

8 Coulson comments (at p 214) that Sunni jurisprudence sees the essence of
succession law to lie in protecting the interests of the legal heirs and
preserving the balance between their claims as established under the
sacrosanct scheme of inheritance. Bequests, however meritorious their purpose
– in providing for cases of particular hardship, in fulfilling a charitable
purpose or in performing what the testator conceived to be a personal duty
left outstanding during his lifetime – are not allowed to defeat the
entitlement of the legal heirs to at least two-thirds of the estate.

9 Further, s 60 of the AMLA specifically provides:

60.—(1) Whether or not made by way of will or death-bed gift, _no_ wakaf or
_nazar made after 1st July 1968 and involving more than one-third of the
property of the person making the same shall be valid in respect of the excess
beyond such one-third._

(2) Every wakaf khas or nazar made after 1st July 1968 shall be null and void
unless —

(a) the President shall have expressly sanctioned and validated or ratified
the same in writing in accordance with the Muslim law; or

(b) it was made during a serious illness from which the maker subsequently
died and was made in writing by an instrument executed by him and witnessed by
2 adult Muslims one of whom shall be a Kadi or Naib Kadi.

(3) If no Kadi or Naib Kadi is available as described in subsection (2)(b),
any other adult Muslim who would not have been entitled to any beneficial
interests in the maker’s estate had the maker died intestate shall be a
competent witness.

(4) This section shall not operate to render valid any will, death-bed gift,
wakaf or nazar which is invalid under the provisions of the Muslim law or of
any written law.

[emphasis added]

The will

10 The will, a subject matter of dispute before the court, was made in the
Malay language and headed in the original with the word “ _wasiat_ ”, meaning
“will”. In so far as is material, the said will, translated in English and
produced in court, reads as follows:

_Will_

In the name of Allah, The Most Gracious and Most Merciful.

Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Universe. Salutations and peace be upon our
Prophet, Muhammad, his family and all his companions.

I, Haji Ibrahim bin Abdul Samad (S 0257773 I) sincerely bear witness that
there is no God but Allah and Muhammad is His Messenger, in a state of good
health and of sound mind hereby willingly and without coercion from anyone
divide my property into three parts and they are as follows:

One third of my property has already been given in a manner known as NUZRIAH
(Vow). That is, my bequeath [_sic_] shall come into force three days before my
death if it is due to illness, or one hour before my death if it is sudden, to
the names mentioned below in accordance with the percentages explained thus:

1\. My son Mohamad Taha ……….………. 15%

2\. My daughter Nyaros …………… 10%

3\. My daughter Apon ……………. 10%

4\. My daughter Zainun …………… 10%

5\. My daughter Amida …………… 10%

6\. My grandson Fakharuddin Arrazi Bin Mohammad Ismail .. 5%

7\. My grandson Saiful Bahari …………………………….. 5%

8\. My wife Jenab Bte Samat ………………………………. 35%

Another one third is bequeathed as charities to two mosques equally and which
names are mentioned below:

1\. Ba Alawi Mosque … Luis Road … Bukit Timah … Singapore

2\. Muhajirin Mosque … Braddell Road … Singapore

Another one third is divided in accordance with the Faraid law (Islamic Law of
Inheritance) to all my beneficiaries including those whom I have given in a
manner known as Nuzriah during my lifetime.

I hereby remind my children, wife and all my family to be devout towards Allah
and to pray to Allah to forgive me. I give my consent for them to pay my
fasting “fidiah” (monetary payment in lieu of obligatory fasting) through
their “Ihsan” (goodwill) and perform the Pilgrimage as well as the Minor
Pilgrimage or perform the Sacrificial Rites (Qurban). The handling of my body
for the purpose of burial shall be carried out in accordance with the
obligatory and customary rites in Islam.

I hereby appoint: Mr Mohammad Taha Bin Ibrahim to be my executor
(administrator of my will). My instruction in this will is pronounced
willingly by me before two witnesses whose names and signatures appeared at
the bottom.

Pronounced by:

Signed

Haji Ibrahim Bin Abdul Samad

1\. Witness: Syed Abdillah Aljufri signature: signed

2\. Witness: Abdul Rahim Saleh signature: signed

Dated: 9th December 1996 in accordance with 28th Rajab 1417.

Witnessed and certified by me, Syed Isa Mohd Bin Semait.

Signed

Syed Isa Mohamed Bin Semait  
Mufti of Singapore

SEAL

11 Since the word “bequeath”, appearing in the second line of the third
paragraph of the will, seemed syntactically out of tune, the court asked the
counsel whether the right word should have been “bequest”. On this, the court
was informed by the court interpreter, with the concurrence of both counsel,
that the correct word should have been “gift”.

12 It must also be remarked at this juncture that the execution of the will by
the testator on 9 December 1996 was witnessed by one Syed Abdillah Aljufri
(since deceased) and one Abdul Rahim Salleh. The will was also certified and
validated by the Mufti of Singapore, Tuan Syed Isa Mohd bin Smith (the name
“Smith” sometimes spelt as “Semait”) (“Tuan Syed Isa”) on the very date of its
execution. It was said that the late Syed Abdillah Aljufri and the Mufti were
two of the five members of the Fatwa Committee of Muis that considered the
validity of the will and issued a ruling subsequently on 23 February 1998.
Tuan Syed Isa, who appeared in this case as the defendant’s expert, is still
the Mufti and the chairman of the said Committee.

Chronology of events

13 Following the demise of the testator on 14 September 1997, the defendant,
who is the executor and trustee named in the will, engaged the legal firm of
M/s Mallal & Namazie with a view to obtaining probate. The plaintiffs, on
their part, engaged another firm of solicitors, M/s Palakrishnan & Partners,
who after lodging a caveat against the estate in the Registry of the
Subordinate Courts, notified the other side on 17 December 1997 of their
clients’ intention to contest the will on the ground that the said will
contravenes Muslim law, in that it purports to distribute only one-third and
not two-thirds of the properties left behind by the testator. What happened
next was that the defendant’s solicitors wrote to the Fatwa Committee of Muis
for an opinion. Admittedly, neither the plaintiffs nor their solicitors were
consulted on the text of the request. The request was also not copied to the
plaintiffs. In so far as is material, the said request reads as follows:

23rd January 1998

We act for Mohammad Taha bin Ibrahim one of the lawful sons and the executor
of the Will of the abovenamed deceased who died on 14th September 1997.

We enclose herewith a copy of the deceased’s Will and a certified translation
thereof. You will note from the deceased’s Will that same is broken up into
three parts namely:-

(a) A nazar which relates to 1/3rd of the deceased’s estate;

(b) A charitable bequest which relates to 1/3rd of the deceased’s estate; and

(c) The balance 1/3rd to be distributed in accordance with “Faraid”.

We write requesting you to let us have your views as to whether or not the
nazar is a valid nazar having regard to the fact that :-

1\. Same has been duly witnessed by two persons and certified by the Mufti;
and

2\. The deceased died [_sic_] after suffering renal impairment and advanced
prostrate [_sic_] cancer (he was diagnosed as suffering from prostrate [_sic_]
cancer in 1996) which the deceased was aware of at the time of making the Will
which was made 9 months prior to his death. Some time in May 1997 4 months
before the deceased[’s] death he informed his executor about his nazar and his
Will and handed him the original Will for his retention.

Alternatively has there been any compliance with section 60 (2) (a) of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act in that sanction, validation or ratification
of the nazar has been made by the President, Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura.

We also write requesting you to let us have your opinion as to whether in the
event the nazar is valid the gift to the two mosques relates to 1/3rd of the
entire property of the estate or 1/3rd of the remaining two-third share
therein of the estate having regard to the limit of the testamentary
disposition to a 1/3rd share in Muslim estates.

In this event 2/3rd share in the remaining 2/3rd of the estate would be
distributed in accordance with Faraid.

Your urgent response would be appreciated.

14 The defendant’s solicitors on 23 February 1998 also wrote to the Syariah
Court for the requisite inheritance certificate and obtained the same on 2
March 1998. In the said certificate, it was stated by the Syariah Court that
the estate of the deceased should be divided into 104 shares and be
apportioned as to 13 shares to the deceased’s wife, 14 shares each to the
three sons, and seven shares each to the seven daughters. This certificate is
not a subject of debate before the court.

15 In the event, a _fatwa_ was issued on 23 February 1998 and transmitted to
the defendant’s solicitors thereafter. On 6 April 1998, the defendant’s
solicitors forwarded to the plaintiffs’ solicitors the said _fatwa_ together
with a copy of the testator’s last will and the certificate issued by the
Syariah Court. In their letter which enclosed all the aforesaid documents, the
defendant’s solicitors estimated the value of the testator’s estate to be in
the region of $2.1m.

16 The _fatwa_ issued by Muis (as translated into English) reads as follows:

1\. The firm of Mallal & Namazie forwarded a copy of the will made on 9th
December, 1996 by the deceased, Haji Ibrahim Bin Abdul Samad. In the will, the
deceased divided his estate into 3 parts, ie, 1/3 as nuzriah; 1/3 bequest for
two mosques as stated therein and 1/3 according to faraid law.

2\. They queried whether the nazar made in the will is valid or not and the
part of the will for the two mosques is 1/3 of the whole estate or from the
balance after distribution of nuzriah?

3\. The Fatwa Committee opines that the nazar made in the will is valid. The
1/3 for the two mosques is from the balance after distribution of nuzriah. Or
to make the picture clearer, the estate of the deceased is divided into 27
parts as follows:

nuzriah 9 parts

legacy for the two mosques 6 parts

beneficiaries (distribution according to faraid) _12 parts_

Total _27 parts_

_MUIS’s translation of para 3:_

(The Fatwa Committee is of the opinion that according to Islam Law the nazar
is valid. The gift by wasiat to the two mosques relates to 1/3 of the
remaining two-third share therein of the estate. That is, the estate should be
distributed as follows

nazar (sic?) 9 parts

the charitable bequest to the two mosques 6 parts

beneficiaries according to faraid _12 parts_

Total _27 parts_ )

Sgd

Syed Isa Mohd B Semait  
Mufti of Singapore  
Chairman Fatwa Committee  
Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura.  
Dated: 23rd February, 1998

17 The plaintiffs did not accept the advice contained in the _fatwa_. In the
meantime, two of the children of the testator, Apon bte Ibrahim and Amida bte
Ibrahim, both beneficiaries under the _nuzriah_ segment as well as the legal
heirs segment, renounced their purported shares under the _nuzriah_ segment
and made statutory declarations to confirm their renunciation. Although
solicitors for the plaintiffs wrote to Muis expressing their clients’ protests
over the _fatwa_ whilst bringing to its attention the said renunciations, it
was to no avail. In a letter dated 28 September 1999, Muis informed the
plaintiffs’ solicitors in the following terms:

We refer to your letter of 1 Jun 99. We would like to apologise for the late
reply.

2 Your question was referred to the Mufti who is also the Chairman of the
Fatwa Committee. Nuzriah and Will differs in the sense that the latter only
take effect after the deceased death. The former, however, is legally
effective in Islamic Law upon the time mentioned in the Nuzriah.

3 Nuzriah does not constitute a Will or form part of a Will, which rightfully
should be allocated 1/3 of the whole estate and not more. Nuzriah, on the
other hand, has no maximum limit. Drawing up a Nuzriah and a Will at the same
time from one particular person does not contravene the Islamic Law, even if
the total shares exceeded 1/3 of the total estate.

4 Our Fatwa issued on 3 Aug 98, clearly stated that the Nuzriah is still valid
despite a party or the whole parties’ disclaim over the Nuzriah’s shares.
Thus, despite her statutory declaration, the person Apon Binte Ibrahim is
still considered as the rightful and legal owner of the shares mentioned in
the Nuzriah and if she wishes to disclaim it, she may give the shares to any
party that she wishes to.

18 As the events unfolded, the plaintiffs filed this originating summons on 24
August 2001. The application was amended on 11 September 2001 seeking the
following orders:

1\. a declaration that the Will of Haji Ibrahim bin Abdul Samad alias Nordin
bin Samat, deceased, dated 9th December 1996 is valid only according to
Islamic law of inheritance (Faraid) as regards the bequeaths [_sic_] to the 2
mosques stated therein as it is within one-third of the estate of the testator
but the remaining two-thirds share would be divided amongst the lawful
beneficiaries of the deceased in accordance with the Certificate of
Inheritance issued by the Syariah Court of Singapore dated 2nd March 1998;

2\. further, a declaration that paragraph 3 of the Will purporting to bequeath
on the Testator’s property before his death in a manner known as NUZRIAH, be
void;

3\. that the Defendant shall not distribute the assets of the estate to those
listed in para 3 of the said Will of Haji Ibrahim bin Abdul Samad alias Nordin
bin Samat, deceased;

4\. costs for the Plaintiffs;

5\. any other orders or directions as deemed fit by the Honourable Court.

19 There is one further detail that requires mention here. On 5 April 2002,
Haji Maarof bin Haji Salleh, the then President of Muis, issued a belated
ratification of the _nuzriah_ segment of the will. The said letter, exhibited
in the affidavit of the defendant filed on 9 April 2002, reads as follows:

I have read the copy of the document attached hereto entitled “WASIAT” which
was executed by the Deceased on 9 Dec 1996.

The said document contains a “Nuzriah” over 1/3rd of the Deceased’s assets.

I hereby sanction, validate and/or ratify the said “Nuzriah” in accordance
with section 60(2)(a) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Chapter 3, 1999
Revised Edition).

Evidence and arguments

20 As could be seen from the foregoing will, there are three segments: the
first concerns the much contested _nuzriah_ , the second pertains to two named
mosques and the third deals with the purported shares of the legal heirs.
Although there were a number of affidavits filed by the parties to this
litigation raising a number of disputed facts, oral and cross-examination, by
choice, were confined only to one expert each. The expert for the plaintiffs
is Dr Ismail bin Mohd (alias Abu Hassan), an Assistant Professor from the
International Islamic University of Malaysia. His opinion is contained in
three affidavits filed by him, on 22 October 2001, 3 June 2002 and 20 January
2003. The defendant’s expert is Tuan Syed Isa. He is none other than the Mufti
of Singapore, the one who had validated the will of the testator on the day it
was made and the one who presided over the Fatwa Committee later and gave a
view in favour of the defendant. His opinion is contained in three affidavits
filed by him on 8 April 2002, 3 October 2002 and 24 April 2004 respectively.
Both witnesses testified in person and were questioned extensively. The
significant aspects of their evidence can be recapitulated as follows.

_Plaintiffs’ expert’s evidence_

21 In Dr Ismail’s opinion, the _nuzriah_ segment, whereby the testator
purported to give one-third of his estate to a number of legal heirs, is
invalid under the laws of Islam. Dr Ismail said that the term “ _nuzriah_ ”
could not be found in any of the books or treatises published by Muslim
jurists. However, the word “ _nazar_ ” (vow) appears in several textbooks and
foremost amongst them is Nawawi’s _Minhaj et Talibin (A Manual of Muhammadan
Law According to the School of Shafii)_ (W Thacker & Co, 1914). According to
Nawawi (see pp 495–499), and annotated in Dr Ahmad Ibrahim’s _Islamic Law in
Malaya_ ([7] _supra_ at pp 281–282):

Vows are of two kinds—

1\. A vow with a penalty, consisting, _eg_ , in the following words:— “If I
speak to him I engage before God to fast,” or “to enfranchise a slave.” If not
kept this vow obliges the person formulating it to accomplish the expiation
prescribed for perjury, or, according to one authority, to accomplish the
expiatory action promised. A single authority gives the person who owes
expiation a choice between the expiation for perjury and the expiatory act
promised. [It is to this latter doctrine I give the preference, as do the
jurists of Irak.] On the other hand, a person who says, “If I enter such-and-
such a house I engage to perform the expiation prescribed for perjury[”], need
only undergo the expiation for perjury.

2\. A vow of gratitude, consisting in an engagement towards God to acquit
oneself of some good work in the hope of obtaining from Him some favour or of
avoiding some calamity. This vow may be formulated, for example, in the
following terms:— “If God heals my sickness I engage to accomplish before Him
such-and-such an act,” or “I engage to perform such-and-such an action.” A
promise such as this should be accomplished if the event hoped for takes
place, _ie_ if the condition is fulfilled. The accomplishment of the promise
is obligatory even where it is not made dependent upon a condition, for
example, if one says, “I engage before God to fast.”

A vow may not have for its object an action that is unjust or that is already
obligatory. A person who vows to perform some indifferent action, or to
abstain from it, need not keep his engagement, provided he acquits himself of
the expiation for perjury, at least according to the theory which is to be
preferred.

22 According to Dr Ismail, the portion purportedly given away by the testator
under the name “ _nuzriah_ ” does not seem to fit, even in the least, the
examples and illustrations cited by Nawawi and Ahmad Ibrahim in their books,
nor does the term conform or accord with the principles underlying the
doctrine of _nazar_ expounded in those writings. He said that, to the best of
his knowledge and research, this _nuzriah_ , as it is characterised by the
defendant’s expert, is not known nor practised in Indonesia, Malaysia or any
part of the Muslim world of the Shafii school. After dealing with the general
principles of the Muslim law of inheritance and some unique features of Muslim
jurisprudence relating to (a) “ _wakaf_ ” (sometimes spelt as “ _waqf_ ”)
which means a permanent dedication by a Muslim of any movable or immovable
property for any purpose recognised by Muslim law as pious, religious or
charitable, (b) “ _wasiyyah_ ” (sometimes spelt as “ _wasiyya_ ”, “ _wasiyyat_
” or “ _wasiat_ ”), meaning bequest or will, and (c) “ _hibah_ ” or “ _hiba_
”, meaning gift, Dr Ismail said (see paras 29 to 32 of his opinion, referred
to in the plaintiffs’ affidavit of 22 October 2001):

29\. … A Muslim who leaves heirs cannot dispose by will of more than one-third
of what remains of his estate after payment of funeral expenses and debts. The
remaining two-thirds of the estate are distributed according to the
inheritance law among his heirs.

30\. It is clear that the Will made by Haji Ibrahim as to limit one third of
his property to be divided according to the system of _faraid_ is in
contradiction to the principle of _faraid_. (See para 29). The legal heirs
will take their portion of inheritance according to their quantum of
entitlement only after the settlement of all necessary rights as previously
mentioned. The remainder can either be less or more than one third of the
whole estate.

31\. It can be noticed that Haji Ibrahim’ Will, to some extent, disregards the
Muhammadan Law and offends it by purporting to bequest his estate by way of
_nuzriyyah_ , _waqf_ or charitable bequest (_sadaqah_), and limiting one third
to be divided according to _faraid_. The fact is that the Will is void to the
extent of its inconsistency with the tenets of _shariah_ and to the extent of
its _ultra vires_ with the right of the legal heirs. Meaning to say that the
bequeathable third is valid and any exceeding portion is invalid subject to
the consent of the legal heirs. If someone bequeaths half or the whole
property of his estate to the non-legal heir eg his adopted son, it may not
render the will to be void, it is valid to the bequeathable third only. Any
exceeding amount, which is _ultra vires_ to the legal heirs, is subject to
their consent. But, if he bequeaths that one of his son [_sic_] should be
excluded from the entitlement of inheritance, the will is void since the son
is the legal heir. Therefore, the Will of Haji Ibrahim, cannot in any way to
be said _void ab initio_ , as we have to scrutinize it since the _shariah_ has
drawn a way to harmonize the wish of the proprietor (the deceased) and the
welfare of the legal heirs.

32\. In the light of the above analysis, it is hereby submitted that the gift
(_hibah_) made in the Will by way of _nuzriyyah_ does not comply with the
principles of gift (_hibah_), nor does it consistent [_sic_] to the principles
of _nazar_ or _nuzriyyah_. It is covered and should be regulated by the
principle of bequest whereby only two persons who are non legal heirs may
entitle for the portion. The waqf or charitable bequest (sadaqah) is valid but
subject to the principle of bequest (wasiyyah). Therefore, both the
_nuzriyyah_ and the _waqf_ or charitable bequest (_sadaqah_) should subject to
the principle of the bequeathable third. The Will as to divide the remainder
(1/3) purported by the testator according to _faraid_ is tantamount to the
principle of _faraid_ itself and bequest, and therefore should be disregarded.

_Defendant’s expert’s evidence_

23 Tuan Syed Isa’s opinion, in so far as is material, as contained in his
first affidavit filed on 9 April 2002, is as follows:

6\. Firstly, I wish to state that nuzriahs are practised among Muslims of the
Shafei sect. Nuzriahs actually originate from nazars and can be considered to
be a form of nazars.

7\. Secondly, although the document executed by the Deceased is entitled
“Wasiat”, which roughly means “Bequest”, the Nuzriah created by the Deceased
is supposed to take effect 3 days before the Deceased’s death, or 1 hour
before his death in the case of a sudden death. The Nuzriah is therefore a
transaction made during the life of the Deceased, and it cannot be classified
as a bequest, ie wasiyyah. Accordingly, the Muslim law of bequests, ie Wasiat,
cannot apply to the Nuzriah.

8\. Since the Nuzriah was made during the life of the Deceased, it follows
that the Muslim law of succession, i.e. faraid, is not applicable to the
Nuzriah.

9\. Furthermore, a nuzriah must be distinguished from a hiba, i.e. gift.
Conceptually, a nuzriah is distinct from a hiba. Therefore, the Muslim law
concerning hibas cannot be applied to nuzriahs.

10\. According to the opinion of Imam Nawawi, one may make a nazar to perform
any work, provided that it is not obligatory upon him, such as looking after a
sick person, accompanying a funeral to the grave or making a salutation.

11\. Both of the Plaintiffs’ experts are of the opinion that the Nuzriah
created by the Deceased by his will dated 9 December 1996 is invalid under
Muslim law. In the case of Asst Professor Dr Ismail bin Mohd, the objections
raised by him to the Nuzriah can be summarised as follows:

a. The Deceased had already bequeathed 1/3rd of his assets to the mosques. To
allow him to bequeath any further part of his assets by way of the Nuzriah
would infringe the 1/3rd rule and be contrary to faraid (see paras 30-31 of
his Opinion).

b. As a bequest (“wasiat”), the Nuzriah would infringe the rule that prohibits
a bequest to legal heirs beyond their entitlement under faraid (see para 11 of
his Opinion).

c. As a gift (“hiba”), the Nuzriah would infringe the rule that a gift must be
completed by transfer of title or ownership to the donees. It is invalid
except for 2 donees (see paras 10, 15 of his Opinion). Also, it infringes the
rule that the gift must treat close relatives equally (see para 14 of his
Opinion).

d. The Nuzriah per se does not fulfil the requirements for a nazar and does
not fall within the divisions mentioned or clarified by Nawawi (see para 13 of
his Opinion).

12\. Based on the principles I have mentioned above, my response to Asst
Professor Dr Ismail bin Mohd’s opinion is as follows:

a. Since the Nuzriah is a transaction made during the life of the Deceased,
the 1/3rd rule is not applicable. The Nuzriah is not part of the distribution
of the Deceased’s estate upon his death.

b. Since the Nuzriah is a transaction made during the life of the Deceased, it
cannot be treated as a bequest. The rule that prohibits a bequest to legal
heirs beyond their entitlement under faraid is therefore not applicable.

c. The Nuzriah is not a hiba and must not be treated as one. It follows that
the rules of hiba are not applicable.

d. There is no basis for saying that the Nuzriah does not fall within the
divisions mentioned or clarified by Nawawi.

24 In his testimony, Tuan Syed Isa maintained that the giving away of property
by an individual by way of _nuzriah_ , as was done in the will of the
testator, is not new to Singapore; Muis has registered 36 such _nuzriah_ since
1997 and the practice is at least 500 years old. In this regard, reference was
made by him to an Arabic compilation with the title _Bugyat ul Mustarsyideen
(The Aspiration of the Seekers of Guidance)_ , put together by a much
respected Mufti of Hadramout, Sayyid Abdul Rahman bin Muhammad bin Hussain bin
Umar Al Masyhuur Ba’alawie. This work is reported to contain the differing
viewpoints of two well-known religious scholars and the summary of some edicts
by Ibn Ziyad. The extracts referred to the court by Tuan Syed Isa will be
referred to later in this judgment.

25 Tuan Syed Isa said that the doctrine of _Nazar_ is rooted in a verse from
the Quran (Sura 76: verse 7 (_Dahr_ , or Time, or _Insan_ , or Man),
reproduced in Yusuf Ali’s _The Glorious Quran – Translation and Commentary_ ,
(2nd Ed, 1977) which reads:

They perform (their) vows,  
And they fear a Day  
Whose evil flies far and wide.

26 Tuan Syed Isa, in his testimony, said that the property, delineated as
_nuzriah_ by the testator, should not be regarded as a bequest and
consequently did not offend the laws of inheritance under Muslim law because
the said segment was given away during the testator’s lifetime, although it
was to take effect three days before the death of the testator in case of
illness, or one hour before death, if death were to occur suddenly. Tuan Syed
Isa also expressed his view that the portion ear-marked as _nuzriah_ by the
testator could not be regarded under Muslim law as _hiba_ (gift) because of
the absence of actual delivery by the donor and acceptance by the donees of
the subject matter. He further claimed that the _nuzriah_ portion became
vested in the beneficiaries named under the said segment on 9 December 1996
itself, the very day the will was executed.

27 Tuan Syed Isa was asked why the testator was still seen to be holding on to
the property said to be divested if the _nuzriah_ portion was indeed divested
by the testator as on 9 December 1996 by declaring that “my bequeath [_sic_]
[gift] shall come into force three days before my death if it is due to
illness, or one hour before my death if it is sudden”. Tuan Syed Isa replied,
“Actually your Honour, when _nazar_ is made, he [the testator] should
implement it right away, immediately … Yes, it should be given physically.”[1]
Another highlight in his testimony was that although the testator had under
his will divided his estate into three equal parts, the distribution in equal
parts to all three segments would offend the Muslim law of inheritance, hence
resulting in the Fatwa Committee’s apportionment of the estate as to nine
parts to the _nuzriah_ segment, six parts to the mosques segment and 12 parts
to the legal heirs segment.[2]

28 Tuan Syed Isa mentioned further that, on 9 December 1996, when the testator
appeared at the Muis offices for his will to be witnessed and consequently to
be certified, Tuan Syed Isa’s conversation with the testator was brief and
there was no discussion or inquiry concerning why the testator was demarcating
a portion of his estate by way of _nuzriah_. He disclosed that although there
were several such _nuzriah_ registered with Muis, this was the first case
where a _fatwa_ was requested. He also disclosed that the deliberation by the
Fatwa Committee lasted for about 30 minutes.[3] In relation to the
implications of s 60 of the AMLA ([9] _supra_), the court could not get much
input from Tuan Syed Isa, since counsel for the defendant rose to say that
Tuan Syed Isa was called to court to testify only in relation to Muslim law
and he would be ill-equipped to handle questions on statutory provisions.[4]
This was most unfortunate, since a _fatwa_ issued without an understanding of
s 60 of the AMLA which, amongst other things specifically deals with _nazar_ ,
is, in my view, bound to be deficient as we shall see later. Tuan Syed Isa,
however, conceded that there was no agreed view amongst scholars concerning
the particular practice of _nazar_ or _nuzriah_.[5]

29 Tuan Syed Isa also stated that even if a person were to give away his
entire estate by way of _nuzriah_ to any of his preferred legal heirs, it was
lawful and valid according to Muslim law.[6] This view is a reiteration of a
statement contained in the letter dated 28 September 1999 ([17] _supra_) from
Muis addressed to the plaintiffs’ solicitors, which reads:

Nuzriah, on the other hand, has no maximum limit. Drawing up a Nuzriah and a
Will at the same time from one particular person does not contravene the
Islamic Law, even if the total shares exceeded 1/3 of the total estate.

Arguments in a nutshell

30 Lengthy arguments were presented by both counsel, contending for the
opposites. I do not propose to rehearse them here at length and they will be
referred to later in this judgment, if need be. In essence, the argument by
the plaintiffs’ counsel was that the _nuzriah_ segment is invalid; it is
repugnant to the principles of Muslim law and the apportionment attempted by
the Fatwa Committee is not consonant with the plain language of the will,
which calls for equal portions to all three segments. Counsel for the
defendant, on the other hand, contended that the _nuzriah_ is well entrenched
in Singapore; the wording of the will is such that the said segment cannot be
regarded as a bequest; and the division re-done by the Fatwa Committee was to
give effect to the principles of Muslim law. Defendant’s counsel further
submitted that the issue whether the _nuzriah_ is valid or not had been
considered by the Fatwa Committee and, although the ruling is not binding on
this court, it must, nonetheless, be accorded the weight it deserves. He added
further that in the event the court were to hold that the _nuzriah_ is
invalid, no issue of apportionment between the _nuzriah_ and the mosques
segment arises and that the mosques segment should receive the entire one-
third share.[7]

Decision

31 A principal restriction in Muslim law, as has been declared in all the
authoritative works and treatises, and referred to in s 114 of the AMLA, is
that a testator is not entitled to dispose of more than one-third of the
property belonging to him at the time of death, and that the residue of his
property must descend in fixed proportions to his legal heirs unless consent
is given by all legal heirs to any deviation from the rule. In Singapore,
under s 115 of the AMLA, the Syariah Court is charged with the responsibility
of issuing the requisite inheritance certificate setting out the said fixed
proportion of each heir.

32 The principles stated above have been consistently re-affirmed in several
reported cases in Singapore and Malaysia, both before and after the coming
into force of the AMLA.

33 In _Shaik Abdul Latif v Shaik Elias Bux_ (1915) 1 FMSLR 204, the appeal
court held (as stated in the headnote of the report):

[U]nder Mohammedan Law a testator has the power to dispose of not more than
one-third of the property belonging to him at the time of death; and that the
residue of such property must descend in fixed proportions to those declared
by Mohammedan Law to be his heirs unless the heirs consent to a deviation from
this rule …

34 The foregoing view was amplified in _Siti binti Yatim v Mohamed Nor bin
Bujai_ (1928) 6 FMSLR 135, where the High Court held that the will of a Muslim
which attempts to prefer one heir by giving him a larger share of the estate
than he is entitled to by Muslim law is wholly invalid as to such bequest
without the consent of the other heirs.

35 The High Court in Singapore also has affirmed the above-stated principles
in a number of cases (see: _Re Fatimah Binte Mohamed Bin Ali Al Tway,_
_Deceased_ [1933] 1 MLJ 211 (“ _Re Fatimah_ ”); _Abdul Jabbar v M Mohamed
Abubacker_ [1940] 1 MLJ 286 – although this case involved a Hanafi, the
applicable principles are nonetheless the same in relation to bequests; and
_Re Estate of Siti bte Naydeen_ [1984–1985] SLR 468). I shall revert to _Re
Fatimah_ later in this judgment.

36 Returning to the issues before this court, the first question relates to
whether the property purportedly given away by the testator as _nuzriah_ is a
bequest, gift or a valid _nazar_. The plaintiffs’ contention is that it is a
bequest that offends the Muslim law on inheritance. The defendant, whilst
saying that it is not a gift, maintains that it is a _nuzriah_ , which is
something given during the life of the testator.

37 It must be remarked at the outset that the phraseology used by the testator
in the will, particularly in relation to the _nuzriah_ segment, lends itself
to much difficulty and confusion. First, the document is headed as “ _wasiat_
”, meaning “will”. Next, the document, as translated and produced to the
court, appears on the face of it to present itself either as a bequest or a
gift. The operative words are: “my bequeath [_sic_]”. The word “bequeath” is
plainly a wrong rendering of the relevant Malay word in the original document.
It is either “bequest”, “bequeathal” or some other word. The court interpreter
said that the correct translation is “gift”. The defendant’s side, not
surprisingly, shies away from both the words, for if, indeed, it is a bequest,
the said segment substantially becomes void, unless consented to by all the
legal heirs; if it is, on the other hand, a gift, there is no running away
from the fact that in the absence of delivery and acceptance, the segment also
fails. So the question is: Could this be a valid _nazar_?

38 The concept of _nazar_ , as described by Nawawi and other writers, is of
two kinds: a vow with a penalty or a vow of gratitude. The _nazar_ or
_nuzriah_ as mentioned in the will, is certainly not one of penalty. Is it
then a vow of gratitude? The defendant’s expert, Tuan Syed Isa, claims that
the present _nuzriah_ is one of good deed or charity,[8] implying that it is
more akin to a vow of gratitude. But where is the evidence to underpin such a
claim? As it stands, the will is unhelpful and silent as to the backdrop of
any such vow. Tuan Syed Isa, who attended to the testator at the time the will
was executed, was also unable to throw any light on the background since he
neither inquired nor was told by the testator of the reasons why this
_nuzriah_ was made.

39 Tuan Syed Isa, in his evidence, said that _nuzriah_ is a minor _nazar_ and
the concept of _nazar_ is anchored in the Quranic verse (Sura 76, verse 7,
[25] _supra_). In this regard, it is instructive to make reference to p 1656
of Yusuf Ali’s _The Glorious Quran — Translation and Commentary_ ([25]
_supra_), where the author appends a footnote to the said verse (n 5837),
which reads as follows:

The vows must be vows of spiritual service, which of course includes service
to humanity, such as is mentioned in the next verse [Sura 76, verse 8]. They
are Devotees of God, and they must perform all vows and contracts [Sura 5,
verse 1 and n 682]. …

40 Looking at the will objectively, it is difficult to discern any content of
spiritual service, service to humanity or any existing obligation to fulfil a
contract in the _nuzriah_ segment. On the face of it, it appears to be no more
than a direction by the testator to give an additional portion of his estate
to some of his children and grandchildren. It is clearly an expression of
preference. If the portion delineated was given away during his lifetime by
the testator to the named beneficiaries, it would have constituted a gift
_inter vivos_ and the plaintiffs would not have been in a position to
challenge the said direction, for there is no legal impediment in Muslim law
for a person to give away any amount of his wealth or assets during his
lifetime. But in the case at hand, contrary to the assertion of the
defendant’s expert witness, the property is not divested by the testator on 9
December 1996, because of the testator’s express stipulation that his
“bequeath [_sic_]” or gift shall come into force only three days before his
death in case of illness and one hour before his death if it is sudden.

41 In my evaluation, with the greatest respect to Tuan Syed Isa and his
undoubted piety and sincerity, his analysis does not stand up to scrutiny. Let
me elaborate.

42 Tuan Syed Isa mentioned that the _nuzriah_ is not new to Singapore and it
goes a long way back. In this regard, he also made reference to an anecdote
cited as “case F” in _Bugyat ul Mustarsyideen_ ([24] _supra_), of a person
making a conditional “ _nadzr_ ” (_nazar_) “in favour of his daughter to give
her jewellery that [was] in her keeping and to give money to the rest of the
children that is to take effect three days before his death if he dies of
sickness and an hour before his death if he dies a sudden death”. The said
anecdote is immediately followed by the sentence: “Both the ‘nadzrs’ are
valid.”

43 Whilst I do not propose to second-guess the scholarship and erudition
contained in the said commentary, it should be remarked at once that the cover
of this commentary itself exhibits a caveat that the work contains not a
single point of view but the differing viewpoints of two well-respected
_shaiks_ (leaders). In any event, the translation produced to the court is so
mangled that it is very difficult to deduce any central principle with a
measure of certainty.

44 Counsel for the defendant, through Tuan Syed Isa, invited the court’s
attention to yet another Arabic treatise, _Syarh ul Yaquut un Nafees
(Commentary on the Precious Ruby)_ by Muhammad bin Ahmad Asy Syatiri. A
translation of pp 432 to 434 from the third volume of the book, contains the
following:

A common scenario is a vow (nadzr) in favour of some children with the
exclusion of others. This is an area of difference amongst the scholars but we
must appreciate that a man may have a number of children and amongst them a
small child and so he bequeaths part of his wealth by way of a nadzr in favour
of the small child for he has already married off the older ones and this one
he has not married him off or because he is unable to support himself. Is such
a nadzr valid? They (scholars) have said that if he selected some
beneficiaries and excluded others and he intends to deprive, there are strong
differences in it. Ibn Hajr said that it is permissible outwardly even though
he may intend to deprive but if he does not intend to deprive but rather that
one of them (children) possesses excellence in knowledge or goodness or piety,
is this nadzr valid? They (scholars) have said that it is valid but there are
scholars who have ruled that it is invalid even in this scenario and amongst
them is Ibn Ziyad and others from the scholars of Yemen but Ibn Hajr and
others have ruled that it is valid. … However if there is a difference between
the two categories like children and brethren, if one makes a nadzr in favour
of his brothers and excludes his children, the nadzr is unanimously valid.

45 The passage cited above, in my view, shows that, at best, not all but a few
hold the view that a vow in favour of some children over others may be valid
in some exceptional circumstances such as necessity and want of support.
Furthermore, that passage also underlines that there are strong differences
amongst the scholars as regards the vow illustrated. There is no indication
from the said passage that scholars have an agreed position to give validity
to the vow. There is clearly an absence of consensus or _Ijmaa_ and in the
premises, the passage cited does not seem to advance the stand-point of the
defendant.

_Nuzriah_ : Bequest, gift or something else? When does it vest?

46 It is an uncontested position that if the first segment of the will, styled
as a _nuzriah_ , were to be regarded as a bequest, it would doubtless run
counter to the principles of Muslim law concerning inheritance. The
plaintiffs’ position is that from whichever angle you look at the so-called
_nuzriah_ , it is nothing but a bequest. Counsel for the defendant argues, on
the other hand, that it is neither a bequest nor a gift but a device of its
own genre, practised over a long period of time and had presently received a
stamp of approval from the Fatwa Committee. To recall the words of Tuan Syed
Isa in paras 6 to 8 of his affidavit filed on 8 April 2002, it is a
transaction made during the life of the testator; it cannot be classified as a
bequest, nor could it be considered a gift. He also ventured to suggest that a
Muslim could give away the entire portion of his estate by way of _nuzriah_ to
a preferred heir and that would be valid according to Muslim law.

47 Counsel for the plaintiffs invited my attention to _Re Fatimah_ ([35]
_supra_), a decision by the High Court of the Straits Settlements dealing with
an Arabic document purporting to be a “ _nasr_ ” (same as the present
_nuzriah_ or _nazar_). The judgment of Sproule ACJ at 211–212 bears
reproduction almost in full. It reads thus:

The position appears to be that Testatrix wished to make this gift but she or
her relatives and advisers were doubtful whether by so doing she might not
exceed the power of disposition of more than one third of her Estate without
the consent of her heirs as required by Mohamedan Law. They appear to have hit
upon the solution of a fiction _nasr_ to save testatrix from all danger of
disconforming from the law of Islam.

A _Nasr_ is a kind of bargain with the Almighty. A donor vows, conditionally
upon recovery from an illness, or the fulfilment of some other dear wish, that
he will make a gift, it may be a sacrificial offering, it may be to charity or
to some individual for the sake of God. If the heart’s wish be granted then
the vow in God’s name becomes irrevocable by a devout Mohamedan.

In our case there is no evidence of any prayer for the granting of any dear
wish, nor of the vouchsafing of that prayer. There is moreover no evidence of
a vow, made in advance, to become binding conditionally upon the granting of
any such prayer. There appear to be no more than the legal fiction of a _nasr_
intended to ensure a devout Mohamedan from possibly infringing the restriction
placed by the Islamic law upon disposition of _wasihat_.

The _nasr_ , moreover appears to call for performance of the gift immediately,
irrevocably and _inter vivos_. … The gift is to be deemed to be of effect
three days before her death if natural one day before, if sudden.

It is very clear to me that in neither case could the gift actually take
effect at all except after and by reason of the donor’s death. …

For these reasons and upon the facts as I see them I hold that Testatrix
really intended by this instrument to make a testamentary disposition, that
her gift was revocable and that it is expressed and was intended only to take
effect conditionally upon and by reason of and subsequent to her own death. I
add that even in form it appears sufficiently to conform to our Wills
Ordinance.

For these reasons I decide this issue in favour of Syed Sallim, and hold that
here was a good Codicil and a good testamentary disposition. I give costs to
both parties out of the general residue, to be taxed as between Solicitor and
Client, I add that the fear of Testatrix’s amateur legal advisers appears to
be groundless and that her Will and Codicil together do not after all appear
in fact or quantum to transgress the prohibition of Mohamedan Law against
disposal by Will of more than one third of a Testator’s Estate, although as I
have stated the transgression in a case like ours of such a prohibition would
not invalidate the Will.

I send the Petition back to the Registrar for formal proof of execution of the
Codicil and a grant of Probate accordingly.

48 It is clear from the reasoning of Sproule ACJ that the “ _nasr_ ” made by
the deceased in _Re Fatimah_ is a testamentary disposition and takes effect
“after and by reason of the donor’s death”. This decision, no doubt, weakens
the very foundation of the defendant’s contention that the present _nuzriah_
takes effect from the day it was made and that it cannot be regarded as a
bequest.

49 Proceeding further, the testimony of Tuan Syed Isa, reaffirming a statement
by the Fatwa Committee in its letter dated 28 September 1999 ([17] _supra_)
that _nuzriah_ has no maximum limit and drawing up a _nuzriah_ and a will at
the same time by one particular person does not contravene Muslim law even if
the total shares exceeded one-third of the total estate, does not seem to
cohere with the letter and spirit of s 60(1) of the AMLA, which states that
whether or not made by way of will or death-bed gift, no _wakaf_ or _nazar_
made after 1 July 1968 and involving more than one-third of the property of
the person making the same shall be valid in respect of the excess beyond such
one-third.

50 Counsel for the defendant seems to suggest – although he is a little
ambivalent in this regard[9] – that the restriction under s 60 of the AMLA
applies only to “ _nazar am_ ” (a _nazar_ intended wholly or in part for the
benefit of the Muslim community generally or part thereof as opposed to an
individual or individuals – see s 2 of the AMLA) and not to a private _nazar_.
I must remark immediately that this submission is clearly erroneous.

51 In my view, s 60 of the AMLA does not make any distinction between private
and public _nazar_. The argument that the legislature, by enacting the said
section, merely intended to impose a one-third restriction to _nazar_ of a
public nature and not to private _nazar_ is plainly unsustainable. There is
absolutely no juridical basis for the legislature to put in place a one-third
limit only to a _nazar_ of a public nature and exempt the private _nazar_ from
such a limit. In my opinion, the language of s 60 of AMLA leaves no room for
ambiguity. It was put in place to reinforce a fundamental Sharia doctrine that
a Muslim can only give away, either by way of will or death-bed gift, one-
third of his estate as _nazar_ or _wakaf_. The doctrine of death-sickness and
death-bed gift (“ _mard al-maut_ ” or “ _mardul-mawt_ ” or “ _mar-zul maut_ ”)
is not in issue in this case. However, for the benefit of those who are not
familiar with Muslim law, I should add that the doctrine of death-sickness or
death-bed gift is concerned with the legal effect of transactions entered into
by persons in their death-sickness (see Coulson, [7] _supra_ , at p 259;
Fyzee, [7] _supra_ , at pp 363 and 364).

52 It is also ironic that the defendant, through his solicitors, applied to
Muis and caused its former President, Haji Maarof Salleh, to ratify the
present private _nazar_ or _nuzriah_ on 5 April 2002 under s 60 of the AMLA.
If the said section is applicable, as is being contended now, only to public
_nazar_ or _nazar am_ , why were steps taken by the plaintiffs to ratify a
private _nazar_? The attempted explanation by counsel that it was an exercise
in error[10] is found by me to be weak and contradictory.

53 Returning to the wording of the _nuzriah_ segment in the will, although it
reads that the “property has already been given”, it was not in fact given
away at the time of execution, since the testator qualifies the foregoing with
a stipulation that his “bequeath [_sic_]” shall come into force three days
before death in case of illness and one hour before death, if sudden. Death,
no doubt, is the only certainty. But can any one predict beforehand with any
degree of certainty that the death of someone will occur on a particular date
and hour? The fiction devised, with great respect to its authors, poses a
puzzle of epic proportions that no mere mortal can ever hope to solve. In this
regard, I should commend Tuan Syed Isa for his candidness when he conceded
that whatever property a person intends to give away by way of _nazar_ should
be given away immediately without any postponement.

54 There is one further point on this subject. In the course of his evidence,
Tuan Syed Isa was asked whether invocation of the name of God was not an
essential pre-requisite for any valid _nazar_. His attention in this respect
was drawn to a passage at p 259 (n 5) of _A Digest of Moohummudan Law_ (Smith
Elder and Co, 1865) by Neil B E Baillie (one of the authoritative books
commended in s 114 of the AMLA), which reads:

The _nuzr_ [_nazar_] is properly a vow taken for God’s sake, to do something
that is good, or abstain from something that is evil. A man has said, “If I
recover from this sickness, I will sacrifice a sheep,” and he does recover;
yet nothing is incumbent on him, unless he had said, “If I recover, then for
the sake of God I am under an obligation to sacrifice.” _Fut Al_ , vol ii p
92.

Baillie cites in this regard _Futuwa Alumgeere_ (vol ii, p 92), a celebrated
digest of Muslim law prepared by the command of the Emperor Aurung-zebe of
India, during the Moghul period. Tuan Syed Isa’s reply, in this regard, was
that a formal invocation of God’s name is not necessary to constitute a valid
_nazar_ or _nuzriah_ by its maker and that the invocation is implicit in the
very pronouncement of the word “ _nazar_ ” or “ _nuzriah_ ”. Although the
views expressed by Baillie in his book as well as by Sproule ACJ in _Re
Fatimah_ do not seem to sit well with the comments made by Tuan Syed Isa, I am
of the view that this is a matter eminently suitable for discussion by Muslim
scholars at a later time and a ruling one way or the other is not crucial to
the resolution of the dispute at hand.

Fatwa Committee deliberations

55 There are many troubling questions concerning the manner in which the will
of the testator came to be certified, validated and subsequently ratified.
Although no negative motive can be attributed to Tuan Syed Isa, his validation
of the will on the day it was executed and his predisposition in favour of its
construction should have effectively ruled him out from partaking in the
deliberation of the Fatwa Committee that upheld its validity. It is an
important principle of Western as well as Muslim jurisprudence that a person
cannot be a judge in his own cause. Whilst I accept that Tuan Syed Isa has no
interest to protect nor any axe to grind with any particular party, his
chairing the Fatwa Committee and issuing a confirmatory ruling under his hand
and seal later, in support of his earlier held view, indeed tend to present
the process in a somewhat lesser light. In this connection, it is instructive
to refer to a recent decision by the House of Lords in _Davidson v Scottish
Ministers_ [2004] UKHL 34, reported in _The Times_ of 16 July 2004, where it
was held that a risk of apparent bias was liable to arise where a judge who
had participated in the drafting or promotion of a piece of legislation during
the parliamentary process was called upon to rule judicially on the effect of
the legislation.

56 When questioned why he and the late Abdillah Al Jufri, a witness to the
will, could not have refrained from partaking in the deliberations of the
Fatwa Committee which was to decide on the validity of the _nuzriah_ , the
reply was that the five official members of the Committee which included Tuan
Syed Isa as the chairman and the late Abdillah Al Jufri were required by the
AMLA to act unanimously. This is clearly wrong because ss 32(4) and 32(5) of
the AMLA specifically provide for a mechanism when there is no unanimity in
the Fatwa Committee. Secondly, under s 31(6) of the AMLA, the chairman (_ie_ ,
the Mufti) and two other members of the Fatwa Committee, one of whom shall not
be a member of Muis, shall form a quorum. Thirdly, under s 31(5) of the AMLA,
the President of Singapore may appoint another person recommended by Muis to
be the chairman of the Fatwa Committee, in the absence of the Mufti. Given the
flexibility, both Tuan Syed Isa and the late Abdillah could and should have
excused themselves from partaking in the said deliberations. It should be
remarked at this stage that counsel for the defendant has quite correctly
conceded in his Submission (paras 78 and 79) that the plain reading of ss
32(4) and 31(6) of the AMLA do not quite support the explanation offered.

Critique on the expert for the plaintiffs

57 Counsel for the defendant, whilst extolling the standing and the
qualifications of Tuan Syed Isa, downplayed the expertise and experience of Dr
Ismail. In my view, the critique is unjustified. The functions of expert
witnesses were succinctly stated by Lord President Cooper in _Davie v Lord
Provost, Magistrates and Councillors of the City of Edinburgh_ [1953] SC 34 at
40, when he said:

Their duty is to furnish the Judge or jury with the necessary scientific
criteria for testing the accuracy of their conclusions, so as to enable the
Judge or jury to form their own independent judgment by the application of
these criteria to the facts proved in evidence.

58 It is a settled principle that when a case falls within the general rule
requiring proof of foreign law (akin to the situation here where a secular
court is to delve into non-secular law) by an expert, the witness must be
properly qualified (see _Cross & Tapper on Evidence_ (8th Ed, 1995) at p 784).
Having reviewed the _curriculum vitae_ and the list of achievements of Dr
Ismail, I have no hesitation in concluding that he is well qualified in Muslim
law to give evidence before this court. I found his testimony, which was
supported by a substantial body of learning, and the manner in which he
answered the questions put to him, to be commendable and worthy of respect.

59 It might be appropriate at this stage to deal with one other evidentiary
aspect. The plaintiffs initially obtained an opinion from one Haji Md Nor Haji
Md Din (“Haji Md Nor”), who is described as a counsel in Islamic Law for the
States of Malacca, Negeri Sembilan and Johor, to support their case. The
translation of Haji Md Nor’s opinion, from Malay to English, was in fact
introduced in evidence by the defendant himself. Not only that, Tuan Syed Isa
himself had made reference to the said opinion in his affidavit of 9 April
2002. Nevertheless, at the commencement of the hearing, counsel for the
defendant took objection to its admission on the basis that the declarant was
not available to give testimony and be cross-examined. I found the objection
valid. However, for the sake of completeness and not otherwise, I ordered the
said opinion to remain on record since the opinion had been referred to by the
defendant’s expert Tuan Syed Isa in his opinion, with the proviso that counsel
for the defendant could submit to the court at the appropriate stage as to the
weight to be given, if at all, to the said opinion. Surprisingly, however,
when the hearing was reaching its end, counsel for the defendant sought to
introduce in evidence a purported opinion (just about a page and a half in
length) from the Mufti of Egypt touching upon the _nuzriah_ before this court.
Counsel for the plaintiffs objected to its admission in evidence, on the same
grounds as those of the defendant raised earlier in relation to Haji Md Nor’s
opinion. Having been informed that the maker of the document would not be
available to testify and be cross-examined, I upheld the objection and ruled
that the said document was not to be admitted in evidence. In any event, the
document tendered is more in the form of a pronouncement than an opinion and
could not have assisted the court much without oral testimony and
clarification.

Division of the three segments – Fatwa Committee re-adjusting the share
proportions

60 Besides the foregoing, the ruling issued by the Fatwa Committee does not
also seem to reflect the true intention of the testator as to the division of
his estate. There are three segments in the will. The testator has directed
that each segment is to receive one-third of his estate. The testator’s wish
to give three equal portions to the three named segments was confirmed by Tuan
Syed Isa. However, realising belatedly after execution and validation of the
will that such equal division would be in violation of the principles of
Muslim law, the Fatwa Committee deemed it fit to apportion the estate as to
nine parts to the _nuzriah_ segment, six parts to the mosques and 12 parts to
the legal heirs. For the purposes of calculation, the Committee notionally
fixed the value of the entire estate to consist of a total of 27 units.

61 Tuan Syed Isa explained that after taking away the first one-third of the
27 notional units for _nuzriah_ (which according to him had been given away by
the testator during his life), there remained 18 units for distribution in
respect of the testator’s bequest. After allotting one-third of the said 18
units (_ie_ six units) to the mosques, the rest (_ie_ 12 units) accrued to the
legal heirs.

62 The question is: If equal division, as desired and directed by the
testator, would be contrary to Islamic law, did it not occur to those who
witnessed the will and who validated the will at the time of its execution
that such a provision mandating equal distribution would not be in consonance
with the principles of Muslim law? Why was such an advice not proffered to the
testator at that point in time and the _wasiat_ corrected? The only reasonable
inference is that not much attention was paid to the wording of the will nor
was the testator fully apprised of the true implications of Muslim law at the
time when he executed the will, as opposed to the claim that there is a
general expectation that Muis would make corrections to the will, if it is
found to contain errors or to be improper.[11]

63 In fact, when asked why there was any need to certify and validate the will
containing the _nuzriah_ , as had been done in this case, Tuan Syed Isa
erroneously relied on s 5(2)(d) of the AMLA[12] which deals with the powers of
Muis and has little to do with wills or _nuzriah_. Counsel for the defendant,
whilst conceding this error on the part of Tuan Syed Isa, went on to explain
that Tuan Syed Isa is not legally trained in civil law and is called to
testify only on Muslim law. To say the least, I was somewhat perplexed by this
submission, for the AMLA is an essential statutory adjunct of Muslim law in
Singapore.

Conclusion

64 Before concluding, I must say in all earnestness that I have the highest
regard for Tuan Syed Isa. His sincerity, zeal and dedication to the office he
holds in the service of the Muslim community in Singapore are worthy of
praise. Similarly, I also hold the members of the Fatwa Committee in high
esteem. However, reviewing all the learning referred to and the arguments
presented, I am of the view that inasmuch as the property delineated for the
purposes of the so-called _nuzriah_ would not leave the control, possession
and ownership of the testator until after his demise, the said _nuzriah_ is no
less than a bequest or testamentary disposition to convey an intended but
invalid gift to the persons named (mostly legal heirs), and it plainly
transgresses the restrictions imposed by Muslim law. The phraseology employed
in the _nuzriah_ segment of the will declaring that the property had already
been given away to the proposed devisees three days or an hour before the
death of the testator is a textual anachronism and does not convert a myth or
fiction into reality, nor do the words referred to render the devise as that
of a transaction completed during the testator’s life. Further, in my view, it
is most likely that if the Fatwa Committee’s attention had been specifically
drawn to the case of _Re Fatimah_ or if the Committee had carefully considered
the wider implications of the peculiar wording of the said _nuzriah_ , it
might well have paused and handed down a different advice.

65 After reviewing all the arguments and having asked myself the Hamlet
questions, my conclusion is that the portion ear-marked as _nuzriah_ is void
not only on account of its discordance with the principles of Muslim law
relating to inheritance but also because of the said segment’s inherent
uncertainty. Such uncertainty does not, however, render the mosques and legal
heirs segments invalid. It follows then – as is being suggested by counsel for
the defendant in para 138 of his Submission – that one-third of the entire
estate of the testator shall go to the two mosques named and the remainder be
distributed to the legal heirs according to their entitlement as stated in the
inheritance certificate issued by the Syariah Court. All said, if the legal
heirs wish to give effect to the general wishes of the testator, as stated in
the will, it is a matter for the legal heirs to decide by unanimous consent
and in this, let prudence be their guide.

66 In the premises, I grant an order in terms of prayers 1, 2 and 3 of the
Amended Originating Summons. I shall hear parties on the question of costs.

Order accordingly.

  

* * *

[1]Page 640 of the NE

[2]Pages 632 to 635 of the NE

[3]Page 567 of the NE.

[4]Page 584 of the NE.

[5]Page 610 of the NE

[6]Page 619 of the NE.

[7]Para 138 of the Defendant’s Submission

[8]See p 578 to 579 of the NE.

[9]See para 127 of the Defendant’s Submission.

[10]Page 590 of the NE.

[11]See p 376 of the NE.

[12]Pages 377 to 378 of the NE.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

