Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 243

Case Number | : | DC Suit 190/2004, RAS 23/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew Chan (Allen and Gledhill) and Chua Boon Thien (David Siow Chua and Tan LLC) for plaintiff; Lai Kwok Seng (Lai Mun Onn and Co) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd — Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Defendant applying to stay
proceedings and refusing to file defence – Whether defendant should file
defence pending outcome of stay application – Whether application to extend
time to serve defence constituting "step in the proceedings" – Whether
application to set aside default judgment constituting "step in the
proceedings" – Section 6(1) Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Default judgment – Plaintiff
obtaining judgment in default of defence – Whether judgment regularly obtained
– Whether judgment should be set aside – Whether defence having real prospect
of success – Principles governing court's discretion to set aside default
judgments  
  

29 October 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The facts of this appeal are simple. On 16 June 1997, the defendant, Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd, as the main
contractor for the “Villa Begonia” development at Saraca Road/Begonia Road
(“the project”), appointed the plaintiff, Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd,
as its nominated sub-contractor for the supply and installation of timber
strip flooring for the project (“the works”). Following the purported
completion of all of the works, a dispute arose between the plaintiff and the
defendant as to the amount due to the plaintiff in respect of the works. That
dispute was not resolved, and on 15 January 2004 the plaintiff commenced
proceedings in the District Court against the defendant for the balance sum of
$134,031.24.

2 The writ of summons was served on 20 January 2004. On the same day, an
appearance to the action was entered on behalf of the defendant. An amended
writ of summons was re-served on the defendant’s solicitor on 5 February 2004.
The deadline for the defendant to serve its defence was 20 February 2004.

3 On 17 February 2004, the defendant applied to stay the entire action under s
6(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed). Before the stay application
could be heard, Mr Chua Boon Thien, for the plaintiff, wrote to the defendant
on 20 February 2004, which was a Friday. In his letter, he called upon the
defendant to serve its defence within 48 hours. Mr Lai Kwok Seng, for the
defendant, spoke to Mr Chua on the same day and in his letter of 24 February,
he confirmed that the defendant would not be filing its defence pending the
outcome of the stay application, which was fixed for hearing on 18 March 2004.
Mr Lai explained that the defendant might be deemed to have taken a step in
the proceedings if it were to file the defence, thereby affecting the stay
application. Moreover, he stated that the filing of the defence would escalate
costs unnecessarily.

4 The defendant’s case is that the contract with the plaintiff contained in or
evidenced by the defendant’s letter dated 16 June 1997 provided for disputes
to be referred to arbitration. The contrary position, which was taken by the
plaintiff, was that the matters forming the subject matter of the action were
not covered by the alleged arbitration clause. There was no agreement to
arbitration as the arbitration clause relied upon by the defendant was
inapplicable as far as the relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendant was concerned.

5 It is common ground that the 48-hour notice expired on 24 February 2004.
Since no defence was served, the plaintiff on 25 February 2004 entered
judgment in default of defence in the sum of $134,031.24. On 9 March 2004, the
defendant applied to set aside the default judgment.

6 The defendant’s application to set aside the default judgment was refused by
the Deputy Registrar, whose decision was reversed on appeal to the district
judge in chambers on 5 May 2004. The plaintiff on 14 May 2004 appealed against
the decision of the district judge in which he set aside the default judgment.

7 Mr Andrew Chan was engaged as counsel to argue the appeal before me on
behalf of the plaintiff. He contends that the plaintiff was entitled to enter
default judgment following the failure of the defendant to serve its defence.
If anything, it was up to the defendant to apply for leave to extend time to
serve the defence. The default judgment was a regular judgment and it should
not be set aside, the contention being that the defendant had not shown that
it had a real prospect of successfully defending the claim.

8 To the defendant, the notice to serve the defence was issued without basis
as the plaintiff was already served with the stay application on 18 February
2004. The defendant relied on the decision in _Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber
Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 (“ _Samsung_ ”) for the proposition that once
a stay application has been served, and until it has been finally disposed of,
it is not proper for the plaintiff to insist on the defence being served and
to enter judgment in default of defence. Mr Lai pinned his colours on the
following passage by Chao Hick Tin JA in _Samsung_ at [7]:

It seems to us that as a matter of logic, it makes absolute sense that when
the question of stay is put in issue that should first be determined before
any further step is taken by either party in the action. In the context of an
arbitration clause, it is all the more so as under s 6(1) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10) it is expressly provided that the party who wants a stay of the
court proceeding should apply “after appearance and before delivering any
pleading or taking any other step in the proceeding”. Once the stay question
is finally determined, then everything else will follow from that.

9 In resisting the appeal before me, the defendant adopted the reasoning of
the learned district judge, who in his Notes of Arguments said that:

In my view, it would be conceptually wrong to compel a Defendant to file his
Defence while the Defendant’s stay application pursuant to s 6(1) of the
Arbitration Act is still pending, as it would be clearly inconsistent with the
requirement in s 6(1) that the Defendant must not deliver any pleading or take
any other step in the proceedings. See the Court of Appeal’s judgment in
_Samsung Corporation v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382.

In my view, a Defendant cannot be required or compelled by the [Rules of
Court] (which is subsidiary legislation) to do something when there is primary
legislation (in this case s 6 Arbitration Act) that requires that he should
not.

In my view, therefore, the Plaintiff was not entitled to insist that the
Defendant file its Defence while the Defendant’s stay application was still
pending. It follows that the Judgment in default of Defence should not have
been entered and must be set aside.

10 A further ground was added as a postscript to the Notes of Arguments. After
setting out in full the text of O 1 r 2(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5
2004 Rev Ed), the district judge stated:

In the present case, there is a dispute as to the jurisdiction of the court.
It follows that the applicability of the Rules is disputed. This issue of
jurisdiction ought to be determined first before the timeframe prescribed in
the Rules for the filing of Defence can be held to apply.

11 As stated above, the plaintiff does not accept that the claims advanced in
the action are within the arbitration clause. Be that as it may, even on the
defendant’s view, the starting point is that the existence of an agreement to
arbitrate does not prevent either party from commencing the action herein. The
common law rule is based on the principle that the parties may not agree to
oust the jurisdiction of the court: see _Arbitration Law_ by Robert Merkin
(LLP, 1991) at para 6.1. Above all, the challenge is not as to the court’s
jurisdiction as such. The defendant here is asking the court to exercise its
discretion not to assume jurisdiction over the case, but to let the case be
heard by the agreed forum of arbitration. The power to grant a stay under the
Arbitration Act is discretionary: see s 6(2) Arbitration Act and _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ , vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) at paras 20.032 and
20.037. The court has discretion to refuse a stay of the action if it is
satisfied that there is “sufficient reason why the matter should not be
referred in accordance with the arbitration agreement”. In contrast, the stay
of proceedings involving a non-domestic arbitration under the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) is mandatory.

12 I agree with the submissions of Mr Chan that _Samsung_ is distinguishable
on its facts and that the issues therein were different. In that case, the
Court of Appeal had to consider whether it was proper for the court to either
waive the requirement of O 14 r 1, or, in the alternative, compel a defendant
to serve his defence so as to enable the plaintiff to apply for summary
judgment. In so allowing, both the stay and O 14 applications could be heard
at the same sitting, as was the practice prior to the amendments to O 14 r 1
that came into effect on 1 December 2002. Previously, a plaintiff could apply
for summary judgment even though a stay application had been filed. The Court
of Appeal held that the new O 14 r 1 changed the previous practice and that
the court should not make a compromise order to compel the defendant to serve
its defence. The compromise order would have allowed the defence to be served
without treating that course as a step in the proceedings.

13 In _Yeoh Poh San v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 91, the defendant applied for
a stay of a Singapore action on grounds of _forum non conveniens_. The
assistant registrar dismissed the application and the defendant appealed. No
defence was filed. Before the appeal was heard, the plaintiff applied for
summary judgment in default of defence, presumably preferring to obtain a
judgment on the merits. In turn, the defendant applied for an extension of
time until after the hearing of the appeal to serve her defence. The Deputy
Registrar who heard the application extended the time to serve the defence by
14 days together with a reservation that in so doing the defendant would not
be treated as having taken a step in the proceedings in the pending appeal to
the judge in chambers. The defendant appealed against the order of the Deputy
Registrar and before Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) she sought a longer
extension of time until she had exhausted all avenues of appeal on the _forum
non conveniens_ point.

14 Woo JC first commented on the situation where parties in general
voluntarily or tacitly agree to keep matters in abeyance pending an
application to stay proceedings on grounds of _forum non conveniens_. He also
went on to deal with the converse situation where a plaintiff, nonetheless,
insists on a defence being served. In the event, the defendant should apply to
extend time to serve the defence under O 3 r 4. The proper order that the
court should make was to extend time to serve the defence until after the
final resolution of the stay application.

15 In my judgment, the proper occasion to cite the observations made by Chao
JA in _Samsung_ and Woo JC in _Yeoh Poh San_ v _Won Siok Wan_ is at the time
when the court hears an application to extend time. Woo JC observed at [19]
that the court should generally allow an application to extend time on the
ground that there was a pending stay application or an appeal to stay the
proceedings, and the court should extend time to serve the defence until the
final resolution of the stay question. The rationale, as explained by Woo JC
and accepted by Chao JA in _Samsung_ , is that the filing of the defence
before the hearing of the original stay application would defeat the purpose
of the stay application. This is equally applicable to an appeal. Woo JC said
that the extension should generally be granted so as not to render the appeal
nugatory. I agree that the court should be wary of a requirement to serve a
pleading, which might be liable to be a temporary pleading, especially when
the action might be stayed for another forum or arbitration. Woo JC reasoned
that a defendant should not be required to meet the plaintiff’s claim on the
merits and have its attention distracted by engaging in two contradictory
courses of action at the same time. In the context of s 6(1) of the
Arbitration Act, the wording of the subsection does not allow for such a dual
approach. It is clear that the court has no jurisdiction (as opposed to
discretion) under s 6(1) to stay the proceedings once a step in the
proceedings has been taken: see _Arbitration Law_ ([11] _supra_) at para 6.19.
I would venture to state that the “compromise order” made by the judge in
_Samsung_ would undoubtedly blur, if not affect, the jurisdiction of the court
to stay the proceedings. As alluded to by Chao JA at [24], such a compromise
order would not be in line with the object and spirit of s 6(1).

16 In my judgment, a pending stay application in itself does not stop time
running for the service of the defence. The Rules of Court have their own
self-contained provisions relating to the service of defence, time extension
and default judgment. Unless and until there is a stay order to halt
proceedings, the plaintiff is entitled to give notice to the defendant to
serve its defence. It is for a defendant, faced with a 48-hour notice to serve
its defence, to respond appropriately. A proactive approach should be adopted.
The defendant could have seen the duty registrar to bring forward the hearing
date of the stay application for immediate hearing as a matter of urgency or
apply for an extension of time to serve the defence under O 3 r 4 and at the
same time seek an urgent hearing of the matter. In the present case, _Samsung_
had not been interpreted correctly. Consequently, the defendant did not take
any valid step before the time ran out under the plaintiff’s notice. Mr Lai
tried to argue that the defendant had in its summons sought an extension of
time to serve the defence. Mr Lai’s submission is misconceived. The
alternative prayer in the defendant’s stay application is not a proper
application to extend time but was taken out contingent upon its application
for a stay being unsuccessful.

17 Mr Chan argues that the defendant would not have lost its right to stay the
proceedings under s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act if it had made an application
to extend time to serve the defence. He referred me to _London Sack & Bag Co,
Ltd v Dixon & Lugton, Ltd_ [1943] 2 All ER 763 in support of his contention
that an application to extend time to serve the defence would not be viewed as
a “step in the proceedings”. In that case, the defendant applied to stay the
action for arbitration. The defendant also applied for and obtained an order
to extend time to serve its defence until the hearing of the stay application.
McKinnon LJ was of the view that in these circumstances, the defendant could
not be said to have taken a “step in the proceedings”. Scott LJ said in
_obiter_ that on the facts of the case, he was doubtful whether a step had
been taken that barred the right to a stay. The third member, Du Parcq LJ,
expressed no opinion on the question whether the defendant could be said to
“have taken a step in the proceedings”.

18 The question what amounts to a step in the proceedings has been considered
a number of times by the English courts: see _Pitchers, Ltd v Plaza
(Queensbury), Ltd_ [1940] 1 All ER 151, _Eagle Star Insurance Co Ltd v Yuval
Insurance Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 357 (“the _Eagle Star_ case”), _Kuwait
Airways Corporation v Iraq Airways Co_ [1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 276 (“the _Kuwait
Airways_ case”) and _Patel v Patel_ [2000] QB 551. In _Patel v Patel_ , the
English Court of Appeal held that the principle outlined in _Pitchers, Ltd v
Plaza (Queensbury), Ltd_ applied to the new law under the UK Arbitration Act
1996 as it did to the UK Arbitration Act 1950. Section 9(3) of the UK
Arbitration Act 1996 is on similar terms to s 1(1) of the UK Arbitration Act
1975 and s 4 of the UK Arbitration Act 1950.

19 The underlying principle was set out in the _Eagle Star_ case by Lord
Denning MR at 361, in a passage that was subsequently followed in the _Kuwait
Airways_ case:

On those authorities, it seems to me that in order to deprive a defendant of
his recourse to arbitration a “step in the proceedings” must be one which
impliedly affirms the correctness of the proceedings and the willingness of
the defendant to go along with a determination by the Courts of law instead of
arbitration.

20 Lord Denning’s approach is echoed in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([11]
_supra_), at 20.035, which reads:

There is no definitive rule as to what amounts to a ‘step in the proceedings’.
It is generally accepted that any step which affirms the correctness of the
proceedings or demonstrates a willingness or intention to defend the substance
of the claim in court instead of arbitration may be construed as such.

21 Mustill and Boyd in _The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration_
(Butterworths, 2nd ed, 1989) at p 472 said:

The reported cases are difficult to reconcile, and they give no clear guidance
on the nature of a step in the proceedings. It appears, however, that two
requirements must be satisfied. First, the conduct of the applicant must be
such as to demonstrate an election to abandon his right to stay, in favour of
allowing the action to proceed. Second, the act in question must have the
effect of invoking the jurisdiction of the Court.

22 In addition, an act, which would otherwise be regarded as a step in the
proceedings, will not be treated as such if the applicant has specifically
stated that he intends to seek a stay or expressly reserves his right to do
so: see _Chong Long Hak Kee Construction Trading Co v IEC Global Pte Ltd_
[2003] 4 SLR 499.

23 In my judgment, an application by the defendant to extend time to serve the
defence will not constitute a step in the proceedings within the meaning of s
6(1) of the Arbitration Act on the basis of the principles set out above. In
the present case, the defendant clearly intends to seek a stay. An application
to extend time would be to safeguard the defendant’s position pending the
determination of the stay application as opposed to an act that seeks to
contest the proceedings on its merits.

24 For completeness, I make the following observation. After default judgment
was entered, the defendant applied to court to set it aside. The fact that the
defendant had applied to have the default judgment set aside was not a step in
the proceedings. As the English Court of Appeal noted in _Patel v Patel_ ([18]
_supra_), unless there was an application to set aside the default judgment
there would be nothing to stay.

24 I now turn to the issue whether or not the default judgment should be set
aside. The default judgment here was a regular judgment. The defendant’s
decision not to serve the defence stemmed from its incorrect interpretation of
_Samsung_. In _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at
para 13/8/2, it is stated:

On the application to set aside a default judgment the major consideration is
whether the defendant has disclosed a defence on the merits, and this
transcends any reasons given by him for the delay in making the application
even if the explanation given by him is false.

25 To set aside a judgment regularly obtained, the burden is on the defendant
to satisfy the court that it has a defence on the merits which has a real
prospect of success and carries some degree of conviction, an approach set out
in the decision of _Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co
Inc_ (_The Saudi Eagle_) [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 221 and followed in _Abdul
Gaffer v Chua Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484 and subsequent decisions like
_Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Measurex Corp Bhd_ [2002] 4 SLR 578 at
[17].

26 The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s works were incomplete and
defective, which caused the defendant to incur extra expenses in the sum of
$114,198. That seems to be a bare assertion in the face of countervailing
evidence. Despite the plaintiff’s request, the defendant did not give details
of the allegations and the documentation it referred to is outdated. It was
first disclosed, according to the date on the fax transmission, in May 2000.
According to the plaintiff, it is being re-circulated for use in these
proceedings. Since the time the document was first disclosed, the defendant
had on 20 December 2002 countersigned the plaintiff’s statement of final
account for $134,031.02 whereby the defendant confirmed that it had no further
claims on this sub-contract against the plaintiff. This admission was not
denied by the defendant. Furthermore, on 13 October 2003, the project’s
quantity surveyor had certified the plaintiff’s work in the sum of
$134,031.24. The architect’s final certificate dated 29 October 2003 showed
that the employer had paid the defendant for the plaintiff’s work in the sum
of $134,031.24. In my judgment, there is no substance in the suggested defence
and I conclude that the defendant has not discharged its burden so as to
warrant a setting aside of the default judgment.

27 For all these reasons, I allowed the appeal, with costs to be taxed if not
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

