Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Others (No 5)  
[2004] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | OS 939/1991, CA 58/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Arul (Arul Chew and Partners) for appellant; Khoo Boo Jin (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for first respondent; Arul Chandran (C Arul and Partners) for second respondent; Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Stanley Tok (Shook Lin and Bok) for third and fourth respondents   
Parties | : |  Ong Jane Rebecca — Lim Lie Hoa; Sjamsudin Husni also known as Ong Siauw-Tjoan; Ong Siauw Ping; Ong Keng Tong   
  
Civil Procedure – Production of documents – Objections – Whether documents
produced before registrar but not admitted forming part of record of appeal –
Whether to exclude such documents from record of appeal – Paragraph 53 Supreme
Court Practice Directions (1997 Ed)  
  

27 August 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an application by the first, third and fourth respondents, who were
the respective defendants in an inquiry ordered under Originating Summons No
939 of 1991. They sought to expunge a number of documents from the index of
the record to be filed by the appellant who was the plaintiff in the
originating summons. The documents in question were identified as items 77 to
79, 97 to 99, 100, 104, 105 to 121, 182, 183, 209 and 221, as well as 82 (in
particular, items 28, 29 and 37 thereunder) and 135. The appellant was
represented by Mr Andre Arul. Her ex-husband, who is the second respondent,
was represented by Mr Arul Chandran who stated that his client was not
participating in the present application.

2 The objection by the first, third and fourth respondents to the documents,
was that these documents were not in evidence before Assistant Registrar Phang
Hsiao Chung (“AR Phang”), who conducted the inquiry, nor were they before me
on appeal. Mr Vinodh Coomaraswamy appeared on behalf of the third and fourth
respondents and Mr Khoo Boo Jin appeared on behalf of the first respondent.

3 In order to appreciate the arguments of counsel, it will be useful to first
note that when Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) delivered his judgment in the
originating summons, he ordered (at [4]) that:

[t]he Estate’s books, vouchers, records and other documents shall be evidence
of the matters contained therein with liberty to the parties to take such
objections as they think fit.

When the inquiry commenced, the documents that were brought to court were
voluminous. Counsel for all the parties had referred to them as numbering in
the “tens of thousands”. Many of these documents were obtained in the
execution of an Anton Pillar order.

4 At the commencement of the inquiry, Mr Andre Arul sought to admit all the
documents in the form of compact discs but AR Phang refused and ordered that a
core bundle be admitted. However, he subsequently gave leave to the plaintiff
to produce a further bundle so as to put an end to documents being introduced
one by one as the inquiry proceeded. This was done and a bundle was
accordingly produced. Counsel for the plaintiff continued to present more
documents apart from those in the bundles already admitted. AR Phang then
ordered the plaintiff to produce one final bundle, after which no further
document was to be introduced.

5 In the appeal before me against the findings of AR Phang, counsel for the
plaintiff produced various bundles of documents. They included documents that
were not part of any bundle produced before the assistant registrar. These
were “produced” in the sense that they were brought into chambers but no
application, and thus no order, was made to admit any such document for the
appeal. Mr Andre Arul thus made the following points. First, he argued that
the documents that the first, third and fourth respondents object to were
documents that were produced in the bundles brought to chambers. Therefore, he
argued, they must be part of the record, and, pursuant to the Supreme Court
Practice Directions (1997 Ed) (“the Practice Directions”) at para 53, they
must be included in the record of appeal. Paragraph 53(1) identifies “[a]ll
such exhibits and documents as they were tendered in the Court below, but
which did not form an exhibit to any affidavit” and “[t]he Agreed Bundle (if
any) in its original physical form as it was tendered in the Court below” to
be recorded in separate volumes in the record of appeal. It is also useful to
note that sub-para 53(1)(b) states that “[w]here there are no exhibits or
documents referred to in sub-clause 53(1)(a)(iv), Volume IV need not be
produced, and Volume V shall be renumbered as Volume IV”.

6 Second, Mr Andre Arul argued that the impugned documents were all in the
assistant registrar’s chambers although they were not referred to. He
submitted that this did not mean that they were not documents produced or
admitted at the inquiry because these were documents from the estate of the
plaintiff’s former father-in-law (“the Estate”) mentioned in the order of Chao
J, referred to at [3] above.

7 It is necessary at this stage, to address a misunderstanding by counsel of
Chao J’s order. Contrary to Mr Arul’s impression, Chao J did not order that
the Estate’s books, vouchers and any other documents be admitted in evidence
at the inquiry. His order was that they would be “evidence of the matters
contained therein”, and he ensured that whether the documents could be relied
upon was a matter that had to be argued before the court at the inquiry. That
was what was meant when he ordered that there be “liberty to the parties to
take such objections as they think fit”. Thus, there could be no predetermined
inclusion of any of those documents. The objections by the respondents at the
inquiry which led to the assistant registrar directing that the two final
bundles be prepared, underlined the fact that only such documents that had
been admitted were to be used at the inquiry. If counsel thought that the
assistant registrar was wrong to have made such orders (adopting counsel’s
interpretation of Chao J’s order), then the proper recourse was to appeal
against that order (_ie_ the registrar’s refusal). However, there was no
appeal before me against the restrictions placed by the assistant registrar in
respect of the plaintiff’s attempted reliance on the excluded documents.

8 There is no requirement that a record of appeal be filed in respect of an
appeal from a registrar’s decision to the High Court. Therefore, the documents
to be included in the record of appeal to the Court of Appeal would be those
that had been admitted as agreed bundles, or referred to but not included in
any exhibit, that is to say documents under sub-cll 53(1)(a)(iv) and (v) of
the Practice Directions. There were no documents admitted in the appeal before
me. Mr Andre Arul announced that he had the impugned documents for reference
but the first, third and fourth respondents objected. No formal application
was made and, consequently, no order was made in respect of those documents.
The result is that those documents cannot be part of the record of appeal. It
may be true, as Mr Andre Arul submitted, that those documents were brought
physically into my chambers, but unless the additional documents are
identified and admitted, the High Court hearing an appeal against a
registrar’s decision can only rely on the papers filed and/or admitted before
the registrar. It is no help to say that the documents were lying in the
court’s chambers because the court cannot examine the “tens of thousands” of
documents just because they are there.

9 I will therefore order that the documents objected to by the first, third
and fourth respondents and set out above, be excluded from the index of the
record of appeal. Only those documents admitted before AR Phang would be
included. The plaintiff is to pay costs of $400 to the first respondent and
$600 to the third and fourth respondents jointly, as well as reasonable
disbursements to all three.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

