Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chin Swey Min a patient suing by his wife and next friend Lim Siew Lee v
Nor Nizar Bin Mohamed  
[2004] SGHC 27

Case Number | : | Suit 174/2002, NA 78/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ching Sann AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Ling Koon Hean (Ling Das and Partners) for plaintiff; Karuppan Chettiar, Renuka Chettiar and Ganesh S Ramanathan (Karuppan Chettiar and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Chin Swey Min a patient suing by his wife and next friend Lim Siew Lee — Nor Nizar Bin Mohamed   
  
13 February 2004

Ching Sann, Assistant Registrar:  
  

**Undisputed facts**

1 The plaintiff was 38 years of age at the date of the accident on 5 March
1999. A Malaysian, he was then working in Singapore on a work permit and was
employed as a supervisor with a construction company. Interlocutory judgment
was entered for the plaintiff at 90% liability against the defendant on 7 June
2002.

**The plaintiff’s claim**

2 The plaintiff claimed for damages under the following heads:

General damages

(i) Pain and suffering $ 284,000.00

(ii) Loss of future earnings $ 619,115.04

(iii) Future medical care $ 45,000.00

(iv) Future home care RM 202,149.60

Special damages

(v) Pre-trial loss of earnings $ 154,320.89

(vi) Medical expenses in Singapore $ 28,645.70

(vii) Medical expenses in Malaysia RM 5,591.75

(viii) Accommodation expenses $ 3,837.49

(ix) Transport and expenses $ 3,200.00

**Decision**

3 Having heard all the evidence and reviewed submissions from counsel for both
parties, the following award is made:

_General damages_

Pain and suffering

4 The plaintiff’s claim of $284,000.00 for pain and suffering was divided into
the following heads:

(a) Severe head injury $ 120,000.00

(b) Fractured right skull zygoma

and lateral wall of right orbit $ 25,000.00

(c) Fracture of right clavicle and scapula $ 22,000.00

(d) Deep neck lacerations and abrasions/ $ 20,000.00

scarring on face, chest, thigh, ankle, elbow

(e) Pulmonary (lung) contusion with right $ 15,000.00

haemothorax

(f) Fracture of right 1st, 2nd and 3rd ribs $ 7,000.00

(g) Laceration of liver $ 7,000.00

(h) Degloving injury to right forearm $ 10,000.00

(i) Stable fracture of cervical C6, C7 $ 18,000.00

spinous processes

(j) Brachial plexus injury $ 20,000.00

(k) Loss of amenities $ 20,000.00

5 On item (a), defence counsel submitted that an appropriate award of damages
would be $35,000.00. I was of the view that this amount was far too low in
light of the fact that these injuries were very serious and had resulted in
the plaintiff’s general memory being assessed to be within the mental
deficient range with erratic concentration, poor memory, poor new learning and
personality changes. Indeed, the plaintiff had been declared by a court to be
mentally unsound and his financial affairs were now being managed by his wife,
Mdm Lim Siew Lee. Although defence counsel had cited several authorities in
support of their submission on quantum for this item, I did not find these
authorities to be helpful as, at their worst, the injuries suffered by the
plaintiffs in defence counsel’s authorities did not come close to the degree
of mental impairment suffered by the present plaintiff. For example, in _Er
Hung Boon v Law Shyan En_ (unreported), that plaintiff had suffered only from
memory impairment, while in _Pang Koi Fa v Lim Djoe Phing_ [1993] 3 SLR 317
that plaintiff had suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting in
nervous shock. By contrast, I found the authorities cited by plaintiff’s
counsel, such as _Peh Diana v Tan Miang Lee_ [1991] SLR 341 to be more helpful
in this regard. However, that said, and even after taking into account
inflation, I completely failed to see the basis for plaintiff’s counsel’s
submission of $120,000.00 for item (a), let alone a further $20,000.00 under
item (k). This was especially so given that I was of the view that there was a
large, if not complete, overlap between these two items. In the premises, I
awarded $70,000.00 for items (a) and (k).

6 Moving on to item (b), I was of the view that plaintiff’s counsel had not
justified his claim of $25,000.00 for these injuries. The only authority cited
by him for this item did not come close to the sum claimed. Defence counsel’s
submission of $6,000.00 was far closer to the mark and I hence awarded
$6,000.00 for item (b).

7 Defence counsel’s submission for item (c) was $9,600.00 for these injuries.
I found the main reason for the disparity between the submissions made by
respective counsel on this item stemmed from their taking the extreme ends of
the range of awards made by the courts in relation to such injuries. Defence
counsel had, in arriving at their submission, also applied a discount on the
basis that the two injuries comprising this item overlapped. I disagreed that
there was an overlap and, in the absence of any evidence showing that the
injuries in question were particularly serious or particularly trivial,
awarded $17,000.00 for item (c), being $10,000.00 for the clavicle fracture
and $7,000.00 for the scapular fracture.

8 Turning to item (d), defence counsel’s submission for this item was
$1,500.00. This was far too low in light of the widespread and severe scarring
which the plaintiff had suffered, and which still remained, as shown by recent
photographs submitted to the court at defence counsel’s request. At the same
time, plaintiff’s counsel’s submission of $20,000.00 was unacceptably high. I
was of the view that $8,000.00 was a suitable award for item (d).

9 For item (e), defence counsel submitted that it should be considered
together with item (f), and that the total damages awarded for items (e) and
(f) should be $7,000.00. While I agreed that the two items ought to be
considered together, I was of the view that the amount submitted by defence
counsel was far too low. After taking into account the authorities cited, such
as _Cheong Kok Leong v Teo Yam Hock_ (unreported) and _Heng Kim Eng v
Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd_ (unreported), as well as Dr Chou Ning’s
testimony that the fracture of the plaintiff’s 1st rib implied that he had
suffered severe trauma, I awarded $15,000.00 for items (e) and (f).

10 On item (g), defence counsel submitted $1,500.00 but did not provide any
authorities in support of their submission. At the same time, I took the view
that plaintiff’s counsel’s authorities did not even come close to supporting
his claim of $7,000.00 for this item, and awarded $2,500.00.

11 Item (h) was agreed between the parties at $10,000.00.

12 For item (i), defence counsel submitted that it should be considered
together with item (j), and that the award for both items should be $7,000.00.
I disagreed that the two items should be considered together. I also noted
that the awards given in both authorities cited by defence counsel for this
item far exceeded their own submission, without any reason given for the
departure. In view of the authorities cited by both counsel, such as _See Gim
Tin v Gopalan Chandran_ [1996] MD para 992, I awarded $10,000.00 for item (i).

13 Finally, as to item (j), in the absence of any evidence showing that the
injury had caused long-lasting damage to the plaintiff, plaintiff’s counsel’s
submission of $20,000.00 was too high, and I was of the view that $10,000.00
was appropriate in the circumstances.

14 The total award to the plaintiff for pain and suffering was hence
**$148,500.00.**

Loss of future earnings

15 The plaintiff’s claim of $619,115.04 for loss of future earnings was
arrived at by using a multiplier of 12 years and a multiplicand of $4,299.41
per month. The multiplicand was obtained by using a mean salary of $2,150.00
per month (derived from the plaintiff’s last drawn salary in 1999), and then
applying a yearly 5% increment in salary and an annual bonus of 1.5 months. On
this basis, plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the plaintiff would then have
been earning $3,087.00 per month by the time of the assessment in 2004. From
there, plaintiff’s counsel applied a further 5% yearly increment to arrive at
a mean salary of $4,299.41 per month over 12 years.

16 By contrast, defence counsel submitted that a multiplier of nine years was
appropriate in the circumstances. They further submitted that since the
plaintiff was working in Singapore on a work permit he would not necessarily
work in Singapore for the entire period of his working life. Their submission
of $126,000.00 for this head of claim was hence obtained by applying a
multiplicand of $1,500.000 per month for three years (being the salary earned
by the plaintiff in Singapore) and a multiplicand of $1,000.00 per month for
six years (being the salary earned by the plaintiff when he returned to
Malaysia on the expiry of his work permit).

17 I had serious misgivings about plaintiff’s counsel’s submissions on the
salary the plaintiff could have earned if he had not been injured. The same
method of computation which had enabled plaintiff’s counsel to arrive at a
mean salary estimate of $4,299.41 for the purposes of calculating loss of
future earnings had also resulted in the monthly salary figure of $5,543.81
per month in 2016. All other considerations aside, both amounts were wholly
improbable given the evidence of Ms Chua Siok Hong, the representative of the
plaintiff’s employer, that the highest possible position the plaintiff could
have risen to with the company was that of senior supervisor, as it was
accepted that the salary range for such persons was between $3,000.00 and
$3,700.00 per month.

18 There was also the question of whether the plaintiff could even have been
promoted to senior supervisor in the first place. Although Ms Chua had
testified that the plaintiff had good promotional opportunities with his last
employers, I did not find her testimony to be of much assistance for the
purposes of the inquiry. As was made patently clear during cross-examination,
Ms Chua had no personal knowledge of material issues such as the plaintiff’s
working ability or promotional prospects, as she was neither his supervisor
nor from the company’s human resource department. Instead, she had obtained
the facts upon which she based her testimony upon inquiry with the plaintiff’s
former supervisor who was not called as a witness. Given Ms Chua’s lack of
qualification to testify on the topic at hand and the absence of any
documentary evaluation which could be safely relied on, I was of the view that
any calculation of the plaintiff’s future earnings which were predicated on
his promotion to senior supervisor were unduly speculative and unsafe.

19 I also noted that although plaintiff’s counsel’s calculations were based on
a 5% increment in salary every year, Ms Chua had admitted under cross-
examination that the company had not given any increments in salary in the
three years since 1999. Finally, I did not accept plaintiff’s counsel’s
submission that no deduction should be made for expenses incurred by the
plaintiff in earning his income. The basis for this submission was that the
company provided free accommodation for their workers, such that there would
be a set-off between such expenses and other benefits not included in the
computation such as overtime allowance and the benefit of a company car.
However, Mdm Lim had stated in cross-examination that the plaintiff did not
stay in the company’s free accommodation but in a hostel in Pasir Panjang.
Furthermore, the use of a company car was predicated on the plaintiff being
promoted to senior supervisor, an assumption which, as explained above, could
not be reliably made. As for any overtime allowance, this issue had not been
raised at the hearing nor had any evidence been led in respect of it, such
that it was not a proper factor to be taken into consideration.

20 In the premises, I was of the view that a multiplicand of $2,100.00 per
month was appropriate in calculating loss of future earnings. In so deciding,
I declined defence counsel’s invitation to make a further deduction to the
multiplicand on the basis that the plaintiff could, despite being mentally
unsound, still earn a salary. Both Dr Robert Don and Dr Chou Ning were of the
opinion that it was impossible for the plaintiff to work in a competitive
working environment. Although Dr Don was of the view that the plaintiff could
work in a special needs workshop, he had testified that such arrangements were
probably not suitable as the nearest workshop, if any, would be in Johor
Bahru, while the plaintiff lived a distance away in Kluang. Any earning
prospects were hence predicated on the plaintiff obtaining some sort of home-
based work or as an assistant in a coffee shop. As to this last option, Dr Don
too expressed his doubts, on the basis that most employers would not be
willing to accept a worker with the plaintiff’s disabilities.

21 As for the issue of the applicable multiplier, I followed the decision of
Prakash J in _Karuppiah Nirmala v Singapore Bus Services Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR
415, which concerned a plaintiff of similar age to the present plaintiff both
at the time of the accident and at the time of the assessment, and used a
multiplier of 11 years. At the same time, I accepted defence counsel’s
submission that the same multiplicand should not be applied across the board.
Although plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the plaintiff was a skilled worker
who would always be in demand in Singapore, no evidence was in fact led as to
whether he was in fact a skilled worker, save for Ms Chua stating that he had
a Certificate of Lifting Supervisor (Safety). She was, in any event, unable to
shed any light on the significance of such a qualification. Furthermore,
although Ms Chua claimed that the company employed persons up to the age of
62, she was only able to provide one example of a person “coming to 60” who
was still working with the company. This person was in any event not a
suitable example as he was in fact a shareholder of the company, not a common
employee like the plaintiff. In the premises, I divided the applicable
multiplier of 11 years into eight years for Singapore, and the remaining three
years for Malaysia. The amount arrived at for the plaintiff’s loss of future
earnings from employment in Singapore was hence $201,600.00.

22 As for the applicable multiplicand for the plaintiff’s employment in
Malaysia, Mdm Lim pleaded total ignorance as to how much the plaintiff had
earned during the time he had worked in Malaysia, or the current comparable
salaries, nor was any evidence led which might shed light on the matter. In
the face of such uncertainty, I was of the view that an award for loss of
earning capacity for this part of the inquiry was appropriate. However,
defence counsel were willing to concede a salary of $1,000.00 per month, which
I accepted. The amount arrived at for the plaintiff’s loss of future earnings
from employment in Malaysia was hence $36,000.00.

23 The total award for loss of future earnings was hence **$237,600.00**.

Future medical expenses

24 The plaintiff’s claim of $45,000.00 for future medical expenses was based
on a quotation by Dr Martin Huang of $50,000.00 for three procedures: steroid
injections to the keloid scars, surgical scar revision to the neck scar, and
flap reconstruction to the right forearm defect. Plaintiff’s counsel then
applied a discount of 10% to this quote on the basis that the plaintiff ought
to have obtained quotations from restructured hospitals without any applicable
subsidy. Defence counsel for their part submitted that no damages were
recoverable as it had not been proven that the procedures were necessary.

25 I noted that Dr Huang had testified that there was no medical need for the
flap reconstruction to the right forearm defect. Neither was there any
cosmetic need, in light of the plaintiff’s mental disabilities. As for the two
remaining treatments, the need for them would depend on whether he had any
problems relating to those scars, yet no evidence was in fact led as to the
plaintiff suffering any complications from them. Nevertheless, I was of the
view that some provision ought to be made for them, as, from the most recent
photographs tendered, the scars were thick, and Dr Huang had suggested that
the neck scar, for example, could be restrictive of neck movement. In view of
Dr Huang’s quotation of $1,000.00 to $2,000.00 for the steroid injections,
$3,000.00 to $4,000.00 for the surgical scar revision to the neck scar,
plaintiff’s counsel’s concession of a 10% discount and a further discount
based on the fact that the plaintiff might only possibly require such
treatment, I awarded **$1,500.00** for future medical expenses.

Future care

26 The plaintiff’s claim of RM 202,149.60 for the cost of future care was
based on the cost of a maid being RM 842.29 per month and a multiplier of 20
years. Defence counsel for their part noted that Mdm Lim often went out,
leaving the plaintiff alone at home, yet could only point to one incident
whereby the plaintiff had been locked out of the house and left water boiling
on the stove. As such, the only possible amount claimable was for the cost of
a part-time helper to keep an eye on the plaintiff during those times when Mdm
Lim was away at work. However, no evidence had been adduced as to the cost of
such part-time help, such that no award should be made.

27 I agreed for the large part with defence counsel’s submission. Mdm Lim’s
own testimony was that she worked three times a week for about 3 hours a time,
ie 9 hours a week. Although no evidence was adduced as to the cost of such
part-time care, I was nevertheless minded to make a nominal award of RM 50.00
per month. In view of the plaintiff’s age, a multiplier of 16 years was
appropriate for this item, and the award under this head was hence **RM
9,600.00**.

_Special damages_

Pre-trial loss of earnings

28 As noted in paragraph 15, plaintiff’s counsel submitted that by the time of
the assessment in January 2004, the plaintiff would be earning $4,299.41 per
month. By the same reasoning, given the plaintiff’s monthly salary of
$2,418.75 in 1999, this led to a mean salary of $2,742.02 per month for the
applicable 57-month period, and thence to the claim of $154,320.89 for pre-
trial loss of earnings.

29 I have already stated in paragraphs 17 to 19 above my reasons for rejecting
plaintiff’s counsel’s mode of calculation of the plaintiff’s salary. For the
same reasons, I assessed the plaintiff’s net monthly salary for this period at
$1,700.00 per month which, when applied to the 57 months between the last time
the plaintiff was paid in April 1999 and the date of assessment in January
2004, came to **$96,900.00**.

Medical expenses

30 The main dispute in relation to medical expenses related to those incurred
by the plaintiff in Singapore as defence counsel argued that the plaintiff was
not entitled to claim for them since his employer had already paid the bills.
I disagreed with defence counsel’s submission. Although it was true that the
company had in fact paid for the large majority of the bills, it was Ms Chua’s
testimony that the payments had been made as the company was under the
impression that it could claim for reimbursement under workmen’s compensation.
However, it had since been informed by the insurers that it was not entitled
to make such claims in respect of the plaintiff. Although the company had not
yet demanded repayment by the plaintiff of the amounts paid, the fact remained
that the plaintiff was under an obligation to repay these sums. As such, I
allowed the full amount claimed for the Singapore medical expenses of
**$28,645.70.**

31 As for the amount claimed by the plaintiff for medical expenses incurred in
Malaysia, this amount was agreed to by defence counsel save for one bill for
RM 85.00 which was stated as being for an “insurance form”. Given that defence
counsel had not chosen to cross-examine Mdm Lim on the exact nature of this
bill, I was of the view that it was too late in the day to object to its
inclusion, and hence allowed the full claim of **RM 5,951.75.**

Accommodation expenses

32 Although receipts were submitted for accommodation expenses, no such claim
was in fact made in the Statement of Special Damages. Plaintiff’s counsel
nevertheless submitted that this item ought to be included in the assessment
since the defendant would not have been taken by surprise, and applied for
leave to include it in his written submissions. I disagreed. The whole point
of requiring special damages to be explicitly claimed is so that the defendant
would have notice that such items of damage would be claimed. Although it
could be argued that defence counsel in the present case had notice that such
expenses had been incurred, the fact remained that they had relied only on
those heads of claim stated in the Statement of Special Damages when making
their submissions. More importantly, no evidence had been led on the issue at
trial. In the premises, the claim for accommodation expenses was not allowed.

Transport and food expenses

33 Finally, as to this head of claim, no evidence was adduced to support the
amount claimed. However, I accepted that expenses would necessarily have to be
incurred and hence made a nominal award of **$500.00.**

**Summary**

34 In summary, the total award made to the plaintiff is as follows:

Special damages: $126,045.70 and RM 5,951.75

General damages: $387,600.00 and RM 9,600.00

**Total award: $513,645.70 and RM 15,551.75**

**And interest on $126,045.70 and RM 5,951.75 at 3% from the date of accident
to the date of trial, and on $148,500.00 at 6% from that date of service of
the writ to the date of trial. Usual consequential orders.**

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

