Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd  
[2004] SGCA 45

Case Number | : | CA 6/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Chao Hick Tin JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jeanny Ng (Jeanny Ng) for appellant; K Shanmugam SC and Andrew Chan (Allen and Gledhill) and Tay Mui Leng Sharon (Donaldson and Burkinshaw) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Liao Eng Kiat — Burswood Nominees Ltd   
  
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries – Transactions abroad – Claim upon dishonoured
cheque issued to casino – Whether claim for money given under loan or money
won upon wager – Section 5(2) Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Conflict of Laws – Foreign judgments – Recognition – Recognition – Judgment
given in foreign court on dishonoured cheque – Whether just and convenient for
court to enforce foreign judgment in Singapore – Section 3(1) Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Conflict of Laws – Foreign judgments – Recognition – Judgment given in foreign
court on dishonoured cheque – Whether Singapore courts precluded from
recognising foreign judgment on grounds of public policy – Section 5(2) Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed), s 3(2)(f) Reciprocal Enforcement of
Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

5 October 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal concerned the enforcement of a judgment (the “Australian
judgment”), given by the Supreme Court of Western Australia in favour of the
respondent casino, Burswood Nominees Ltd (“Burswood”), for its claim on,
_inter alia_ , a dishonoured cheque issued by the appellant, Liao Eng Kiat
(“Liao”). The Singapore High Court allowed registration of the Australian
judgment here. Liao failed to have the registration set aside, and appealed.
We dismissed Liao’s appeal and now give our reasons.

**Background facts**

2 Burswood operated a licensed casino in Perth, Western Australia. Liao was a
regular visitor to the Burswood casino. Depending on his turnover at the
casino tables, Burswood provided Liao with various perks, such as
reimbursement of his airfare and hotel and food expenses.

3 On or around 19 November 1997, Liao flew to Perth and checked into
Burswood’s hotel. The next day, he utilised Burswood’s cheque cashing facility
(“CCF”) to buy a chip purchase voucher. Essentially, the CCF allowed Liao to
issue a personal cheque to the casino in exchange for a voucher of equivalent
value. Liao issued a cheque for S$52,900 and was given a voucher of A$50,000
in return. Liao then exchanged this voucher for A$50,000 worth of gambling
chips, which he proceeded to lose entirely at the gambling tables.

4 Liao’s personal cheque was dishonoured upon presentation. He did not deny
his liability to repay the debt to Burswood, but asked for an extension to
settle the outstanding amount.

5 After three years had passed and Liao had failed to make any payment to
Burswood, Burswood sued upon the dishonoured cheque in the District Court of
Western Australia. On 13 December 2001, after Liao’s failure to enter an
appearance, Burswood obtained a default judgment against him for the sum of
A$78,331.50 (the “judgment sum”) with costs of A$2,765.28. For purposes of
registration, s 142 of the Supreme Court Act 1935 (Western Australia) deems
the decision of the District Court of Western Australia to be a judgment of
the Supreme Court of Western Australia.

6 In August 2003, Burswood successfully applied for registration of the
Australian judgment in the Singapore High Court under the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”).
Two months later, Liao took out an application before an assistant registrar
by way of summons in chambers to set aside the registration. He failed and
appealed to the High Court, where his appeal was dismissed.

**The appeal**

**_Legislation and case law_**

_Legislation_

7 Two pieces of legislation were central to this appeal. The first was s 5 of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CLA”), which states:

(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way of
gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

8 The second piece of legislation was s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA, which provides:

No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if the
judgment was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public
policy or for some other similar reason could not have been entertained by the
registering court.

_Case law_

9 The case of _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 2 SLR 22 (“ _Star
City_ ”) was of particular importance in the course of our deliberations. As
this judgment will make frequent reference to _Star City_ , it is appropriate
to deal with it in some detail at the outset.

10 The facts of _Star City_ are as follows. The plaintiff casino, located in
Sydney, had a CCF that worked on largely the same premises as Burswood’s CCF.
The defendant in _Star City_ had handed five cheques to the casino in exchange
for a chip purchase voucher, which was then changed for gambling chips. The
defendant’s cheques were dishonoured for lack of sufficient funds, and the
casino sued in the Singapore High Court to recover the money as an unpaid loan
made to the defendant. The defendant contended that the transaction was a
gaming contract, and that as such, s 5 of the CLA debarred the casino from
bringing an action to recover the moneys owed to it.

11 In the High Court, Tan Lee Meng J dismissed the casino’s claim: _Star City
Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ [2001] 3 SLR 206. He observed that s 5(2) of the CLA
barred our courts from adjudicating any action to recover money alleged to
have been won upon any wager, regardless of whether the gambling took place in
Singapore or abroad. After a detailed consideration of the case law, he
decided that the action was one for money won upon a wager. Accordingly, s
5(2) of the CLA relieved the court from having to deal with the casino’s
claim.

12 For reasons which will be particularised later in this judgment, we agreed
with Tan J’s decision after hearing the casino’s appeal.

13 At this juncture, it suffices to note that the facts of the present case
differed from those of _Star City_ in one essential aspect. In _Star City_ ,
the casino brought a fresh claim for the money on the dishonoured cheque in
the Singapore courts. In the present case, however, Burswood had already
obtained a judgment on the dishonoured cheque in the Australian court, and
sought registration of the Australian judgment in Singapore. Registration will
not be ordered if the appellant is able to establish any one of the limited
number of exceptions in s 3(2) of the RECJA. The principal issue canvassed on
appeal was whether s 5(2) of the CLA and s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA precluded
registration of the Australian judgment on grounds of public policy. We now
lay out our analysis of this issue in three stages.

**_Stage 1: Characterisation of the claim_**

14 It is settled law that whilst s 5(1) of the CLA only renders the original
wagering or gaming contract null and void, s 5(2) strikes down as
unenforceable all other contracts to pay the sum won upon a wager. As we
pointed out in _Star City_ , the success of the casino’s claim depended on the
characterisation of the transaction in question. If the transaction was
characterised as a loan, the action on the loan itself would succeed as long
as the loan was valid under its governing law. In contrast, if the court
characterised the transaction as an action to recover money won upon a
wagering contract, s 5 of the CLA would preclude recovery of the money.

15 In this regard, the trial judge found that the principal judgment sum was a
loan given by Burswood to Liao to enable Liao to gamble at the casino. Liao
challenged this finding, asserting that the sum claimed by Burswood under the
dishonoured cheque was for money won upon a wager.

16 In turn, Burswood sought to obviate this problem by persuading us that we
were not free to re-characterise Burswood’s claim. Instead, Burswood said that
we should limit ourselves to the causes of action contained in the Australian
judgment. In other words, this court should only consider whether the original
causes of action based on dishonour of a cheque and breach of the CCF were
against Singapore public policy. We had no difficulty dismissing this
argument. We were of the opinion that we were entitled to look beyond the
technical causes of action before the Australian court to the context in which
these causes of action arose when deciding whether s 3(2)(f) should apply to
preclude registration of the Australian judgment.

17 Burswood argued that the handing over of the cheque pursuant to the CCF was
simply a payment for a voucher. The wager itself only took place when the
gambling chips exchanged for the voucher were used at the gambling tables.
Liao, on the other hand, drew our attention to the affidavit testimony of a
credit manager at Burswood’s casino, Mr Roger Lewis. Mr Lewis testified that
the CCF is not a credit facility and that s 21 of the Casino (Burswood Island)
Agreement prohibits the giving of loans to patrons. We were of the opinion
that Mr Lewis’ characterisation of the CCF was not determinative of its actual
characterisation in law. Rather, as we held in _Star City_ at [38], the
“overriding test” when determining whether to characterise a claim as a loan
or a gaming debt must be “the essence of the transaction itself as determined
by the courts of the forum”.

18 Burswood contended that its CCF could be distinguished from the facility
offered in _Star City_ because the casino in _Star City_ required that the
cheque remain uncashed for ten days, whereas Burswood did not lay down a
similar requirement. We were not swayed by this argument. As we noted at [36]
of _Star City_ , the requirement that cheques presented under the casino’s CCF
remain uncashed for ten days only served as “a deferred form of payment to
give gamblers time to ensure that they have sufficient funds to repay their
gambling losses in their bank accounts”. This did not change the fact that the
CCF’s sole purpose was to enable patrons to gamble on credit, and that chips
obtained via the CCF and placed on the gaming tables merely represented the
moneys paid in advance by the gamblers to the casino by their cheques. We did
not think that the absence of a requirement that Liao’s cheque should remain
uncashed for a certain period of time was so significant as to alter the
entire nature of the transaction.

19 In reaching our decision that the CCF in _Star City_ was not a loan
facility, we noted several features of the CCF, namely that:

(a) the chips were worthless outside the casino;

(b) no moneys were ever advanced by the casino, which merely gave the gambler
the right to play at the tables upon presentation of his cheques; and

(c) any moneys lost were made good by the gambler and not the casino.

We observed that these same features were present in Burswood’s CCF, which was
further indication that the object of the CCF was to enable patrons to gamble
on credit.

20 We disagreed with the trial judge’s reasoning that her characterisation of
the transaction might have been different had the sequence of events been
reversed, such that instead of first issuing a cheque in exchange for gambling
chips, Liao had issued a cheque as payment for gambling losses which he had
already incurred. We did not think that such a distinction was material to the
characterisation of the issue. As we noted at [37] of _Star City_ :

[W]hat would a gambler want with the chips except to use them for gambling and
gambling alone? A broad view of things must be taken, and this points towards
the cheques being used to pay for the gaming chips and any money to be
recovered by the casinos as money won/lost upon a wager rather than a true
loan …

21 For the foregoing reasons, we determined that Burswood’s claim on Liao’s
dishonoured cheque was for money won upon a wager.

**_Stage 2: Section 5(2) of the CLA_**

22 This resolution of the first issue left no question that s 5(2) of the CLA
would have prevented Burswood from recovering the money under Liao’s
dishonoured cheque had Burswood’s claim been brought in a Singapore court in
the first instance. The question that followed was whether s 5(2) would apply
where Burswood’s claim had been brought and adjudicated upon in a foreign
court.

23 In this regard, the analysis proffered by Liao was as follows. Section 5(2)
of the CLA would have barred the Singapore courts from entertaining Burswood’s
action to recover the money due under the dishonoured cheque. An exception to
registration under s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA is where a foreign judgment was “in
respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public policy or for some
other similar reason _could not have been entertained by the registering
court_ ” [emphasis added]. Since the Australian judgment was in respect of a
cause of action which for reasons of public policy could not have been
entertained by the registering court in Singapore under s 5(2) of the CLA, s
3(2)(f) of the RECJA would preclude registration of the Australian judgment.

24 For reasons that we will elaborate upon in the next portion of this
judgment, we found that this argument was misconceived. In our evaluation, s
5(2) of the CLA and s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA encapsulate different standards of
the public policy defence. While s 5(2) of the CLA elucidates Singapore’s
domestic public policy on the enforcement of gambling debts, a rule of our
public policy as it applies to registration of foreign judgments under the
statute in question is clearly different. Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA
requires a higher threshold of public policy to be met in order for
registration of a foreign judgment to be refused. As such, we could not
countenance Liao’s attempt to get around s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA by arguing
that s 5(2) of the CLA would have precluded this court from entertaining
Burswood’s cause of action.

**_Stage 3: Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA_**

25 In our view, the crucial issue in the present case was whether registration
of the Australian judgment was contrary to public policy considerations under
s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA. Counsel for both parties were unable to point us to
any local cases dealing specifically with this issue. It is thus appropriate
to begin with the approach taken by foreign courts in some detail.

_The approach of foreign courts_

26 Foreign courts have repeatedly emphasised that a high standard of public
policy must be met before they will refuse to enforce a foreign judgment. The
outcome of this approach has been that there are very few reported cases in
which foreign judgments _in personam_ have been denied enforcement or
recognition for reasons of public policy, as noted by the English Court of
Appeal in _Soleimany v Soleimany_ [1999] QB 785 at 795.

27 Thus, the English courts have held that the doctrine of public policy
“should only be invoked in clear cases in which the harm to the public is
substantially incontestable, and does not depend upon the idiosyncratic
inferences of a few judicial minds”: _Fender v St John-Mildmay_ [1938] AC 1 at
12. More significantly, the House of Lords accepted in _Vervaeke v Smith_
[1983] 1 AC 145 at 164 that:

_[T]he court will be even slower to invoke public policy in the field of
conflict of laws than when a purely municipal legal issue is involved. There
is little authority for refusing, on the ground of public policy, to recognise
an otherwise conclusive foreign judgment –_ no doubt because the
conclusiveness of a judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction is
itself buttressed by the rule of public policy, interest reipublicae ut sit
finis litium, the “commonwealth” in conflict of laws extending to the whole
international community. Nevertheless, there is some judicial authority that
the English court will in an appropriate case refuse on the ground of public
policy to accord recognition to the judgment of a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction … Although an English court will exercise such a jurisdiction
with _extreme reserve_ , … the instant is a case where it should be invoked …
[emphasis added]

28 In like vein, although public policy in many United States jurisdictions
debars the enforcement of gambling debts, these jurisdictions have largely
concluded that they are required to honour gambling judgments rendered by
sister states. In _Fauntleroy v Lum_ 210 US 230 (1908), the US Supreme Court
required the Mississippi courts to honour a judgment on a gambling debt from
the Missouri courts even though the enforcement of such debts was specifically
prohibited in Mississippi. We recognised that since these cases involved
judgments from sister states, their outcome was contingent on the full faith
and credit clause of the US Constitution, which requires that full faith and
credit be given to the public acts and judicial proceedings of other states.

29 Nevertheless, the vast majority of American courts have also shown a
willingness to enforce judgments emanating from other countries, even though
the full faith and credit clause does not apply to such foreign judgments. The
American courts have interpreted the public policy exception very narrowly,
their attitude encapsulated in the famous statement of Cardozo J in _Loucks v
Standard Oil Co of New York_ 224 NY 99 (1918) at 111:

We are not so provincial as to say that every solution of a problem is wrong
because we deal with it otherwise at home. … The courts are not free to refuse
to enforce a foreign right at the pleasure of the judges, to suit the
individual notion of expediency or fairness. They do not close their doors
unless help would violate _some fundamental principle of justice, some
prevalent conception of good morals, some deep-rooted tradition of the common
weal_. [emphasis added]

30 This approach was illustrated in _Aspinall’s Club Limited v Eskander Aryeh_
86 AD 2d 428 (1982), where a licensed London casino obtained a default
judgment from an English court against a New York debtor. Even though the full
faith and credit clause did not apply, the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York enforced the English judgment, explaining at 434 that
“[g]ambling in legalized and appropriately supervised forms is not against
this State’s public policy”.

31 Likewise, the Canadian courts have evinced a reluctance to refuse
recognition of foreign judgments. In _Boardwalk Regency Corp v Maalouf_ (1992)
88 DLR (4th) 612, the Ontario Court of Appeal was faced with a New Jersey
judgment on a dishonoured cheque written to cover gambling debts. The Ontario
Court of Appeal noted that, thus far, Ontario courts had generally refused to
allow the recovery of foreign gambling debts on the grounds of public policy.
It nevertheless went on to enforce the foreign judgment, saying (at 616 and
618):

Where the foreign law is applicable, Canadian courts will generally apply that
law even though the result may be contrary to domestic law. Professor Castel’s
discussion [in _Canadian Conflict of Laws_ (2nd Ed, 1986)] of public policy
regarding the application of foreign law or the enforcement of a foreign
judgment is helpful in this respect (para 91, pp 153-9):

…

_In the conflict of laws, public policy must connote more than local policy as
regards internal affairs._ It is true that internal and external public policy
stem from the national policy of the forum but they differ in many material
respects. Rules affecting public policy and public morals in the internal
legal sphere need not always have the same character in the external sphere.
_Also, there should be a difference of intensity in the application of the
notion of public policy depending upon whether the court is asked to recognize
a foreign right or legal relationship or to create or enforce one based on
some foreign law._ Public policy is relative and in conflicts cases represents
a national policy operating on the international level.

_If foreign law is to be refused any effect on public policy grounds, it must
at least violate some fundamental principle of justice, some prevalent
conception of good morals, or some deep-rooted tradition of the forum …_

The ethics or morality of licensed gambling abroad, and the recovery of
gambling debts incurred in jurisdictions where gambling is legal, are best
left to a community standard. There is nothing to indicate that the general
Canadian public would be offended by the enforcement of foreign judgments for
debts incurred in jurisdictions where commercial gambling is licensed and
legal.

[emphasis added]

32 A survey of these cases made it apparent that there is a higher standard of
public policy in operation when a forum court is faced with a foreign
judgment, as opposed to a domestic issue being litigated for the first time in
the forum court. Foreign courts appear very reluctant to invoke the expedient
of “public policy” to justify a refusal to recognise a foreign judgment, even
if their domestic public policy would have precluded enforcement of the
underlying claim.

_Arbitration cases_

33 Counsel for Burswood drew our attention to several arbitration cases where
the courts manifested the same reluctance to rely on public policy grounds to
refuse recognition of foreign awards.

34 The relevant legislative provision in all these cases was Art V(2)(b) of
the New York Convention for the Recognition and Enforcement of Arbitral Awards
(“the New York Convention”), which allows the court to refuse enforcement of a
foreign arbitral award if “enforcement of the award would be contrary to the
public policy of [the forum] country”.

35 In _Re An Arbitration between Hainan Machinery Import and Export
Corporation and Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 34, our High Court was
asked to enforce a foreign arbitration award pursuant to the New York
Convention. Judith Prakash J held at 46, [45] that:

[T]he principle of comity of nations requires that the awards of foreign
arbitration tribunals be given due deference and be enforced unless
_exceptional circumstances_ exist. As a nation which itself aspires to be an
international arbitration centre, Singapore must recognise foreign awards if
it expects its own awards to be recognised abroad. _I could see no exceptional
circumstances in this case which would justify the court in refusing to
enforce the award …_ [emphasis added]

36 In _Parsons & Whittemore Overseas Co, Inc v Societe Generale de l’Industrie
du Papier (RAKTA)_ 508 F 2d 969 (1974) at 974, the US Court of Appeal noted
that the public policy limitation in the New York Convention is to be
construed narrowly and applied only where “enforcement would violate the forum
state’s most basic notions of morality and justice”. The court also
differentiated between domestic and “international” public policy, saying that
it would seriously undermine the utility of the New York Convention if its
public policy defence were to be read as a “parochial device” protective only
of national political interests.

37 This stance was followed by the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in _Hebei Import
& Export Corp v Polytek Engineering Co Ltd (No 2)_ [1998] 1 HKC 192 at
206–207:

_The test we would therefore adopt is: whether in all the circumstances of the
case, it would violate the most basic notions of morality and justice of the
Hong Kong system if the foreign award in question is to be enforced._ The
cases in which the court would come to such a conclusion would not be … very
common. We would be slow to condemn what happened before an arbitration
tribunal in a foreign jurisdiction as having violated the most basic notions
of morality and justice of our system unless it is quite clearly the case.
[emphasis added]

38 In similar vein, the Supreme Court of India observed in _Renusagar Power Co
Ltd v General Electric Co_ AIR 1994 SC 860 at [51] that:

A distinction is drawn while applying the said rule of public policy between a
matter governed by domestic law and a matter involving conflict of laws. _The
application of the doctrine of public policy in the field of conflict of laws
is more limited than that in the domestic law and the courts are slower to
invoke public policy in cases involving a foreign element than when a purely
municipal legal issue is involved._ [emphasis added]

39 We recognised that all four cases dealt with the enforcement of foreign
arbitral awards. Nevertheless, we agreed with counsel for Burswood that the
same public policy requirements that apply to the enforcement of international
arbitral awards should apply to enforcement of foreign judgments under the
RECJA. Both the New York Convention and the RECJA were enacted with the basic
aim of removing pre-existing obstacles to the enforcement of foreign awards or
judgments. A narrow reading of the public policy defence would help to further
this aim. Above all, considerations of reciprocity that underlie both the New
York Convention and the RECJA enjoin courts to invoke the public policy
defence with caution.

40 We pause here to iterate the point that the statutory regime in question is
based on reciprocal treatment of the judgments of the High Court and the Court
of Appeal of Singapore on the one hand, and corresponding courts of other
countries within the Commonwealth on the other. Specifically, the Minister by
gazette notification S 383/93 extended the application of the RECJA to
judgments of the Supreme Court of Western Australia after being satisfied that
reciprocal provisions had been made by the State Legislature of Western
Australia for the enforcement of judgments obtained in the High Court and the
Court of Appeal of Singapore.

41 For these reasons, we concurred with Burswood’s submissions that public
policy in the conflict of laws operates with less vigour than public policy in
the domestic law. As such, we determined that Liao would have to surmount the
higher public policy threshold in order to prevail upon us to refuse
registration of the Australian judgment on grounds of public policy.

_Whether registration of the Australian judgment was against public policy_

42 It remained for us to decide whether our domestic public policy, which has
thus far seen our courts set their face against the enforcement of gambling
debts, is so important as to form part of the core of essential principles of
justice and morality shared by all nations, thus raising it to the level of
“international” public policy. We were not so persuaded.

43 First, the various cases discussed earlier in this judgment indicate quite
clearly that other nations do not view the recognition of foreign judgments on
gambling debts as being against fundamental principles of justice and
morality. In this regard, we also considered the Malaysian case of _The
Aspinall Curzon Ltd v Khoo Teng Hock_ [1991] 2 MLJ 484 (“ _The Aspinall_ ”).
In _The Aspinall_ , the plaintiff casino obtained an English judgment against
the defendant and applied to the High Court of Kuala Lumpur to have the
judgment registered. The defendant argued that the English judgment was for a
gambling debt and should not be enforced as it was against public policy. The
judge disagreed and recognised the judgment, noting at 486 that public policy
was an “unruly horse” which was “never argued at all but only when other
points fail”. We observed that s 26 of the Malaysian Civil Law Act 1956 is _in
pari materia_ with s 5(2) of the CLA, and that s 5(1)(a)(v) of Malaysia’s
Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act provides a defence to the recognition
of a foreign judgment if enforcement of the judgment is contrary to Malaysia’s
public policy. In our considered opinion, Liao’s attempts to distinguish _The
Aspinall_ based on a comparison of the relevant statutory provisions were
weak, and we did not find that the minor differences in the language of the
provisions affected the outcome of the case in any way.

44 Second, we observed in _Star City_ ([9] _supra_) at [30] and [31] that:

[Singapore] now recognises that gambling can be permitted for its
entertainment value if it is strictly controlled and regulated by the relevant
authorities. Gambling per se is no longer considered to be contrary to the
public interest and this accounts for the various forms of legalised gaming
and gambling which currently [exist] in Singapore …

However, what is objectionable is courts being used by casinos to enforce
gambling debts disguised in the ‘form’ of loans. Valuable court time and
resources that can be better used elsewhere are wasted on the recovery of such
unmeritorious claims. The machinery of the courts cannot be used indirectly to
legitimise the recovery of moneys won upon wagers overseas when similar relief
would be refused for moneys won upon wagers in Singapore.

45 As we recognised two years ago, gambling _per se_ is not contrary to the
public interest in Singapore. To date, the stand we took in _Star City_ has
been bolstered by the fact that Singapore’s societal attitudes towards
gambling have evolved even further, as evinced by the fact that the Government
is giving serious consideration to the idea of building a casino on the island
of Sentosa. In this respect, we found this passage from _Intercontinental
Hotels Corporation (Puerto Rico) v Golden_ 15 NY 2d 9 (1964) at 14–15
instructive:

Public policy is not determinable by mere reference to the laws of the forum
alone. Strong public policy is found in prevailing social and moral attitudes
of the community. … It seems to us that, if we are to apply the strong public
policy test to the enforcement of the plaintiff’s rights under the gambling
laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, we should measure them by the
prevailing social and moral attitudes of the community which is reflected not
only in the decisions of our courts in the Victorian era but sharply
illustrated in the changing attitudes of the People of the State of New York.
The legalization of pari-mutuel betting and the operation of bingo games, as
well as a strong movement for legalized off-track betting, indicate that the
New York public does not consider authorized gambling a violation of “some
prevalent conception of good morals (or), some deep-rooted tradition of the
common weal.”…

46 We did not think that there were any public policy grounds militating
against registration of the Australian judgment which would offend a
fundamental principle of justice or a deep-rooted tradition of Singapore.
Neither did we have any evidence before us to indicate that the general
community in Singapore would be offended by the registration of a foreign
judgment on a gambling debt that was incurred in a licensed casino. If
anything, we were of the opinion that the prevalent conception of good morals
in the Singaporean community at large would be against Singaporeans who ran up
gambling debts in overseas jurisdictions and sought to evade their
responsibility for those debts when judgment had been issued against them.

**Conclusion**

47 Thus far, the focus of this judgment has been on the public policy
exception laid down in s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA. However, we also think it apt
to mention another provision of the RECJA which was neglected by counsel for
both parties but which we found relevant to the resolution of this case – s
3(1) of the RECJA. Whilst s 3(2) of the RECJA lays down various restrictions
on the court’s power to order the registration of foreign judgments, s 3(1) of
the RECJA gives the court the general discretion to order the registration of
a foreign judgment if “in all the circumstances of the case [the court] thinks
it is _just and convenient_ that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore”
[emphasis added]. In our assessment, Liao had failed signally in his attempt
to show that it was not just and convenient for us to register the Australian
judgment.

48 In the circumstances of this case, we did not think that registration of
the Australian judgment raised serious issues of morality, or that it offended
against an essential public interest in Singapore. We therefore ruled that
Burswood was entitled to the registration of the Australian judgment.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

