Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shahary bin Sulaiman v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGCA 39

Case Number | : | Cr App 3/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Bahadur Masih (James Masih and Co) and Ramli Salekhon (Ramli and Co) for appellant; Kan Shuk Weng and Benjamin Yim Geok Choon (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Shahary bin Sulaiman — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Presumptions of
trafficking and possession under ss 17 and 18 of Misuse of Drugs Act – Whether
proof of physical possession of drugs restricted to drugs found on accused
person physically – Whether presumption required to convict where direct
evidence of guilt existing – Sections 17, 18 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of fact by trial judge –
Whether trial judge's findings should be interfered with  
  

3 September 2004

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant was convicted on a charge of trafficking in a Class “A”
controlled drug specified in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed). The drug in question was diamorphine with a gross
weight of 583.04g and a net weight of 35.19g. The appellant was a 34-year-old
rag-and-bone man who plied his trade in a rented cargo van, registration
number GU9114C, which belonged to one Rahmah bte Arshad. Rahmah was not
concerned in this case other than as the person who rented her vehicle to the
appellant.

2 On 14 April 2003, about 12.10am, the appellant was driving the van along
Hougang Avenue 7 with one Sazali bin Omar as his passenger. They were stopped
by police officers Sergeant Pek Chee Keong (“Sgt Pek”) and Corporal Yeo Kee
Hwa (“Cpl Yeo”) who were on patrol duty. The officers stopped the van because
it was being driven without its headlights on.

3 The officers conducted a quick search of the van. Although at that time they
saw nothing incriminating in the back compartment of the vehicle, Sgt Pek
found a sachet of yellowish substance in the ashtray of the front compartment.
At that point, Sazali threw something away and both he and the appellant ran
in different directions. The two police officers gave chase and managed to
capture the appellant. Sazali was caught later after police reinforcements
arrived. After the two persons were brought back to the van, Sgt Pek searched
the van again. This time he found three bags, namely, a black “Lafuma” brand
bag which was a haversack, a black “Hayrer” brand bag, and a paper bag
advertising “Soo Kee Jewellery”. The trial judge found that the evidence as to
the precise spots from which these bags were found was not very satisfactory.
However, it was clear from his findings that the bags were recovered from the
front compartment of the van (as opposed to the rear cargo compartment). There
was no challenge in respect of the “Hayrer” and “Soo Kee” bags, but the
appellant disputed the prosecution evidence that the “Lafuma” bag was also
found in the front compartment.

4 The “Lafuma” bag was found to contain a large packet of substance suspected
to be heroin, a plastic bag containing 30 sachets of suspected heroin, another
plastic bag containing 12 sachets of suspected heroin, a Ziploc bag containing
seven sachets of suspected heroin, and a digital weighing scale. The “Hayrer”
bag contained a plastic bag with several smaller plastic bags, 12 straws of
suspected heroin, 13 empty straws, and a plastic bag containing ten white
tablets. The “Soo Kee” bag had a Ziploc bag, which contained crystalline
substances, as well as another container, which also had crystalline
substances. Sgt Pek also found three sachets of yellowish substances on the
ground at the front of the van. The Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) was
notified of the arrests and discovery of the substances.

5 Inspector Sim Wui Tong (“Insp Sim”) arrived at the scene with his team of
CNB officers and interviewed the appellant through a Malay interpreter. The
evidence adduced at trial, with regard to this interview, was that the
appellant confessed that the “Lafuma” bag, the Ziploc bag and the “Soo Kee”
bag, as well as the heroin in the “Lafuma” and Ziploc bags, belonged to him.
He also admitted that the substance known as “Tawas” in the “Soo Kee” bag
belonged to him.

6 The appellant and Sazali were jointly charged for trafficking in the heroin
seized from the van. Consequently, a statement under s 122(6) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) was recorded from the appellant. In it,
he stated:

The heroin belongs to me. Sazali has nothing to do with the heroin. I want to
plead for leniency as this is the first time encounter with this kind of
stuff. That’s all.

The appellant also gave three other statements under s 121 of the Criminal
Procedure Code. These are generally referred to as “investigation statements”.
In these statements he gave an account of his involvement in the heroin trade.
He stated that he was offered a parcel of heroin by a man known to him as “Ah
Seng”. He purchased this heroin from Ah Seng for $15,000. He repacked the
heroin and sold some to Sazali for $1,000. After selling to Sazali, the
appellant gave Sazali a lift in the van and shortly after that the two of them
were arrested when Sgt Pek and Cpl Yeo stopped the van.

7 The oral evidence of the appellant at trial differed significantly from the
story in his statements. He testified that in referring to the “black bag”
during his interview by Insp Sim he meant the “Hayrer”, and not the “Lafuma”,
bag. His explanation was that the “Lafuma” bag was probably left in the van by
Ah Seng. In his testimony he said that Ah Seng had borrowed his van on 12
April 2003 to transport some wares he had agreed to purchase from the
appellant. He (Ah Seng) returned the van about 9.00pm on 13 April 2003. At
that point a further deal was struck between them in that he (Ah Seng) would
pay the appellant $500 for the wares he had taken, but would, in turn, sell
ten sachets of heroin to the appellant for $3,000. The appellant agreed and
took the heroin back home where he repacked part of the drugs into 12 straws,
which he then put into the “Hayrer” bag together with another six of his own.
He kept another four sachets in the ashtray in the front compartment of the
van. He then went to meet Sazali to settle a debt in respect of drinks they
had had previously. After that he gave Sazali a lift to Hougang where they
were arrested at Avenue 7.

8 On appeal before us, the appellant’s first two grounds related to the
judge’s finding that the “Lafuma” bag was in the possession of the appellant,
and his rejection of the appellant’s explanations in court as to why he gave a
different account in his statements to the police. No matter how the question
is cast, the issue as to whether the “Lafuma” bag was in the front of the van
together with the “Hayrer” and “Soo Kee” bags, or by itself in the rear of the
van, was an issue of fact. The trial judge concluded that the “Lafuma” bag was
in the possession of the appellant at the time of his arrest. There was
nothing in the appellant’s appeal before us that warranted a pointed
examination as to how those findings of fact were made. In this case, it was a
matter of whether the appellant’s testimony in court adequately raised a
reasonable doubt against the evidence adduced by the Prosecution which
included the confessions of the appellant. The trial judge did not accept the
appellant’s explanation. It was a finding that an appellate court will not
interfere with, especially when it would have hinged on an evaluation of the
appellant’s evidence in court.

9 The only ground of appeal that we ought to consider concerned the question
of how the presumptions under ss 17(c) and 18(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
are to be used. For convenience, these two presumptions are set out verbatim:

**Presumption concerning trafficking**

17\. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

(a) 100 grammes of opium;

(b) 3 grammes of morphine;

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

(d) 15 grammes of cannabis;

(e) 30 grammes of cannabis mixture;

(f) 10 grammes of cannabis resin;

(g) 3 grammes of cocaine;

(h) 25 grammes of methamphetamine; or

(i) 10 grammes of any or any combination of the following:

(i) N, a-dimethyl-3,4-(methylenedioxy)phenethy-lamine;

(ii) a-methyl-3,4-(methylenedioxy)phenethyla-mine; or

(iii) N-ethyl-a-methyl-3,4-(methylenedioxy)phene-thylamine,

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug, shall, until the contrary is
proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his possession.

10 The presumption under s 17 is one of trafficking, not of possession.
Therefore, the Prosecution may invoke the presumption only after it has proved
beyond reasonable doubt that the accused person had the drugs in his
possession. What then is meant by “possession” in this provision? That seemed
to be the point counsel for the appellant was hoping to thrust before us.
Relying on a brace of decisions from this court, namely in _Low Kok Wai v PP_
[1994] 1 SLR 676 and _Fun Seong Cheng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 523, counsel stressed
that the obligation to prove possession must mean that the Prosecution had to
prove “physical possession” of the drugs at the time of the arrest. So far, he
has been correct. But, thereafter, counsel made an argument that, if accepted,
would place an unreasonable strain on the meaning of the phrase “physical
possession”. This term is not restricted to apply only where the drugs are
found on the accused person physically. If a person walks into a restaurant
with a bag in his hand and the knowledge that it contained drugs, he is
clearly in physical possession of the bag and the drugs. The sense does not
change when he places the bag on the ground next to him. The bag is physically
detached from his person, but no one would argue that the bag was no longer in
the physical possession of the man. Does the man lose physical possession if
he leaves the bag where he had put it, and walks two steps to an adjoining
table? We would think not. The question will then arise as to how far he needs
to go before it can be said that the bag was no longer in his possession. That
is a question of fact depending on the circumstances of the case. If the court
finds that the man had left a considerable gap in terms of space and time
between him and the bag, it may only mean that the stated timing of the moment
of possession would have to be amended to reflect when it was that the man
could still be regarded as being in possession of the bag.

11 Section 18, on the other hand, is a presumption of possession, not of
trafficking. The material evidence, that the Prosecution needed to prove
before the presumption can be invoked, is evidence that the accused person was
in physical possession of a key to anything containing drugs, or of any
container that contained drugs, or keys to any premises in which drugs are
found, or of any document of title relating to drugs. It can easily be seen
that s 18 is wider than s 17 and, consequently, there could be situations in
which parts of it might overlap with s 17. The present case is an example in
point. A person in possession of a bag of drugs, knowing that he was carrying
a bag of drugs, would thus attract the application of s 17, but it would also
naturally have attracted s 18(1)(a).

12 The trial judge found as a fact that the “Lafuma” bag was in the front
compartment of the van of which the appellant was the driver at the material
time. The judge further found that the bag belonged to the appellant. It was
also found that the “Lafuma” bag contained the bulk of the heroin seized. The
relevant part of his grounds ([2004] SGHC 135 at [59]) states as follows:

At the conclusion of my review of the evidence and the defence, I found the
defence to be entirely unworthy of belief. There was no doubt in my mind that
the accused was in possession of the Lafuma bag, the Hayrer bag and the heroin
in them, as well as the sachet in the ashtray, and that he had admitted that
they belonged to him.

However, on the evidence accepted by the trial judge, including the confession
of the appellant to selling heroin to Sazali, no presumption of law under the
Misuse of Drugs Act was in fact required to convict the appellant on the
charge. Moreover, even if the trial judge had relied on the presumption under
s 17 (as he was entitled to in this case), he had found no evidence to rebut
it. Similarly, had the judge relied on the s 18 presumption, there was
sufficient evidence of trafficking, and nothing sufficient to persuade the
court to find a reasonable doubt. In cases such as the present, it is
desirable that the court states whether its finding of guilt was based on
direct evidence (as would be in this case), or under the presumption in s 17
or 18 as the case may be.

13 We are of the opinion that there was no error in fact or law that required
us to set aside the conviction and sentence. The appeal was therefore
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

