Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Velstra Pte Ltd (in compulsory winding up) v Azero Investments SA  
[2004] SGHC 251

Case Number | : | Suit 445/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy, David Chan and Stanley Tok (Shook Lin and Bok) for plaintiff; Conrad Campos and Ramesh Tiwari (Robert Wang and Woo LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Velstra Pte Ltd (in compulsory winding up) — Azero Investments SA   
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Whether director of company actively assisted
creditor in collecting debt from company to the prejudice of other creditors –
Whether director was a "person connected with" or "associate" of defendant –
Regs 2, 4, 5 Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act Provisions) Regulations
(Cap 50, Rg 3, 1995 Ed) – Section 101 Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Avoidance of transactions – Unfair preferences – Whether
plaintiff's director allowed defendant creditor to garnish the plaintiff's
money to the prejudice of the plaintiffÂ’s other creditors – Whether defendant
held garnished money as constructive trustee for plaintiff – Whether unfair
preference given at "relevant time" – Sections 99, 100(1)(b), (c) Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) – Section 329(2)(a)(i) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994
Rev Ed)  
  

9 November 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

**The facts**

1 Velstra Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) is a local company incorporated on 19 June
1999 with a paid-up capital of $2.00. Its directors were a Belgian national,
Tony F E Snauwaert (“Snauwaert”), and a Singaporean, Tan Lee Chin (“Tan”). Tan
was also the plaintiff’s company secretary. Although the plaintiff’s objects
stated that its principal activities, _inter alia_ , related to information
technology in speech and artificial intelligence, in reality the plaintiff’s
sole activity was to act as an investment holding company.

2 The plaintiff is a fully-owned subsidiary of a Belgian company called
Language Development Fund (“LDF”). LDF was incorporated on 31 March 1999. As
at 31 August 2000, the plaintiff itself had nine subsidiaries of which six
were incorporated in Belgium and the remaining three in Singapore. The
Singapore subsidiaries were/are The French CALC Pte Ltd, The German CALC Pte
Ltd and The Italian CALC Pte Ltd (collectively “the Singapore subsidiaries”).
The six Belgian subsidiaries all bear the initials “LDC NV” in their names,
_eg_ The Slavic LDC NV (hereinafter they will all be referred to collectively
as “the LDCs”). Neither the plaintiff nor its Singapore subsidiaries carried
out any real business activity in Singapore. Similarly, its foreign
subsidiaries did not carry out any business activities either. The common
registered address of the plaintiff and its Singapore subsidiaries is at UIC
Building #12-05 which address is that of a local law firm.

3 The plaintiff was placed into compulsory liquidation by an order of court
dated 12 April 2002 made in Companies Winding Up No 600096 of 2002 (“the
winding-up petition”). The petitioner was one Harout Khatchadourian
(“Khatchadourian”), a Lebanese-American businessman who had extended an
unsecured loan of US$36m to the plaintiff on or about 24 December 1999. The
winding-up petition was based on a default judgment which Khatchadourian had
obtained on the unpaid loan, after it became due on 27 December 2001. William
Caven Hutchinson (“Hutchinson”), Kon Yin Tong and Wong Kian Kok (collectively
“the liquidators”) from the accounting firm of M/s Foo, Kon, Tan and Grant
Thornton were appointed joint and several liquidators. The liquidators
instituted these proceedings on the plaintiff’s behalf. One of the
liquidators, _viz_ Hutchinson, was the plaintiff’s only witness.

4 According to subsequent investigations conducted by the liquidators, the
plaintiff and its subsidiaries were essentially established by individuals who
were closely associated with Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products NV (“L&H”), a
speech technology and voice synthesis software company incorporated in
Belgium. At the material time, L&H was the world’s largest provider of speech
recognition software competing against computer giants like IBM and Philips
Electronics. The founders and managers of L&H were Jo Lernout (“Lernout”), Pol
Hauspie (“Hauspie”) and Nico Willaert (“Willaert”). The plaintiff and its
subsidiaries were established for the sole purpose of acquiring licences from
L&H for its software.

5 Azero Investments SA (“the defendant”) was incorporated under the laws of
Luxembourg on 23 November 1999 and has its registered office at 106, Route
d’Arlon L-8210, Mamer. Since its incorporation to date, the directors of the
defendant are three Luxembourg entities, _viz_ F van Lanschot Management SA, F
van Lanschot Corporate Services SA and Harbour Trust and Management SA.

6 The shareholders of the defendant are Rozea Lux Holding SA (“Rozea”) and FVL
Management, holding 9,999 shares and one share respectively. Its parent
company, Rozea, was incorporated on 9 June 1999 under its former name Azero
Investments SA. Rozea changed to its present name on 16 November 1999 just
before the defendant was incorporated. The three directors of the defendant
were also the original shareholders and directors of Rozea.

7 On its day of incorporation (9 June 1999), the aforementioned three
shareholders of Rozea transferred their shares to APJ Veltmeijer, Robert AF
Veltmeijer and JHMJF Philippen. APJ Veltmeijer and Robert AF Veltmeijer
(“Veltmeijer”) are brothers while JHMJF Philippen is their brother-in-law.

8 On 17 August 1996, a company which came to be known as NV Language
Investment Company (“LIC”) was incorporated. Its managing director was Willem
Hardeman.

9 On 11 February 1999, Snauwaert incorporated a company in Ghent, Belgium,
called BVBA Language Development Service (“LDS”) with himself as the sole
director. This was followed by the incorporation of LDF ([2] _supra_) on 31
March 1999. The directors of LDF were Snauwaert, LDS and LIC. Upon
incorporation, the capital of LDF was 2.5m Belgian Francs (“BEF”) divided into
2,500 shares of 1,000 BEF each. The shareholders were LDS (2,499 shares) and
LIC (one share). On the same day of its incorporation, an extraordinary
general meeting was held wherein LDF’s capital was increased from 2.5m BEF to
77.76m BEF by the issuance of 75,260 new shares of 1,000 BEF each to a company
called Mercator & Noordstar NV (“M&N”) whose chief executive officer (“CEO”)
is Ronald Everaert. M&N is an insurance company listed on the Belgian stock
exchange.

10 In January 1999, whilst he was on a skiing holiday, Veltmeijer met one
Thomas Denys (“Denys”) who introduced himself as a financial adviser of L&H.
In actual fact, Denys was the general counsel and senior vice president of
L&H. At that time, L&H was highly regarded in Belgium as a leader in speech
technology. L&H was listed on the Belgian stock-exchange and had a secondary
listing on NASDAQ in the United States. It was at one time the darling of the
stock market and documents produced in court showed that broking houses gave a
“buy” recommendation on the stock. Computer giants such as Microsoft and Intel
were amongst its investors. The company was constantly in the news; at its
height its share price rose to US$80 with a projected increase of another
US$40. However by 9 November 2002 when trading in its stock was suspended, its
price had nose-dived to US$6.22 (according to Internet business reports).
After L&H collapsed, its share price dropped further to a few cents (according
to Veltmeijer). During its heyday, a large section of Belgian society
(including the royal family) invested in L&H in one way or another.

11 Veltmeijer was told by Denys that L&H invested in the development of speech
technology for various languages and that this was normally done through joint
ventures with other parties. Veltmeijer then had a Hungarian business partner
who was keen on developing software to translate the Hungarian language into
English. As Veltmeijer thought his business partner would be interested in the
business of L&H, he stayed in touch with Denys.

12 On 14 September 1999, Veltmeijer and his Hungarian partner visited the
offices of L&H in Leper. They met Denys who introduced them to Snauwaert and
Hauspie. In the course of conversation, Veltmeijer and his partner were told
that L&H was looking for investors. They were given a demonstration of speech
technology products, which greatly impressed them.

13 Veltmeijer was surprised, albeit flattered, to be invited by the three
founders of L&H to the opening ceremony of its Leper office on 11 November
1999. His bank manager was most impressed. Guests at the opening ceremony
included the Crown Prince of Belgium. At Leper, Veltmeijer was introduced to
L&H’s managing director, Willaert, who Veltmeijer thought was the actual
decision-maker for the company as, whenever they held discussions, Snauwaert
would say he had to speak to Willaert before reverting to Veltmeijer.

14 However it was Snauwaert who proposed that Veltmeijer invest in a language
development company in Singapore. Veltmeijer said he was only comfortable with
investing in a Belgian company. Snauwaert then suggested that Veltmeijer’s
investment be by way of a loan to a Belgian company, _viz_ LDS. After further
discussions, it was agreed that Veltmeijer would make the loan and that the
same would be secured by personal guarantees from Willaert, Lernout and
Hauspie (hereinafter referred to as “the three sureties”). On 26 November
1999, a loan agreement (“the loan agreement”) for the sum of €2m (“the loan”)
was signed between LDS and the defendant; the loan was disbursed that day. A
separate surety agreement (“the guarantee”) was also signed that day by the
three sureties. The loan was to expire on 31 May 2001. Unbeknownst to
Veltmeijer, LDS and the plaintiff subsequently entered into a separate loan
agreement dated 3 December 1999 (“the sub-loan agreement”) whereby LDS agreed
to advance to the plaintiff 75% of the loan, repayable by 25 May 2001.
Snauwaert signed the sub-loan agreement as legal representative for both LDS
and the plaintiff.

15 Before proceeding further, it is necessary to give a brief background of
the Veltmeijer family. According to Veltmeijer, his father started a chain of
amusement parks in various parts of Europe. In January 1999, a large part of
that business was sold off. He, his brother and brother-in-law owned (usually
in equal shares), and operated between themselves, about 20 to 25 companies.
When he referred to the family or the Veltmeijer group of companies,
Veltmeijer said he meant those 20 to 25 companies. The family’s diverse
investments included real estate and rental businesses. As a result of the
sale of the group’s majority stake in amusement parks, the Veltmeijer family
was cash-rich and was looking for fresh investment opportunities when the
proposal from Snauwaert came along. Veltmeijer revealed that the loan extended
by the defendant to LDS was one of several investments which his family made
at that point in time through their various companies.

16 In mid-2000, press reports started to appear in Belgium questioning the
licensing fees which L&H was supposed to receive from four companies in the
LDS group. Veltmeijer became increasingly concerned by what he read.
Consequently, he instructed the defendant’s directors to write to LDS in
November 2000 about the disquieting state of L&H’s finances, to inquire about
the precise relationship between LDS and L&H and what further security the
three sureties proposed to furnish for the loan. The defendant’s directors
also requested for the audited accounts of LDS.

17 The letter from the defendant’s directors dated 10 November 2000 drew a
reply from Snauwaert dated 14 November 2000 in which he stated that LDS and
L&H had no relationship whatsoever, that the balance sheet of LDS was not
ready as the financial year had not ended and, (for the first time) explained
how the loan had been utilised. Snauwaert revealed that €1.5m therefrom had
gone into the plaintiff with the balance €0.5m being channelled to another
company called Four One-One.Com Pte Ltd (“the dot com company”). Veltmeijer
discovered subsequently that the €1.5m invested in the plaintiff was further
invested in three LDCs. In his letter, Snauwaert proposed that the loan be
converted into equity participation by Veltmeijer in the respective companies.
The defendant did not respond but in court, Veltmeijer said he was not keen on
equity participation having learnt where the loan had gone.

18 According to an Internet article produced to the court by the plaintiff,[1]
L&H filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the United States on 30 November 2000,
after failing to persuade its main lending banks to restructure its massive
loans of US$451m. Similarly, L&H went into bankruptcy in Belgium in November
2001.

19 Veltmeijer was not satisified with Snauwaert’s explanation. He requested a
meeting with Snauwaert. After encountering some difficulty in tracking
Snauwaert down, Veltmeijer eventually met him in February 2001. At the
meeting, Snauwaert handed Veltmeijer a report which he said was prepared by
L&H and which identified the various LDCs as well as the stages of development
of the various speech technology products. Snauwaert assisted Veltmeijer to
draw up a corporate structure of the companies related to LDS based on L&H’s
report. When Veltmeijer inquired how the corporate structure of LDS was linked
to L&H (in which Veltmeijer thought his family had invested by granting the
loan), Snauwaert explained that legally there was no relationship between L&H
and LDS. This was on the advice of accountants KPMG, for the purpose of off-
balance sheet accounting. Licensing and consultancy fees paid by LDS were
booked as revenue into L&H. It was then that Veltmeijer realised that LDS, the
various LDCs and the plaintiff were mere “letter-box” companies whose only
real assets were the licences they had obtained from L&H.

20 In later searches conducted on the defendant’s behalf in the Singapore
Registry of Companies, Veltmeijer learnt that the dot com company (registered
on 19 June 1999), like the plaintiff, had a paid-up capital of $2.00 and its
two directors were also Snauwaert and Tan. The two shareholders of the dot com
company were Tan Siew Lee and Lee Li Ching.

21 Snauwaert, however, was still convinced that there was value in the
plaintiff and in the LDCs, based on the report of L&H. He agreed to put up a
proposal to Veltmeijer on restructuring LDF. Subsequently, Veltmeijer did
receive the restructuring proposal from Snauwaert, which proposal included
restructuring the various LDCs as well as the subsidiaries of LDS.

22 Around end-March or early April 2001, Veltmeijer started thinking seriously
of investing in and taking control of LDF. To that intent and purpose, he held
several discussions with the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche (“D&T”) and
retained the services of a Belgian law firm, Advocatenassociatie Gilkens Panis
Vandersanden (“AGPV”), and Mr Leo Panis (“Panis”) in particular. Veltmeijer
himself contacted M&N, the shareholder of LDF holding 97% of its shares. He
met the CEO Ronald Everaert in April 2001 on the possibility of acquiring LDF.
Between April and June 2001, Veltmeijer and his advisers had numerous
discussions with M&N and their advisers. M&N made an offer of its shares to
Veltmeijer who made a counter-offer.

23 Separately, Veltmeijer had acquired 499 shares in LDF from LDS on 28 May
2001. He did this so that as a shareholder he would be entitled to minutes of
general meetings and would have access to the financial statements of LDF.
Veltmeijer also attended an extraordinary general meeting of LDF on 30 May
2001 (“the EOGM”) where he questioned M&N on its withdrawal of funds to the
LDF group in order to repay M&N’s loans (totalling US$5.08m), thereby
jeopardising the cash flow of the LDF group. Veltmeijer had also requested for
a proper valuation of the LDCs without which he said he could not properly
formulate his takeover offer. The demonstration he saw at L&H’s office at
Leper had convinced Veltmeijer that LDF had definite speech technology
capability and hence value. He wanted to secure that technology.

24 Shortly after the EOGM, Veltmeijer requested Snauwaert for a statement of
the assets of the LDCs. Through his lawyers, M/s Mattjis, Van Roy, Voet & Co
(“Voet & Co”), Snauwaert sent a letter dated 13 June 2001 (“the 13 June
letter”) which contained a schedule of the bank balances of the various LDCs.
The schedule showed that the plaintiff, the dot com company and its
subsidiaries had substantial cash balances in their bank accounts maintained
with KBC Bank NV Singapore branch (“KBC”) as well as in the account the
plaintiff maintained with the Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”). All the
accounts were US dollar-denominated.

25 As the loan expired on 31 May 2001, Panis wrote on the defendant’s behalf
to Snauwaert on 1 June 2001, inquiring what steps LDS proposed to take to
recover the loan from the plaintiff and the dot com company. Voet & Co replied
on 11 June 2001 to say that although the loan was due in turn from the
plaintiff and the dot com company on 25 May 2001, neither company was in a
position to pay LDS to enable LDS in turn to pay the defendant. Voet & Co
proposed that LDS assign to the defendant its sub-loan to the plaintiff and
the dot com company, in order to discharge the loan.

26 Based on the schedule attached to the 13 June letter, Veltmeijer realised
that the defendant could recover some of the loan moneys from the bank
balances of the plaintiff and its subsidiaries if he accepted Snauwaert’s
assignment proposal. When he testified, Veltmeijer explained that the
defendant had no other option. By June 2001, the guarantees given by the three
sureties were valueless. The three sureties had been taken away in handcuffs
for questioning on or about 27 April 2001 and had been detained, pending
investigations and/or the filing of criminal charges against them. L&H had
collapsed (see [18] _supra_) and it was the subject of separate investigations
in Belgium and of class actions in the United States. Every newspaper and
television station in Belgium talked about L&H’s spectacular fall and
everything the company owned was seized. Veltmeijer testified he was advised
by his lawyers that if the defendant sued, it would be 200th creditor in the
queue. In any case, because of the pending criminal investigations, Belgian
law prohibited the commencement of civil proceedings until the criminal
proceedings were completed. When Veltmeijer told Panis that the defendant
would not accept the assignment if he had to give up the defendant’s rights
against the three sureties, the latter reportedly said, “Then they won’t do
it”.

27 By an agreement dated 14 June 2001 (“the Assignment”), LDS assigned to the
defendant its debt of €1.5m due from the plaintiff and its debt of €0.5m due
from the dot com company. Snauwaert signed the Assignment on behalf of LDS
while one M A Verhaagen was authorised to sign on the defendant’s behalf.
Notice of the Assignment was given to the plaintiff on 22 June 2001 by M A
Verhaagen and acknowledged by the plaintiff on 25 June 2001. In the Notice of
Assignment, the defendant also demanded payment from the plaintiff of the sum
owed to LDS.

28 According to Veltmeijer, pursuant to a request from Voet & Co dated 19 June
2001, he had agreed that the defendant would not exercise its rights as
assignee, in such a manner as to leave the plaintiff and the dot com company
without sufficient funds to carry out their daily administrative functions.

29 On 3 July 2001, pursuant to the Assignment, the defendant commenced
proceedings against the dot com company and the plaintiff in Suit Nos 824 and
825 of 2001 respectively. The defendant’s claim against the dot com company
was for US$558,499 (equivalent to €0.5m) whilst the claim against the
plaintiff was for US$1,872,240 (equivalent to €1.5m).

30 Neither company entered an appearance to the two writs of summonses.
Consequently, on 12 July 2001, the defendant obtained judgment in default of
appearance against the dot com company and the plaintiff in the principal sums
of US$558,499 and US$1,872,240 respectively (not including contractual
interest at 16% per annum and costs). Demands for the judgment debts were made
by the defendant’s solicitors but there was no response from either the dot
com company or the plaintiff.

31 Accordingly, based on the information contained in the schedule to the 13
June letter, the defendant’s solicitors commenced separate garnishee
proceedings against KBC and DBS on the judgments obtained against the
plaintiff. The garnishee orders _nisi_ were made absolute against KBC and DBS
on 8 August 2001 in the sums of US$204,543.98 and US$91,546.48 respectively.
On 10 August 2001, KBC paid Panis’ firm, AGPV, the sum of S$308,931.47
(equivalent to US$204,543.98). A sum of US$5,000 was left in the KBC account
in accordance with the agreement reached between Snauwaert and the defendant
(see [28] _supra_). DBS paid the sum of US$91,347.04, also to AGPV, on 21
August 2001, leaving a balance of US$113.58 in the plaintiff’s account.

32 Thereafter, various sums of moneys were deposited into the DBS account of
the plaintiff by three LDCs, _viz_ The Taiwanese LDC Pte Ltd, The Vietnamese
LDC Pte Ltd, The Malay LDC Pte Ltd, as well as the dot com company. This was
apparently done on the instructions of Snauwaert as the managing director of
all four companies. I should add that the plaintiff’s account with KBC was
closed on 19 September 2001 and the credit balance in the account was
transferred to the DBS account.

33 On 11 October 2001, Snauwaert tendered his resignation as director and
managing director of the plaintiff as well as his directorships of the
plaintiff’s subsidiaries and the dot com company. Under Singapore law,
Snauwaert’s resignations would not have been effective as no substitutes were
appointed to replace him. According to searches produced in court by counsel
for the defendant, the six Belgian subsidiaries of the plaintiff as well as
other LDCs were put into liquidation on various dates in 2002 to 2003.

34 On 9 November 2001, the defendant’s solicitors applied to garnish the DBS
account again. By then the credit balance in the account was US$250,346.98. On
26 November 2001, the garnishee order _nisi_ was made absolute against DBS in
the sum of US$250,346.98. On 18 December 2001, DBS discharged the garnishee
order absolute by remitting to AGPV the sum of US$250,145.08 (less a deduction
of S$140 for the costs of DBS).

35 The defendant filed a proof of debt for (the balance of) its claim with the
liquidators. The defendant’s proof of debt and those of other creditors of the
plaintiff have not been adjudicated upon as the plaintiff has no assets and
there is nothing to distribute. Tan as director had submitted on the
plaintiff’s behalf a list of creditors to the liquidators, which list included
LDS.

**The claim**

36 The liquidators filed this suit on 6 May 2003. In the Re-Amended Statement
of Claim, it was alleged that Snauwaert had breached his fiduciary duties as a
director of the plaintiff in actively assisting the defendant to recover
US$546,152 from the plaintiff to the prejudice of the plaintiff’s other
creditors. As the sole person authorised to operate the plaintiff’s KBC and
DBS bank accounts, Snauwaert’s conduct had caused the plaintiff to unfairly
prefer the defendant in the plaintiff’s insolvency over its other creditors,
within the meaning of s 99(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)
(“the Bankruptcy Act”) read with s 329 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev
Ed) (“the Companies Act”). It was alleged that the plaintiff had failed to
take steps to ensure that its only assets at the relevant time, _viz_ the
funds in its bank accounts which were the subject matter of the three
garnishee proceedings, were preserved and distributed _pari passu_ amongst all
its creditors rather than made only available to a single creditor.

37 In the alternative, it was pleaded that the defendant was at all material
times “a person connected” with the plaintiff’s sole shareholder, LDF, within
the meaning of reg 2 of the Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act
Provisions) Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 3, 1996 Ed) (“the Companies Regulations”)
and/or was “an associate” of the plaintiff’s sole shareholder, LDF, within the
meaning of s 101 of the Bankruptcy Act read with regs 4 and 5 of the Companies
Regulations and s 329(1) of the Companies Act.

38 The liquidators alleged that the plaintiff was influenced by a desire to
put the defendant into a position which, in the event of the plaintiff’s
insolvency, would be better than the position the defendant would otherwise
have been in if those acts had not been done or had not been suffered to be
done.

39 It was further alleged that the unfair preferences given to the defendant
took place within the period of two years ending with 22 March 2002, _viz_ the
date of presentation of the winding-up petition. Consequently, the time at
which each of the unfair preferences was given was a “relevant time” within
the meaning of s 100(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act read with s 329(2)(a)(i) of
the Companies Act.

40 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant knew or ought to have known that
Snauwaert was a director of the plaintiff and owed fiduciary duties to the
plaintiff, that the plaintiff was insolvent at the material time, that
Snauwaert allowed the defendant to garnish the plaintiff’s moneys to the
prejudice of the plaintiff’s other creditors and that Snauwaert’s personal
interest in LDS conflicted with the duties he owed to the plaintiff. As such,
the liquidators alleged that the defendant held and continues to hold the
moneys it had garnished as constructive trustee for, and is liable to account
for the same to, the plaintiff.

41 In its Re-Amended Defence, the defendant denied that Snauwaert was a
director of the defendant or was a person in accordance with whose directions
or instructions the directors of the defendant were accustomed to act. The
defendant pleaded that Snauwaert was not a “person connected with” or an
“associate” of the defendant within the meanings defined in the Companies
Regulations and Bankruptcy Act respectively.

42 The defendant contended that the controlling mind and will of the defendant
at all material times remained with Rozea, its parent company, none of which
shareholders (the two Veltmeijers and their brother-in-law) exercised any
control whatsoever over LDF, the plaintiff’s parent company. Control over LDF
was exercised by its board of directors and/or by M&N, its main shareholder.

43 The defendant denied that the execution of the Assignment was a breach of
the fiduciary duties Snauwaert owed to the plaintiff. The defendant, _inter
alia_ , averred that LDS, the LDCs, the plaintiff and its subsidiaries were
vehicles set up by nominees or associates of the senior management of L&H as
part of a fraudulent design to inflate revenues and profits of L&H, thereby
artificially boosting its stock to benefit L&H and/or its senior management.
The defendant alleged that Snauwaert was a nominee of the senior management of
L&H and acted on the latter’s instructions. It was further alleged that
Khatchadourian was a nominee or associate of Snauwaert and/or of L&H who knew
or ought to know of the fraudulent design. The defendant questioned the
veracity of Khatchadourian’s loan of US$36m to the plaintiff which was alleged
to appear on a one-page document made in Beirut and did not state the purpose
nor require any collateral.

44 The defendant contended that the Assignment did not change the plaintiff’s
legal or financial position and denied that the plaintiff owed any duty to its
creditors to take any steps to preserve any of its assets for the benefit of
other creditors against the lawful action of one creditor. It was contended
that if the plaintiff was insolvent at the material time, it was due to the
alleged loan of US$36m (and the interest accruing thereunder) of
Khatchadourian. If indeed the plaintiff was insolvent at the material time
(which was denied), the defendant pleaded that the fiduciary duties owed by
Snauwaert as a director did not extend to taking steps to preserve the
plaintiff’s assets against the lawful action of a creditor enforcing its legal
rights.

45 The defendant also contended that Suit No 825 of 2001 was an incontestable
action to which the plaintiff had no defence and there were no grounds for
staying enforcement of the judgment in the suit.

46 As for the garnishee proceedings, the defendant averred that they were
three separate and independent transactions so that only the last garnished
payment received on 18 December 2001 fell within the period of six months
ending with 22 March 2002.

47 It was further pleaded that Snauwaert, in his capacity as director of LDF
and with the authority of its shareholders, had furnished the schedule of
assets attached to the 13 June letter for the purpose of enabling Veltmeijer
to evaluate what assets LDF and its subsidiaries had. (The Defence did not
elaborate on the purpose of Veltmeijer’s evaluation.)

**The evidence**

**_The plaintiff’s case_**

48 Hutchinson was the only witness for the plaintiff. At the outset, I had
inquired of counsel for the plaintiff and was told that Snauwaert would not
testify as he was outside the jurisdiction of our courts and was unwilling to
be a witness. Further, although she was within jurisdiction, Tan was not
called to testify either, as Hutchinson formed his opinion (after interviewing
her) that she was only a nominee director who simply followed Snauwaert’s
instructions. This was apparently confirmed by Snauwaert whom Hutchinson had
interviewed outside jurisdiction, in the presence of a lawyer from Voet & Co.
Hutchinson had in his affidavit evidence repeated what he had learnt from
Snauwaert, that the latter had acted on the instructions of the senior
management of L&H on all the significant transactions of the plaintiff and its
subsidiaries. This fact was common ground between the parties. I should point
out that in press reports which appeared after the collapse of L&H, Snauwaert
was described as “the front man” of L&H.

49 In the course of his cross-examination, Hutchinson revealed that
Khatchadourian, who was/is the plaintiff’s largest creditor, was funding this
litigation. The defendant and their counsel viewed this fact as sinister and
the real motive for mounting this suit. It was suggested in the Defence and in
Veltmeijer’s testimony, that Khatchadourian’s loan and default judgment of
US$36m were highly suspect. I can only say that by the same token, the same
criticism can be levelled against the defendant’s default judgments obtained
in Suit Nos 824 and 825 of 2001. This suit is not the proper forum for the
defendant to raise its doubts on the _bona fides_ of the motives of
Khatchadourian and/or his loan since the winding-up proceedings were based on
the judgment that Khatchadourian had obtained pursuant to his loan; it is far
too late. The circumstances surrounding Khatchadourian’s loan are not relevant
for my purpose. In his testimony, Hutchinson had distinguished
Khatchadourian’s personal loan as straightforward as compared with the
convoluted manner (see [51] _infra_) in which loans to and from the plaintiff
were channelled by Snauwaert.

50 In his testimony, Hutchinson said the plaintiff was clearly insolvent at
the time of the garnishee proceedings, based on its accounting and financial
records. The plaintiff’s balance sheet as at 31 August 2000 showed that its
liabilities totalled $4,440,153 whilst its profit and loss accounts as at that
date showed it suffered a loss of $4,439,255. It was also noted that the
plaintiff was unable to repay the loan on its due date of 31 May 2001.

51 Hutchinson had, in the course of his investigations, uncovered a large
number of transactions which tied the plaintiff to L&H. He had seen in the
plaintiff’s cash books a number of loans which were described as from “a
consortium of Belgian investors”. He noted that funds were usually channelled
through companies controlled by Snauwaert or through Snauwaert’s own bank
accounts. The funds were ultimately traced back to the three sureties. Indeed,
the case pending against the three sureties was that they had borrowed money
and channelled the funds through a number of their offshore companies,
including the plaintiff and its nine subsidiaries.

52 Based on the transactions that he had seen, Hutchinson’s view was that
there was a connection between the plaintiff, Snauwaert and the defendant. The
level of co-operation between Snauwaert and the defendant in enabling the
latter to recover money from the plaintiff was not an ordinary third party
relationship. It did not make commercial sense for the defendant to accept an
assignment from LDS of the plaintiff’s debt when the plaintiff was already in
default on its loan from LDS, particularly when the loan was guaranteed by the
three sureties. He noted that no attempt was made to call on the guarantee
before the taking of the Assignment. It was even more noteworthy that the
Assignment released LDS without recourse to the three sureties. The
transaction made no sense other than to allow access to cash that was
available through the plaintiff. As the lender, the defendant was in a far
stronger position to dictate terms to the borrower, LDS, than _vice versa_.
The defendant could have gone against LDS and put it into liquidation. In that
event, there would have been no need to release the three sureties, who were
all very wealthy individuals in the past and could be expected to have assets.
The release of the three sureties was even less comprehensible viewed in the
light of Veltmeijer’s testimony that it was on the comfort of their guarantee
that the defendant had granted the loan.

53 The plaintiff had asserted[2] that Snauwaert was the controlling mind of
the defendant on whose directions or instructions the directors of the
defendant were accustomed to act. Cross-examined on whether he disputed that
the controlling mind of the defendant and its parent company, Rozea, was in
fact the Veltmeijer brothers and their brother-in-law, Hutchinson candidly
admitted that he had no way of knowing who was in fact the controlling mind of
the defendant. Again, Snauwaert would have been a crucial witness in this
regard and his absence from court was most unfortunate.

54 On the omission to defend Suit Nos 824 and 825 of 2001, Hutchinson
explained that Snauwaert and Tan should have taken legal advice on what steps
to take, knowing the plaintiff was insolvent. One such step would have been to
file for voluntary liquidation of the plaintiff and let the provisional
liquidator evaluate the merits of the two claims.

55 On the schedule to the 13 June letter, Hutchinson opined that if indeed
Veltmeijer was serious about investing in LDF, Veltmeijer would have requested
for more information on the company than a list of its bank accounts. An
investor would have wanted to know the company’s assets and liabilities.
Further, as D&T were his appointed financial advisers for the proposed
takeover of the company, why did Veltmeijer have to do his own evaluation of
LDF’s assets? Hutchinson pointed out that at the EOGM which Veltmeijer
attended, he had already received a set of the company’s accounts. (Indeed,
Veltmeijer received two sets of accounts, one set for LDF as a going concern
and the other in the event of its liquidation.) If he already had the bank
account information then, Hutchinson questioned why Veltmeijer was asking for
it again in the following month. (In its closing submissions, the defendant
offered an explanation – Veltmeijer knew what the liabilities of LDF and its
subsidiaries were from the status report handed to him by Snauwaert, but not
its assets. As it was a known fact by then that all the companies were mere
letter boxes, Veltmeijer knew they would only incur administrative, not
operational, expenses; the companies’ liabilities for administrative expenses
would also be only nominal.)

56 The greater part of Hutchinson’s testimony was based on conclusions that he
had reached after reviewing all the relevant documents and transactions and
from the interviews that he had conducted overseas, including Belgian
authorities involved in the ongoing investigations on L&H and the three
sureties. Very little of Hutchinson’s evidence was based on contemporaneous
events. Whilst I can appreciate the difficulties Hutchinson must have
encountered in discharging his duties as liquidator, the lack of primary
evidence and Snauwaert’s absence from court hampered the plaintiff’s case.

**_The defendant’s case_**

57 The defendant first called to the stand JO Van Crugten (“Crugten”) who
was/is a common director of the three Luxembourg entities identified earlier
in [5] as the defendant’s directors. Besides himself, the individuals who made
up the board of directors of the three director companies were Mrs CAM
Peuteman and Mr Hermes and Mr Faber. Crugten deposed that there had been no
changes in the directorship of the defendant’s parent company, Rozea, from its
inception.

58 Essentially, Crugten confirmed what has been set out in [5] to [7]. He
further confirmed that Snauwaert was not and has never been a director of the
defendant or of the director companies of the defendant. However, he had met
Sanuwaert on 26 November 1999 at the signing of the loan agreement. Neither
Crugten nor any of the other individual directors from the three director
companies of the defendant had taken instructions at any time from Snauwaert.
Crugten deposed that the directors took their instructions from the
defendant’s shareholders, _viz_ the Veltmeijer brothers and their brother-in-
law.

59 Crugten also confirmed the loan, the subsequent events which led to the
Assignment, the proceedings in Suit Nos 824 and 825 of 2001 as well as the
garnishee proceedings, concluding with the defendant’s receipt of
US$545,935.10 through their Belgian solicitors. He was also the author of the
defendant’s letter dated 10 November 2000 to LDS ([17] _supra_) written on
Veltmeijer’s instructions. These facts, together with Crugten’s information on
the corporate structures of the defendant and Rozea, were all well documented
and could not be disputed by the plaintiff. Hence, Crugten’s cross-examination
was minimal.

60 Veltmeijer was the principal witness for the defendant and he was cross-
examined _in extenso_. He revealed that when he was first approached to invest
in a language development company, he expressed less interest as he preferred
to invest in L&H. He was then told he would get a 20% return on his
investment. That figure was revised subsequently to 15% along with changes in
the investment proposal, culminating in the loan agreement with LDS. Because
of the guarantee from the three founders of L&H, Veltmeijer said he felt the
loan was a low risk investment. He was so impressed by L&H’s opening ceremony
at Leper that he and his brother decided not to question Snauwaert or L&H
further, for fear of losing the investment opportunity presented to them.

61 Questioned why the defendant had released the three sureties from the
guarantee, Veltmeijer explained that at the time the loan was extended, it was
represented to him that the defendant was the only lender who was given a
guarantee. He subsequently discovered from newspaper reports that the
representation was untrue as the three sureties gave many more guarantees for
even bigger amounts than the loan. In his mind, the guarantee was “absolutely
worthless” and it served no purpose to discuss with Panis further action on
the guarantee. Veltmeijer was unclear whether Panis had or had not advised him
that the defendant would have to obtain a fresh guarantee from the three
sureties together with the Assignment, in order to preserve the defendant’s
rights. Counsel for the plaintiff made much of this vague recollection by
Veltmeijer. As Panis was not called to testify, it served little purpose to
pursue this line of questioning as it would only be pure speculation.

62 Counsel for the plaintiff questioned Veltmeijer as to why his family, and
the defendant in particular, was prepared to lend to LDS, when Veltmeijer had
been told that LDS was a language development company which was developing
software based on the technology of L&H. Veltmeijer explained that it was not
relevant whether he was making the loan to a language development company or a
language service company as in his mind, he was lending to L&H. He believed he
must have asked Snauwaert about LDS and had received the assurance the company
was part of the L&H group. He was so trusting of Snauwaert that Veltmeijer did
not even conduct a search on LDS in public records. Had he known he was
lending to a letter-box company and there was no relationship between L&H and
LDS, Veltmeijer said he would have refused to grant the loan. Although he
conceded that the loan turned out to be a bad deal, Veltmeijer denied that
LDS, Snauwaert and the defendant did not deal with one another at arm’s
length.

63 Having seen the demonstration on speech technology in September 1999,
Veltmeijer said he was convinced that L&H was capable of doing what it touted
and that the company had real value. When he met Snauwaert in February 2001,
Veltemeijer formed the impression that Snauwaert was equally surprised as he
was by the disquieting newspaper articles on L&H. That was why Snauwaert gave
him the report prepared by L&H. Snauwaert tried to explain to Veltmeijer that
press reports stating L&H had inflated its revenue (using licence fees from
the LDCs) were untrue. At that same meeting, Snauwaert revealed to Veltmeijer
that M&N actually owned LDF and had increased its share capital. Veltmeijer
recalled Snauwaert saying something to the effect that as long as L&H
survived, the loan would be repaid. Payment was also contingent on the fate of
the LDCs. However, Snauwaert did not promise that LDS would repay the loan.
Veltmeijer also suggested that LDS lacked the funds to institute proceedings
against the plaintiff and the dot com company, for repayment of their
respective loans.

64 Although the defendant could have sued LDS upon receipt of Voet & Co’s
letter dated 11 June 2001 (see [25] _supra_) stating its inability to repay
the loan, Veltmeijer explained that he did not take legal action because doing
so would have “disturbed” the relationship and it was not in his nature to sue
so easily. By then, his attention was focused on purchasing LDF and/or the
LDCs. It emerged in the course of his re-examination, that like many Belgian
and other foreign investors, Veltmeijer could not believe that a conglomerate
like L&H could collapse so suddenly almost overnight. He harboured hopes (like
many others) that the company could still be saved by a new management team
and in that eventuality, the guarantee would be good against the three
sureties.

65 Just before he completed his acquisition of 499 shares in LDF from LDS,
Panis’ firm (AGPV) had written on behalf of the defendant and the Veltmeijer
group to M&N’s lawyer on 25 May 2001. In his letter, Panis, _inter alia_ ,
gave notice of the loan, informed M&N that Veltmeijer would be present at the
EOGM and voiced his clients’ sentiments that it would be a manifest abuse of
M&N’s majority position if it were to force through a decision at the EOGM to
put LDF into bankruptcy, which decision the Veltmeijer group would strongly
resist.

66 When he saw the accounts of LDF as at 31 December 2000 at the EOGM,
Veltmeijer disagreed with the company’s total write-off of its shares in the
LDC. He felt there was value in the LDCs and in their shares. Although M&N had
intended to liquidate LDF, Veltmeijer testified that M&N’s management seemed
to change its mind after his earlier letter dated 9 May 2001 to the CEO Ronald
Everaert to say he wanted to take over LDF as a going concern. (I note however
that in that same letter, Veltmeijer withdrew his counter-offer to M&N’s offer
(see [22] _supra_), after complaining that M&N had not reverted to him as
promised with the information he had requested.) It may well be that M&N too
decided to reconsider liquidating LDF after receipt of the letter dated 25 May
2001 from AGPV.

67 Veltmeijer revealed that after the three sureties were detained, there was
a new management team in place at L&H. He met Denys in April 2001 at the
office of L&H, as well as Philippe Bodson, the new CEO who was brought in to
save L&H. The two were very receptive to Veltmeijer’s statement that he
intended to purchase the LDF group. Denys indicated he would give his full co-
operation, declared that everything was negotiable and that L&H had to cut
costs in order to survive. Eventually however, Veltmeijer gave up the idea of
taking over LDF and the LDCs. Pressed by counsel for a date, Veltemeijer
testified this would have been some time in November 2001, after the
completion of the first round of garnishee proceedings but before the second
round of garnishee proceedings against the DBS account. (LDF went into
bankruptcy/liquidation on or about 28 November 2001.) Veltmeijer denied
counsel’s suggestion that he opposed the liquidation of LDF because of the
defendant’s Singapore proceedings.

68 Veltmeijer further denied that the minutes of meetings of LDF which he and
Snauwaert attended made no mention of the Singapore proceedings because both
of them deliberately wanted to suppress the information from M&N. Veltmeijer
pointed out that a lot of discussions at meetings of LDF were not minuted.
Such suggestion by counsel for the plaintiff was incorrect. In AGPV’s letter
to the Veltmeijer group dated 12 July 2001, Panis had stated that at the
annual general meeting of LDF on 2 July 2001 (“AGM”), an announcement was made
that the defendant had instituted proceedings in Singapore to recover its
debt.

69 Counsel made much of the fact that it was the plaintiff, not the defendant,
who produced the minutes of the meeting of LDF held on 21 November 2001 at
Ghent. In the plaintiff’s closing submissions, it was said that Veltmeijer
deliberately withheld those minutes because it showed that he had voted
against putting the company into liquidation. I do not accept that submission.
Veltmeijer had said he could not recall having attended that AGM. However, his
poor recollection of that and other events did not mean he was not truthful. I
certainly did not form the impression that Veltmeijer was evasive in his
answers under cross-examination. He had appointed legal and/or financial
advisers for the loan, for his (aborted) takeover of LDF as well as for the
Assignment. He was entitled to rely on such professional advisers to act in
his best interests, including attending to correspondence and meetings on his
behalf. I do not believe that Veltmeijer engaged in an elaborate (and
expensive) charade when he appointed D&T and AGPV to assist him in his
takeover of LDF; his intention was _bona fide_ even though it did not come to
fruition eventually. Neither do I accept the plaintiff’s suggestion that
Veltmeijer’s motive in delaying the liquidation of LDF was to buy time for the
Singapore proceedings, in order to recover the loan.

70 A considerable amount of time was also spent in cross-examining Veltmeijer
on newspaper and Internet articles on L&H. Some articles were exhibited in
Veltmeijer’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief whilst others were included in the
plaintiff’s bundle of documents. As there is always a risk of misreporting by
newspaper reporters and writers of articles, I was not prepared to accept the
contents of the articles as the gospel truth. In any event, I did not see
their relevance to the plaintiff’s case or to the defence. All that the
articles did was to confirm that the people behind L&H had by means of
creative accounting engaged in an elaborate scheme to deceive investors and
shareholders which succeeded, before _The Wall Street Journal_ (in August
2000) questioned the veracity of the company’s sales figures to its Korean
customers as they showed a 60,000% rise in profit from US$97,000 in the first
quarter of 1999 to nearly US$59m in the first quarter of 2000. An article in
_The Wall Street Journal_ of 9 April 2001[3] reported that an audit by
PriceWaterhouseCoopers commissioned by the new management under Philippe
Bodson had found that 70% of the nearly US$160m in sales booked by the Korean
unit of L&H between September 1999 and June 2000 were fictitious.

**The law**

71 I turn now to the legislation relied on by the plaintiff in its pleadings.
I start with s 99(1) of the Bankruptcy Act, which states:

Subject to this section and sections 100 and 102, where an individual is
adjudged bankrupt and he has, at the relevant time (as defined in section
100), given an unfair preference to any person, the Official Assignee may
apply to the court for an order under this section.

72 Unfair preference is explained in s 99(3)(b) as:

[A]n individual gives an unfair preference to a person if the individual does
anything or suffers anything to be done which (in either case) has the effect
of putting that person into a position which, in the event of the individual’s
bankruptcy, will be better than the position he would have been in if that
thing had not been done.

73 Section 100(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act states:

Subject to this section, the time at which an individual enters into a
transaction at an undervalue or gives an unfair preference shall be a relevant
time if the transaction is entered into or the preference given in the case of
an unfair preference which is not a transaction at an undervalue and is given
to a person who is an associate of the individual (otherwise than by reason
only of being his employee), within the period of 2 years ending with that
day; …

whilst s 101 explains the meaning of “associate”. For our purpose the
following subsections therefrom are relevant:

(1) For the purposes of sections 99 and 100, any question whether a person is
an associate of another person shall be determined in accordance with this
section.

(4) A person is an associate of an individual whom he employs or by whom he is
employed and for this purpose, any director or other officer of a company
shall be treated as employed by that company.

(6) A company is an associate of an individual if that individual has control
of it or if that individual and persons who are his associates together have
control of it.

74 The relevant provision in s 329 of the Companies Act states:

(1) Subject to this Act and such modifications as may be prescribed, any
transfer, mortgage, delivery of goods, payment, execution or other act
relating to property made or done by or against a company which, had it been
made or done by or against an individual, would in his bankruptcy be void or
voidable under section 98, 99 or 103 of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 (read with
sections 100, 101 and 102 thereof) shall in the event of the company being
wound up be void or voidable in like manner.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the date which corresponds with the date
of presentation of the bankruptcy petition in the case of an individual shall
be —

(a) in the case of a winding up by the Court —

(i) the date of the presentation of the petition; …

75 “Person connected with a company” is defined in reg 2 of the Companies
Regulations as:

(a) a director or shadow director of the company or an associate of such a
director or shadow director; or

(b) an associate of the company.

76 Regulation 5 of the Companies Regulations states:

In addition to the provisions of section 101 of the Bankruptcy Act by which
the question whether a person is an associate of another person is to be
determined, a company shall be regarded as an associate of another company if
—

(a) the same person has control of both companies, or a person has control of
one company and persons who are his associates, or he and persons who are his
associates, have control of the other company; or

(b) a group of 2 or more persons has control of each company, and such groups
either consist of the same persons or could be regarded as consisting of the
same persons by treating (in one or more cases) a member of either group as
replaced by a person of whom he is an associate.

**The findings**

77 In practical terms, it would have made little difference to the defendant’s
remedies even if a fresh guarantee had been extracted from the three sureties
at the time of the Assignment. Whether the defendant’s rights against the
three sureties under the guarantee were preserved, or a fresh guarantee was
obtained from them, does not detract from the fact that the three sureties
were incarcerated at the material time. Civil proceedings against them (if
allowed to be commenced under Belgian law) would be protracted. Chances of
recovering the loan were slim if the defendant was only one in a long line of
creditors who had secured similar guarantees from the three sureties not to
mention that other creditors had far larger claims against the three sureties.
Pursuing LDS and/or the three sureties to recover the loan may well have been
an exercise in futility and/or ended in a paper judgment, not to mention the
time and expense involved.

78 In the course of cross-examination, Veltmeijer’s attention was drawn to Art
11 of the loan agreement, which gave the defendant the right to accelerate
payment of the loan when certain default events spelt out thereunder occurred.
Such events included the filing for bankruptcy by LDS and the company’s
failure to meet its obligations arising under the loan agreement. Veltmeijer’s
testimony was that when he met his lawyer on 22 January 2001 before his
February meeting with Snauwaert, he had asked and was advised that no action
could be taken on the guarantee until the loan was due and LDS had failed to
pay. Veltmeijer was further told that none of the default events (save
possibly for provision (j)) in Art 11 had occurred so as to enable the
defendant to demand earlier repayment of the loan.

79 I am of the view that Art 11 would not have assisted the defendant at all
by the time news broke out on the true financial position of L&H. It would
have been too late for the defendant to call upon LDS for immediate payment of
the loan. I do not believe the financial position of LDS would have been any
better in mid-2000 (when disquieting press reports on L&H first appeared) than
on 1 June 2001 when the loan became due. In mid-2000, the plaintiff and the
dot com company would still not have been able to pay LDS and LDS in turn
would not have been able to pay the defendant. It bears remembering that six
months before the loan became due, the defendant had written to LDS on 10
November 2000 to inquire on the relationship between L&H and LDS. Snauwaert’s
reply ([17] _supra_) had categorically stated that the two companies were not
related. No safeguard provisions could have helped the defendant to recover
the loan then as the defendant did not know (until much later) that contrary
to Snauwaert’s reply, the fate and fortunes of LDS were inextricably linked to
that of L&H.

80 As a shareholder of the defendant’s parent company, Veltmeijer’s main
concern, not unnaturally, was how to get back his family’s money; the
Assignment represented the best or only prospect of doing so. What was
surprising was the extent Snauwaert assisted the defendant in this regard.

81 One is left to speculate on Snauwaert’s motives. Why did he go out of his
way to ensure the Assignment effectively enabled the defendant to recover the
loan in part? His assistance extended to crediting the DBS account with moneys
that came from the various LDCs and the dot com company. I very much doubt
that Snauwaert’s motives were altruistic or that he was prompted by his
conscience. For reasons best known to Snauwaert, he felt beholden to the three
sureties who were the founders of L&H. He was not at risk personally as he was
not a guarantor although the Assignment saved his company, LDS, from being
sued as the original borrower of the loan. Snauwaert made sure the three
sureties were unconditionally released from the guarantee in exchange for the
Assignment. In consideration thereof, the defendant was assured of recovering
the loan because Snauwaert took steps to put substantial funds into the
plaintiff’s two bank accounts of which he was the sole signatory.

82 In the absence of Snauwaert as a witness, the plaintiff could not challenge
nor rebut the testimony of the defendant’s first witness that Snauwaert was
not, and had never been, a director of the defendant or of the three director
companies of the defendant. Neither Crugten nor the individual directors from
the three director companies had ever taken instructions from Snauwaert
either; they took their instructions from the defendant’s main shareholder,
Rozea, _viz_ Veltmeijer, his brother and his brother-in-law. Consequently,
Snauwaert does not come within the definition of “associate” as defined in s
101 of the Bankruptcy Act or reg 5 of the Companies Regulations. Neither can
he be said to be a “person connected with [the defendant] company” under reg
2.

83 In its closing submissions,[4] the plaintiff sought to argue that Snauwaert
could be considered a “director” of the defendant within the extended meaning
under s 4 of the Companies Act, _viz_ “a person in accordance with whose
directions or instructions the directors of a corporation are accustomed to
act”. The plaintiff submitted that the defendant was taking instructions from
Snauwaert in connection with the garnishee proceedings, firstly on the
Assignment and secondly in pointing out the assets available for seizure. It
was argued that Snauwaert was a director of the plaintiff and a shadow
director of the defendant thereby rendering the defendant an associate of the
plaintiff.

84 In the alternative, the plaintiff submitted that by reason of Veltmeijer
being a shareholder of and his intention to acquire LDF, the defendant was an
“associate” of the plaintiff’s sole shareholder, LDF, within the meaning of s
101 of the Bankruptcy Act.

85 It has to be borne in mind that M&N controlled LDF, not the defendant.
Whilst Snauwaert was a director of and did indeed control LDS, the plaintiff
and its subsidiaries, and was also a director of LDF, he did not control LDF
nor did the directors of LDF act on his directions. Snauwaert had no control
over the defendant either and it would be straining the language of reg 2 of
the Companies Regulations to say he was/is “a person connected with” the
defendant merely because he agreed to execute on behalf of LDS the Assignment
in the defendant’s favour, for reasons only known to himself. Equally,
Snauwaert cannot conceivably come within the definition of an “associate” of
the defendant under s 101 of the Bankruptcy Act merely because of his common
directorship in LDS and the plaintiff’s parent company, LDF.

86 Conversely, the fact that LDF’s minority shareholder was Veltmeijer who
happened also to be a shareholder of the defendant’s parent company, Rozea,
does not make the defendant an “associate” of the plaintiff within s 101 of
the Bankruptcy Act or reg 2 or 5 of the Companies Regulations either. Neither
does it render Veltmeijer a person who (a) could exercise sufficient control
over LDF when the garnishee proceedings were ongoing and (b) who could prevent
LDF from going into liquidation.

87 In para 9B of the Re-Amended Statement of Claim, the plaintiff alleged that
the defendant alone or with Snauwaert had, at all material times and by reason
of the defendant’s rights arising from the default of LDS on the loan, the
right to control LDS and was therefore an “associate” of the plaintiff within
the meaning s 101 of the Bankruptcy Act. I accept the submission of the
defendant that this plea should be rejected as it was a bare assertion which
was not proved. The defendant had also pointed out an inconsistency in the
plaintiff’s case. If the Assignment was effective (which undoubtedly it was
because of this suit), the defendant would not in any event have had control
of LDS, as the Assignment released LDS from its obligations under the loan
agreement.

88 It should be borne in mind that Veltmeijer asked for a statement of the
assets of the LDCs and Snauwaert supplied, in response thereto, the bank
balances of the LDCs; Veltmeijer did not specifically request for the
information. Curiously enough, Voet & Co (again on Snauwaert’s instruction)
had voluntarily supplied to the plaintiff’s Singapore solicitors, on 10 August
2001, information on the bank balances of _all_ the LDCs in the hope that “the
information might be useful”.[5] By that date, I note that the orders _nisi_
against the KBC and DBS accounts had been made absolute in the first round of
garnishee proceedings. Was the information meant to assist the defendant in
further execution proceedings?

**_Was the plaintiff insolvent when the garnished sums were paid to the
defendant?_**

89 The plaintiff’s case that the company was insolvent was based on s 100(4)
of the Bankruptcy Act which states:

For the purpose of subsection (2), an individual shall be insolvent if —

(a) he is unable to pay his debts as they fall due; or

(b) the value of his assets is less than the amount of his liabilities, taking
into account his contingent and prospective liabilities.

I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the above subsection is to be read
disjunctively on its wording.

90 Based on the extended meaning of “liability” in s 2(1) of the Bankruptcy
Act, the plaintiff’s liabilities would include present, future, certain or
contingent liabilities. That meant the US$36m loan of Khatchadourian due on 27
December 2001 was a contingent liability that had to be taken into account to
determine if the plaintiff was insolvent at the material time. The plaintiff’s
last audited accounts were for the financial period 19 June to 31 August
2000.[6] As at 31 August 2000, the plaintiff’s balance sheet showed
accumulated losses of $4,440,153. The US$36m loan (equivalent to S$61.2m) of
Khatchadourian was classified as a term loan and/or long term liability
against net total assets of $25,736,319. The plaintiff’s profit and loss
account showed a net trading loss of $4,439,255. The company’s paid-up share
capital was only $2. Were it not for Khatchadourian’s loan, the plaintiff’s
net current assets would have exceeded its current liabilities by $25,736,329.
(According to the notes to the accounts, Khatchadourian’s loan was utilised as
working capital by the plaintiff and bore an interest rate of 9.41% per
annum.) Based on the definition in s 100(4)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act, the
contingent liability of US$36m (repayable more than two years after 31 August
2000) rendered the plaintiff insolvent.

91 As the parties in my view were neither “associates” nor “connected
persons”, the “relevant time” for determination of unfair preference would not
be the two years under subsection (1)(b) of s 100 of the Bankruptcy Act [73].
Instead, the “relevant time” is to be found in subsection (c) which states:

in any other case of an unfair preference which is not a transaction at an
undervalue, within the period of 6 months ending with that day.

92 The winding-up proceedings were commenced on 22 March 2002. Therefore, if
indeed there was undue preference, the relevant time under s 100(1)(c) of the
Bankruptcy Act would commence from 22 or 23 September 2001. Using 22 September
2001 as the cut-off date, the only payment that would be caught would be the
third garnished sum, _viz_ US$250,346.98, paid by DBS on 18 December 2001
pursuant to the second round of garnishee proceedings which were commenced on
9 November 2001. As the first round of garnishee proceedings was concluded by
August 2001, the defendant is entitled to retain the two sums obtained
therefrom totalling US$296,090.46. In this connection, I reject the
plaintiff’s alternative plea[7] that the acts complained of were so closely
connected as to form one transaction.

93 The next question to address is, was undue preference given by Snauwaert on
the plaintiff’s behalf to the defendant within the meaning of s 99(1)(b) of
the Bankruptcy Act in relation to the sum of US$250,346.98? Did Snauwaert put
the defendant in a better position by the Assignment than it would have been
in otherwise?

94 The plaintiff had pleaded[8] that Snauwaert owed and breached his fiduciary
duties as a director. This was not denied by the defendant and hence is not in
issue. What the defendant asserted[9] was that Snauwaert’s duties as a
director of an insolvent company _did not extend to taking steps_ to preserve
the plaintiff’s assets against the lawful actions of a creditor enforcing its
legal rights. The defendant, however, agreed that directors of an insolvent
company have a duty to consider the interests of its creditors (see _Federal
Express Pacific Inc v Meglis Airfreight Pte Ltd_ [1998] SGHC 417) but
submitted the duty only extended to not acting to the prejudice of the
creditors. It was submitted that the Assignment was not an act of the
plaintiff. As such, it caused no prejudice to the plaintiff’s creditors and
did not affect the legal and financial nature of the plaintiff.

95 Pausing here for a moment, it cannot be disputed that were it not for the
Assignment, the defendant would have had to sue the original debtor, LDS,
under Belgian law when the loan remained unpaid after 31 May 2001. It would
not have sued LDS in Singapore. Had the defendant obtained judgment in Belgium
against LDS, it could not have garnished the plaintiff’s debt to LDS under
Singapore law. Different jurisdictions would be involved and the defendant
would not have been a judgment creditor under Singapore law. Snauwaert’s act,
in his capacity as a common director of LDS and the plaintiff, in giving the
Assignment undoubtedly overcame the defendant’s legal difficulties and I
reject the defendant’s arguments to the contrary.

96 Based on the scenario in [95], it is my view that Snauwaert’s conduct fell
squarely within s 99(1)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act. I had observed earlier at
[81] that Snauwaert went out of his way to make the Assignment an effective
instrument for the defendant to recover the loan (in part). In its closing
submissions,[10] the defendant argued that as the execution of the Assignment
by Snauwaert on behalf of LDS was in discharge of his duties owed to the
defendant as a creditor, it was not influenced by a desire to put the
defendant in a better position than other creditors. I disagree. The fiduciary
duty owed by Snauwaert to act in the plaintiff’s best interests took
precedence over any duty he owed to third party creditors, let alone to a
particular creditor.

97 As the defendant’s closing submissions[11] conceded that the moneys in the
KBC and DBS accounts totalling US$546,152 constituted trust property, the only
question that needs to be determined is whether the defendant is liable to
account for the last sum garnished, as constructive trustee of the plaintiff.

98 Both sides agreed that the following requirements founded a constructive
trust, _viz_ :

(a) a particular property was subject to a trust;

(b) there was a transfer of that property by a fiduciary;

(c) the transfer was in breach of the fiduciary’s duties;

(d) the defendant received the property or its traceable proceeds;

(e) the receipt was for the defendant’s benefit;

(f) the defendant received the property with knowledge that it was trust
property and that it had been transferred in breach of trust.

In this case, items (a) to (e) are clearly satisfied; the only issue is item
(f). Did Veltmeijer know in relation to the sum of US$250,346.98 that the
defendant was receiving trust property and that it had been transferred in
breach of trust?

99 To answer that question, it is necessary to go back to the time of the
Assignment. Whatever may have been the motives of Snauwaert in revealing the
bank balances of the various LDCs by the 13 June letter, there is no doubt in
my mind that Veltmeijer was persuaded by the healthy balances of the LDCs to
accept the Assignment on the following day, as a viable alternative for the
defendant to recover the loan. Consequently, he knew or must have known that
Snauwaert’s act of assigning the debt of the plaintiff was instrumental in the
defendant’s obtaining US$546,152, at a time when Veltmeijer had been told
personally that LDS could not repay the loan due to the plaintiff’s default on
the loan. Moneys to repay the loan had to come from other sources of the
plaintiff, which sources were revealed to Veltmeijer in the 13 June letter. It
is not an insignificant fact that Veltmeijer and Snauwaert even agreed that
the defendant would not garnish _all_ the moneys in the KBC account but would
leave US$5,000 for the plaintiff’s operating expenses. The action to recover
the loan by way of the Assignment was pre-planned. Accordingly, I answer the
question posed in [98] above in the affirmative.

100 I find that the plaintiff has succeeded on its claim in relation to the
third sum garnished of US$250,346.98. Consequently, there shall be judgment
for the plaintiff against the defendant for US$250,346.98 with interest at 8%
from 18 December 2001 (date of receipt of the sum by AGPV) and costs.

  

* * *

[1]See PB15

[2]In para 7 of the Statement of Claim

[3]See PB15-22

[4]Para 5.6.3

[5]See 1AB 114

[6]See 2AB586-593

[7]In para 33A of the Statement of Claim

[8]In para 5A of the Statement of Claim

[9]In para 16A of the Defence

[10]Para 16

[11]Para 17

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

