Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Choa Joo Liang  
[2004] SGHC 271

Case Number | : | CC 21/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 December 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ravneet Kaur and Wayne Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Kelvin Lim (Kelvin Lim and Partners) and Loo Khee Sheng (K S Loo and Co) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Choa Joo Liang   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Trafficking in
controlled drugs – Sections 5(1)(a) and 5(2) Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Drugs seized – Investigating officer did not check if drugs sent
for analysis were returned in the same form to be tendered in evidence –
Whether defect rendered evidence irregular  
  
Evidence – Documentary evidence – Photographs – Photographs of seized drugs
showed contents to be of a colour uncharacteristic of heroin – Whether defect
rendered evidence irregular  
  

3 December 2004

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused person, Choa Joo Liang, faced three charges when he came before
me.

2 The Prosecution proceeded with one charge that he:

on or about the 20th day of October 2003, at about 3.35 pm, at Block 537 Bukit
Panjang Ring Road #19-831, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug
specified in Class “A” of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act,
Chapter 185, to wit, by having in [his] possession for the purpose of
trafficking, 102 packets of granular substances containing 103.15 grams of
diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said Act or the regulations
made thereunder and [he has] thereby committed an offence under section
5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 and
punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

and the two other charges were stood down.

3 When the charge was read to the accused, he pleaded guilty to it. His
counsel confirmed that he had advised the accused on the plea and the
consequences before the accused enter his plea.

4 As he was facing a capital charge, I did not accept the accused’s plea, and
directed the Prosecution to proceed to prove its case in the usual way.
Pursuant to the direction, the Prosecution called its witnesses and tendered
exhibits. The main difference from the usual trial was that there was no
cross-examination of the prosecution witnesses and no submissions by defence
counsel.

5 The facts presented were straightforward. A group of Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) officers went to apartment #19-831, Block 537 Bukit Panjang
Ring Road (“the apartment”) on 20 October 2003 and were let into the apartment
by a girl.

6 The accused cohabitated with his girlfriend in the apartment. It belonged to
the girlfriend and they stayed there with her two daughters and two nieces. He
and his girlfriend occupied the master bedroom of the apartment. The person
who let the officers into the apartment was her younger daughter.

7 After gaining entry, the officers went to the master bedroom and found the
accused squatting inside the attached toilet. There were some packets on the
toilet floor. When the accused was asked what was inside the packets, he
replied that it was “ _peh hoon_ ”. Seven packets of granular substance
believed to be heroin were recovered from the toilet floor. From the toilet
cabinet, the officers recovered another two sachets of similar granular
substance.

8 The officers asked the accused whether there were more drugs, and were told
that there were, in a bedside table drawer and a cardboard carton in the
bedroom. From the former, seven envelopes each containing ten sachets and two
loose sachets of a similar granular substance were recovered. From the
cardboard carton, four envelopes containing a total of 21 sachets of granular
substance were recovered.

9 From beneath the bed in the master bedroom, drug trafficking paraphernalia
comprising an electronic sealer, a digital weighing scale, a plastic spoon and
some empty sachets were found.

10 All the packets and sachets of granular substances recovered were sent for
analysis by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”). The granular substances
were found to contain diamorphine which form the subject matter of the charge.

11 In the course of investigations, statements were taken from the accused.
Initially, he made a non-committal cautioned statement that he had nothing to
say to the charge.

12 In subsequent investigation statements, he confirmed that he admitted to
the officers at the time of the raid on the apartment that the packets in the
toilet contained heroin and they belonged to him, and that he told them that
there were more drugs in the cardboard carton and the bedside table drawer.

13 He disclosed in the statements that he obtained the heroin from a Malaysian
Chinese he knew as “Ah Hoe” from whom he had made previous purchases. He would
take the heroin to the apartment, grind them down, pack them into sachets,
weigh and then seal them. He would consume about one sachet a day, and he
would sell the sachets for $200 each.

14 The evidence on the recovery and analysis of the drugs, and the
admissibility of the investigation statements, were not disputed by the
accused.

15 At the close of the prosecution case, I gave the accused the opportunity to
enter his defence, but he elected to remain silent and did not call any
witnesses to give evidence on his behalf.

16 I reviewed the evidence and found clear and credible evidence that the
accused had admitted that the large quantity of drugs recovered from the
master bedroom and the attached toilet belonged to him and that he had
intended to pack most of the drugs for sale, and to consume some of them
himself.

17 The 103.15g of diamorphine was so large that any reduction that could
reasonably be made from the amount intended for self-consumption would not
reduce the amount below the 15g level from which the mandatory capital
sentence applies for trafficking in diamorphine.

18 Consequently, I found the accused guilty on the charge and sentenced him to
suffer death.

19 Before concluding these brief grounds of decision, I would refer to two
matters that came up in this case. One is a recurrent problem that has
occurred time and again for years, and the other is new.

20 The first is that when the investigating officer produced the seized drugs
in the trial, he referred to them by the packets and sachets they were
recovered in and submitted for analysis without checking if they were still in
that form. If he had looked at the drugs after they were analysed and returned
by the HSA, he would have known that the contents of some of the packets and
sachets were consolidated for homogenisation and analysis, and were returned
in the combined form, so that the 72 sachets sent for analysis came back in
one large packet, and two packets came back in one packet.

21 This problem keeps repeating because the investigating officers and the
prosecutors do not check the drugs before tendering them in evidence. As the
identity and integrity of the drugs are crucial in such trials, this is not
acceptable.

22 The other problem was new and bizarre. When the photographs of the packets
and sachets of granular substances were produced,[1] the contents were pale
blue – a colour not associated with heroin and different from that of the
heroin which I have seen in other cases that I have dealt with.

23 The heroin in the case was not really blue. A check with the actual
drugs[2] showed that they were of a typical yellowish colour, with no
resemblance to the colour shown in the photographs.

24 I was disturbed that this obvious colour discrepancy in the drugs shown in
the photographs would have arisen and remained undetected and unexplained till
I noticed it. The investigating officer admitted that he did not examine the
photographs tendered in evidence. Apparently, neither had the officers
involved in the preliminary inquiry and those appearing before me, or they did
it without sufficient care.

25 I directed that action be taken to establish the cause for the colour
discrepancy.

26 Two additional witnesses were produced as a result. One was the inspector
in charge of the section of the Forensic Management Branch, Criminal
Investigation Department, where the photographs were developed and printed.

27 The other officer is the person who actually developed the negatives and
printed the photographs. She explained that the first step was to place the
negatives in a digital printing machine where the negatives were developed
without enhancement or correction.

28 To print photographs for court use, she took the developed negatives to a
photograph printing machine. With this machine, which is about 11 years old,
only one negative can be viewed at a time. She made colour adjustments for the
first negative. When she was satisfied with the result, she printed that frame
and the rest of the roll with that colour setting, with further adjustments
only for density.

29 I asked her why she did not inform the investigating officer about the
exceptional blue colour of the drugs in the photographs printed. Her
explanation was that she did not see the actual drugs, and did not know what
they were. Consequently, she was not surprised at the blue granules shown in
the photographs.

30 On the basis of her explanation, and without the benefit of evidence from
other persons knowledgeable in photographic development and printing, I think
that the practice of making colour adjustments from only the first negative
when printing a roll of films may be the cause of the problem. In the series
of 34 photographs taken in this case, there were outdoor shots of the exterior
of a block of apartments, shots of the interior of an apartment, and close-up
shots of the drugs recovered. The lighting conditions and distance of the
objects in the photographs were varied. It seems to me that one single colour
adjustment cannot be applied to all the photographs. As the officer was not at
the scene and did not know the true colours of the objects photographed, it
may be preferable that she did not make any colour adjustments at all.

31 She was the first person to contribute to the problem, but she was not the
only one. After she printed the photographs, they were dealt with by officers
at different levels, _ie_ the investigating officer and the prosecuting
officers, without them realising that the colour of the drugs in the
photographs was wrong. They had the advantage of knowing that the drugs were
diamorphine, and had access to them. They should have spotted the defective
photographs and arranged for proper ones to be done. These mistakes should not
be repeated. Standards in developing, printing and handling of the photographs
by all the persons involved need to be improved.

32 In this case, the two defects were noticed and taken into account before I
convicted the accused. While they reveal shortcomings in the investigations
and the presentation of the case, they were not fatal because the actual drug
exhibits were produced in court for examination and the chain of custody of
the exhibits was not in issue.

33 On the totality of the evidence before me, I have no doubt that the accused
was guilty of the offence for which he was charge and convicted.

  

* * *

[1]P13, P14, P16, P22, P23, P24 and P30

[2]P66 to P71

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

