Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## PT Bumi International Tankers v Man B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and Another
(No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 99

Case Number | : | Suit 149/2001, RA 367/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Tay (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiff; Charles Lin (Donaldson and Burkinshaw) for defendants   
Parties | : |  PT Bumi International Tankers — Man B&W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd; Mirrlees Blackstone (S.E Asia) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Security for costs provided by
plaintiffs' solicitors by way of solicitors' undertakings – Whether
application to be released from undertakings ought to be granted  
  

14 May 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the defendants against an order by the assistant
registrar discharging two undertakings given by the plaintiffs’ solicitors to
the defendants in respect of security for costs. The plaintiffs were required
to provide security for costs pursuant to an application by the defendants on
the ground that the plaintiffs were foreign plaintiffs. The order for security
was not an issue. However, instead of providing security in the more
conventional way by payment into court or in the form of a banker’s guarantee,
the plaintiffs provided security by way of undertakings given by their
solicitors to the defendants in the terms set out in their letters of 12 March
2002 and 18 June 2002. The wording is identical in both letters. The total
amount of security in the two letters of undertaking was $250,000. The first
letter of undertaking provided as follows:

**LETTER OF UNDERTAKING FOR PROVISION OF SECURITY FOR COSTS PURSUANT TO ORDER
OF COURT DATED 19 FEBRUARY 2002 FOR DEFENDANTS IN SUIT NO 149 OF 2001Y**

Whereas pursuant to an Order of Court dated 19 February 2002 in the captioned
Suit, the Plaintiffs were ordered to provide security for the Defendants’
costs in the Suit in the sum of S$150,000.00.

We, Rajah & Tann, Solicitors for the Plaintiffs in High Court Suit No 149 of
2001Y, hereby undertake to pay to Man B & W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and
Mirlees Blackstone Ltd, the Defendants in the aforesaid Suit such sum of costs
which the said Plaintiffs may be ordered to pay to Man B & W Diesel S E Asia
Pte Ltd and Mirlees Blackstone Ltd as taxed or fixed by the High Court in the
Suit and/or such costs which may be payable pursuant to any agreement between
the parties in relation to the Suit PROVIDED ALWAYS that the total payable
hereunder shall not exceed the sum of SINGAPORE DOLLARS ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY
THOUSAND ONLY (S$150,000)

This undertaking shall be discharged and be of no further effect upon payment
of the sum above and/or if the Defendants are paid all their costs without
having to call on this undertaking, whichever is earlier.

2 The plaintiffs succeeded in their claim at trial and judgment was handed
down in their favour on 18 July 2003. The defendants filed an appeal against
that judgment, but in the meantime, on 15 October 2003, the plaintiffs applied
to the assistant registrar to be released from their undertakings in respect
of security for costs. The assistant registrar discharged the undertakings and
also disallowed the defendants’ application for a stay of execution of her
order. The defendants appealed against the assistant registrar’s orders, and
the appeal was heard in this court on 29 October 2003 and dismissed. The
defendants subsequently asked to present further arguments. They were notified
on 17 November 2003 that the court would hear further arguments.

3 The parties appeared and made further arguments on 9 January 2004. The
defendants’ counsel presented an enlarged argument based on _Hawkins Hill
Consolidated Gold Mining Company Limited v Want, Johnson, and Co_ (1893) 69 LT
297. In the course of arguments, counsel indicated that the argument would
require time and a special date was then given for the hearing. At the resumed
hearing, counsel suggested that the further arguments be heard after the
substantive appeal by the Court of Appeal had been dealt with. If that appeal
was dismissed, the registrar’s appeal before me would become irrelevant. In
the event, the Court of Appeal allowed the defendants’ appeal. The registrar’s
appeal thus remained relevant and counsel were directed to present written
submissions (in respect of the further arguments that had been adjourned). The
submissions were filed on 20 April 2004. On 21 April 2004, the registrar’s
appeal was allowed and the assistant registrar’s orders were set aside.
_Hawkins_ ’ case, in so far as it is relevant here, lies in its emphasis that
undertakings are serious assertions and would be strictly enforced. In that
case, the liquidators who gave an undertaking as to the defendants’ costs were
held to be bound even though the undertaking specified neither an amount, nor
that it was to be discharged after trial. In that case, the defendants, who
lost at first instance, succeeded on appeal.

4 Mr Philip Tay, counsel for the plaintiffs, argued that the plaintiffs were
entitled to be released of all their obligations as to security for costs
unless there was an order of court that specifically prevented them from being
so released. There was no such prohibition at the time when the plaintiffs’
solicitors applied to be discharged from their undertakings. Hence, his main
argument was that the order by the assistant registrar was a matter of
discretion and that there were no good grounds to disturb the exercise of that
discretion. That was the approach this court had taken when the appeal was
initially dismissed.

5 However, upon considering the matter further pursuant to the further
arguments by both sides, this court was persuaded that a solicitor’s
undertaking to a party in the present circumstances must be governed by the
terms set out in the undertaking itself. In the present case, the solicitors’
letter provided that the undertaking “ _shall be discharged and be of no
further effect upon payment of the sum above and/or if the defendants are paid
all their costs without having to call on this undertaking_ ”. These are clear
words. The solicitors are bound until the amount stated in the letter of
undertaking is paid, or if the defendants were paid their costs without having
to call on the undertaking. The court would not intervene in an undertaking
given in such circumstances. Hence, even if there was no express prohibition
against the plaintiffs applying to the court for an order discharging their
solicitors from their undertakings, the court should not interfere and allow
such an application because it runs against a clear and express undertaking
freely given. The sample letters of undertaking provided to the court by Mr
Tay had entirely different wordings. It is manifestly prudent for a party,
when requesting a guarantee for costs, to ensure that it covers the trial and
any subsequent appeal. But the words of the present undertakings operated in a
different context in that they provided that the specific sums are guaranteed
until all costs are paid. That is sufficient to hold that the party who gave
those undertakings should adhere to them. Mr Tay relied on the case of _The
Bernisse and the Elve_ [1920] P 1 in which the English Court of Appeal
rejected an unsuccessful defendants’ application for security for costs to
remain in retention in court, pending the defendants’ appeal. In that case,
the defendants had also obtained an order for a stay of execution pending
appeal. The Court of Appeal held that the money paid into court as security
for costs of the trial should be returned to the plaintiffs. Lord Sterndale P
held that the effect of ordering that money to remain in court would be to
give the defendants either security for the costs of their appeal, or security
for the satisfaction of the judgment which may be given on appeal. Holding
that the defendants were entitled to neither, the court ordered that the money
be paid out. There was no mention as to the terms and circumstances in which
security for costs was provided in that case. Hence, it is of no assistance in
cases where the payment for security was made specifically to cover the trial
as well as any appeal arising from it. Equally, it would have little relevance
to a situation such as the present where the parties were bound by the terms
of an undertaking for security.

6 Mr Tay relied on the case of _Eagleview Ltd v Worthgate Ltd_ [1998] EWCA Civ
1232; [1998] EGCS 119 for the proposition that an order by the court in
respect of payment out of security for costs is an exercise of judicial
discretion and that it ought not to be disturbed. Payments into court pursuant
to an order of court may also be paid out by a further order of court. That
would be the _Eagleview_ situation. But where a party has given an undertaking
to another, the court may only relieve a party from his undertaking in
exceptional circumstances. Where none is evident, the undertaking must be
observed as nearly as possible to the terms upon which it was made.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

