Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Sundarti Supriyanto (No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 244

Case Number | : | CC 19/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh, Eugene Lee and Aaron Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Muhamed Muzammil bin Mohd (Muzammil Nizam and Partners) and Johan Ismail (Johan Ismail and Co) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Sundarti Supriyanto   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Outstanding offences – Five stood
down charges taken into consideration in sentencing – Accused admitted to
charges and consented to take them into consideration in sentencing – Entry on
record made pursuant to Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) s
178(2).  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Forms of punishment –
Principles – Accused convicted on charge of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder – Prescribed custodial sentence is either life imprisonment or
imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten years – Whether accused to be
sentenced to life imprisonment or prison term of ten years – Nature of offence
taken into consideration in sentencing accused – Section 304(a) Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).  
  

29 October 2004

MPH Rubin J:

1 On 24 September 2004, I convicted Sundarti Supriyanto, the accused in this
case, on a reduced charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder,
punishable under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”)
([2004] SGHC 212). After hearing submissions from the Prosecution and the
Defence, I sentenced the accused to life imprisonment. I now give my reasons.

2 After the court had found the accused guilty and convicted her, the
Prosecution applied for five charges (one amended since), which were stood
down at the beginning of the trial, to be taken into consideration in
sentencing the accused, if she consented as much. The charges averred that the
accused committed the offences of:

(a) culpable homicide not amounting to murder by causing Crystal’s death,
punishable under s 304(a) PC;

(b) mischief by fire with the intent to cause the destruction of a building
which is used as a place for the custody of property by pouring petrol and
setting the said premises on fire, punishable under s 436 PC;

(c) theft of several items in the possession of the deceased, punishable under
s 380 PC;

(d) theft of several items in the possession of one Steven Yeo Hwee Lee,
punishable under s 380 PC; and

(e) attempted theft of money in the possession of the Development Bank of
Singapore Limited by attempting to make unauthorised withdrawals from a Post
Office Saving Bank Automated Teller Machine (“ATM”) with a stolen ATM card
belonging to one Tay Mui Cheng, punishable under s 379 PC.

I informed the accused that her agreement to take the charges into
consideration would have a bearing on her sentence. The charges were then read
to the accused in the Indonesian language. She admitted to them and consented
to take them into consideration in sentencing. The Prosecution informed me
that the accused did not have any antecedents. I then proceeded to hear the
accused’s mitigation plea.

**Mitigation**

3 Counsel for the accused submitted that the accused continued to work in
Singapore as a domestic maid because, after the demise of her father, she had
to take on the responsibility of being the breadwinner of her family. It was
submitted that she carried out her work to the best of her abilities, but her
best was not good enough for the deceased. This was attributed to the vast
differences in culture and lifestyle in her village as compared to Singapore,
thereby resulting in her having difficulties in carrying out instructions
promptly and efficiently. Counsel for the accused also informed the court that
the accused had a message written in Bahasa Indonesia to convey to the family
of the deceased, requesting that it be read out in court. I allowed the
request, and the message was read in English by her counsel as follows:

I wish to express my deepest apology to the family of [the deceased’s husband]
for the events which took place in that fateful night, which had brought
tragedy and grief to him and his family …

4 Counsel implored the court for a lighter sentence, urging the court to
exercise compassion. In this regard, counsel submitted that the accused was
not a cold-blooded killer, and due regard should be given to the fact that the
accused had saved the baby from the fire. Following this, I called on the
Prosecution to submit on the sentence.

**The Prosecution’s submission on sentence**

5 The Prosecution submitted that the prescribed punishment under s 304(a) PC
is imprisonment for life, or imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten
years, and the offender shall also be liable to be fined or caned. In respect
of case precedents, the Prosecution submitted that there is no fixed benchmark
sentence for cases of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(a)
PC. In this respect, the Prosecution relied on the case of _PP v Tan Kei Loon
Allan_ [1999] 2 SLR 288, where it was observed at [33]:

We were of the view that it is not desirable, unlike simple rape, to set a
benchmark for culpable homicide. The range of circumstances in which such
offences are committed is extremely varied …

6 The Prosecution further submitted that in _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR
345, the appellant had succeeded in his defence of grave and sudden
provocation and was convicted on a charge under s 304(a) PC. At trial, he was
sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment, but on appeal, the sentence was enhanced
to life imprisonment. The Prosecution also relied on a slew of cases where the
courts have meted out sentences of life imprisonment in cases of culpable
homicide under s 304(a) PC, including _PP v Ng Kwok Soon_ [2002] 3 SLR 199,
_PP v Muhamad Hasik bin Sahar_ [2002] 3 SLR 149 and _PP v Saminathan s/o
Subramaniam_ [2002] SGHC 259. The Prosecution then urged the court to consider
the nature of the accused’s attack on the deceased, and submitted that the
sentence of life imprisonment was warranted in this case.

**The decision on sentence**

7 I took into consideration the accused’s mitigation plea and the address by
the Prosecution in arriving at my decision on the sentence to be imposed on
the accused. Before I handed down the sentence, I informed the accused that
she had narrowly managed to escape the executioner’s noose by a very slender
margin – the margin that separates the offence of murder from culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. It was indeed a close call and the result
might well have been much worse for the accused in some other jurisdictions.

8 Under s 304(a) PC, the prescribed sentence for the offence for which the
accused was convicted is either life imprisonment or a prison term which may
extend to ten years. There is no middle band. In my view, the nature of the
offence for which the accused was convicted – let alone the charges taken into
consideration – called for a higher tariff, and certainly a sentence of ten
years would be manifestly inadequate. In this respect, I took into account the
nature of the injuries inflicted on the deceased by the accused and the manner
in which she had tried to mask the offence with a view to escaping the process
of law and justice. I considered all that was said on behalf of the accused,
including one significant aspect that she had somehow ensured the safety of
the deceased’s infant son from the raging fire, which was of course started by
the accused.

9 However, having regard to the fact that there is no middle range of sentence
between ten years and life imprisonment, I sentenced the accused to a term of
life imprisonment. The sentence was backdated to the date of the accused’s
arrest, _ie_ 10 June 2002. I also informed the accused that she may, at the
appropriate time, apply to the President through her counsel for any
commutation of the sentence. Pursuant to s 178(2) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), an entry was made on the record that the accused
shall not, unless the conviction which had been recorded against her on 24
September 2004 is set aside, be liable to be charged or tried in respect of
the offences so taken into consideration.

10 It was further ordered that all non-documentary exhibits be released to the
police for disposal after completion of the judicial process.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

