Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo (alias Chang Whe Ming); ex parte The Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd and Other Appeals  
[2004] SGHC 281

Case Number | : | B 115/2004, 116/2004, 117/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 December 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Rodney Keong (Rodyk and Davidson) for the appellants/debtors; Andrew Chan and Desmond Ho (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent/petitioning creditor   
Parties | : | —  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Service of statutory demand
and bankruptcy petition on debtors – When s 11 Bankruptcy Act may be invoked
to supplement Bankruptcy Rules – Relationship between Bankruptcy Rules and
Rules of Court – Section 11 Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), O 1 r 2(4),
O 62 r 3(2) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Service of statutory demand
and bankruptcy petition on debtors – Whether Bankruptcy Rules stipulating how
personal service could be effected – Whether method of service exclusively
prescribed by Bankruptcy Act and Bankruptcy Rules – Whether consensual
arrangements for service of process between parties valid – Section 11
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), rr 96, 109(1), 110 Bankruptcy Rules (Cap
20, R 1, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – Guarantee executed by parties containing consensual
arrangement for service of process in "proceedings" – Whether steps in
bankruptcy regarded as "proceedings" under guarantee – Construction of phrase
"any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this
agreement"  
  

30 December 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 The petitioner is an international financial institution. The three judgment
debtors (“the debtors”), all whom are foreign nationals, are former directors
of Andover Pte Ltd (“the borrower”) to whom the petitioner extended
substantial banking facilities. As part of the security arrangements for the
facilities, the debtors signed a “Personal Guarantee and Undertaking” dated 2
August 1996 (“the Guarantee”). When the borrower defaulted on repayment of its
loan obligations to, _inter alia_ , the petitioner, the latter commenced
proceedings against the debtors to recover the outstanding amounts. Judgments
were subsequently entered by the petitioner against the debtors. As the terms
of the judgments were not complied with the petitioner thereafter initiated
the present bankruptcy proceedings. The petitioner asserts that as at 9
January 2004, _ie_ , the date of the filing of these bankruptcy petitions,
each of the debtors was severally indebted to it in the aggregate sums of
US$58,064,279.35 and US$27,820.08 exclusive of accruing interest.

2 Before filing these bankruptcy petitions, several attempts were made by the
petitioner to effect personal service of each of the requisite statutory
demands on the debtors at various addresses within the jurisdiction. According
to the affidavit of service filed by the petitioner’s process server, three
different modes of service were employed to serve the statutory demand: the
process server left a copy of the demand at the address of the debtors’
nominated forwarding agent in Singapore; the petitioner also issued an
advertisement of the notice of the statutory demand in _The Straits Times_ ,
an English newspaper circulating in Singapore; and, finally, copies of the
statutory demands were left at the last known residential addresses, _ie_ , at
331 River Valley Road, #13-02, and 61 Meyer Road, #15-04. The bankruptcy
petitions themselves were, however, only served on the debtors’ nominated
forwarding agent. In these proceedings, the petitioner relies principally on a
contractual stipulation in the Guarantee to assert that proper service of the
relevant bankruptcy documents has in fact been duly effected. The debtors
vigorously dispute this.

3 An assistant registrar first heard these petitions on 2 April 2004. When the
petitions were heard, the debtors’ counsel launched a root and branch attack
on the bankruptcy proceedings; he contended, _inter alia_ , that there was no
jurisdictional basis to grant the petitions and that the statutory demands
upon which these petitions are predicated had not been effectively served.
These contentions were rejected and the petitions for bankruptcy were
summarily granted on 10 September 2004: see [2004] SGHC 87. When I heard the
appeals against the learned Assistant Registrar’s decision, I dismissed them
albeit on altogether different grounds from those relied upon by the learned
Assistant Registrar. The debtors now appeal against my decision.

4 When the appeals came up for hearing before me, the debtors’ counsel
conceded that the court did indeed have jurisdiction to hear and grant the
relevant petitions. Notwithstanding, counsel resolutely maintained the
debtors’ position that on the existing factual matrix, no proper service of
process had been effected. First of all, he argued that parties could not
contractually obviate the provisions of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1,
2002 Rev Ed) (“BR”) that mandated personal service of the statutory notice of
demand as well as the bankruptcy petition. Secondly, he contended that the
actual contractual stipulations did not in any event envisage or sanction the
service of bankruptcy-related documents on the nominated forwarding agent. The
first contention, given that it raises an issue of some importance to both
legal practitioners and the financial community, entails a detailed and proper
consideration of the relevant provisions of the BR as well as an evaluation of
any underpinning policy considerations.

5 Prior to addressing the main issues in the present proceedings, I should,
however, refer to one of the grounds relied on by the learned assistant
registrar. She had held that though the express terms of O 1 r 2(4) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RC”) _ex facie_ precluded its
general application to bankruptcy proceedings, O 62 r 3(2) of the RC which
expressly sanctions the service of court process “in such other manner as may
be agreed” between the parties, could nevertheless be relied upon by the
petitioner ([3] _supra_ , at [5]):

I disagree … that O 62 r 3 is irrelevant to bankruptcy proceedings. Section 11
of the Bankruptcy Act reads “[i]n any matter of practice or procedure for
which no specific provision has been made in the Act or the Bankruptcy Rules,
the practice or procedure of the Supreme Court shall be followed and adopted
as nearly as may be”. _The Rules are silent as to how personal service may be
effected and whether this includes service in a manner as may be agreed
between the parties. Therefore, by s 11 of the Bankruptcy Act (“the Act”), the
practice of the Supreme Court in this regard that is embodied in O 62 r 3 of
the Rules of Court should be followed_. In any case, O 1 r 2(4) is qualified
by O 1 r 2(5) of the Rules of Court which provides that O 1 r 2(4) shall not
be taken as affecting any provision by which the Rules of Court are applied.
Applying O 1 r 2(5) to the instant case, O 1 r 2(4) does not affect s 11 of
the Act pursuant to which O 62 r 3 of the Rules of Court may be applied to
bankruptcy proceedings. [emphasis added]

In my view, the learned assistant registrar fell into error by importing
wholesale the provisions of the RC into this aspect of bankruptcy procedure.
Contrary to what she has suggested, specific provision has indeed been made in
the BR to address the issue of service of the various bankruptcy processes: rr
96 and 109 of the BR expressly and specifically deal with the issue of service
of statutory demands and bankruptcy petitions. Indeed, r 109(1) of the BR
encapsulates not just the concept of personal service but states precisely
_how_ such personal service is to be _effected_ :

Subject to rule 110, a creditor’s petition shall be served personally on the
debtor by an officer of the court, or by the petitioning creditor or his
solicitor, or by a person in their employment, and service shall be _effected_
by delivering a sealed copy of the petition to the debtor. [emphasis added]

With all due respect, the learned assistant registrar is incorrect in
asserting that the BR “is silent as to how personal service may be _effected_
”.

6 Section 11(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“BA”) should only
be resorted to in instances where lacunae in procedural issues exist, _ie_ ,
where _no specific provision_ has been made. This is decidedly not such an
instance, in light of the express and fairly comprehensive regime addressing
the modalities for service enacted in the BR. The express reference to “any
matter of practice or procedure for which _no specific provision_ has been
made by this Act or the rules” in s 11(1) of the BA is not to be interpreted
as a statutory charter to whimsically fill in any perceived gaps or supposed
interstices existing in the BR; rather it should be construed as a safety net
to address issues of general procedure/and or schematic issues. There is a
patent and critical difference between “ _no specific provision_ ” which
really means the absence of _any_ relevant provision(s), as opposed to any
perception of _incomplete_ or _inadequate_ provisions dealing with a
particular aspect of procedure. The BR, while specifically stating that
personal service of process is to be employed in serving bankruptcy petitions,
has, in addition, stipulated in no uncertain terms how such service is to be
_effected_. If the learned assistant registrar’s approach were correct, then
virtually the entire RC could be invoked to _supplement_ the provisions of the
BR. Such a startling proposition would be tantamount to driving a coach and
fours right through the BR by superimposing the RC on it.

7 Having dealt with the main thrust of the learned Assistant Registrar’s
decision, it now remains for me to explain my conclusion on why contractual
service of the relevant bankruptcy documents is permissible in the present
bankruptcy proceedings. In my view, the crux of the issue is not whether the
RC applies or not but whether parties could properly contract out of, waive or
modify the relevant provisions of the BR dealing with service of process. In
dealing with the issues at hand it will be helpful to first consider the
actual contractual stipulations.

**The contractual stipulations**

8 Sub-clause 14(F)(1) of the Guarantee states:

The Borrower and each of the Personal Guarantors _irrevocably appoint_
_Forward Investment Pte Ltd_ (now of 3rd Storey, Crown Prince Hotel, 270
Orchard Road, Singapore 238857) _to receive, for_ the Borrower or, as the case
may be, [_the_] _Personal Guarantor_ and on its or his behalf, _service of
process in any Proceedings_ in Singapore. Such service shall be deemed
completed on delivery to the process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to
and received by the Borrower or the relevant Personal Guarantor). [emphasis
added]

9 The issue of whether or not bankruptcy petitions constitute “proceedings”
for the purposes of sub-cl 14(F)(1) in turn depends on the scope of that term.
Sub-clause 14(B) of the Guarantee reads:

For the benefit of the Secured Parties, the parties irrevocably agree that in
relation to any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with this
Agreement, such dispute shall at the sole discretion of the Secured Parties be
referred to and resolved (1) by the courts of Singapore or (2) by arbitration
at the Singapore International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the rules
of UNCITRAL _and_ that, _accordingly_ , _any_ legal action or proceedings
_arising out of or in connection with this_ _agreement_ (“ _Proceedings_ ”)
may be brought in those courts or arbitration tribunals. [emphasis added]

**The Bankruptcy Rules and personal service – the policy point**

10 The requirements for service of the statutory demand are circumscribed by
pragmatism and not by an overtly rigid and technical approach. The emphasis is
clearly on the _reasonableness_ of the steps being taken to bring to the
debtor’s attention the existence of the relevant statutory demand. Rule 96 of
the BR stipulates:

(1) The creditor shall take _all reasonable steps_ to bring the statutory
demand _to the debtor’s attention_.

(2) The creditor shall make _reasonable attempts_ to effect personal service
of the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by _such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor_. [emphasis added]

11 Rule 108 expressly requires proof of service of the statutory demand to be
filed in support of the bankruptcy petition. It states:

(1) Where a creditor’s petition is based on non-compliance with a statutory
demand, an affidavit proving service of the statutory demand shall be filed in
support of the petition.

(2) The affidavit shall state the mode, date and time of the service and shall
exhibit a copy of the statutory demand and any acknowledgment of service.

(3) Where the statutory demand has been served other than by personal service,
the affidavit shall —

(a) give particulars of the steps taken to effect _personal service_ and the
reasons for which they have been ineffective;

(b) state the means whereby (attempts at personal service having been
unsuccessful) it was sought to bring the demand to the debtor’s attention and
explain why such means would have best ensured that the demand would be
brought to the debtor’s attention;

(c) exhibit evidence of such alternative mode or modes of service; and

(d) specify a date by which to the best of the knowledge, information and
belief of the person making the affidavit, the demand would have come to the
debtor’s attention.

(4) The steps of which particulars are given for the purposes of paragraph (3)
(a) _must be such as would have sufficed to justify an order for substituted
service of a bankruptcy petition being made by the court._ [emphasis added]

The legislative scheme _vide_ r 9(3) and r 108(3) of the BR accepts that
alternative modes of service other than personal service are permissible as
far as the statutory demand is concerned.

12 Rule 109(1) of the BR, which deals with the service of the bankruptcy
petition, provides:

Subject to rule 110, a creditor's petition _shall_ _be served personally_ on
the debtor by an officer of the court, or by the petitioning creditor or his
solicitor, or by a person in their employment, and service _shall be effected
by delivering_ a sealed copy of the petition to the debtor. [emphasis added]

13 Rule 110 of the BR addresses the issue of substituted service of a
bankruptcy petition. It states:

(1) If the court is satisfied by affidavit or other evidence on oath that
prompt personal service cannot be effected because the debtor is keeping out
of the way to avoid service of a creditor’s petition, or for any other cause,
_the court may order substituted service to be effected in such manner as it
thinks fit_.

(2) If the debtor is not in Singapore, the court may order service to be made
within such time and in such manner and form as it thinks fit.

(3) Where an order for substituted service has been carried out, the petition
shall be deemed to have been duly served on the debtor. [emphasis added]

14 Interestingly, counsel’s research did not unearth any cases in Singapore or
England dealing with this point, that is to say, the extent of the parties’
autonomy to provide for contractual service of bankruptcy-related documents
outside the statutorily-prescribed procedures. Admittedly, a conservative
school of thought prevails among some academics as reflected in the older
treatises advocating that bankruptcy proceedings are _sui generis_ and that
the draconian effects accompanying a change of status merits nothing less than
the actual personal service of all bankruptcy processes; failing that, only
court-sanctioned substituted service would suffice. The foundation for such an
approach is arguably to be found in the _dicta_ of Bowen LJ in _Re Howes, ex
parte Hughes_ [1892] 2 QB 628 at 632:

I do not regard this as a merely technical matter, for bankruptcy proceedings
are of a peculiar character. _They involve quasi-penal consequences to the
debtor, and it is essential that all those forms, the objects of which is to
prevent injustice, should be strictly followed_. [emphasis added]

15 In this context it is pertinent to note that earlier versions of the
English rules of civil _and_ bankruptcy practice also took a strict and
uncompromising view of personal service of process. Non-compliance of
prescribed procedures would almost invariably be treated as vitiating
proceedings. Not surprisingly, the English courts adopted a symmetrical
approach in applying the then strict rules of personal service in civil
matters to bankruptcy matters. In _Re A Debtor_ [1939] 1 Ch 251 at 256–257,
Greene MR observed:

It is no exaggeration to say that the practice in regard to writs and the
requirements of the law in regard to service of writs are, and have always
been, regarded as matters strictissimi juris. _In the case of the service of a
bankruptcy petition, I can see nothing in the section and Rules which can
fairly be construed as relaxing the strict requirements which are to be found
in the case of the service of writs and other documents under the Rules of the
Supreme Court._ [emphasis added]

The rules of personal service of process in civil proceedings have now been
relaxed to allow for and recognise contractual arrangements for service of
process. As a matter of principle, it is appropriate to reassess why the old
rigid, doctrinaire approach for service of process in bankruptcy matters
advocated by older case law should continue to hold sway and be unthinkingly
applied by the court today.

16 The legitimacy of providing for contractual service of process outside the
statutory scheme has previously been appraised in Singapore in the context of
the winding-up regime for insolvent companies. In _Re Griffin Securities
Corporation_ [1999] 3 SLR 346, the service of a winding-up petition on the
company’s solicitors in lieu of the company’s registered office was the
subject of a spirited challenge. Rule 25(1) of the Companies (Winding-Up)
Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed) (“CWUR”) stipulates:

Every petition _shall_ , unless presented by the company, be served upon the
company at the registered office of the company, and if there is no registered
office, then at the principal or last known principal place of business of the
company, if any can be found, by leaving a copy with any member, officer or
employee of the company there, or in case no such member, officer, or employee
can be found there, then by leaving a copy at such registered office or
principal place of business, or by serving it on such member or members of the
company as the Court may direct; and where the company is being wound up
voluntarily, the petition shall also be served upon the liquidator (if any)
appointed for the purpose of winding up the affairs of the company. The
affidavit of service of the petition may be in the Form 5 or 6 set out in the
First Schedule. [emphasis added]

17 Rajendran J was not impressed by the contention that the CWUR provides an
exhaustive and mandatory code for service of process on insolvent companies.
He pointedly and correctly observed at [19]:

The Rules of Court, such as r 25 of the Companies (Winding-up) Rules, relating
to service of documents, are for the protection of the party being served with
the document. _The rules do not preclude a party, if it so wishes, from
accepting service by some other mode_. [emphasis added]

18 In a similar vein, Knox J had earlier observed in the English case of _Re
Fletcher Hunt (Bristol) Ltd_ [1989] BCLC 108 at 113:

The Companies (Winding-Up) Rules 1949, Sl 1949/330, in terms require service
at the registered office, but it is very well settled that, if solicitors are
properly instructed, they can accept service on behalf of the company. _That
is a salutary state of affairs which saves costs_ , and that, it seems to me,
was what occurred in this case. [emphasis added]

19 It should also be noted that the word “shall” is not invariably used in a
mandatory sense in the bankruptcy regime. As in the case of the RC it is often
used as a convenient and abbreviated reference indicating a _directory_ rather
than _mandatory_ tilt in the legislative scheme. Perhaps the best evidence of
pragmatism in approaching the BR (and its English progenitor) is to be found
in the observations of Lord Esher MR in _Re Lord Thurlow, ex parte Official
Receiver_ [1895] 1 KB 724 at 728–729:

_It appears to me that the Court of Bankruptcy is a Court to whose procedure
the rule, that, as far as possible, mere technicalities should be brushed away
in favour of what is fair and just, is especially applicable_. In so far as
the power of the Court is limited by Act of Parliament, the Court must of
course obey the Act, but the Bankruptcy Acts ought in my opinion to be
construed as far as possible so as to give the largest discretion to the Court
of Bankruptcy. The administration of bankruptcy matters from beginning to end
takes place under the supervision and absolute control of the Court of
Bankruptcy, except so far as its powers are limited by Act of Parliament. …
_The word “shall” is not always absolutely obligatory. It may be directory. It
may no doubt be absolutely obligatory, but one would not be inclined to
construe it to be so in the case of the Court of Bankruptcy, if one could
avoid it_. [emphasis added]

20 The bankruptcy rules on service of process are mandatory in the sense that
there must be actual or deemed service of the various processes but only
directory in the sense that the indicated method of service has not been
exclusively prescribed. There is nothing in the BR or BA pointing to the
existence of a legislative scheme for an exclusive code of procedure for
personal service. More importantly, there is nothing in the BR that precludes
or militates against consensual arrangements for service of processes. In my
view, the freedom to contract should not be fettered unless there is a clear
contrary indication from the language used or from the purport of the relevant
legislative provisions and/or underpinning public interest considerations. The
objectives of insolvency legislation will continue to be well served by
sanctioning agreements between competent contracting parties on personal
issues such as the modalities of service and notice. The principal purposes of
such legislation are to prevent fragmentation of assets and to sterilise
certain legal rights of an insolvent debtor and these objectives are clearly
not contravened or impeded by consensual arrangements on such issues.

21 The essence of the service requirements under the BR is to ensure that the
statutory demand, bankruptcy petition and other relevant processes are brought
to the _personal_ attention of the debtor prior to the hearing of the
petition. A bankruptcy order results in the transformation of the legal status
of the debtor and ought not to be made unless the court is satisfied that the
debtor had actual or deemed notice of the proceedings. This is a
quintessential aspect of due process and natural justice. That said, there are
no _apparent_ underpinning or overriding policy reasons why a debtor cannot
agree to have the various bankruptcy processes effected on him in a particular
or peculiar manner that is agreeable and/or convenient to both him and the
creditor. Financial institutions frequently deal with foreign debtors and it
is sometimes wholly impractical and extremely costly for attempts to be made
for service through a foreign judicial process. However, impracticality or
difficulties _per se_ cannot be a license to obviate a mandatory statutory
scheme or policy. The crux of the matter really is whether parties can
contractually agree on alternative modalities of service.

22 While, for example, an attempt to contract out of the _pari passu_ rules
relating to the distribution of assets would prejudice other creditors or
third parties and would be patently contrary to the policy of the BA and BR,
the procedures relating to service of bankruptcy processes are an altogether
different matter, arising in a different context. Strictly speaking, they are
a personal issue _inter se_ between the creditor and the debtor. Public policy
should not and does not intrude into such arrangements. The statutory
directive and legislative predisposition for personal service is designed to
protect the debtor by ensuring actual notice of the relevant steps before the
statutorily-sanctioned change of legal status is implemented apropos an
insolvent debtor. It is clearly not an inalienable statutory right or process
but rather a protective mechanism that can be contractually modified. It
stands to reason that, as a matter of general principle, where a procedural
rule is intended to benefit a particular party, that party ought to be able to
waive or modify compliance with that particular rule.

23 It is a general principle of law that a person can renounce a right
introduced for his benefit. The maxim “ _quilibet potest renunciare juri pro
se introducto_ ” (see Broom, _A Selection of Legal Maxims_ (10th Ed, 1939) at
p 477) when translated means “anyone may, at his pleasure, renounce the
benefit of a stipulation or other right introduced entirely in his own
favour”. In applying this principle it is essential to have an identifiable
beneficiary. In this instance of procedure dealing with the service of process
the intended beneficiary is undeniably the debtor. There are no conceivable
issues of unfairness or impropriety when an independent contracting party
enters into an agreement with his eyes wide open and agrees to certain
modalities for service and the requisite procedure for deeming effective
notice of legal proceedings.

24 In any event there is nothing in the BR that either expressly or impliedly
indicates that failure to adopt and comply with the precise terms of the
statutory directives on service would be fatal, thereby ineluctably precluding
alternative modalities for service. It is also pertinent to note that r 278 of
the BR expressly stipulates, _inter alia_ , that _“Non-compliance with any of
these Rules or with any rule of practice shall not render any proceedings void
unless the court so directs…_ ” This very plainly and emphatically articulates
the legislative intent of according precedence to substance over form and/or
technicalities. The elusive historical approach of characterising procedural
provisions as either directory or mandatory is largely anachronistic today.
The preferred approach in modern times in determining the validity of an Act
is to understand the purpose of the relevant procedural rule as well as the
scope and intent of the governing statute. This approach does not entail
ignoring the usage of words such as “shall” or “must” in legislation. It
suggests that any _prima facie_ inference raised by such words may be
dislodged after taking into consideration the scope and objectives of the
legislation and the consequences arising from alternative constructions.

25 Finally, there is much to be said for the attainment and implementation of
a symmetrical approach in dealing with this procedural thicket _vis-à-vis_
both insolvent debtors and companies. After all, the objectives of and policy
considerations relating to bankruptcy and liquidation mirror each other in
many essential aspects. Both procedures signal a change in the status of the
debtor. To protect the community at large, the debtor is prevented by the
abasement of his or its contracting status from pursuing further commercial
activity. Both procedures herald the onset of a process that permits the
equitable and fair distribution of the assets of the insolvent debtor amongst
creditors. The maxim “equity is equality” is the underpinning policy
percolating through all aspects of insolvency, whether corporate or personal.
As mentioned earlier, public policy will require the court to intervene and
avoid contractual provisions that purport to exclude or modify the principle
of _pari passu_ distribution whether in bankruptcy or liquidation.

26 Given the underlying similarity between both processes and in light of the
fact that the procedure pertaining to service of winding-up proceedings may be
contractually agreed upon (see [17]–[18]), it is only logical that a similar
approach be adopted for bankruptcy proceedings. The BR does not _ex facie_
preclude this approach. On the contrary it appears to support this by
providing _inter alia_ that substituted service of the bankruptcy petition is
permissible in _such manner_ as the court thinks fit: r 110(1) of the BR. This
clearly signifies legislative sanction for “reasonable” steps to be taken in
order for notice to be deemed to be properly effected. Furthermore it should
be noted that the emphasis in r 96 of the BR as regards the statutory notice
is once again on _reasonable_ steps being taken. If the BR contemplates and
sanctions the adoption of reasonable steps in drawing the debtor’s attention
to proposed or actual bankruptcy proceedings, why should the parties not
resolve this issue themselves by prior agreement at the outset by agreeing on
what in fact constitutes _reasonable steps_?

27 This underlying philosophy of pragmatism and substantial justice permeates
through the entirety of the BA and BR and is further exemplified by s 158(1)
of the BA which states in no uncertain terms:

No proceedings in bankruptcy shall be invalidated by any formal defect or by
any irregularity, unless the court before which an objection is made to the
proceedings is of the opinion that substantial injustice has been caused by
the defect or irregularity and that the injustice cannot be remedied by any
order of that court.

This is reinforced in s 11(2) of the BA which reads:

Where in respect of any matter of practice or procedure it is not possible to
apply subsection (1), the court may make such orders and give such directions
as are likely to secure substantial justice between the parties.

28 Needless to say, the court will always be vigilant and anxious to ensure
that breaches of the BR and BA do not cause substantial injustice to a debtor.
A statutory provision validating substantial compliance cannot by its very
definition render unessential an essential rule. However, arid contentions by
debtors over-emphasising and dogmatically demanding an unthinking, rigid and
punctilious adherence to the letter of every aspect of the bankruptcy process
and procedure should be examined with circumspection, if not with scepticism.
If no substantial injustice has been occasioned, then perhaps most arid
technical objections should not see the light of day. Even if a formal defect
or irregularity may have engendered some perceived injustice, careful
consideration should be given as to whether or not it can be rectified by the
court so as to redress any perceived imbalance. One must bear in mind that
bankruptcy rules, like the rules of court, are the handmaidens and not the
mistresses of our judicial system. These rules have been enacted to secure
substantial justice, not thwart it by trapping litigants in prickly procedural
labyrinths and the incurring of unnecessary legal costs. A wrong turn need not
necessarily be viewed as a fatal step. Older case law authorities such as _Re
Howes_ ([14] _supra_) that advocate or lean towards a rigid and technical
approach by insisting on the fastidious compliance with even the most banal
technicalities need to be assessed in the current enlightened pragmatic
legislative and judicial environment (in this context see also the dicta of
Chan Seng Onn JC in _The Straits Times (1975) Limited v Wong Chee Kok_ [1998]
SGHC 77 at [23]–[24]).

29 An objective interpretation of the BA and BR today needs also to take into
account the radical changes the legislation has undergone and the prevailing
consequences of bankruptcy, which are far less dire than they used to be. This
is to be contrasted with the older legislation that viewed bankruptcy as a
quasi-penal punishment. Rule 278 of the BR was intended to confer on the court
a considerable degree of flexibility in addressing procedural issues in order
to achieve substantial justice. It is not however to be construed as an
imprimatur for slipshod practices but rather as a statutory directive for
judicial pragmatism. I must also emphatically articulate that solicitors,
should they engage in slipshod practices, may find that while the proceedings
are not vitiated by procedural irregularities, unpalatable cost consequences
may well ensue for them and/or their clients.

30 To conclude this consideration of the rules of service in bankruptcy
proceedings, I refer to the endorsement by the House of Lords in _Kenneth
Allison Ltd v A E Limehouse & Co_ [1992] 2 AC 105 of Lord Donaldson’s astute
and succinct summary of the approach to be taken in relation to the rules of
court in dealing with the issue of personal service in civil proceedings (at
119–120 _per_ Lord Bridge of Harwich):

Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR summed the matter up in words with which I
entirely agree and on which I could not hope to improve when he said [1990] 2
QB 527, 533–534:

“The rules are the servants of the courts and of their customers, not their
masters, _unless expressed in a wholly mandatory and exclusive fashion which
these rules are not_. _It would be wholly contrary to the spirit of the times
that the rules should be construed in a manner which would forbid parties to
litigation to act reasonably with a view to eliminating the acerbities
inevitable in litigation, when to do so creates no problems whatsoever for the
defendant in terms of deciding precisely when service was effected for the
purposes of the Limitation Acts or otherwise_.” [emphasis added]

31 In my estimation the maxim _pacta privata juri publico derogare non
possunt_ (which means that a public right is not overridden by the agreements
of private persons) does not apply in the context of the modalities of service
of processes under the BR. In the final analysis, if parties agree on what
constitutes effective personal service, as they did in the existing factual
matrix, this can hardly be considered as objectionable in any way.

**The provisions of the Guarantee – the construction point**

32 It is not disputed that the relevant statutory notices of demand and the
bankruptcy petitions were served on the process agent in accordance with sub-
cl 14(F)(1) of the Guarantee. It is also noteworthy that in the appeals the
debtors’ counsel had not complained that the debtors did not have _de facto_
notice of the statutory demand and/or the bankruptcy petition. The debtors
through their counsel, however, vigorously and adamantly contend that the
relevant contractual provisions have no application to bankruptcy proceedings.
Those provisions, it is argued, apply only to ordinary civil proceedings or in
instances where an actual “dispute” has arisen.

33 The answer to this controversy lies in the construction to be accorded to
the word “proceedings” appearing in sub-cl 14(F)(1) of the Guarantee and the
contractual definition apparently attributed to that word in sub-cl 14(B).

34 It is immediately apparent that there are actually two clearly-demarcated
limbs in sub-cl 14(B) of the Guarantee. The first part of the definition or
“first limb” commences with the words “the parties irrevocably agree” and
concludes with the phrase “rules of UNCITRAL”. The second part or “second
limb”, which defines the term “proceedings”, begins with the words “any legal
actions or proceedings” and ends with the words “or arbitration tribunals”.
The critical portion of the second limb clarifying the definition of
“proceedings” is the phrase “any legal actions or proceedings arising out of
or in connection with this agreement”.

35 It is plain that the first limb deals expressly with the right of the
secured parties to commence proceedings in the courts of Singapore or the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) at their discretion. It is
in effect a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause inserted for the benefit of the
petitioner and other secured parties. As a consequence of this express
manifestation of intention in sub-cl 14(B) of the Guarantee, the debtors are
precluded from raising any jurisdictional issues apropos the courts of
Singapore or SIAC in relation to any dispute arising “out of or in connection
with” the Guarantee. The first limb does not purport to define the term
“proceedings”. I reiterate that the intention to employ the term “proceedings”
as a defining term is only found in the second limb. I also note that the
words “and that accordingly” have been inserted as a preface to the second
limb. This can only mean that the second limb should be viewed as arising
consequentially from the agreement reached in the first limb, _ie_ , the non-
exclusive submission to the courts of Singapore and the SIAC by, _inter alia_
, the debtors.

36 Counsel for the debtors strenuously contended that bankruptcy proceedings
were not embraced by sub-cl 14(B) of the Guarantee as there was no “dispute”
involved or arising in these bankruptcy proceedings. Judgment had already been
entered against all the debtors. It was not disputed that the debtors owed to
the petitioner the adjudicated amounts. It was further asserted that
bankruptcy proceedings are in essence executionary steps and not proceedings
revolving around a dispute in the true sense of the word. I had no hesitation
in dismissing these nebulous contentions. With respect, his contention was
akin to using the tail to wag the dog.

37 The phrase “legal action or proceedings” has a wide intent and purport both
in the Guarantee and in everyday usage. Steps in bankruptcy ought to be
regarded as proceedings for the purposes of the Guarantee. For instance, Pt VI
of the BA that outlines court procedures in bankruptcy matters is captioned “
_Proceedings_ in Bankruptcy” [emphasis added]. This part of the BA _inter
alia_ deals with bankruptcy petitions and orders. There are indeed many other
such references in both the BA and the BR. Interestingly enough, Pt VI of the
BR which includes steps pertaining to the onset of bankruptcy commencing from
the statutory demand is captioned “Proceedings in Bankruptcy”. Indeed it bears
mention that r 109 of the BR, on which the debtors rely as purportedly having
stipulated a mandatory code for personal service is also to be found in this
very part of the BR.

38 For completeness I should add that the word “action” is also to be viewed
as having an extensive meaning and scope. For example, in _Re A Debtor_ [1997]
2 WLR 57, the court held that bankruptcy proceedings to be commenced in
relation to a stale default judgment was an “action” which was time-barred.

39 Counsel for the debtors additionally contended that the words “legal action
or proceedings” should be narrowly interpreted, given that other provisions in
the Guarantee referred to the terms “enforcement”, “execution” and
“attachment” as separate and distinct terms from the term “proceedings”. As a
consequence, he tenuously argued, the term “proceedings” was only intended to
encompass civil proceedings without extending to include steps in execution
such as attachments or enforcement proceedings and hence did not embrace
bankruptcy proceedings. I do not agree with this. The tenor of the Guarantee
suggests nothing in principle or on construction that warrants whittling down
the otherwise broad intent encapsulated by the term “proceedings”. The use of
the word “ _any_ ” preceding and in juxtaposition to the words “legal action
or proceedings” illustrates an intention to cast a wide net to embrace every
conceivable variety of legal proceeding. Indeed, the nebulous basis of this
argument becomes manifest when reference is made to sub-cl 14(G) of the
Guarantee which states:

The Borrower and each of the Personal Guarantors irrevocably and generally
consent in respect of any Proceedings anywhere to the giving of any relief or
_the issue of any process in connection with those Proceedings including,
without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any assets
whatsoever_ (irrespective of their use or intended use) [or] any order or
judgment which may be made or given in those Proceedings. [emphasis added]

In addition, assuming _arguendo_ that these bankruptcy proceedings are not
considered to be proceedings _stricto sensu_ , they are in any event
incontrovertibly “legal action[s]” in connection with “Proceedings”.

40 It is overly simplistic to refer to bankruptcy proceedings purely as
_enforcement_ or _attachment_ proceedings. Bankruptcy proceedings, like
winding-up proceedings, involve the initiation of a process to alter the legal
status of an insolvent debtor. It is in effect a collective and representative
action on behalf of all creditors to ensure equal distribution of the
available assets of an insolvent debtor. In this regard, I find the
observations of Millet J (as he then was) in _Re International Tin Council_
[1987] 1 Ch 419 at 455–456 particularly instructive:

But it is not necessary to decide this, for in my judgment the winding up
process is plainly not a method of enforcing a judgment or arbitration award,
and there is nothing in the language of Brightman LJ in _In re Lines Bros Ltd_
[1983] Ch 1, which in any case is descriptive and not intended to be by way of
classification, to suggest the contrary. _Far from enabling any judgment or
award to be enforced, the making of a winding up order prevents it_. The great
object of insolvency law, whether individual or corporate, is to protect the
debtor from harassment by the creditors, and the assets from piecemeal
realisation and unequal distribution as the creditors scramble for them.
_Whether the petition is presented by a creditor or by the debtor, its purpose
is to obtain an order which will preclude the creditors from enforcing any
judgments or awards which they may have obtained, and substitute the right to
participate in a pari passu distribution out of an insufficient fund in full
satisfaction of their claims. That is not the enforcement of their judgments
or awards, but the opposite_.

In any case, whatever else it may be, the presentation of a winding up
petition is not simply a means of enforcing a judgment or award; as Fletcher
Moulton LJ said of an application for a bankruptcy notice in _In re A
Bankruptcy Notice_ [1907] 1 KB 478, 482: “[I]t is not a method of enforcing a
judgment. It is the commencement of proceedings of far wider effect.”
[emphasis added]

These observations are of similar relevance and import in the context of
bankruptcy proceedings.

41 Finally, it must also be noted that the phrase “arising out of _or_ in
connection with [the] Agreement” has a wide and generous meaning and would in
the existing context encompass matters having both a direct and indirect nexus
with the Guarantee; see _Sabah Shipyard (Pakistan) Ltd v Government of the
Islamic Republic of Pakistan_ [2004] 3 SLR 184 at [18]. The bankruptcy
proceedings commenced by the petitioner irrefutably arose “in connection with”
the undertaking given by the debtors in the Guarantee.

**Conclusion**

42 In the circumstances there are, in fact, no meritorious grounds available
to the debtors to resist these bankruptcy petitions. The debtors were plainly
attempting to frustrate the petitioner’s legitimate rights by raising a
multitude of arid, if not fatuous, contentions in a misguided and desperate
attempt to evade the consequences of failing to honour their contractual
responsibilities and undertakings.

Appeals dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

