Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Man B and W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and Another v PT Bumi International
Tankers and Another Appeal  
[2004] SGCA 22

Case Number | : | CA 75/2003, 79/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) and Charles Lin Ming Khin (Donaldson and Burkinshaw) for appellants; Philip Tay Twan Lip (Rajah and Tann) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Man B and W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd; Mirrlees Blackstone Ltd — PT Bumi International Tankers   
  
Civil Procedure – Offer to settle – Appellant made offer in settlement of
claim at trial – Respondent rejected offer – Respondent lost on appeal –
Whether appellant entitled to indemnity costs from date of offer – Order 22A r
9(3) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

19 May 2004  |   _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 On 9 March 2004 we delivered a judgment (reported at [2004] 2 SLR 300)
allowing an appeal by the appellants-defendants against a decision of the High
Court granting damages to the respondent-plaintiff in an action in tort, on
account of the fact that an engine supplied by the appellants for use on a
vessel of the respondent was defective, thus resulting in the respondent
suffering economic losses. We ruled that, in the circumstances of the case,
the respondent was not entitled to claim in tort for the economic losses
against the appellants.

2 There was also a related appeal which was filed by the respondent who was
dissatisfied with the quantum of damages awarded by the judge. In view of our
ruling on the defendants’ appeal, it followed that the respondent’s appeal had
to be dismissed. The full facts of the case were set out in our earlier
judgment and we do not propose to repeat them here.

3 Following our judgment, the appellants’ solicitors wrote to inform this
court that on the third day of the trial, 24 April 2002, the appellants made
an offer in the prescribed form to pay the respondent the sum of US$1.5m in
settlement of its claim. The offer, which was open for acceptance within 14
days, was not accepted.

4 In our judgment, we awarded costs to the appellants in respect of both the
appeal as well as the trial below. What the appellants now seek is that, in
view of the respondent’s non-acceptance of their offer, they be awarded,
pursuant to O 22A r 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed),
indemnity costs instead of just standard costs.

5 The governing provision for our present purposes is O 22A r 9(3), and it
reads:

Where an offer to settle made by a defendant —

(a) is not withdrawn and has not expired before the disposal of the claim in
respect of which the offer to settle is made; and

(b) is not accepted by the plaintiff, and the plaintiff obtains judgment not
more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle,

the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date the offer
was served and the defendant is entitled to costs on the indemnity basis from
that date, unless the Court orders otherwise.

6 The respondent made the following points to argue that the appellants should
not be granted indemnity costs:

(a) The offer was not serious and genuine, being substantially less than what
the trial judge held to be the damages which the respondent was entitled to.

(b) The offer was made very late, after the trial had commenced. The
respondent failed in the claim because this court held that the appellants did
not owe the respondent a duty of care, a point which was only raised at the
start of the trial when leave to amend the defence was obtained. This court
has a wide discretion in the matter and should consider all the circumstances
before awarding indemnity costs.

(c) The issue of law in question was a highly controversial one and the court
only came to its conclusion after much deliberation. It was a novel point.

(d) Much of the time at trial was spent on establishing the fact that the
engine supplied by the appellants was defective and the cause of it.

7 Quite clearly, the court is not obliged to award indemnity costs just
because the offer made by one party is more favourable than what the opposing
party eventually obtained from the court. This is explicitly spelt out in O
22A r 9(5) which reads:

Without prejudice to paragraphs (1), (2) and (3), where an offer to settle has
been made, and notwithstanding anything in the offer to settle, the Court
shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent any costs are to
be paid, and the Court may make such a determination upon the application of a
party or of its own motion.

and in O 22A r 12 which reads:

Without prejudice to Rules 9 and 10, the Court, in exercising its discretion
with respect to costs, may take into account any offer to settle, the date the
offer was made, the terms of the offer and the extent to which the plaintiff’s
judgment is more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle.

8 In _The Endurance 1_ [1999] 1 SLR 661, this court, recognising that O 22A
was of recent origin, took into account the approaches taken by some
Commonwealth countries, where provisions similar to our O 22A exist, _eg_ ,
Canada and Australia, and held that, generally speaking, the element of
compromise should be present in an offer to settle. It said at [43] that “the
lack of compromise would be a material consideration in determining whether
the plaintiff or the defendant should be penalised with higher costs in cases
where there are genuine issues of liability raised”. This is because the
rationale behind O 22A is to encourage the speedy termination of litigation by
agreement of the parties. The offer to settle should therefore be a serious
and genuine offer and not just to entail the payment of costs on an indemnity
basis. It should contain in it an element which would induce or facilitate
settlement: see _Singapore Airlines Ltd v Fujitsu Microelectronics (Malaysia)
Sdn Bhd (No 2)_ [2001] 1 SLR 532 (“ _SIA v Fujitsu_ ”) at [10]:

Even though the relevant [New South Wales] rules are not identical in wording
with ours, we would respectfully agree with those views. In our opinion, for
an offer to have the effect contemplated in O 22A r 9, it must contain in it
an element which would induce or facilitate settlement. When such an element
is missing, then, as held in _Data General_ [see [63] _infra_], that would be
a ground for the court to exercise its discretion to vary the norm relating to
costs laid down in r 9.

9 However, we would add one rider to this. Where there is no defence of any
substance to a liquidated claim, then compromise is not a necessary element in
an offer to settle: see _The Endurance 1_ at [43]. The reason for this was
explained by Morden ACJO in _Data General (Canada) Ltd v Molnar Systems Group
Inc_ (1991) 85 DLR (4th) 392 (“ _Data General_ ”) at 399 as follows:

The purpose of the rule is to discourage a defendant from using the judicial
process, at the increased cost to the plaintiff, to delay the granting of the
inevitable judgment and, in my view, there is no valid policy reason why a
plaintiff should have to forgo part of its claim in order to be able to avail
itself of the benefit of the rule. In such a case, I do not think there is any
unfair prejudice to the defendant in being faced with such an offer.

10 What would constitute a serious and genuine offer to settle must depend on
the circumstances and issues of the case. In _Data General_ , the plaintiff
offered to settle at 100% of the liquidated sum claimed. In view of the
complexity of the case which gave rise to uncertainty as to liability, the
Ontario Court of Appeal did not consider it appropriate to order costs against
the defendant on an indemnity basis.

11 In _Tickell v Trifleska Pty Ltd_ (1991) 25 NSWLR 353, the plaintiff made an
offer to compromise for 100% of the amount claimed. There the court held that
there was no element of compromise in the offer and refused to grant costs on
an indemnity basis.

12 At the other end of the spectrum, in _Burton v Global Benefit Plan
Consultants Inc_ (1999) 93 ACWS (3d) 223; (1999) 556 APR 86, the fifth
defendant offered to settle the plaintiffs’ claim for $1 in full settlement,
inclusive of costs. The plaintiffs, who eventually lost the action, did not
accept the offer. The court held the offer to be a nominal one as it
effectively asked the plaintiff to capitulate. Indemnity costs were refused to
the fifth defendant.

13 Another interesting comparison is _SIA v Fujitsu_ , where the issue was
whether the defendant air carrier was entitled to enjoy the limitation of
liability under the amended Warsaw Convention in respect of goods conveyed by
the carrier. The plaintiff was the owner of the goods. The defendant offered
to pay a sum based on the limitation of liability prescribed in the
Convention. The defendant succeeded in the defence of limitation. However,
this court refused to grant indemnity costs to the defendant because (at
[11]):

[T]he offer to settle … was not really an offer to settle as it did not in
substance contain any incentive to settle. The crux of the dispute related to
the difference between the actual value of the lost package and the sum laid
down in the amended Convention as being payable to the respondents for the
loss. On that real issue, there was no genuine or serious effort to seek a
compromise.

14 It would be noted that one common feature in all these four cases discussed
above is the fact that in each instance the offeror effectively expected the
other party to capitulate.

15 The offer in the present case was US$1.5m, though without mentioning costs.
The trial judge who ruled in favour of the respondent quantified its loss at
US$2,979,589. It could broadly be said that the sum offered was about half of
the actual loss, even taking costs into account. Bearing in mind that the
question of liability was complex and to an extent novel, the offer could not
be said to be anything other than serious and genuine. It was a substantial
offer with a view to seeking a speedy and amicable solution.

16 We now turn to the other arguments raised by the respondent to resist an
indemnity costs order. The first is that the offer was made rather late, after
trial had started. There is nothing in O 22A which restricts the time by which
an offer to settle may be made. In the scheme of things, such an offer could
be made at any time. Obviously, the later it is made, the less it would serve
the purpose of the scheme which is to resolve a litigation speedily and less
expensively. The trial of the action commenced on 22 April 2002. It was part-
heard. The resumed hearing was in October 2002. This was followed by
submissions of the parties. Judgment was delivered only on 18 July 2003. An
acceptance of the offer would, of course, have brought the action to an early
close and saved costs.

17 Next is the point that the question of law in issue in the action was a
highly controversial one. That is not in dispute. It will be recalled that in
_Data General_ the offer by the plaintiff to settle was at 100% of the sum
claimed but in view of the complex nature of the case, the court exercised its
discretion in not ordering indemnity costs against the defendant. In the
present case, it was not the plaintiff (the respondent) who made the offer but
the defendant (the appellants), and, more importantly, the offer was
substantial and constituted more than 50% of the sum eventually awarded by the
court below (not including costs). It is precisely in a case such as this,
where the question of law involved is of some complexity, that there should be
some give and take on both sides. Viewed in this light, the offer of the
appellants was a serious one, deserving of consideration.

18 The last point of the respondent is that much of the time at the trial was
spent in establishing the fault of the engine. This is neither here nor there.
To establish its claim, the respondent had to prove three things: (a) a duty
of care on the part of the appellants; (b) there was a breach of that duty;
and, (c) the respondent had suffered losses. The fact that the respondent
managed to establish two of the three elements does not mean that the
respondent should only bear the costs relating to the element on which it
failed. The respondent failed in the action and must bear the costs of the
action. It would be different where a defendant raised unmeritorious defences
which were rejected by the court and if the defendant should nevertheless
succeed on one of the defences the court would be entitled to refuse the
defendant costs in relation to work done on those failed defences.

19 However, there is one other matter that may stand in the way of the
appellants in their claim for indemnity costs. In [59], we have set out O 22A
r 9(3) which governs an offer to settle made by a defendant. For a defendant
to be entitled to indemnity costs from the date of the offer to settle, two
conditions must be satisfied. First, the offer must be on the table up to the
disposal of the claim. Second, the plaintiff has obtained a judgment which is
not more favourable than the terms of the offer. In our present case, the
appellants’ offer to settle was valid only for 14 days. Thus the first
condition is not satisfied. However, the appellants say that r 9(3) is not
applicable to a case like the present, where the plaintiff fails completely.
There appears to be some merit in this point as r 9(3) talks about the
plaintiff being “entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date the offer
was served”. The appellants aver that they are relying on the general
discretionary powers of the court under O 22A r 9(5) and r 12. These two rules
are quoted in [61] above.

20 The question which remains is whether the court, in the exercise of its
discretionary power, should have regard to the fact that the offer made by the
appellants was valid only for 14 days and had lapsed long before the trial
judge rendered her verdict and even longer still by the time the action was
concluded on appeal. The term “disposal of the claim” in O 22A r 9(3) must
refer to the final disposal of the claim where there is an appeal. The
corresponding provision applying to an offer to settle emanating from a
plaintiff, which is set out in O 22A r 9(1), also contained a similar
condition. Therefore, the question is whether the court should apply a
different consideration where the plaintiff fails completely. We are unable to
see any rational basis for waiving that condition just because a plaintiff
fails completely instead of partially. It seems to us that the rationale for
requiring an offer to remain on the table until judgment, before penalising
the offeree party with indemnity costs, is that that party would have been
able to accept the offer at all times but had refused to do so.

21 Accordingly, in the circumstances of the present case, we are not inclined
to accede to the appellants’ request for indemnity costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

