Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Nguyen Tuong Van  
[2004] SGHC 54

Case Number | : | CC 43/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Han Ming Kuang and Lee Cheow Han (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Joseph Theseira (Naidu Mohan and Theseira) and Tito Shane Isaac (Tito Isaac and Co) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Nguyen Tuong Van   
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Whether mandatory death
penalty under Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) violation of equal protection
accorded under Constitution – Article 12 Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed), s 7 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Constitutional Law – President – Discretionary powers – Whether President's
powers under Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) relating to death sentence
unconstitutional – Articles 22P, 93 Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed), s 220 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Cautioned
statement recorded by Central Narcotics Bureau officer – Whether admissible
under s 122(5) of Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) – Section 122 Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Defence
alleging statements recorded in breach of Vienna Convention on Consular
Relations 1963 – Whether there was breach of Convention – Whether statements
admissible nonetheless  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Statements
taken on separate occasions – Whether statements to be read separately or
together for determining if statements amount to confession  
  
International Law – Conventions – Vienna Convention on Consular Relations 1963
-Whether Singapore bound by Convention  
  
International Law – Human rights – Whether death by hanging a breach of
international law – Whether international law applicable where inconsistent
with domestic law  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Penal statutes – Whether death penalty under Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185) is maximum sentence or mandatory sentence – Section 7
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

20 March 2004 Judgment reserved.

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused, Nguyen Tuong Van, appeared before me charged that he:

[O]n the 12th day of December 2002, at or about 3.06 pm, at Changi
International Airport Terminal 2, Singapore, did import into Singapore, a
controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the First Schedule to the Misuse of
Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, 2 packets of powdery substance containing not
less than 396.2 grams of diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said
Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and [he has] thereby committed an
offence under section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 and punishable
under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

2 He is an Australian national aged 23 years. On 12 December 2002 he arrived
in Singapore from Phnom Penh. At about 7.45pm he was at Boarding Gate C22 of
the airport waiting to board a flight to Melbourne. During a routine check, a
police officer felt something bulky on his lower back. He was brought to a
search room for a thorough search, taking his haversack and business bag with
him.

3 In the search room he was asked to remove his jacket and shirt. When that
was done, a plastic packet was seen strapped to his lower back with masking
tape. At that stage he started crying and tried to hit his head against a
wall.

4 Sergeant Teh Kim Leng (“Sgt Teh”), the officer in charge of the security
screening unit, was notified. He went to the search room and saw the accused,
who appeared to be in distress, holding his head with his hands. When Sgt Teh
asked him what was on his back, the accused replied that it was heroin. With
the help of Sgt Teh the accused removed the packet from his body. When Sgt Teh
asked him if there was anything to declare in his luggage, the accused opened
the haversack, took out another packet, and handed it to him.

5 The two packets were subsequently sent for analysis. The packet from the
body was found to contain not less than 151.5g of diamorphine and the other
packet not less than 244.7g. The analysis results were not disputed.

6 The Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) was then informed of the matter. At
9.10pm CNB officers arrived at the airport and took over the case from the
airport police. At about 10.05pm Station Inspector Ng Beng Chin (“SI Ng”)
spoke to the accused and recorded a statement from him. SI Ng and the accused
appended their signatures to the statement after it was recorded and read back
to the accused. The statement read:

Question: What [is] this?

Answer: I know it [is] heroin although different colour.

Question: Number 3 or 4?

Answer: I don’t know.

Question: Who asked you to bring?

Answer: I know him by “Sun”.

Question: To bring where?

Answer: Melbourne and someone [will] take from me or maybe Sydney.

Question: Who will receive the drug at Australia?

Answer: Someone will recognised [_sic_] me and [tell] me he likes basketball.

7 The CNB officers took the accused together with the two packets and other
case exhibits back with them to the CNB Headquarters at Police Cantonment
Complex at about 12.05am on 13 December.

8 At about 1.50am, the two packets were weighed. The packet recovered from the
accused’s back weighed 381.66g and the packet from his haversack weighed
380.36g.

9 At 4.12am the investigating officer Assistant Superintendent of Police Toh
Soon Teck (“ASP Toh”) recorded a cautioned statement from the accused. After
the cautioned statement was recorded ASP Toh recorded further statements,
which I shall refer to as investigation statements, from the accused. One was
recorded on the same day, 13 December, and the others on 15, 16 and 19
December.

10 Defence counsel accepted that these statements were made voluntarily.
Nevertheless, it was contended that they are not admissible in evidence.

Admissibility of the cautioned statement

11 This statement was recorded under s 122 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). Sub-sections (6) and (8) thereof are of particular
relevance:

(6) Where any person is charged with an offence or officially informed that he
may be prosecuted for it, he shall be served with a notice in writing, which
shall be explained to him, to the following effect:

“You have been charged with/informed that you may be prosecuted for —

(set out the charge).

Do you wish to say anything in answer to the charge? If there is any fact on
which you intend to rely in your defence in court, you are advised to mention
it now. If you hold it back till you go to court, your evidence may be less
likely to be believed and this may have a bad effect on your case in general.
If you wish to mention any fact now, and you would like it written down, this
will be done.”

(8) In subsection (6), “officially informed” means informed by a police
officer or any other person charged with the duty of investigating offences or
charging offenders.

12 Defence counsel’s argument centred on the admissibility of confessions.
Section 17 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) defines “admission” and
“confession” as follows:

(1) An admission is a statement, oral or documentary, which suggests any
inference as to any fact in issue or relevant fact, and which is made by any
of the persons and under the circumstances hereinafter mentioned.

(2) A confession is an admission made at any time by a person accused of an
offence, stating or suggesting the inference that he committed that offence.

and s 24 provides that:

A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a criminal proceeding
if the making of the confession appears to the court to have been caused by
any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the charge against the
accused person, proceeding from a person in authority and sufficient in the
opinion of the court to give the accused person grounds which would appear to
him reasonable for supposing that by making it he would gain any advantage or
avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the proceeding against
him.

This has been construed to mean that confessions not so afflicted are relevant
and admissible in evidence.

13 Counsel argued that when the accused said in his cautioned statement:

I wish to say that I am sincerely sorry for the inconvenience to both your
country and mine. What I intend to say would be the truth. However knowing the
information would have been fabricated by the people who have organised this.

he was not making a confession as defined by s 17 or by the test set out by
Lord Guest in _Anandagoda v The Queen_ [1962] 1 WLR 817 at 823–824 that:

The test whether a statement is a confession is an objective one, whether to
the mind of a reasonable person reading the statement at the time and in the
circumstance in which it was made it can be said to amount to a statement that
the accused committed the offence or which suggested the inference that he
committed the offence. The statement must be looked at as a whole and it must
be considered on its own terms without reference to extrinsic facts. ... The
appropriate test in deciding whether a particular statement is a confession is
whether the words of admission in the context expressly or substantially admit
guilt or do they taken together in the context inferentially admit guilt?

14 In _Abdul Rashid v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 119 the Court of Criminal Appeal
adopted Lord Guest’s test and added at 129, [29]:

We need only add that, for a statement to amount to a confession, it need not
be of a plenary or unqualified nature and can also be of a non-plenary nature,
so long as the statement connects the accused in some way with the offence.

15 Counsel went further, and argued that as ASP Toh is a CNB officer and not a
police officer, the cautioned statement was not admissible under the CPC as s
122(5) of the CPC stipulates that:

Where any person is charged with an offence any statement, whether it amounts
to a confession or not or is oral or in writing, made at any time, whether
before or after that person is charged and whether in the course of a police
investigation or not, by that person to or in the hearing of any _police
officer of or above the rank of sergeant_ shall be admissible at his trial in
evidence and, if that person tenders himself as a witness, any such statement
may be used in cross-examination and for the purpose of impeaching his credit:

Provided that the court shall refuse to admit such statement or allow it to be
used as aforesaid if the making of the statement appears to the court to have
been caused by any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the
charge against such person, proceeding from a person in authority and
sufficient, in the opinion of the court, to give such person grounds which
would appear to him reasonable for supposing that by making it he would gain
any advantage or avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the
proceedings against him.

[emphasis added]

16 This argument overlooks the fact that the purpose of recording a cautioned
statement is to get an accused person to respond to a charge after being
advised that if there is any fact that he intends to rely on in his defence in
court, he should mention it in his cautioned statement, and that if he holds
it back till he goes to court, his evidence may be less likely to be believed.

17 A cautioned statement is not intended to be taken with a view to obtain a
confession. It is to inform the accused person of the charge he is facing and
to get his response to it. The purpose of a cautioned statement is to enable
the Prosecution to confront the accused at his trial with questions such as
“If this is your defence, why didn’t you disclose it in your cautioned
statement?” or “Why did you not say this, but say that instead when you made
your cautioned statement?” if the accused presents a defence different from or
not disclosed in his cautioned statement. Conversely, the accused can rely on
his cautioned statement to show that he has been consistent in his defence
from the time he was first charged. It would be a departure from the purpose
of recording cautioned statements if a cautioned statement is only admissible
as a confession. If, however, the cautioned statement also happens to be a
confession, it can be admitted and used as one.

18 The power to record cautioned statements is not limited to police officers.
By sub-s (8), other officers charged with the duty of investigating offences
or charging offenders also have the authority. Section 32(2)(a) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) provides that where the offence is
seizable, an officer of the CNB shall have all the powers of a police officer
under the CPC in relation to an investigation into a seizable offence. ASP Toh
comes within s 122(8) as a person charged with the duty of investigating
offences and charging offenders.

19 Consequently, while I agree with counsel that the accused’s cautioned
statement is not a confession, I held that it is admissible in evidence under
s 122.

Admissibility of the investigation statements

20 The statements recorded on 13, 15, 16 and 19 December were not recorded
under s 122(6) and (8), and as ASP Toh is not a police officer, the
admissibility of the statements is not governed by s 122(5) of the CPC which
governs the admission of statements made to police officers.

21 The Court of Criminal Appeal held in _Tan Boon Tat v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1 at
9–10, [35], that a confession made to a narcotics officer is admissible if it
complies with s 24 of the Evidence Act.

22 The recording of the statement of 13 December started at 4.05pm and ended
two hours later. The statement reads:

[1] I am known as “Van” to my friends and family members.

2 Sometime in October this year, I was in need of money. I had to pay a debt
which I took to pay for my twin brother, Khoa Nguyen, lawyer fees. I owed
about A$20,000 to A$25,000 in total to a friend. My friend is Jonathan Lim,
Australia Chinese. He did not press me for payment but I knew he needed the
money. There was also an A$12,000 loan which my twin brother took that I
needed to repay on his behalf. He only had until the end of this year to pay
up that loan. I did not intend to let my twin brother know that I am paying
his debt. I had managed only to repay about A$4,000 for a period of 8 to 10
months already but that was just enough to cover for the interests incurred.
The A$4,000 was my earnings from my job as a sales marketing executive. My
brother’s lawyer’s fees were as a result of one drug case and one affray case
he got into about 3 years ago. Since then my brother had been in debts. I had
been helping him in the repayment of loans for the entire three years.

3 It was only until October 2002 that I was really desperate as I had been out
of work for 4 months and I still have to repay those loans my twin brother
incurred as well as paying for house rent and expenses. I rented a house at 66
Brandon Park drive Mulgrave 3150, Melbourne together with 5 other friends.
However only “Sok” and I pay for the rent. I need to pay about A$580 a month.

4 As such I started looking around for help. I did not managed to obtain help
from anyone. Sometime in the first week of November, a male Chinese known to
me as “Tan” contacted me. He asked me whether I was sure I would do something.
I told him yes. Then he told me to go to Sydney in one week’s time. He did not
tell me what was the purpose for the trip. He just instructed me to go to a
hotel called Pacific International when I arrived at Sydney and someone would
contact me there. I had earlier asked him for help and told him that I needed
quick money. His response to me at that time was he would see what he could
do.

5 Sometime in mid November this year, I made a trip to Sydney following
“Tan’s” instructions. When I arrived at Pacific International Hotel, one male
Vietnamese “Sun” contacted me. He explained to me exactly what I am going to
do and asked me if I am going to do it. He told me that I would be carrying a
package from Cambodia to Singapore to Melbourne and possibly Sydney. He told
me that the package contained “white”. I understood that as heroin. It could
have been cocaine. But I do not know if it is heroin or cocaine. However I was
quite certain that it contained drugs. I told “Sun” that I would do it. “Sun”
then told me to return to the same hotel to look for him before 2 Dec 2002 for
the job. “Sun” told me that the deal was confirmed and I would definitely be
making the trip to carrying that package. After that I returned to Melbourne.

5 On the 1 Dec 2002, I made the second trip for Sydney to go to hotel Pacific
International where I met up with “Sun”. He handed to me a return airfare from
Melbourne to Singapore to Phnom Penh. He instructed me to go to Pacific Hotel
when I reached Phnom Penh and to go to a restaurant across the road called
“Lucky Burger” on the 4th and 5th of Dec 02. Someone was supposed to meet me
there.

6 I stayed at Pacific International at Sydney until the 2 Dec 02 where I
boarded a Qanta’s Airline during the evening. I arrived in Singapore for
transit at about 3.30 am to 4 am on the 3 Dec 02 for about 3 hours. Then I
boarded a Silkair airline and arrived at Phnom Penh at about midday.

7 After I alighted from the plane, I took a taxi and checked in at Pacific
Hotel. In the afternoon I went travelling around places near my hotel.

8 On the 4th Dec 2002, I went to the “Lucky Burger” restaurant at 3 pm as
directed by “Sun” to wait for someone. I waited for about half an hour there
and a male Cambodian approached me. He told me to follow him and I did so. He
led me to his car and took me somewhere. A man who could speak Vietnamese
showed up. He told me to smoke heroin. I refused. He yelled at me but I did
not understand what he was shouting about. He then threatened me by saying,
“smoke! Or else …”. I was under fear and so I had to smoke heroin.

23 The statement of 15 December reads:

The statement recorded on 13.12.2002 @ 4.05 pm. Paragraph 1 to Paragraph 8 was
read back to me in English and I affirmed it to be true and correct.

9 I am now referred to paragraph 8 of my earlier statement. I was then inside
a garage shed. There were altogether 3 people there including the man who
brought me there. I had never seen them before. The man who spoke Vietnamese
did not tell me his name nor did he identify himself in any way. They already
had the equipment for consuming heroin prepared on a table. There were an
aluminium foil and a rolled-up Cambodian note. The man who brought me there
took out from his pocket a plastic containing heroin and a lighter and placed
them on the table. He then offered the heroin to me to consume. I hesitated
and refused. I got aggressive and told him no. That was when the man who spoke
Vietnamese stood up and told me in partial Vietnamese and partial Cambodian
language, “f— your mother, smoke or die”. That was when I realised he had a
rod in his hand as he hit it hard on a bench. I then knew that I could be
killed if I do not follow what they told me to do.

10 I asked the man who spoke Vietnamese how he wanted me to smoke. He then
talked to the man who brought me there to prepare for me and he just told me
to inhale the smoke using the roll-up note. The man who brought me there then
poured the heroin onto the aluminium foil and by using a lighter, he heated
the foil from below. When the heroin was heated, smoke was emitted and that
was when he told me to inhale the smoke using the rolled-up note.

11 I inhaled the smoke for about 3 to 4 times and then I started to fall sick
and vomited. After sometime, I vaguely remembered that I was brought back to
the side street of my hotel and dropped off by these people. I went back to my
room. I took a shower and fell asleep until the next day.

12 The next day, 5 Dec 2002, I woke up at around 6 am. I went around with a
man who I had met on the day I arrived at Phnom Penh. I knew him as “Anh” and
I cannot remember his contact number. We met him at the airport while I was
walking out. I was then surrounded by illegal taxi drivers. I asked for a taxi
driver and that was how I got to know “Anh” who was one of the illegal taxi-
drivers. “Anh” had nothing to do with this case. During my stay at Phnom Penh
he took good care of me.

13 At about 3 pm, I went back to “Lucky Burger” restaurant and the same thing
happened again. The same Cambodia man came to pick me up and we went to the
same garage and I was asked to smoke heroin again. This time I did not put up
any resistant and I smoked the heroin as I was told. I only inhaled the heroin
smoke three times. There was a lot of talking between the Cambodian man and
the man who spoke some Vietnamese for some 30 minutes.

14 The Vietnamese speaking man told me to take off my shirt. I asked him why
and he told me just take it off. I then took off my shirt. He then took out 2
blocks of substance wrapped in tapes. I did not know what they contained at
that point in time. He then took the 2 blocks and placed them on my back. I
asked him why he was doing that. He told me that someone would come to see me
and prepare everything for me in that manner on the 10 Dec 02. He also told me
that that was how the 2 blocks would be positioned and this is the way I was
going to bring the package back to Melbourne. I was told to be at “Lucky
Burger” at 4 pm on the 10 Dec 02. I then asked what were going to happen
between then and the time that someone would meet me. He said, be quiet and
keep out of trouble while you were in Phnom Penh. I was then escorted back to
my hotel.

15 Back in my hotel room, I decided to go to Vietnam to get away from Phnom
Penh. I was too stressed to remain at Phnom Penh. I then went on to make
arrangements to travel to Ho Chi Ming City, Vietnam, on the 8 Dec 02. While
waiting to leave for Ho Chi Ming, from 5 Dec 02 to 8 Dec 02. I travelled
around the city, do some shopping. I also paid some prostitutes for their
companionship. I did not have sex with them.

16 On the 7 Dec 02 in the afternoon around 2 pm, I hired a car and it took me
to Vietnam. I arrived at the border at about 6 pm. I could not cross over to
Vietnam because I was late and the border was already closed. I stayed there
at a casino hotel overnight. At about 6.30 am on the 8 Dec 02, I woke up and
got ready. At about 7 am, I arrived at the border gate and this time, I
managed to cross the border.

17 At about 9 am on the same day, I reached Ho Chi Ming. I spent the rest of
the day sightseeing around the city. I checked in a hotel, I cannot recall the
name, and stayed there over night.

18 On the 9 Dec 02, I spent the whole day in Ho Chi Ming again. On the 10 Dec
02, I returned to Phnom Penh and arrived at Pacific Hotel in the evening. I
was late for the 4 pm appointment at “Lucky Burger”. I decided not to go to
“Lucky Burger” restaurant. I went back to my hotel room.

19 The next day, on the 11 Dec 02 at about 3 pm, I went to “Lucky Burger”
restaurant. I went there hoping that they would be there. At about 4 pm, the
same person who came to pick me up during the first 2 occasions appeared.
Again, he asked me to follow him in his car. We arrived at the same garage.

20 At the garage, the man who spoke Vietnamese started scolding me. He asked
me if I was a cop or a policeman. I was then stripped and searched. Again,
they asked me to smoke heroin. I explained to them it was not a good idea to
consume drug before travelling from countries to countries. They accepted that
and did not force me any further. They then passed a bag containing a sealer,
rolls of plastic, scissors, gloves, Velcro tapes, super glue, handy-knives and
some other accessories. There was also an electric coffee blender.

21 The Vietnamese speaking man then instructed me to crush the 2 rocks of
heroin using the coffee blender into fine powdery form. As he explained, the
man who brought me there brought out 2 rocks of heroin. They are rectangular
in shape and white in colour. Each rock was contained inside a plastic bag.
The Vietnamese speaking man told me that the person who was supposed to help
me strapped the package was gone somewhere else. I told him that he was
supposed to solve that problem. That was when I was threatened not to mess
things up. No more things were said. He then told me that I would have to
strap the package on my own. He told me first to crush both the rock of heroin
separately using the coffee blender. He also reminded me not to mix the 2
rocks of heroin at any time. Then I was to seal them inside 2 plastic bags
using those things they gave me inside the bag. He then told me to strap the 2
plastic packets of powdered heroin onto my back. He then handed over the bag
and warned me not to back out or chicken out again. I asked him if he were
sure that the 2 plastic packets of heroin to be strapped to my back and he
again warned me not to mess it up as someone would be watching over me.

22 After collecting the 2 rocks of heroin and the bag containing all the
tools, I was sent back to my hotel room. When I reached my room, I went left
everything inside my room and went to a shop nearby to buy a hammer and a
power adapter. The hammer is for breaking the heroin rock into smaller bits so
that they could be fitted into the coffee blender. The power adapter is to
connect the sealer to a PowerPoint. Then I returned to my hotel room and
started preparing the crushing of the rock heroin.

24 The statement of 16 December reads:

The statement recorded on 15.12.2002 @ 3.50 p.m. Paragraph 9 to Paragraph 22
was read back to me in English and I affirmed it to be true and correct.

23 At my hotel room, I took out everything from the bag. I planned in what
process I would do to package the two rocks of heroin. I decided that some of
the equipment could be used while some could not be used and I separate them
apart. I took out one rock of heroin and placed it into a plastic bag and
started to break it into smaller pieces using the hammer. It took about an
hour or so. After that I placed all the smaller bits into the coffee blender
portion by portion. That took about an hour also. Then I poured all the
powderise heroin onto a plastic and sealed the plastic using the sealer. I
repeated the same process for the second rock of heroin. At the end of that, I
had 2 sealed plastic containing powderise heroin. I tried to packed the 2
plastic as slim as possible. But I did not really know how to go about doing
that, so I just did what I thought would work. I also realized there were
still some small rocks still not powderise. I did not bother to re-do as I was
tired to repeat the process again.

24 I then rested and thought of how to strap the 2 plastic package onto my
back. I realized that I needed sticky tapes to do it. There was no sticky
tapes found inside the bag which the Vietnamese speaking man gave me. There
was only a Velcro tape that I was not sure how they wanted me to do it. At
about 10 am on the 12 Dec 02, I went to purchase sticky tapes from a shop
around the corner near the hotel. I returned after buying 2 types of tapes.
One roll is yellow in colour and the other roll is white in color. I am shown
tapes seized from my back and I recognized them as the tapes which I bought
from the shop near the hotel. (Recorder’s note: Accused was shown Exhibit A1,
tapes removed from the plastic packet of heroin used to strap to the accused
back)

25 Then I returned to my hotel room and started to strap the 2 plastic packets
onto my back. However, I could only managed to strap one plastic packet around
my lower back using the yellow tapes that I just bought. The second plastic
packet I was unable to reach my upper back on my own. I decided to strap it
around my abdomen. I then used the remaining yellow tapes and the white color
tapes to secure the 2 plastic packets around my lower back and my abdomen as
tight as I could. I then wore my under-garment and also put on my clothing.

26 On the same day, 12 Dec 2002, at about 11 am, I carried my luggage and went
downstairs and checked out of the hotel. I reached the airport at about 11.45
am. At the airport twice the security officers there checked me. However they
did not discover the 2 packets of heroin strapped on my body. I boarded
Silkair flight, MI 622, heading for Singapore at 12.20 pm.

27 During my flight, I started to have difficulties in breathing. I then went
to the toilet and removed the package that was strapped to my abdomen. I then
placed it into my pants and tugged out my shirt so that it was not obvious to
be seen.

28 I went back to my seat and secretly stuffed the package that I took off in
the toilet into my back pack. I am now shown a “Haglogs” backpack and I
confirmed that this was the backpack which I put the package of heroin into.
(Recorder’s note: Accused was shown Exhibit B, a black “Haglogs” haversack).

29 On the same day at about 3.20 pm, I arrived at Changi International Airport
Terminal 2 in Singapore. I went to the duty free shop at Terminal 2 and bought
a carton of Marlboro Menthol Lights cigarettes. I then went to the smoking
room and smoked a cigarette. Then I went took the skytrain to Terminal 1 as I
was instructed by the information counter that my flight back to Melbourne was
at Terminal 1.

30 At Terminal 1, I bought a $10/- international calling card from the money
exchange counter. Then I went to a counter where I collected my boarding pass.
I then went straight to the Qantas business class lounge and called my
girlfriend, Ameara. I used the phone in the lounge to call my calling card
which will connect me to Australia. I spoke to her for about 25 minutes. I
merely chit-chatted with her and I did not mention anything about this case to
her. She was not aware anything pertaining to this trip which I made to
courier heroin back to Melbourne. In fact I did not inform any of my friends
or relatives about the purpose of this trip.

31 After I hanged the phone, I then went to the shower room to have a look at
my packages. I removed the tapes that were still stuck on the plastic packet
that was hidden inside my backpack. I threw the tapes into a rubbish bin
inside the shower room. I then place this plastic packet of heroin into the
back compartment of the backpack. I did not do anything to the plastic packet
of heroin that was strapped to my lower back.

32 After that I went back to the lounge and slept. I woke up at about 7.30 pm
and my flight was at 7.40 pm. My flight number was QF 10. I thought that I was
late and so I run to gate C22 from the lounge. I took about 5 minutes to run
to Gate C22.

33 At the gate C22, I took a good glance to see if anyone was watching. I was
looking for the drug syndicate people to see if anyone was really watching
over me. However I was not able to tell if I was being watched. So I decided
that it was too late to turn back. I was also worried about the safety of my
family members as the people in Phnom Penh warned me that the syndicate knew
where I lived and warned me not to messed up. I knew that they were implying
should I messed it up, they will be looking for me at my house or my family
members in Melbourne. I had no choice but to deliver the 2 packets of heroin
to someone in Australia.

34 At the metal detector, I placed my backpack and my business bag onto the
x-ray machine. Then I walked through the metal detector and as I was crossing,
it beeped. At that point in time, I knew I was going to be caught. A police
woman told me stand one side so as not to obstruct traffic. She then used a
metal detector wand to search me by going up and down my body. The metal
detector wand did not beep. She then touched my back, either using her hand or
the metal detector wand, and when she reached my lower back, she must have
discovered the packet of heroin strapped there. She asked me, “what is this?”
I shook my head and said, “No”. She then asked a male colleague to bring me to
a room to search me. I requested to bring the backpack and business bag to the
room as well, which she allowed.

35 Inside the room, the male officer asked me to put my hands on the wall. I
told him, “no need, I will get it for you.” I lifted up my shirt and pulled
out the strapped packet on my lower back and gave it to the officer. He asked
me what that was and I replied to him, “It’s heroin, sir”. He asked me if I
was sure. I told him of course. I also told him that there was more and I went
on to retrieve the packet of heroin which I had hidden inside my backpack.

36 I waited inside the room. I was lost in thought at that time. Later a few
plain clothes officers came questioned me. They also brought me to another
room inside the airport and asked me more questions. One of the officers asked
me how much I was being paid and I replied I did not know. He also asked me
who I was working for and I said the person I was working for was “sun” and I
met him in Sydney. I could not remember the other questions that were posed to
me. Later I was brought to another place where I was subjected to a urine
test. I was informed that my urine was tested negative. I was surprised that
the result was negative. I did not know how long the heroin would stay in my
body. After that I was referred to the investigating officer.

37 There was a phone number which I could recall being used by the syndicate
on the day that I left Sydney for Singapore. That was on the 3 Dec 02 while I
was at Pacific International Hotel in Sydney. I called them at this number and
they told me to listen to the message. Then I received a message on my
handphone. I could not remember if it was the Nokia Handphone or the Siemens
handphone. The message stated, “Checked out now.” The number is 04-14135379.
It is a handphone number as it starts with 04. I do not know who was the owner
of that mobile number of handphone. However it must be connected to “Sun”.
Beside this number, all the other numbers stored inside the two handphones
that were seized from me were my friends and they have nothing to do with this
case.

38 The Sony laptop that was seized from me belonged to my good friend whom I
knew as “Berri”. He is an Indonesian, aged about 20 years old. He is currently
studying in Melbourne. I do not know his real name as it was too long to
remember and too complicated to pronounce. Berri has no criminal records. I
borrowed the laptop from him on the 1 Dec 02 just before I left for Sydney to
keep myself entertained while I was on this trip. I also wanted to use it to
write letters. I did not use it to record any event that was connected to this
case.

39 There were a total of 9 watches found in my luggage. Only one is genuine
and that is the black-colour man “Rado” watch which I bought it at A$2,500
back in Melbourne. I used my savings to purchase it on my 21 birthday about 1
year and 3 months ago. The other 8 fake watches were bought in Phnom Penh on 6
Dec 02. I intended to give them to my friends in Australia as Christmas gifts.
The 10 belts found inside my luggage were for the same purpose. They cost
about A$500/- and I used my own savings to buy them.

40 The amount of cash that were recovered from me comprised of Cambodia,
Vietnam, Australia, Singapore and US currency. The total value would not
exceed A$100/-. These were left over from the US$1000/- given to me by “Sun”.
“Sun” gave me US$1000 for my hotel, food, transport and entertainment expenses
for my trip. He handed the money together with the air tickets before I left
Sydney for Singapore on the 2 Dec 2002.

41 I was born in Thailand, Sonkha, in a refugee camp in 1980. My mother was a
Vietnamese refugee. I did not know who my father was until Nov this year. He
came from America to look for my brother and I. I had a twin brother and no
other sibling. Shortly after I was born, I followed my mother together with my
twin brother and migrated to Australia. I cannot remember much about my
childhood. My mother married in 1987 to a Vietnamese Australian. My step-
father beat my brother and I quite often. I went to St Joseph Primary School
in Springvale, Melbourne when I was about 6 years old. When I was 12 years
old, I went to the Mt Waverly Secondary College. I completed secondary school
education in 1998 when I was about 18 years old. Then I intended to proceed
with my university education at Deakin University. However due to financial
difficulties, I started working instead of studying. I worked as storeman,
door to door salesman, computer sales and research marketing. Around end 1999,
I also set up my own business in Melbourne dealing with computer sales. There
was no need for any capital. Shortly after that my twin brother got into
trouble with the law and I wind up my business to raise legal fees for him. So
I found a sale, research and marketing job and I earned between A$1500 to
A$2500 a month depending on how much commission I received. I took long leave
since June this year as I was on medication for acne that required 4 months
leave.

25 Finally, the statement of 19 December read:

The statement recorded on 16.12.2002 @ 2.22 pm. Paragraph 23 to Paragraph 41
was read back to me in English and I affirmed it to be true and correct.

42 I am now refer to paragraph 4 of my earlier statement. I wish to state that
“Tan” were someone whom I often see him hanging around a café called “Puccini”
located in the city of Melbourne. I had seen him around in that café since 2
years ago. However, we were mere acquaintance. I do not know his contact
number or where he stayed. He knew I needed money urgently as I had spoken to
him about. That was why he called me sometime in early November 2002. When
“Tan” ask me if I am sure I would do something, he meant that if there was an
opportunity would I go for it. At that time I was totally not aware of the
nature of that opportunity. At hindsight, “Tan” is acquainted with “Sun”. I am
not sure if he knew about the assignment that “Sun” had in store for me.

43 I am referred to my statement recorded on the 13 Dec 2002 at 4.27 am. I
wish to clarify that I mean that I would be telling all that I knew about what
happened but the information would not be the truth as these were being
fabricated by the people who had organized this.

44 During transit in Singapore on the day I flew from Sydney, I met up a
friend from Singapore at about 4 am on 3 Dec 2002. I only knew him as
“Golgan”. I knew him in Australia where was studying in Melbourne. He can be
contacted at 65-92388851. We met at Terminal Two at the exit of the arrival
hall. We were together for about 2 hours until I had to check in again. I told
him that I was on holidays around the world. I did not tell him anything about
my assignment to courier heroin back to Australia. He had nothing to do with
this case.

45 I am now referred to paragraph 33 of my earlier statement. I wish to add
that I did not know what the syndicate would do to harm my family or myself. I
knew for sure that they would be doing something nasty to my family member or
myself. Under this circumstance, I really had no choice but to bring the
heroin back to Australia to hand over to the syndicate people. If I did not do
that, the syndicate people might think that I had chickened out or had cheated
them of their goods. It is common that the syndicate would think that way.

46 That is all I had to say.

26 Counsel for the accused acknowledged that no inducement, threat or promise
was employed or held out when the four statements were recorded. If the
statements had been affected by inducement, threat or promise, they would be
inadmissible whether or not they are confessions.

27 Moving on from there, the next issue is whether the statements should be
read separately or together, to determine whether they are a confession. Where
two statements, A and B, are recorded in the course of investigations, they
may be taken to be one statement in two parts or two separate statements. They
will be treated as one complete statement where statement B is a follow-up on
statement A. Where they are not connected, and relate to different matters,
_eg_ where statement A relates to a charge of drug trafficking, and statement
B relates to a charge of illegal entry into Singapore, they may be treated as
separate statements.

28 Looking at the four investigation statements, it can be seen that they
narrated the events from before the time the accused came to be in the
possession of the two packets of heroin to the time of his arrest and each
succeeding statement was recorded as a continuation of the preceding one,
after the previous statement had been read back to him, with the paragraphs
numbered serially.

29 The statements are to be treated as one whole statement for deciding
whether it is a confession under s 17(2) of the Evidence Act. On that basis,
it is quite clear that it has all the ingredients of a confession, and is
admissible under s 24.

Vienna Convention on Consular Relations

30 Defence counsel objected to the admission of the statements on a further
ground, that the statements were taken in breach of Art 36(1) of the Vienna
Convention on Consular Relations 1963 (“VCCR”). It was submitted that the
breach amounted to an illegality and operated unfairly against the accused as
he was not advised of his rights and did not have the opportunity to consult
with a consular officer until 3.30pm on 13 December, after the cautioned
statement was recorded, but before any of the investigation statements were
taken. Article 36(1) reads:

With a view to facilitating the exercise of consular functions relating to
nationals of the sending State:

a. consular officers shall be free to communicate with nationals of the
sending State and to have access to them. Nationals of the sending State shall
have the same freedom with respect to communication with and access to
consular officers of the sending State;

b. if he so requests, the competent authorities of the receiving State shall,
without delay, inform the consular post of the sending State if, within its
consular district, a national of that State is arrested or committed to prison
or to custody pending trial or is detained in any other manner. Any
communication addressed to the consular post by the person arrested, in
prison, custody or detention shall also be forwarded by the said authorities
without delay. The said authorities shall inform the person concerned without
delay of his rights under this sub-paragraph;

c. consular officers shall have the right to visit a national of the sending
State who is in prison, custody or detention, to converse and correspond with
him and to arrange for his legal representation. They shall also have the
right to visit any national of the sending State who is in prison, custody or
detention in their district in pursuance of a judgment. Nevertheless, consular
officers shall refrain from taking action on behalf of a national who is in
prison, custody or detention if he expressly opposes such action.

31 Although Singapore is not a signatory to the Convention, it was contended
that the VCCR applies to Singapore because it is customary international law.

32 The Prosecution’s reply can be summarised as:

(a) there was no breach of Art 36;

(b) even if there was, the breach does not entitle the Defence to challenge
the admissibility of the statements; and

(c) Singapore is not a party to the VCCR.

It is silent on whether Art 36(1) is customary international law which applies
to Singapore.

33 The VCCR is a key instrument in the regulation and conduct of consular
activities. As at 1 January 2000, at least 167 countries were parties to the
convention. Luke T Lee in his book _Consular Law and Practice_ (2nd Ed, 1991)
stated at 26:

[T]he conclusion of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations in 1963 was
undoubtedly the single most important event in the entire history of the
consular institution. Indeed, after 1963, there can be no settlement of
consular disputes or regulation of consular relations, whether by treaties or
national legislation, without reference or recourse to the Vienna Convention.

34 There is an established practice for a state which has arrested a national
of another state to notify the consular officers of the state of the accused
person. Singapore subscribes to the practice. ASP Toh had notified the
Australian High Commission of the arrest of the accused person in compliance
with a directive.

35 The directive, which is a part of the standard operation procedures of the
CNB, reads:

3 Where a foreign national (hereinafter referred to as the accused) is
arrested for other drug offences, the following procedure should be followed:

a The Investigation Officer (IO) is to verify the nationality of the accused
and his current immigration status;

b The IO is to carry out the preliminary investigation (ie, conducting instant
urine test, statement taking, etc);

c The Head Sector is to inform the resident or non-resident foreign mission
concerned, (See sample at Annex B) giving details of the accused (full name,
date of birth, passport number), date, place and time of arrest, charges
preferred and trial date or place of remand (where applicable).

It is reasonable to infer that the other law enforcement agencies in Singapore
would have similar directives.

36 Singapore holds herself out as a responsible member of the international
community and conforms with the prevailing norms of the conduct between
states. Specifically, the directive suggests the acceptance of the obligations
set out in Art 36(1).

37 All this leads me to agree with the defence counsel that Art 36(1) applies
in Singapore. The Prosecution, which is in a good position to have knowledge
of Singapore’s position on this issue, did not assert the contrary.

38 Was there a breach of Art 36(1)? It was established that a member of the
Australian High Commission saw the accused at about 3.30pm on 13 December. The
CNB took charge of the investigations at 9.10pm on 12 December, 18hrs 40min
before the member of the High Commission met the accused. If one takes the
effective starting time as 7.45pm, when the accused was detained by the
airport police, the elapsed time was 20hrs 5min. The High Commission must have
been notified before 3.30pm, for an official to be instructed, and for him or
her to go and see the accused, but no evidence was led to the time of
notification. For the present purpose, I will round off the time between
arrest and notification to 20 hours.

39 Article 36(1) does not set a time period for notification; it is to be done
without delay. Is 20 hours a delay? Reference to state practice can be
helpful. By an Agreement on Consular Relations between Australia and the
People’s Republic of China which came into force on 15 September 2000,
notification is to be made within three days. As Australia regards three days
an appropriate period under the agreement, there is little basis to suppose
that it would find the 20 hours in this case unacceptable. It was not the
defence case that the Australian government considers the notification to have
been delayed in this case.

40 The Defence referred to the case of _LaGrand (Germany v USA)_ (27 June
2001) ICJ General List No 104. This is a decision by the International Court
of Justice where two accused persons were not informed of the right to
consular access for almost 17 years after their arrest. This decision does not
offer any assistance to the accused. The acceptable time was not considered by
the Court as the United States accepted that there was a breach of Art 36(1).

41 The Defence has therefore failed to make out a case that there was a breach
of Art 36(1) because of the 20-hour interval. But I will go one stage further.
Assuming that there was a breach, it does not necessarily follow that the
accused’s statements are inadmissible in evidence. There must be some
resultant prejudice that renders it wrong for the statements to be used, for
example, that if he had timely consular advice, he would not have made the
statements at all, or in the form or at the times he did.

42 No prejudice was disclosed. The issue relating to Art 36(1) was not raised
when the admissibility of the statements was argued, but was only brought up
in the closing submissions. The accused did not say anything about the making
of the statements and the consular visit. There is no basis for excluding the
statements as evidence.

Admissibility of the directive

43 Before concluding this part of my judgment, I should address an issue
relating to the directive. ASP Toh’s evidence was that he acted pursuant to
the directive. When defence counsel applied for it to be produced and admitted
in evidence, the prosecutor objected.

44 He relied on s 126(1) of the Evidence Act that:

No public officer shall be compelled to disclose communications made to him in
official confidence when he considers that the public interest would suffer by
the disclosure.

and argued that the directive was restricted information given to ASP Toh and
other CNB officers.[1]

45 He had not given proper attention to the second element of the provision,
that the public interest would suffer by the disclosure. ASP Toh had not said
that the disclosure of the directive was inimical to the public interest, and
I saw no reason to suppose that it would.

46 I therefore ruled that the directive be produced and admitted in evidence.

Chain of custody

47 Defence counsel raised an issue on the chain of custody of the two packets
of heroin. This relates to the time when the packets came into ASP Toh’s
custody at 12.50am on 13 December up to the time that he submitted them to Dr
Lee Tong Kooi of the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis on 13
December at 11.40am.

48 ASP Toh’s evidence in his conditioned statement was that he marked the
packet that was strapped to the accused’s back “A”, and the other packet
recovered from the haversack “B1”. At 1.55am on 13 December he weighed the two
packets and recorded their weights as 381.66g for packet A and 380.36g for
packet B1, and at 5.30am he locked the two packets in his cabinet and left for
home. On the following day, 13 December, at 11.00am he took out the two
packets again and sealed them before delivering them to the HSA for analysis.

49 When he was cross-examined by defence counsel, he agreed with counsel that
the established practice is for drug exhibits to be sealed at the earliest
possible time. He explained that he did not do that immediately after weighing
the packets because there was to be a press conference. That explanation was
corrected in re-examination when he said that there was no press conference,
only a press release.

50 He also said that on the morning of 13 December after he locked the packets
in his cabinet, he took them out, and locked them again before he left for
home, but he cannot remember why he took them out.[2] He had kept the packets
in his cabinet that night because the CNB store for drug exhibits is only open
during office hours, and does not receive drugs during the night.

51 His evidence was that the previous occasion he had kept drugs in the
cabinet was in July 2002, and those drugs were no longer kept there in
December. After December no drugs were kept there till May 2003.[3]

52 ASP Toh was also asked about the discrepancy between the weights he
recorded of the two packets (381.66g for packet A and 380.36g for packet B1)
and that recorded by Dr Lee Tong Kooi (361.64g for packet A and 370.94g for
packet B1). The significance was not only that different weights were recorded
by ASP Toh and Dr Lee for the same packets, but that packet A was the heavier
packet by ASP Toh’s weighing, while packet B1 was heavier than packet A when
Dr Lee weighed them.

53 No explanation was offered by ASP Toh. One can only look at the
circumstances of the two weighings. ASP Toh weighed the packets in his office
to obtain a weight of the suspected drugs to prefer a holding charge against
the accused, and to carry on with his investigations.

54 When Dr Lee weighed the exhibits he was doing that as an analyst. The
weighing was done under laboratory conditions to establish the diamorphine
content of the suspected drugs. The levels of expertise between ASP Toh and Dr
Lee, and the equipment they used, were different. The difference in the
results may have arisen for these reasons. There was no suggestion that when
ASP Toh opened the packets, he added to or removed anything from them before
sending them to Dr Lee.

55 The Defence also complained that ASP Toh did not seal the drugs promptly.
The two packets came into ASP Toh’s possession at 12.50am on 13 December and
he sealed them at 11.00am the same day. The lapse was 10hrs 10min. During that
time ASP Toh was briefed by the officer who handed custody of the case
exhibits to him, and he instructed the officer to list the exhibits, and he
also weighed the packets and locked them in his cabinet.

56 The sealing could have been carried out earlier, perhaps immediately after
the weighing at 1.55am, 9hrs 5min earlier than the actual time of weighing.

57 ASP Toh made reference to a press conference which did not take place. The
Prosecution did not clarify with him whether he believed that there was going
to be a press conference, and whether there is a practice that if there is a
press conference, drug exhibits are not sealed until after that has taken
place. There was no suggestion that anyone other than ASP Toh had possession
of the packets during the 10hrs 10min.

58 Defence counsel submitted that:

The procedure to ensure the integrity of the exhibits submitted for analysis
would be rendered useless if investigators are allowed to keep unsealed drugs
in their private cabinets, remove them for no apparent reason and then
affixing a seal just minutes before submitting the drugs for analysis. The
evidence adduced showed not only a disregard of established practice but also
an unexplained discrepancy in the weight of the exhibits. We submit the
Honourable Court is entitled to reject the drug exhibits and the consequential
evidence of the drug analyst.[4]

59 I do not agree. For the reasons I have stated I find that the integrity of
the exhibits was not compromised.

Finding on the accused’s guilt

60 There was undisputed evidence that the two packets were in the possession
of the accused. The airport officers gave clear evidence on the recovery of
those packets from his body and his haversack. He had also admitted in his
statements that he had those packets in his possession. There was also
undisputed evidence from other prosecution witnesses that he had flown in from
Phnom Penh. In his statement he admitted that he brought the two packets with
him when he entered Singapore.

61 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, defence counsel decided not to make
any submissions. I found on the evidence before me that the Prosecution had
proved a sufficient case for the accused to enter his defence.

62 When he was called to do that, he elected not to enter his defence. He did
not give evidence himself, or call any one to give evidence as his witness.

63 I proceeded to hear closing submissions. I have reviewed the evidence and
the submissions and my rulings and findings made during the trial since. I
find that the Prosecution has proved its case against the accused beyond a
reasonable doubt. I therefore find the accused guilty on the charge he faces,
and convict him thereon.

Sentence to be imposed

64 I will now deal with the issues raised by the Defence on the sentence to be
imposed.

Whether the death sentence is mandatory

65 The Defence contended that the sentence of death is not a mandatory
sentence and that it is the maximum sentence.

66 The punishments for offences are referred to in s 33 and the Second
Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act. The first column of the schedule relates
to “Section creating offence”, the second column relates to “General nature of
offence” and the third to seventh columns relate to “Punishment”.

67 To ascertain the punishment for the offence committed by the accused one
looks under the first column for s 7. Then one looks across the schedule for
the specific offence or type and quantity of drug involved under the second
column, and finally one looks for the punishment under columns three to seven.

68 When the second schedule is read in this way, the punishment for an offence
under s 7 for the unauthorised import of more than 15g of diamorphine is
stated in one word, “Death”.

69 It was submitted that this “as a matter of statutory interpretation, is
open to be regarded as a maximum penalty not a death penalty”. Reliance is
placed on ss 9A(1) and 41 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed):

9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

41\. Whenever in any written law a penalty is provided for an offence, such
provision shall imply that such offence shall be punishable upon conviction by
a penalty not exceeding (except as may be otherwise expressly mentioned in the
written law) the penalty provided.

70 I do not see any merit in this argument. The schedule provides specifically
and clearly that the punishment is death. It does not say that the maximum
sentence is death. The schedule provides for the maximum sentence in clear
terms. It is replete with references to maximum and minimum sentences for
other offences, for example, for the offence of unauthorised import of not
less than 10g and not more than 15g of diamorphine, the punishment is maximum
30 years’ imprisonment or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes, and minimum 20
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes.

71 When there is a range of punishment prescribed, there is a maximum and a
minimum sentence. When a single punishment is prescribed, it is manifestly
wrong to take it to be the maximum sentence.

Equal protection

72 A more substantial issue raised on behalf of the accused is that the
mandatory death penalty is unconstitutional for contravening Art 12(1) of the
Constitution (1999 Rev Ed) that “[a]ll persons are equal before the law and
entitled to the equal protection of the law”.

73 Counsel submitted that:

Where persons require the equality of protection that is there referred to, it
usually is from injustice at the hands of the State and usually within the
criminal law. Any State has great resources which can be marshaled against an
individual person. Every person is entitled to protection from the effect of
those resources and in communities such as this, that protection comes from
the criminal justice system. Justice in the criminal law in countries whose
system derives from English law usually means fairness and equity. It may mean
moral rightness. Justice is also usually required to conform to developing
community standards. An entitlement to equal protection of the law is not
concerned in comparative terms with the punishment which is imposed on a
particular individual but rather an entitlement to be protected from injustice
in the form of a disproportionate sentence.

…

A mandatory sentence of death, such as in this case, removes that protection.
The person in the situation of the accused who falls into the 15 grams plus
category loses the protection of a judicial sentence and the fact that
everyone in that category is penalized with the death penalty is no answer to
the absence of protection from a disproportionate sentence.[5]

74 The constitutionality of the mandatory death sentence under the Misuse of
Drugs Act was argued before and considered by the Privy Council two decades
ago in _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_ [1980–1981] SLR 48.

75 The argument made, as Lord Diplock put it in his judgment at 63, [32] was:

[T]he mandatory nature of the sentence, in the case of an offence so broadly
drawn as that of trafficking created by … the [Misuse of] Drugs Act, rendered
it arbitrary since it debarred the court in punishing offenders from
discriminating between them according to their individual blameworthiness.

and that it:

… offends against the principle of equality before the law entrenched in the
Constitution by art 12(1), since it compels the court to condemn to the
highest penalty of death an addict who has gratuitously supplied an addict
friend with 15g of heroin from his own private store, and to inflict a lesser
punishment upon a professional dealer caught selling for distribution to many
addicts a total of 14.99g.

76 That argument was rejected at 64, [35]–[37] on the ground that:

All criminal law involves the classification of individuals for the purposes
of punishment, since it affects those individuals only in relation to whom
there exists a defined set of circumstances – the conduct and, where relevant,
the state of mind that constitute the ingredients of an offence. Equality
before the law and equal protection of the law require that like should be
compared with like. What Article 12(1) of the Constitution assures to the
individual is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in similar
circumstances. It prohibits laws which require that some individuals within a
single class should be treated by way of punishment more harshly than others,
it does not forbid discrimination in punitive treatment between one class of
individuals and another class in relation to which there is some difference in
the circumstances of the offence that has been committed.

The discrimination that the appellants challenge in the instant cases is
discrimination between class and class: the imposition of a capital penalty
upon that class of individuals who traffic in 15g of heroin or more and the
imposition of a penalty, severe though it may be, which is not capital upon
that class of individuals who traffic in less than 15g of heroin. The
dissimilarity in circumstances between the two classes of individuals lies in
the quantity of the drug that was involved in the offence.

The questions whether this dissimilarity in circumstances justifies any
differentiation in the punishments imposed upon individuals who fall within
one class and those who fall within the other, and, if so, what are the
appropriate punishments for each class, are questions of social policy. Under
the Constitution, which is based on the separation of powers, these are
questions which it is the function of the legislature to decide, not that of
the judiciary. _Provided that the factor which the legislature adopts as
constituting the dissimilarity in circumstances is not purely arbitrary but
bears a reasonable relation to the social object of the law, there is no
inconsistency with art 12(1) of the Constitution_.

and Lord Diplock added at 65, [39]:

[A]rt 12(1) of the Constitution is not concerned with equal punitive treatment
for equal moral blameworthiness; it is concerned with equal punitive treatment
for similar legal guilt.

[emphasis added]

This decision is binding on me.

77 The Court of Appeal ruled in _Jabar v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 617 at 631, [53], in
connection with the requirement in Art 9(1) that no person shall be deprived
of his life or personal liberty except according to procedure established by
law, that:

Any law which provides for the deprivation of a person’s life or personal
liberty, is valid and binding so long as it is validly passed by Parliament.
The court is not concerned with whether it is also fair, just and reasonable
as well.

There is room for debate whether “so long as it is validly passed by
Parliament” refers to the compliance with the processes for passing an Act or
to its constitutional validity. I think it relates to both, as the court must
be concerned that statutes be properly enacted and do not contravene the
Constitution.

78 In _Kok Hoong Tan Dennis v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 123, Yong Pung How CJ adopted
the test laid down by the Supreme Court of India in _Budhan Choudhry v State
of Bihar_ AIR (42) 1955 SC 191 at 193 for the equal protection of the law
under Art 14 of the Constitution of India:

In order, however, to pass the test of permissible classification two
conditions must be fulfilled, namely, (i) that the classification must be
founded on an intelligible differentia which distinguishes persons or things
that are grouped together from others left out of the group and (ii) that that
differentia must have a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved
by the statute in question. The classification may be founded on different
bases; namely, geographical, or according to objects or occupations or the
like. What is necessary is that there must be a nexus between the basis of
classification and the object of the Act under consideration.

79 In their closing submissions defence counsel referred to _Ong Ah Chuan_ and
conceded that:

There is no question that Lord Diplock is right when he says that the
legislature can differentiate between offenders as to the punishment to be
imposed. However in our submission what the legislature cannot do (under
Article 12) is deprive any group of persons of the protection of the law by
depriving them of the right to be heard on the question of sentence which is
then decided by an independent judge.[6]

80 Counsel argued:

It is instructive to deal with two hypothetical situations to illustrate our
submissions. In the first case (similar to this) a young person is arrested in
the transit section of Changi Airport in possession of 20 grams of heroin on
his way home to New Zealand. The 20 grams of heroin are for his own
consumption. He is without prior convictions, fully employed, of excellent
character and supported in every way by his family. In the second case, a
Singapore national is arrested at the same airport. His baggage is searched
and a suitcase containing artefacts purchased in the Golden Triangle shows
that a carefully planned scheme of importation of heroin had been devised. The
artefacts have been carefully hollowed, filled with heroin and resealed, and
in total he is in possession 1.5 kilograms of heroin. He is interviewed by the
CNB and admits that the primary purpose for the importation is the sale of the
heroin after being cut on the streets of Singapore. He has prior convictions
for non-capital drug offences, offences of violence, and immigration offences
including forgery of travel documents. It is clear that he is part of a
sophisticated drug network dealing in large quantities of drugs within
Singapore.

To suggest that no differentiation in punishment between those two offenders
does not violate the principles behind the equal protection of the law in
Article 12 or the accepted principle of sentencing is fanciful.[7]

81 The argument is that the death sentence cannot be imposed without regard to
the degree of moral blameworthiness of the convicted person, and that the
court must treat an offender with little or no blameworthiness differently
from a blameworthy offender when it imposes a sentence.

82 As Lord Diplock explained, equal protection does not require that everyone
be dealt with equally. It requires that like be compared with like. Different
bases of classification may be employed. In setting punishments for drug
importation, for example, the criteria employed may be by the offence, the
type of drugs, the quantity of the drugs, the value of the drugs, whether the
offender is a willing or reluctant participant, a principal or an agent, or
whether he is a first offender or a repeat offender. The power to determine
the criteria for identifying and distinguishing one class from others is
vested in the legislature. Provided that the distinguishing factor employed is
not purely arbitrary, and it bears a reasonable relation to the object of the
law, that is not discrimination even if arguments can be made that some other
criteria could suit the purpose better.

83 Parliament has prescribed the offence, the type and quantity of drugs as
the bases to determine the sentences to be meted out to offenders. By its
preamble the Misuse of Drugs Act was enacted “for the control of dangerous
drugs or otherwise harmful drugs and substances and for purposes connected
therewith”. The differentiating factors employed for the death sentence are
not arbitrary, and they bear a reasonable relation to the object of the Act.

84 The degree of moral blameworthiness of an offender and other mitigating and
aggravating factors are taken into consideration for sentencing in the vast
majority of the offences where the sentence is not fixed. The failure to do so
could raise questions whether the sentencing power is properly exercised. But
where the legislature has by the proper exercise of its powers prescribed that
for offences involving large quantities of drugs the offenders shall be
punished with death, the punishment will be imposed without hearing pleas in
mitigation, and there is no denial of the equal protection of the law to the
offenders.

85 The Defence also relied on the Privy Council’s decision in _Reyes v The
Queen_ [2002] 2 AC 235 that a mandatory death penalty is cruel and inhuman
punishment.[8] This case originated in Belize. Reyes was convicted of murder
by shooting, a class A murder under the laws of Belize, and the mandatory
death sentence for class A murders was imposed. He challenged the
constitutional validity of the sentence, and succeeded before the Privy
Council.

86 Lord Bingham of Cornhill, in delivering the judgment of the Board, ruled at
[29] that:

A law which denies a defendant the opportunity, after conviction, to seek to
avoid imposition of the ultimate penalty, which he may not deserve, is
incompatible with section 7 because it fails to respect his basic humanity.

87 The provision referred to is s 7 of the Constitution of Belize which
provides that:

No person shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment
or other treatment.

88 To ascertain whether a punishment is inhuman or degrading a court is
required to take into account the “evolving standards of decency that mark the
progress of a maturing society”.

89 Lord Bingham reviewed decisions from several jurisdictions and came to the
conclusion at [43] that:

[T]he provision requiring sentence of death to be passed on the defendant on
his conviction of murder by shooting subjected him to inhuman or degrading
punishment or other treatment incompatible with his right under section 7 of
the Constitution in that it required sentence of death to be passed and
precluded any judicial consideration of the humanity of condemning him to
death. The use of firearms by dangerous and aggressive criminals is an
undoubted social evil and, so long as the death penalty is retained, there may
well be murders by shooting which justify the ultimate penalty. But there will
also be murders of quite a different character (for instance, murders arising
from sudden quarrels within a family, or between neighbours, involving the use
of a firearm legitimately owned for no criminal or aggressive purpose) in
which the death penalty would be plainly excessive and disproportionate. In a
crime of this kind there may well be matters relating both to the offence and
the offender which ought properly to be considered before sentence is passed.
To deny the offender the opportunity, before sentence is passed, to seek to
persuade the court that in all the circumstances to condemn him to death would
be disproportionate and inappropriate is to treat him as no human being should
be treated and thus to deny his basic humanity, the core of the right which
section 7 exists to protect.

90 The case was argued and decided around s 7 of the Belize Constitution.
_Reyes_ would be relevant to the present case if there is an equivalent
provision to s 7 in Singapore, but no such provision exists in the
Constitution or any Act. The Defence was not deterred by that, and submitted
after referring to the passage in the foregoing paragraph that “the mandatory
death penalty offends the protection offered by Article 12 in the same
manner”.[9]

91 That brings the argument back to the question of proper and impermissible
classification criteria, which has been dealt with.

Separation of powers

92 Article 93 of the Constitution declares that:

The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force.

93 The distinction between the judicial power and the legislative power on the
punishment of offenders is very well set out by the Supreme Court of Ireland
in _Deaton v The Attorney General and the Revenue Commissioners_ [1963] IR 170
at 182:

There is a clear distinction between the prescription of a fixed penalty and
the selection of a penalty for a particular case. The prescription of a fixed
penalty is the statement of a general rule, which is one of the
characteristics of legislation; this is wholly different from the selection of
a penalty to be imposed in a particular case. … The Legislature does not
prescribe the penalty to be imposed in an individual citizen’s case; it states
the general rule, and the application of that rule is for the Courts.

and at 183:

[T]he selection of punishment is an integral part of the administration of
justice and, as such, cannot be committed to the hands of the Executive …

94 On that basis, there can be nothing objectionable in s 33 and the Second
Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

95 Defence counsel also took issue with the post-sentencing provisions in the
CPC relating to death sentences. The specific provisions counsel were
concerned with are sub-ss (c) and (e) of s 220 which read:

(c) in cases in which notice of appeal or notice of an application for leave
to appeal is not given within the prescribed period, the Judge who presided at
the trial shall, as soon as conveniently may be after that period has elapsed,
forward to the Minister a copy of the notes of evidence taken at the trial,
together with a report in writing signed by him stating whether, in his
opinion, there are any reasons (and, if so, what reasons) why the sentence of
death should or should not be carried out;

(e) the President, acting in accordance with section 8 of the Republic of
Singapore Independence Act shall communicate to the High Court a copy under
his hand and seal of any order which he makes, which order, if the sentence is
to be carried out, shall state the time and place when and where the execution
is to be held, and, if the sentence is commuted into any other punishment,
shall so state and, if the person sentenced is pardoned, shall so state;

96 They submit that:

Section 220 requires the trial judge to prepare a report for the Minister or
the Court of Appeal stating whether there are any reasons why the death
penalty which he has had no choice but to pronounce should not be carried out.
The trial judge hears the case, pronounces the sentence and then is called
upon to express a view about the sentence ultimately to the executive without
the accused person having any role in the process – indeed having no
protection.

Section 220 of the Code may be treated as evidence of the breach of the
doctrine of separation of powers. It is a legislative requirement on a
judicial officer to take part in the administrative process of the executive.
That requirement arises because of the earlier breach of the doctrine by the
legislature mandating and fixing the sentence.

An issue which arises is whether it is compatible with the doctrine of the
separation of powers to provide for the individualised consideration only
after the imposition of the sentence and by the Executive with no accessible
criteria and with no requirement to give reasons for the final outcome. It is
submitted that the power to determine the severity of the punishment to be
inflicted upon an individual member of a class of offenders should not be
committed to the executive for, in both substance and reality, the decision as
to which of those convicted of importing a controlled substance actually
deserves to suffer death is a sentencing function. The individualised
determination should be performed by the judiciary before the death sentence
is pronounced, not afterwards. Otherwise, contrary to the separation of powers
principle, the sentencing function is being trusted to the executive.[10]

It was not made clear whether the submission is that the sentence of death or
the power conferred by s 220 is invalid for being in breach of the doctrine of
separation of powers embodied in the Constitution. The tenor of the submission
suggested the latter.

97 Section 220 does not stand alone. It draws its authority from Art 22P of
the Constitution which provides that:

22P.—(1) The President, as occasion shall arise, may, on the advice of the
Cabinet —

(a) grant a pardon to any accomplice in any offence who gives information
which leads to the conviction of the principal offender or any one of the
principal offenders, if more than one;

(b) grant to any offender convicted of any offence in any court in Singapore,
a pardon, free or subject to lawful conditions, or any reprieve or respite,
either indefinite or for such period as the President may think fit, of the
execution of any sentence pronounced on such offender; or

(c) remit the whole or any part of such sentence or of any penalty or
forfeiture imposed by law.

(2) Where any offender has been condemned to death by the sentence of any
court and in the event of an appeal such sentence has been confirmed by the
appellate court, the President shall cause the reports which are made to him
by the Judge who tried the case and the Chief Justice or other presiding Judge
of the appellate court to be forwarded to the Attorney-General with
instructions that, after the Attorney-General has given his opinion thereon,
the reports shall be sent, together with the Attorney-General’s opinion, to
the Cabinet so that the Cabinet may advise the President on the exercise of
the power conferred on him by subsection (1).

98 Art 22P and Art 93 exist together. The judicial power of the courts is to
be wielded alongside the President’s prerogative powers. A power conferred by
the Constitution cannot be considered unconstitutional.

The Beijing Statement

99 The statement entitled “Beijing Statement of Principles of the Independence
of the Judiciary in the LAWASIA Region” was signed by the participants at the
6th Conference of Chief Justices of Asia and the Pacific, including the Chief
Justice of Singapore, on 19 August 1995.

100 Defence counsel submitted:

The Beijing Statement adds great force to our submission and underlines the
importance of the judiciary in death penalty cases.

In the Statement, the Judiciary is described as an “institution of the highest
value in every society”. The statement also declared that the Judiciary is
indispensable to the implementation of rights under the Universal Declaration
of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
One of the stated objectives and functions of the Judiciary was to promote,
within the proper limits of the judicial function, the observance and
attainment of human rights. Importantly, it was also stated that the Judiciary
must have jurisdiction over all issues of a justiciable nature and exclusive
authority to decide whether an issue submitted for its decision is within its
competence as defined by law.

It is submitted that the imposition of sentence is fundamentally justiciable
in its nature and part of the criminal trial process and thus requires the
sentence to be passed by an independent and impartial tribunal offering the
accused “the equal protection of the law”.[11]

101 I have to say that I read nothing in the Statement that relates to death
sentences or mandatory death sentences. Counsel did not explain how the
Statement, which does not have the force of a treaty or a convention, assists
the accused’s argument that mandatory death sentences are illegal.

Hanging as a cruel and inhuman punishment

102 The defence asserted that the death penalty that the accused faces is not
only unconstitutional for being a denial of equal protection, but is also
unconstitutional because execution by hanging is cruel, inhuman and degrading
and is not compatible with the evolving standards of decency that mark the
progress of a maturing society.[12]

103 Counsel argued that although there is no constitutional provision against
cruel and inhuman punishment, hanging contravenes Art 9(1) which provides
that:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

104 Section 216 of the CPC states that sentences of death are to be carried
out by hanging. Nevertheless counsel argued that “law” should be read to
include Art 5 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (“UDHR”) that:

No person shall be subjected to torture or to cruel inhuman or degrading
treatment or punishment.

105 Counsel justified the position on the basis that:

[T]he articles of the UDHR … protect a person subject to the criminal law from
a death penalty which is cruel and inhuman. A cruel, inhuman and degrading
method of execution would not represent the deprivation of a life “according
to law” under Article 9(1).

[A]n important question arises and that is the role of treaties and customary
international law in domestic or municipal law. We submit that Singapore’s
vital participation in the world of transnational trade and commerce
necessarily connects it to the influence of international standards and that
they in turn must affect Singapore’s domestic or municipal law.[13]

106 The Declaration is not an international treaty or convention and there is
no consensus that it is a statement or codification of customary international
law, and it does not refer to hanging.

107 There are those who believe that hanging is a cruel, inhuman or degrading
punishment, but that is by no means a settled view. For example, when this
issue was brought up before the United States Court of Appeals in _Campbell v
Wood_ 18 F 3d 662 (1994), the majority decision was that hanging did not
violate the constitutional protection against cruel and unusual punishments.

108 Even if there is such a customary rule, it would not apply if it is
inconsistent with the domestic law. As Lord Atkin explained in _Chung Chi
Cheung v The King_ [1939] AC 160 at 167–168:

[S]o far, at any rate, as the Courts of this country are concerned,
international law has no validity save in so far as its principles are
accepted and adopted by our own domestic law. There is no external power that
imposes its rules upon our own code of substantive law or procedure. The
Courts acknowledge the existence of a body of rules which nations accept
amongst themselves. On any judicial issue they seek to ascertain what the
relevant rule is, and, having found it, they will treat it as incorporated
into the domestic law, so far as it is not inconsistent with rules enacted by
statutes or finally declared by their tribunals.

And in _Collco Dealings Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1962] AC 1, the
House of Lords affirmed the proposition that if a statute is unambiguous, its
provisions must be followed even if they are contrary to international law.

Conclusion

109 The Defence has failed to establish that the mandatory death sentence is
unlawful for contravening the Constitution or international law. That being
the case, and having found the accused guilty and convicted him, the sentence
I impose is that he shall suffer death.

  

* * *

[1] Notes of Evidence page 129

[2] Notes of Evidence page 120

[3] Notes of Evidence page 115

[4] Defence Closing Submissions Part I, para 29

[5] Defence Closing Submissions, Part II, paras 40 and 44

[6] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, para 52

[7] Defence’s Response To The Prosecution’s Closing Submissions Part II, paras
7 and 8

[8] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, para 6

[9] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, para 47

[10] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, paras 66–67, 69

[11] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, paras 56–58

[12] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, para 114

[13] Defence Closing Submissions Part II, paras 106 and 107

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

