Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Melati" (No 2)  
[2004] SGCA 16

Case Number | : | CA 134/2003, NM 16/2004, 21/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Tean and Probin Dass (Rajah and Tann) for appellant; Kenneth Lie and Chow Sy Hann (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for respondent   
Parties | : |  The "Melati" (No 2)   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Judge in chambers allowing extension of
time to file Statement of Claim and allowing Statement of Claim filed out of
time to stand – Whether appellant required to obtain leave of court to appeal
to Court of Appeal – Section 34(2)(d) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

15 April 2004

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 Two motions were before this court in relation to Civil Appeal No 134 of
2003. The first was by the respondent cargo owners seeking to strike out the
appeal on the ground that the appellant shipowners had failed to obtain leave
of court, as required under s 34(2)(d) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), before filing the notice of appeal against
the decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (reported at [2003] 4 SLR 575). The
arguments before us centred on the true nature of the orders made by Ang J
against which the appellants sought to appeal. The second motion was an
application by the appellants seeking the leave of this court, in the event
that we should hold, pursuant to the first motion, that leave of the judge was
required before an appeal could be filed.

2 At the conclusion of the hearing of the first motion, we ruled that the
notice of appeal had been properly filed as no leave of the judge was
required. This rendered the second motion redundant and the appellants duly
withdrew it. We now give our reasons for the ruling.

**The background**

3 On 24 December 2000 the vessel _Melati_ suffered a casualty in the course of
its voyage from Buatan, Indonesia, to Huangpu and Shanghai, China. On 5 March
2002, the cargo owners, who suffered losses as a result of the casualty, took
out a writ _in rem_ against the shipowners. The _in rem_ writ was served on 12
March 2002. Appearance was duly entered on 20 March 2002. Thereafter, the
cargo owners took no further steps until 18 March 2003 when they filed and
served a statement of claim out of time on the shipowners’ solicitors.

4 Under O 18 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) (“ROC”),
the statement of claim to a writ must be served on the defendant within 14
days of the defendant entering appearance unless the court allows otherwise.
Under O 21 r 2(6) of the ROC, if no party has, within a period of one year,
taken any step or proceeding in the action, the action is deemed to have been
discontinued.

5 On the basis of these two rules, the shipowners objected to the service of
the statement of claim effected on them on 18 March 2003, as not only was the
statement of claim filed and served out of time, the action was also deemed
discontinued under O 21 r 2(6). Subsequently, exchanges took place between the
solicitors of the parties as to whether the filing and service of the summons
in chambers was proper and whether the action had been automatically
discontinued. As no agreement could be reached, the cargo owners made an
application by summons in chambers for the following reliefs:

2\. The time for filing of the statement of claim in the action be extended;

3\. A declaration that the statement of claim filed and served on the
defendants on 18 March 2003 was regular and made in accordance with the Rules
of Court;

4\. Further and alternatively, the plaintiffs be at liberty to reinstate the
action herein.

6 On 24 April 2003, the assistant registrar dismissed the cargo owners’
application and also ordered that the statement of claim filed on 18 March
2003 be “struck out”. He felt that such a long extension of time to enable the
statement of claim to be filed and served would “quite fatally disrupt case
management”. He also refused to reinstate the action as the cargo owners did
not prosecute it with due despatch.

7 The cargo owners appealed to the judge in chambers who, on 21 October 2003,
allowed the appeal. She extended the time for the filing of the statement of
claim and retrospectively validated the service of the statement of claim
effected on 18 March 2003. She ordered that time ran from the date of her
order for the shipowners to file their defence.

8 On 27 October 2003, as required under s 34(1)(c) of the SCJA, the shipowners
requested for a certification from the judge that she would require no further
arguments on the matter. The judge duly so certified on 4 November 2003. On 20
November 2003, a notice of appeal was filed by the shipowners.

9 Thereafter the parties proceeded in the normal way to discuss about the
necessary documents to be included in the Record of Appeal. On 9 February
2004, the shipowners filed and served on the cargo owners the Appellant’s
Case, the Record of Appeal, the Core Bundle and the Bundle of Authorities. It
was only eight days later, on 17 February 2004, that the cargo owners wrote to
the shipowners alleging for the first time that as the latter had failed to
obtain leave of court before filing their notice of appeal, there was, in
fact, no appeal. The cargo owners contended that the failure to obtain such
leave was fatal to the appeal. They said that without leave, there could be no
appeal. Thus the notice of appeal should properly be withdrawn. This was the
backdrop to the two motions before us.

**Nature of the orders**

10 The fundamental question, which would be determinative of the first motion,
related to the true nature of the orders made by the judge. Did they amount to
an order “refusing to strike out an action or a pleading or a part of a
pleading” within the meaning of s 34(2)(d) of the SCJA?

11 To answer that question, it would be expedient to bear in mind the reliefs
sought by the cargo owners in their summons in chambers: see [5] above. Quite
clearly, they wanted an extension of time to file and serve their statement of
claim out of time. Further, and in the alternative, if due to inaction on
their part for such a long period the case should fall within the ambit of O
21 r 2(6), they beseeched this court, in exercise of its discretionary power
under O 21 r 2(8), to reinstate the action.

12 When the application came before the assistant registrar, no arguments
pertaining to the merits of the claim were made. The arguments centred
squarely on the two main points, namely, whether the court should exercise its
discretion to extend time to enable the cargo owners to file and serve the
statement of claim out of time and whether, if automatic discontinuance had
set in, to reinstate the action. It is true that the assistant registrar, in
refusing the reliefs prayed for, also ordered that the statement of claim
already filed be struck out. But it was clear that by so ordering, the
assistant registrar did not mean to suggest that the statement of claim was
struck out as having no merits or being an abuse of process. He meant to say
that the statement of claim should not have been filed and it should not,
therefore, remain on the record, or, in his words, he saw no point in leaving
the statement of claim “floating around”. Instead of saying that it was struck
out, he could very well have said that the statement of claim be removed from
the record.

13 Thus, when the matter came on appeal to the judge in chambers, who, in such
circumstances, exercised a confirmatory jurisdiction (see _Herbs and Spices
Trading Post Pte Ltd v Deo Silver (Pte) Ltd_ [1990] SLR 1234 and _Lassiter Ann
Masters v To Keng Lam_ [2004] SGCA 10), she reheard the arguments of the
parties in relation to the application made in the summons in chambers. Like
the assistant registrar, she did not hear any arguments on the merits of the
claim. But, unlike the assistant registrar, the judge came to the conclusion
that although the statement of claim was filed and served out of time on 18
March 2003, this failure constituted only an irregularity. In any event, this
filing and serving of the statement of claim was a step taken in the action
and in view of this, O 21 r 2(6) had not been activated as 20 March 2002 to 18
March 2003 was just short of one year. The judge then proceeded to consider
the reasons advanced by the cargo owners as to why the statement of claim was
not filed within the prescribed time. This was what she said in relation to
the explanation offered (at [12] and [13]):

Mr Robinson explained that it was not unusual for parties to agree to solve
the salvage claim before the main cargo claim. A protective writ was issued
since the defendants [the shipowners] refused their request to extend suit
time. The salvage claim took some time to resolve. The salvors had problems
getting up their claim. …. Eventually, the arbitration in London involving the
bills of lading in this action was settled amongst the defendants as
shipowners, salvors and the plaintiffs as cargo interests on 17 February 2003.
…

The delay was the result of a decision to await the outcome of the salvors’
arbitration, as the plaintiffs had wanted to quantify the indemnity sought by
them in the present action. The decision to wait may not have been justified
as the cargo claim in Singapore could still proceed without quantification of
the claim for salvage indemnity. Right or wrong, that was the course adopted
and the decision could not in the circumstances be viewed as a manifest
intention not to advance the cargo claim or that the plaintiffs were sleeping
on the case.

14 As the judge did not think that to regularise the statement of claim filed
by extending time would cause any real prejudice to the shipowners, she
accordingly granted the extension asked for. She felt that not to grant an
extension of time here would be “a drastic and disproportionate response in
the circumstances of the particular breach and would give the [shipowners] an
unjustified tactical advantage and windfall” (at [18]). She also ordered that
the statement of claim was to “stand as served on 18 March 2003”.

15 In other words, what the judge below decided was that she would exercise
her discretion in granting an extension of time for the cargo owners to file
their statement of claim out of time, and, by virtue of this extension, the
irregularity in the filing and serving of the statement of claim was put
right.

16 However, the way in which the cargo owners perceived the orders of the
judge was this. They said that the judge, by granting the extension of time to
regularise the filing and service of the pleading, was in effect refusing to
strike out the statement of claim. Therefore, the judge having refused to so
strike out the statement of claim, had made a decision falling squarely within
s 34(2)(d) of the SCJA. It was not necessary that there must be a formal
application to specifically strike out the statement of claim. The whole
object of s 34(2), which had other limbs too, of requiring leave of court, was
to sieve out non-serious and unmeritorious appeals.

17 It was not in dispute that if leave was required and not obtained, then the
notice of appeal would not be valid. This court had previously in _Rank Xerox
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 73 at 76, [10]
ruled that a failure to obtain leave is a matter that goes to jurisdiction and
is not something that can be waived by the parties.

**Was there really a decision not to strike out?**

18 Could it be said that the judge, in exercising her discretion to extend
time to enable the cargo owners to file their statement of claim out of time
and to allow the statement of claim already filed on 18 March 2003 to stand,
had refused to strike out a statement of claim? The cargo owners urged this
court to view the matter bearing in mind the orders made by the assistant
registrar. In our opinion, this would be wrong. The orders made by the
assistant registrar should have no bearing at all since they had been set
aside by the judge in the exercise of her confirmatory jurisdiction. What was
the nature or effect of the orders made by the judge should be apparent from
the orders themselves. But, if the orders were at all unclear, reference
should then be made to the prayers in the application concerned.

19 When so viewed, the nature of the orders made by the judge was quite clear.
First, the judge extended the time within which the statement of claim should
be filed by the cargo owners. Second, and in consequence of the first order,
the judge allowed the statement of claim already filed on 18 March 2003 to
remain. Of course, the judge could have declared that the statement of claim
filed and served on 18 March 2003 was of no effect and directed that a fresh
statement of claim be filed and served forthwith or within a reasonable time
thereafter. If the judge had taken this course, there could be no argument
whatsoever that it would not be a case of the judge refusing to strike out a
statement of claim. Instead, being practical, the judge treated the earlier
statement of claim as having been properly filed and served. We could not see
why the adoption of this sensible approach should change the nature of the
orders.

20 Therefore, we do not see how it could truly be asserted that the judge
refused to strike out the statement of claim. It is true that s 34(2)(d) of
the SCJA does not elaborate on what would constitute or amount to a refusal to
strike out a statement of claim. But this is addressed in O 18 r 19(1) of the
ROC which provides that:

The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

21 From this rule, it would be seen that the process of striking out is meant
to be a simple and quick way of enabling a defendant to have a wholly
unmeritorious claim be disposed of instead of having to waste time through a
trial. Such a summary relief could be based on any of the grounds listed. It
is trite law that the court will only make such an order in very clear cases
because it would effectively deny the plaintiff or claimant his day in court.
And if the judge should refuse the relief, it makes absolute sense that there
should be no automatic right of appeal, as otherwise, a process which is
intended to be short and simple will turn out to be long-drawn. Instead of a
case coming up to the Court of Appeal once after trial, it could come up
twice, rendering negative the very purpose of a quick solution. This is really
the policy behind s 34(2)(d) of the SCJA and O 18 r 19 of the ROC.

22 In the present case, Ang J was not dealing with any arguments that the
statement of claim should be struck out because it disclosed no reasonable
cause of action or that it amounted to an abuse of process or the like.

23 In the result, we held that the orders of Ang J were not orders refusing to
strike out a statement of claim. They were really interlocutory orders which
would come under s 34(1)(c) of the SCJA where an appeal could only be brought
if the judge certifies, on an application made within seven days, that he or
she requires no further arguments. In the present case, this condition was
complied with by the shipowners. Accordingly, the appeal was properly brought.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

