Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sutanto Henny v Suriani Tani also known as Li Yu and Another  
[2004] SGHC 7

Case Number | : | Suit 275/2003/F, RA 269/2003/S  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Mun Hooi and Wong Nan Shee (Lee Mun Hooi and Co) for plaintiff; Julian Tay Wei Loong (Lee and Lee) for second defendant   
Parties | : |  Sutanto Henny — Suriani Tani also known as Li Yu; Chandra Suwandi t/a M/s Global Standard Marketing   
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Cheques – Whether cheques
were drawn by agent with principal's authority – Whether there was sufficient
consideration – Whether non-presentment for payment precluded holder from
suing.  
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Whether the plaintiff's claim is hopeless or
unarguable.  
  

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff arising from a decision of Assistant
Registrar Dawn Tan allowing the second defendant’s application to strike out
the plaintiff’s claim as disclosing no reasonable cause of action, or as being
frivolous and vexatious or an abuse of process. I allowed the plaintiff’s
appeal. The second defendant has on 4 November 2003 appealed against my
decision.

2 The facts of the case are comparatively short. The plaintiff is Henny
Sutanto (“Sutanto”) and the first defendant is Suriani Tani, also known as Li
Yu (“Suriani”). The latter is the sister-in-law of the second defendant,
Chandra Suwandi (“Chandra”). Chandra is the owner of a sole proprietorship,
Global Standard Marketing (“Global”). Sutanto had from time to time made loans
to Suriani in the total sum of $670,000. In purported partial repayment of the
loans, Suriani gave Sutanto five cheques. Two of the cheques for the total sum
of $150,000 were apparently drawn on Suriani’s account. The other three
cheques for a total sum of $515,000 were drawn on Global’s account with United
Overseas Bank Limited, Bukit Timah branch (“UOB account”). The three UOB
cheques are: no 281249 dated 26 December 2001; no 021297 dated 26 January 2002
and no 021300 dated 30 January 2002.

3 The three UOB cheques were not presented for payment on their respective due
dates. According to Sutanto, she did not present the UOB cheques for payment
as she was told by Suriani not to do so. During the proceedings, it transpired
that Suriani had on or before 28 January 2002 placed a stop payment notice on
all three cheques drawn on Global’s UOB account. In this action, the plaintiff
as holder of the three UOB cheques is suing the second defendant as drawer.

4 On 9 May 2003, Sutanto obtained default judgment against Suriani.

5 The circumstances under which a court will strike out a claim under O 18 r
19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) have been discussed in
many authorities (see _The Osprey_ [2000] 1 SLR 281; _Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra
Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 798). As this is a summary process, the legal
position is that the power should only be used in “plain and obvious cases”
where the claim is simply unarguable.

6 On the striking out of an action as disclosing no reasonable cause of
action, the Court of Appeal in _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_
[1998] 1 SLR 374 held that as long as the statement of claim disclosed some
cause of action, or raised some question fit to be decided at trial, the
action should not be struck out. The fact that a case is weak and is not
likely to succeed is not a ground for striking out. As for the words
“frivolous and vexatious”, they have been interpreted to mean actions which
are “obviously unsustainable” or “wrong” (see _Singapore Court Practice 2003_
(LexisNexis, 2003) at 538).

7 Applying the well-accepted principles explained in the authorities in
relation to striking out hopeless cases, I am not convinced that it is
sufficiently clear at this stage of the proceedings that, as a matter of fact
and law, there is no legal basis to sue the second defendant. The facts upon
which the legal basis is founded are not yet established. Depending upon how
the evidence emerges at trial, the claim may not be made out, but at this
stage, I cannot say that it is hopeless or unarguable.

8 Counsel for the second defendant, Mr Julian Tay, argues that the second
defendant is not the drawer of the three UOB cheques as he was not the
signatory. Therefore, the plaintiff has no cause of action against the second
defendant. A “drawer” has been defined as “the person who signs a bill of
exchange giving an order to another person, the drawee, to pay the amount
mentioned therein” (see _Thomson’s Dictionary of Banking_ , (11th Ed, 1965) at
231). Section 23(1) of the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) provides that no person shall be liable as drawer, indorser or acceptor
of a bill who has not signed it as such.

9 I was not persuaded by counsel’s submission. Whilst it is not disputed that
it was Suriani who had signed the three UOB cheques, the second defendant
could be sued as drawer if the UOB cheques were signed on his behalf. The
plaintiff would have the right to enforce payment through or under that
signature. Section 26(2) of the Act provides that in determining whether a
signature on a bill is that of the principal or that of the agent by whose
hand it is written, the construction most favourable to the validity of the
instrument is to be adopted.

10 The name of Global as the account holder was printed on the UOB cheques.
Suriani was an authorised signatory on the UOB account and was allowed to sign
cheques on behalf of the second defendant in her own name. It is not possible
to tell from the UOB cheques if Suriani’s authority to sign was limited. The
agreement contained in the Mandate Application dated 6 July 1998 empowered
Suriani to draw and sign cheques and she was also empowered to “act as fully
and effectually for all intents and purposes as ... [Chandra] could if
personally present and acting in the transactions aforesaid”. There was also
Chandra’s acknowledgement in the Mandate Application that any authorised
signatory’s acts are his.

11 The real issue then is whether Suriani had authority to draw the three UOB
cheques and whether they were delivered to the plaintiff with the second
defendant’s authority. Of relevance is also the question, especially in
today’s commercial context, whether the apparently unqualified signature of
Suriani is capable of constituting the second defendant the drawer of the UOB
cheques. These questions can only be properly considered and decided after all
the evidence has been given at the trial.

12 The three UOB cheques were given to Sutanto as part payment of the loans.
Sutanto said she did not know that Suriani had no authority to draw the UOB
cheques. Chandra stated in his affidavit, by way of submission rather than
facts in evidence, that Sutanto knew or ought to have known that Suriani had
no authority to draw the UOB cheques. He also asserted that Suriani had no
authority to use the UOB account for her personal matters. There was no
allegation that the use of the UOB cheques was a fraud on the second
defendant. There was no explanation as to why Suriani told Sutanto not to
present the cheques for payment and why Suriani herself gave a stop payment
notice to UOB on 28 January 2002. The intention of the signatory is of
importance, and it will have to be determined by extrinsic evidence. No
evidence on such matters was before me.

13 The second defendant’s other contention is that he has had no dealings with
the plaintiff and he did not borrow money from the plaintiff. In short, there
was no consideration for the three UOB cheques (see s 27(1) of the Act).

14 The three cheques were post-dated. This is evident from the tenor of para
10 of the plaintiff’s affidavit affirmed on 16 June 2003 and from the stop
payment notice to UOB. That notice identified all three cheques, one of which
had a date that is later than the date of the stop payment notice. When a
cheque has been post-dated, in the absence of express evidence, it is possible
to imply a promise to forbear from claiming the debt from the drawer until the
date of the post-dated cheque. That forbearance is sufficient consideration.
Where the debt or liability is that of a third party (_ie_ Suriani), the
matter is a question of evidence.

15 By s 30(1) of the Act, every party whose signature appears on a bill is
_prima facie_ deemed to have become a party thereto for value. If the second
defendant is held to be the drawer, then the effect of this presumption is to
shift the burden of proof from the plaintiff who relies on the post-dated
cheques to the second defendant.

16 Another point raised is that the drawer is discharged from liability, as
the plaintiff had not presented the UOB cheques for payment (see s 45 of the
Act). Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Lee Mun Hooi, argues that the need for
presentation was waived expressly or impliedly as the plaintiff was told not
to present the UOB cheques for payment. A notice of dishonour was not
required, as the drawer had countermanded payment.

17 Mr Lee relied on the case of _Ng Kim Lek v Wee Hock Chye_ [1971] 1 MLJ 148.
In that case one of the cheques was not presented for payment at the request
of the defendant. The court held that the plaintiff was not precluded from
suing on it. Mr Tay did not refer me to any authority disapproving or
distinguishing _Ng Kim Lek v Wee Hock Chye_.

18 Mr Lee contends that in any case the plaintiff is nonetheless a holder in
due course. Mr Tay submits that although a payee is included in the definition
of a “holder”, a payee is not a holder in due course. A holder in due course,
under s 29(1) of the Act, is a person to whom a bill has been negotiated; and
negotiation under s 31 of the Act requires transfer by negotiation. For the
same reasons, the plaintiff also cannot rely on the presumption of a holder in
due course under s 30(2) of the Act because she was the person to whom the
bill was originally delivered and in whose possession it remained. Mr Tay
referred me to _Byles on Bills of Exchange and Cheques_ (27th Ed, 2002) at 246
[19-08] to support his contentions.

19 Mr Lee in response referred me to the _dictum_ of Fletcher Moulton LJ in
_Lloyd’s Bank, Limited v Cooke_ [1907] 1 KB 794 at 807–808:

I next find that in s 30, sub-s 2, of the Act it is provided that “every
holder of a bill is prima facie deemed to be a holder in due course,” and
that, if it is wished to dislodge him from that position, it must be [shown]
that there has been fraud or some other like circumstance in connection with
the bill before it reached his hands, and even this only shifts the burden of
proof and makes it incumbent on him to prove that he gave value in good faith.

These provisions specifically give to the payee the prima facie status of a
“holder in due course,” and, if he can [show] that value has in good faith
been given by him for the bill, that prima facie status cannot be displaced.

It is suggested, however, that these conclusions are negatived by the language
of s 29, sub-s 1, which states the conditions under which a person is a
“holder in due course.” I can find nothing in the language of that sub-section
which throws any doubt on the view that “holder in due course” would include a
payee who has given value in good faith, unless we are to construe the word
“negotiated” as being merely equivalent to “indorsed”. But, when the
definition of “negotiation” given by s 31, sub-s 1, is looked at, it appears
clear that the Legislature intended to make it apply also to the original
operation of transferring the bill to the payee. It lays down that “a bill is
negotiated when it is transferred from one person to another in such a manner
as to constitute the transferee the holder of the bill.” It carefully abstains
from prescribing that the transferor must be a “holder.” All that is necessary
to constitute “negotiation” of the bill is that it should have been
transferred from one person to another in such a manner as to constitute the
transferee the “holder of the bill,” i.e. – if we replace “holder” by its
definition in the Act – “payee or indorsee who is in possession of the bill.”
A cheque, therefore, payable to a particular person, which is handed by the
drawer to that person for value, would be “negotiated” within the meaning of
the Act.

20 It was not brought to my attention at the hearing that the _dictum_ of
Fletcher Moulton LJ was in fact disapproved in the later decision of _R E
Jones, Limited v Waring and Gillow, Limited_ [1926] AC 670. This remiss is
unsatisfactory as the _dictum_ was an added reason for ruling in the
plaintiff’s favour.

21 Be that as it may, I have already mentioned the other features of the case
where I have said that the evidence adduced did not permit a resolution of the
arguments by summary disposal of the claim. It seems to me that once it
appears that there is a real question to be determined, whether of fact or law
or both, and that the rights of the parties depend upon it, then it is not
appropriate for the court to strike out the action as disclosing no reasonable
cause of action, or as being frivolous and vexatious or an abuse of process.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

