Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd v Projector SA  
[2004] SGHC 179

Case Number | : | Suit 1164/2003, SIC 7420/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Werner Tsu (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiff; Govindarajalu Asokan and Kelvin Poon (Rodyk and Davidson) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd — Projector SA   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Defendant seeking costs of application
– Merits of substantive action yet to be finally decided at trial – Whether
costs of application should be determined at this stage  
  
Civil Procedure – Damages – Defendant seeking inquiry as to possible damages
sustained by reason of interim mandatory injunction – Merits of substantive
action yet to be finally decided at trial – Whether inquiry as to damages
should be undertaken at this stage  
  
Injunctions – Mandatory injunction – Interim mandatory injunction granted to
plaintiff to compel defendants to secure release of vessel -Defendant
subsequently objecting to granting of injunction on grounds of existing
triable issues to be determined at trial – Factors to consider when granting
interim mandatory injunctions  
  

16 August 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff is Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd. The writ of
summons in this action was issued on 28 November 2003 to enforce the
plaintiffs’ rights under two letters of indemnity dated 16 and 18 July 2003
respectively. On the same day, Tay Yong Kwang J granted _ex parte_ an interim
mandatory injunction against the defendant, Projector SA (“the interim
order”). The interim order provided that the defendant, _inter alia_ , secure
the release from arrest of the vessel _Dynamic Express_ by payment into court
in South Korea of approximately US$2.6m in respect of gas oil shipped under
bills of lading nos DMEXP-A and KAKR-001.

2 Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd (“Mitsui”), as disponent owner of _Dynamic Express_ ,
time chartered the vessel to the plaintiff who in turn entered into a voyage
sub-charter with the defendant on 3 July 2003 for the carriage of gas oil from
Taiwan to South Korea. As the originals of bills of lading nos DMEXP-A,
DMEXP-B and DMEXP-01 and KAKR-001 had not arrived at the discharge port, the
defendant requested the plaintiff to deliver the gas oil to Petaco Petroleum
Inc (“Petaco”) without production of the originals bills of lading. The
plaintiff acceded to the defendant’s request in exchange for two letters of
indemnity dated 16 and 18 July 2003 (“the LOI”). The gas oil was released to
Petaco at the port of Pyongtaek, South Korea. The bank creditors of Petaco
arrested the _Dynamic Express_ in Daeson, South Korea, on 21 November 2003 for
loss and damage suffered by reason of the delivery of gas oil to Petaco
without production of the original copy of bills of lading nos DMEXP-A and
KAKR-001.

3 The basis of the plaintiff’s application before Tay J, as it was before me,
was that the defendant had not, contrary to the LOI, provided security to
secure the release from arrest of the vessel _Dynamic Express_. The plaintiff
wanted the defendant to furnish the necessary security to the registered
owners of _Dynamic Express_ so that the plaintiff itself need not provide it.
The purpose of the LOI was to achieve this.

4 On 2 December 2003, the defendant filed an application to discharge the
interim order. It denied being in breach of the LOI. Under cl 4 of the LOI,
the defendant agreed to provide, but only on demand, bail or the security as
might be required to prevent the arrest or detention or to secure the release
of the vessel from arrest. Security or bail was furnished within a reasonable
time of the plaintiff’s demand. Furthermore, there was no obligation to
indemnify the plaintiff in respect of any loss, damage or expense caused by
such arrest or detention, as the plaintiff had suffered no loss. There was no
obligation under cl 5 of the LOI to produce and deliver the originals bills of
lading until the defendant had them in their possession.

5 The plaintiff’s demand to post bail by way of a cash deposit was made on 27
November 2003. This demand was received on 28 November 2003, which was the
same day the plaintiff applied and obtained _ex parte_ the interim order. The
defendant submitted that it was entitled to a reasonable time within which to
comply with the demand and such a reasonable time would, at the earliest,
expire on 1 December 2003. As early as 24 November 2003 the plaintiff’s
solicitors, Drew & Napier LLC, were notified in a fax that the defendant would
comply with its contractual obligations under the LOI. The plaintiff’s
application for an interim injunction was thus unnecessary and decidedly
premature.

6 The thrust of the defendant’s argument was that the other written
communications from Drew & Napier LLC on behalf of the plaintiff calling the
defendant to meet its LOI obligations did not constitute a demand of the kind
envisaged by cl 4 of the LOI. For instance, the first fax dated 21 November
2003, which the defendant passed on to its London office on 24 November 2003,
did not specify the form of security required to prevent an arrest of the
vessel. Drew & Napier LLC sent two further faxes both dated 24 November 2003.
The defendant was told that, under South Korean law and practice, a preferred
guarantor would be a first class international bank with a presence in South
Korea. The defendant duly worked towards furnishing this form of security with
the assistance of its lawyers in South Korea and their counterparts
representing the arresting party. This form of security was rejected on 27
November 2003. The defendant’s anticipation of an alternative proposal, that
Mitsui provide security directly to the arresting party and that the defendant
in turn counter-secure Mitsui, did not materialise. Instead, Mitsui’s lawyers
asked the defendant to post cash bail. Counsel for the defendant, Mr
Govindarajalu Asokan, submitted that the defendant’s efforts were in keeping
with the promises made under the LOI. He argued that security was furnished
pursuant to the LOI, and not because of the interim order.

7 Mr Werner Tsu, for the plaintiff, explained that the _ex parte_ application
was founded on the defendant’s breach of the LOI. The defendant had not
secured the release of the vessel for arrest as it was required to under the
LOI. His point was that the defendant posted the security only after the
interim order was obtained. Prior to that, the defendant had failed to respond
to the plaintiff’s demands to comply with the LOI. The defendant was given
ample notice (some three weeks) of the impending claims from the South Korean
banks but did nothing to prevent the arrest of the _Dynamic Express_. The
first demand was sent as early as 6 November 2003. The defendant was tardy and
ineffectual in its responses both as to preventing the vessel’s arrest as well
as to securing her release from arrest. Contrary to Mr Asokan’s contention, Mr
Tsu argued that the defendant was aware that it had to put up a cash deposit
as early as 21 November 2003. M/s Kim & Chang, who were Mitsui’s lawyers, in
their letter dated 20 November 2003 explained that the only way to lift an
arrest in South Korea was to post a cash deposit equal to the value of the gas
oil plus an uplift of 30–50% for costs and interest. That letter was sent to
the defendant on 21 November 2003. The plaintiff pointed out that it had on no
less than four occasions since the arrest of the vessel on 24 November 2003
informed the defendant that, barring a satisfactory response, the plaintiff
would be applying for an injunction.

8 The contest as to whether the interim order should have been granted centred
on whether or not the defendant had breached its obligations under cll 4 and 5
of the LOI. The defendant, in its written submissions, recognised that this
primary issue had to be determined at trial. In its action, the plaintiff
sought various declarations and specific performance of the terms of the LOI.
One declaration was that the defendant should indemnify and hold harmless the
plaintiff in respect of any liability, loss or damages of whatsoever nature
(whether direct or indirect) on account of the delivery of gas oil to Petaco
at the defendant’s request as well as for the arrest of _Dynamic Express_. In
addition, the plaintiff also sought an inquiry and an account to be taken to
ascertain the amounts so due and payable by the defendant to the plaintiff.
Alternatively, the plaintiff sought damages against the defendant for breach
of the LOI.

9 A determination of the primary issue will also answer the question whether
or not the plaintiff acted reasonably in seeking interlocutory relief on 28
November 2003 and whether the interim order was rightly or wrongly obtained.
The defendant suggested that the plaintiff had acted in bad faith when it
sought the interim order. In my view, the factual issues raised and argued by
the parties, the determination of which the rights of the parties depend on,
are best reserved to the trial judge. They cannot be justly dealt with at this
_inter partes_ hearing without permitting the defendant the right of trial and
the court the opportunity to go into the full merits of the case. It is not a
matter of simply deciding whether _Tomongo Shipping Co Ltd v Heng Holdings SEA
(Pte) Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR 550 was rightly decided.

10 So as not to be misunderstood, I am not agreeing with Mr Asokan that the
interim order should not have been granted because of the existence of triable
issues that have to be fully considered and determined at trial. All cases on
interlocutory relief emphasise that the primary consideration of the court is
to find the course that is likely to involve the lower risk of injustice if it
turns out to be “wrong” at the trial. The Court of Appeal in _Singapore Press
Holdings Ltd v Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 151 reaffirmed what it
said in _Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [1992]
2 SLR 729 at 743, [89], that the strength of a party’s case is neither a
necessary nor sufficient condition for the grant of an interlocutory mandatory
injunction. The existence of triable issues is a factor to consider when
deciding on the course to take. Other factors such as the conduct of the
parties and whether damages are an adequate remedy have to be considered. This
“merits” threshold is a guide designed to take into account the fact that the
grant of an interlocutory mandatory injunction may involve a greater risk of
injustice if it turns out to have been wrongly granted; and the fact that the
greater the degree of assurance that the plaintiff will succeed, the less the
risk of injustice to the defendant. If the court does not feel assured that
the plaintiff will establish its rights at trial, there can still be
circumstances when it will be appropriate to grant an interlocutory mandatory
injunction. This will be where the risk of injustice if the interlocutory
mandatory injunction is refused outweighs the injustice if it is granted.

11 I was, in the circumstances, reluctant to go into the whole question of the
way in which Tay J exercised his discretion based on all the affidavits filed.
An assessment of the primary issue could not be satisfactorily entertained at
an interlocutory stage on untested material. I was mindful that with a
continuation of the interim order the action could end in the plaintiff’s
favour without permitting the defendant the right of trial. Nevertheless, I
was able to approach the defendant’s application in another way. Had that
option not been available, it might have been appropriate to adjourn the
application to the trial judge. An adjournment, on balance, would avoid
injustice to either party. It would also avoid revisiting the same issues at
the trial, and would be in the interest of sparing court’s resources and costs
that should be saved and could still be saved by not dealing with the
application at the _inter partes_ hearing. As I said, I need not have to go
down that route.

12 When the matter came up for hearing before me, security for the release of
the vessel had already been deposited with the South Korean courts. The risk
of injustice if the interlocutory relief was granted or refused, which Tay J
had to weigh at the time of the plaintiff’s application, had all but
disappeared. The vessel has since been released. I was of the view that the
interim order was no longer necessary and should therefore be discharged. On
that footing, it is clearly open to the defendant to contend at the trial that
the interim order ought not to have been granted in the first place as there
was no breach of the LOI.

13 Accordingly, I discharged the injunction on the condition that the money
deposited with the South Korean courts was to be retained to abide by the
outcome of the proceedings in South Korea. I imposed the condition for two
reasons. First, it was not free from doubt that the security could not be
withdrawn. Second, Mr Asokan informed the court of the defendant’s willingness
to leave the security in place, but he had no instructions to give an
undertaking to the court that if the interim injunction were to be discharged
the security would not be withdrawn.

14 I reserved prayers 3 (inquiry as to damages) and 5 (costs) of the
defendant’s application to the trial judge. I also granted each party a
general liberty to apply in connection with the orders made.

15 Upon discharge of the interim order, the court has discretion whether or
not to enforce the undertaking in damages. In this case, it was appropriate to
reserve prayer 3 (inquiry as to damages) to the trial judge. A proper time to
consider prayer 3 is when the merits of the action have been finally decided
at trial. It is convenient to mention that two questions usually arise when a
defendant seeks to enforce an undertaking in damages. The first question is
whether the undertaking should be enforced at all. The answer depends on the
circumstances in which the order was obtained and the success or otherwise of
a plaintiff at the trial. If the first question is answered in favour of the
defendant, the next question is whether the defendant has suffered any damage
from the granting of the interlocutory injunction: _per_ Lloyd LJ in
_Financiera Avenida SA v Shiblaq_ [1991] TLR 21.

16 I reserved costs of the application to the trial judge as an order for
costs at this stage was not the correct order to make. Although some of the
costs incurred were referable to the instant application, it was impossible to
reach a proper view as to what portion of the costs was attributable to the
interim dispute and what portion to the general dispute in the substantive
action between the parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

