Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Somerset Investments Pte Ltd (formerly known as Liang Court Pte Ltd) v Far
East Technology International Ltd (formerly known as Far East Holdings
International Ltd)  
[2004] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | Suit 1411/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Paul Wong and Jonathan Seng (Rodyk and Davidson) for plaintiff; Chia Foon Yeow (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Somerset Investments Pte Ltd (formerly known as Liang Court Pte Ltd) — Far East Technology International Ltd (formerly known as Far East Holdings International Ltd)   
  
Contract – Collateral contracts – Whether collateral contract existing –
Whether breach of collateral contract avoided liability under guarantee  
  
Contract – Consideration – Guarantee given pursuant to contract – Certificate
of demand deemed conclusive – Whether manifest errors in certificate rendered
demand under guarantee void  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Distress for rent – Writ of distress – Whether execution
therof terminated tenancy  
  

10 May 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The plaintiff is the landlord of the shopping complex known as Liang Court
located along River Valley Road. The defendant is an investment company listed
on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. The defendant’s wholly-owned subsidiary,
RFC Far East Limited, acquired a franchise for the Rainforest Café (a theme
restaurant) in various countries in Asia from Rainforest Inc in Minnesota,
USA.

2 The plaintiff claimed the sum of $2,616,810 or such sum as may be found due
from the defendant under a guarantee dated 15 April 1999. The guarantee arose
out of a tenancy granted by the plaintiff to RFC Far East Café Pte Ltd (“the
tenant”), a Singapore company wholly owned by the franchise holder, RFC Far
East Limited, for the setting up of the Rainforest Café here. The tenancy
agreement dated 15 April 1999 provided for a tenancy term of six years. The
tenant was to pay a fixed basic monthly rent of $65,318.25 and a turnover rent
component equivalent to 4% of the tenant’s gross sales. Alternatively, the
rent was to be 9% of the tenant’s gross sales, whichever was higher. The
tenant placed a deposit amounting to three months’ rent with the plaintiff.

3 The tenancy comprised premises on the ground level of Liang Court with a
staircase leading up to much larger premises on the second level. Part of the
tenanted premises was carved out from the premises of the then anchor tenant,
Daimaru Departmental Store (“Daimaru”). In line with the concept of the theme
restaurant – “A wild place to shop and eat” – the ground level was used as a
reception area and retail section while the second level housed the
restaurant. The retail section sold merchandise carrying the Rainforest Café
theme. Customers intending to dine at the restaurant had to pass by the retail
section. The premises were elaborately fitted out as a rainforest with robotic
animals. As the restaurant was situated in a corner of Liang Court, the
plaintiff agreed to create greater visibility for the restaurant by allowing
the tenant to have fittings extending beyond the tenanted premises. The tenant
therefore built an overhanging giant mushroom as part of its roof structure
and had an artificial pond with a robotic crocodile and an area for live birds
in the plaintiff’s lobby.

4 The extensive fitting-out works for the theme restaurant were projected to
cost some $6m to $7m. As the restaurant was expected to help pull in the
crowds, thereby benefiting the shopping complex, the plaintiff agreed to be
“partners” in the setting up of the restaurant by contributing towards its
fitting-out costs. To this end, cl 2.7A.1 of the tenancy agreement provided as
follows:

[T]he works to be undertaken by the Landlord [the plaintiff] in respect of the
Demised Premises shall only be as set out in paragraph (I) in the Third
Schedule (the “Landlord’s Works”). The Landlord shall contribute the sum of up
to Singapore Dollars Three Million and Two Hundred Thousand (S$3,200,000) (the
“Landlord’s Contribution”) towards the Landlord’s Works and Tenants Works for
the Demised Premises (collectively called “the Works”). Out of the Landlord’s
contribution, the sum of Singapore Dollars Two Hundred Fifty Thousand
(S$250,000.00) shall be used by the Landlord to carry out the Landlord’s
Works. The balance sum of up to Singapore Dollars Two Million Nine Hundred
Fifty Thousand (S$2,950,000) shall be for the Tenant’s fitting out works as
set out in paragraph (II) in the Third Schedule (the “Tenant’s Works”) and
shall be paid to the Tenant upon the written certification of the duly
authorised Quantity Surveyor (“the QS”) in charge of the Works towards 55%
only of every progress claims until the balance sum of the Landlord’s
Contribution is fully drawn down.

5 The plaintiff’s contribution was therefore in two parts. One was to be a
fixed sum of $250,000 for the Landlord’s Works while the balance was to be a
sum of up to $2,950,000 for the Tenant’s Works. The plaintiff intended to
recoup its financial outlay in the restaurant from the turnover rent to be
collected.

6 In consideration of this financial commitment by the plaintiff, the
defendant provided the plaintiff a guarantee to secure its contribution in the
event of a breach of the tenancy agreement by the tenant. Clause 1 of the
guarantee was in the following terms:

In consideration of the grant by LIANG COURT PTE LTD (hereinafter called “the
Landlord”) to RFC FAR EAST CAFÉ PTE LTD (hereinafter called “the Tenant”) of a
tenancy of 177, River Valley Road, #01-40A and #02-48 Liang Court Singapore
179030 (hereinafter called “the Premises”) pursuant to the Tenancy Agreement
dated 15th April 1999 made between the Landlord of the one part and the Tenant
of the other part (hereinafter called “the Agreement”) and in further
consideration of the Landlord agreeing to contribute the sum of up to
Singapore Dollars Three Million and Two Hundred Thousand only (S$3,200,000.00)
towards the Works, as defined and in the manner set out in the Agreement (the
“Landlord’s Contribution”), we FAR EAST HOLDINGS INTERNATIONAL LTD
(hereinafter called “the Guarantor”) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
covenant to pay to the Landlord on demand in writing made by the Landlord, the
sum equivalent to the actual amount disbursed by the Landlord from the
Landlord’s Contribution towards the Works (as defined in the Agreement) under
clause 2.7A.1 of the Agreement less the aggregate of the Turnover Rent as
defined in clause 2.1.1 of the Agreement (ie 4% of the Tenant’s Gross Sales)
as may have been paid by the Tenant to the Landlord prior to the expiry or
sooner determination of the Term (as defined in the Agreement), whichever is
earlier, plus interest thereon at 8% per annum calculated on a monthly rests
basis from the date of the first release of the Landlord’s Contribution or any
part thereof until the date of payment by the Guarantor to the Landlord under
this Guarantee, and all reasonable legal and other costs, charges and expenses
of whatever nature which the Landlord may incur in enforcing or seeking to
enforce payment of all or any part of the monies hereby guaranteed until full
payment is received after as well as before judgment has been obtained
thereof, provided always that no such demand in writing as aforesaid shall be
made by the Landlord unless:

(a) the Tenant is in breach of the Agreement; or

(b) the tenancy is terminated prior to the expiry of the Term …

7 Clause 10 of the guarantee provided:

A certificate by the Landlord as to any sum payable to it under this Guarantee
and any other certificate, determination, notification or opinion of the
Landlord, provided for in this Guarantee, shall be (in the absence of any
manifest error or fraud) final and conclusive of the matters so certified and
be binding upon the Guarantor.

8 The guarantee also stipulated a three-month period within which a demand
must be made. Clause 13 provided:

The Guarantee shall not be revocable and shall remain effective from the date
hereof and shall continue until three (3) months after the expiry of the Term
(as defined in the Agreement) or until three (3) months after the sooner
determination for any reason whatsoever of the tenancy before the expiry of
the Term (as defined in the Agreement), whichever shall be the earlier date
(hereinafter called “the validity period”). Where no written demand has been
made by the Landlord under this Guarantee during the validity period, after
the validity period, the Guarantor’s liability hereunder shall automatically
cease notwithstanding that this Guarantee is not returned to the Guarantor for
cancellation.

9 The theme restaurant opened its doors for business in April 2000. However,
it could not meet its financial obligations to the plaintiff and began
defaulting in the payment of rent. Some two years later, on 27 June 2002, when
the arrears in rent amounted to more than $300,000, the plaintiff executed a
writ of distress over the restaurant and the retail area. The plaintiff also
executed another such writ on unit #02-50A which was used by the tenant as its
office under a separate tenancy agreement. Most of the merchandise in the
retail section was distrained and kept in a storeroom within the tenanted
premises. However, the restaurant was allowed to continue its business in
spite of the execution of the writ of distress. Some tables, chairs and
equipment bore stickers with the Sheriff’s official stamp to indicate the
seizure.

10 On 31 July 2002, a bailiff from the Supreme Court carried out the lotting
process in preparation for an auction sale of the distrained goods. The
tenanted premises were then locked up and the restaurant ceased its business
that day.

11 On 8 August 2002, an auction sale was conducted and the tenant’s goods
seized earlier were sold. That day, the plaintiff re-entered and took
possession of the tenanted premises.

12 On 10 September 2002, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the
defendant enclosing a certificate pursuant to the guarantee indicating a sum
of $2,958,862.92 as the landlord’s contribution less the aggregate turnover
rent. The letter of demand also claimed interest and other expenses.

13 On 25 October 2002, the plaintiff sent another letter of demand to the
defendant stating that the earlier one dated 10 September 2002 was superseded.
The certificate under the guarantee claimed a different amount of $2,616,810
as the landlord’s contribution.

14 The defendant did not comply with the demand and, in November 2002, this
action was commenced.

15 In its re-amended statement of claim, the plaintiff averred that it would
adduce evidence to show that the amount due and owing under the guarantee was
actually $2,838,821.81 and not the amount claimed under the 25 October 2002
letter of demand. The change in the amount claimed was occasioned essentially
by the inclusion of $250,000 for the landlord’s works and increases in the
amount of arrears of rent and in the turnover rent.

16 The defendant resisted the claim on the following grounds:

(a) There was a collateral agreement under which the plaintiff agreed to re-
develop, refurbish or carry out all necessary measures to ensure that there
would be substantial and reputable tenants in Liang Court to attract constant
and sufficient visitors to all shops in the shopping complex, including the
Rainforest Café. In addition, the plaintiff also agreed to co-operate and work
jointly with the defendant for at least the duration of the tenancy to ensure
that both parties could recoup their initial investments in the Rainforest
Café. Since the plaintiff did not comply with its obligations under the
collateral agreement, there was a total failure of consideration for that
agreement and the defendant was entitled to treat the guarantee as void.

(b) It was a condition precedent of the defendant’s liability under the
guarantee that the plaintiff’s landlord’s contribution would be or be close to
$3,200,000. According to the plaintiff’s particulars, only a sum of
$2,475,447.63 was paid for the progress claims and an amount of $250,000 was
expended as the landlord’s contribution. The aggregate of these two amounts
($2,725,447.63) fell short of or was not close to $3,200,000.

(c) It was contrary to the terms of the guarantee for the plaintiff to include
in the sum claimed the amount of $189,260 invoiced by a contractor, Ban Chuan
View Construction and Engineering Pte Ltd (“Ban Chuan View”), and allegedly
paid by the plaintiff on behalf of the tenant. The plaintiff was also not
allowed to set off $249,007.77 as the alleged outstanding rent and interest
thereon against the landlord’s contribution. The defendant denied having
agreed with the plaintiff that these two amounts were to be added to the scope
of liability under the guarantee.

(d) There were manifest errors in the plaintiff’s computation such that the
certificate of 25 October 2002 was not final and conclusive on the amount
owing by the defendant. An amount of $41,600, which the plaintiff had agreed
to absorb as part of the costs of Ban Chuan View, was not taken into account.
The turnover rent paid should be $311,588.32 instead of $271,004.47.

(e) In breach of cl 13 of the guarantee, the plaintiff failed to make a valid
or correct demand within three months of the termination of the tenancy
agreement which was on 27 June 2002, the date of the execution of the writ of
distress.

17 The plaintiff denied that there was a collateral contract as alleged
entered into in consideration of the defendant issuing the guarantee. It also
denied the alleged condition precedent. It averred that the rental arrears
were rightfully set off against the landlord’s contribution and that the
defendant had agreed in writing to include the payment on the Ban Chuan View
invoice as part of the plaintiff’s contribution to the tenant’s works. The
plaintiff said the 25 October 2002 letter of demand was for a sum lower than
the actual amount owing under the guarantee and was a valid demand. It added
that the tenant remained in possession and control of the entire tenanted
premises despite the execution of the writ of distress and that the tenancy
agreement was terminated only on 8 August 2002 and not 27 June 2002. The
letter of demand was therefore within the three-month validity period.

**The decision of the court**

18 Assuming the alleged collateral agreement existed, it was difficult to see
why non-fulfilment of any or all of its terms should render the guarantee
void. No provision for such a draconian result was shown in evidence. The
defendant’s remedy for any breach of its terms would be damages and not
avoidance of the guarantee.

19 In the many discussions and negotiations between the parties’
representatives leading to the tenancy agreement and the guarantee, the only
document relied on for the contention that a collateral agreement existed was
a presentation paper dated 27 March 1998 in which the plaintiff stated its
plans to upgrade Liang Court and to bring in new tenants. That paper was no
more than a marketing tool and was not intended to contain contractual
undertakings. At most, the statements therein would amount to representations
made by the plaintiff.

20 The representations as to the plans to upgrade the shopping complex and to
bring in new tenants were not false. The plaintiff did do upgrading works in
November 2000. The defendant would have liked the plaintiff to do even more,
such as those undertaken at Plaza Singapura, but upgrading is surely a matter
of degree. It could even be argued that extensive upgrading works might
actually discourage visitors because of the attendant dirt and dust and
necessary closure of many portions of the shopping complex while such works
are being carried out. That would definitely affect the business of a
restaurant adversely.

21 The plaintiff also brought in new retail outlets such as Starbucks,
McDonalds, SAFE Superstore, Bossini, B.U.M. Equipment and Charles & Keith.
Admittedly, they did not occupy significantly large premises to qualify them
as anchor or mini-anchor tenants but they definitely were neither
insignificant nor unsubstantial tenants. The defendant alleged, however, that
the plaintiff promised that Dive Restaurant, another theme restaurant
emanating from the USA, would also be a tenant in Liang Court. Dennis Chiu, a
director of both the defendant and the tenant, testified that it was because
of such a representation that he travelled to Los Angeles to see that theme
restaurant for himself.

22 I accepted the plaintiff’s evidence that any talk about Dive Restaurant
related to that restaurant being a possible alternative theme restaurant to
Rainforest Café. The plaintiff could not have promised that Dive Restaurant
would be a tenant as well. If it did, surely questions would have been asked
by the defendant about when that restaurant would be coming in, where it would
be located in Liang Court and how much space it would be taking up. This is
because while Dive Restaurant might add to the atmosphere of theme restaurants
there, it would obviously be a competitor to Rainforest Café as well. The fact
that the defendant led no evidence on such details showed that no such promise
was made by the plaintiff.

23 Dennis Chiu could have decided to visit Dive Restaurant in Los Angeles for
many reasons not related to any such alleged promise. The defendant and the
tenant did not raise the issue of the absence of Dive Restaurant for the
period of more than two years that the Rainforest Café was operating in Liang
Court. What was even more telling was that no protest was made about breaches
of the collateral agreement even after the letter of demand was sent in
October 2002. The defendant’s Hong Kong solicitors raised a number of grounds
for denying liability under the guarantee but breach of the alleged collateral
agreement was not one of them.

24 While increasing human traffic would be of concern to any landlord of a
shopping complex and the plaintiff had its plans for such, it was the
defendant which in July 1998 sought to persuade the plaintiff that it would be
worth its while to contribute $3m towards the fitting-out works for the
Rainforest Café because the theme restaurant had great potential in attracting
human traffic to Liang Court for the parties’ mutual benefit. It was not a
case of a potential tenant wishing to go into the shopping complex only if
there would be increased human traffic. The potential tenant was marketing
itself to the landlord as the crowd-puller.

25 Some feeble protest was also raised by the defendant in evidence about
Daimaru, the then anchor tenant, down-sizing its premises. The defendant
claimed it was not told about this. However, it was patently clear that
Rainforest Café would be occupying part of the premises of Daimaru which the
departmental store would be giving up for the theme restaurant.

26 The other collateral promise alleged was that of co-operating to ensure
that both parties could recoup their investments. The plaintiff mooted the
idea of a “partnership” with the tenant to create a situation beneficial to
both landlord and tenant. It was never meant to be a partnership in the strict
legal sense and the defendant did not allege such. The defendant claimed that
this entailed the landlord being forgiving towards tenants who were unable to
pay their rent on time, as was the plaintiff’s apparent attitude towards the
other tenants in Liang Court.

27 The guarantee was clear in its terms that a demand could be made if there
was a breach of the tenancy agreement. While the plaintiff would be happy to
co-operate with the defendant and the tenant, it would surely be unreasonable
to expect the landlord to keep forgiving the tenant’s failure to meet its
financial obligations especially when, as was the case here, the arrears
exceeded the amount of the deposit held by the landlord. That would not be co-
operation – it would be unilateral sacrifice. It was not as if the plaintiff
was deliberately seeking to destroy the theme restaurant. It would have been
extremely pleased to see it become a huge success as the high turnover rent
would then help it recoup its financial outlay quickly.

28 It was remarkable that the collateral agreement, important as it was to the
defendant and the tenant, was never recorded in writing. On the evidence, I
saw no collateral agreement as alleged and certainly no breach even if there
was such an agreement.

29 The arguments on the alleged condition precedent may be disposed of quite
simply by referring to the unambiguous language of the guarantee. The words
“up to” before the stipulated amount of $3.2m, in their ordinary and natural
meaning, set the maximum contribution that the plaintiff was to make to the
fitting-out works. The final amount contributed by the plaintiff could well be
less than but close to $3.2m but the words did not mean “exactly” or “close
to”. There was the possibility of a cost-overrun or of over-budgeting but the
plaintiff was not to be asked to contribute anything above $3.2m. Similarly,
under the terms of the guarantee, the plaintiff could only recoup the actual
amount contributed less whatever turnover rent it received from the tenant. At
any rate, even if the plaintiff’s actual contribution was only $2.725m out of
$3.2m, that would be 85% of the maximum and it seems to me that 85% is pretty
“close to” 100%.

30 The plaintiff’s final computation of the amount owing by the defendant was
$2,837,821.81 derived in the following manner. The landlord’s contribution to
the tenant’s works comprised $2,475,447.63 (payment of the progress claim),
$189,260 (payment to Ban Chuan View) and $250,886.97 (rental arrears agreed to
be set off) and $249,000 (landlord’s works). From the sum of these four
amounts, the plaintiff deducted $55,768.32 (payment from the tenant) and
$271,004.47 (turnover rent received). The discrepancies in the amount claimed
by the plaintiff were due to the fact that the documents had to be retrieved
from the warehouse and the figures were updated as more documents were
studied. There was also some initial confusion that the amount guaranteed was
$3.2m and not the actual amount contributed by the plaintiff.

31 The summary of claims made by the tenant and the payments made by the
plaintiff[1] showed that the tenant agreed that the payment to Ban Chuan View
and the rental arrears were to be deducted from the landlord’s contribution.
The tenant had claimed a total of $2,938,435 and was paid only $2,475,447,
leaving a balance of almost $463,000. The tenant agreed to a set-off of the
two items so that the plaintiff did not need to pay the tenant and then ask
for the return of almost the same sum. The Ban Chuan View invoice was for work
done to create a void in the premises. That work was part of the landlord’s as
well as the tenant’s works as defined in the Third Schedule of the tenancy
agreement. Ban Chuan View carried out structural works for the plaintiff and
the tenant under separate contracts. Accordingly, it was agreed that the
plaintiff would “absorb” $41,600 of the $189,260 as the landlord’s works while
the rest would go towards the tenant’s works. Ultimately, the payment was made
for the fitting-out works for the theme restaurant. Similarly, the set-off of
the rental arrears was against the claims made by the tenant already.
Therefore, it could not be said that these two amounts were not part of the
works contemplated in the tenancy agreement or that the said agreement had
been varied.

32 The defendant argued, however, that any agreement on the set-off between
the plaintiff and the tenant did not bind the defendant. This could not be
correct because the payments were actually for the works contemplated in the
tenancy agreement and were not extraneous expenses added on to increase the
defendant’s financial exposure. The defendant was the ultimate parent company
of the tenant. Dennis Chiu was a director of both the defendant and the
tenant. As he said in court, it was not possible for him to separate his
corporate personalities when dealing with the tenancy matters in issue. The
defendant was the guarantor for the tenant. It could not be seriously argued
that the defendant was not aware of what the tenant was doing.

33 The defendant was not able to produce credible evidence to challenge the
plaintiff’s computation of the turnover rent paid. The payment vouchers
produced by Dennis Chiu, purportedly for turnover rent paid after October
2001, did not show that they were payments for turnover rent. Dennis Chiu had
no personal knowledge of such payments.

34 The defendant further contended that a demand made under the guarantee had
to be precise in its amount before it could be valid. If it was not precise,
the defendant argued, it would never know what its actual liability was.

35 Here, the certificate enclosed with the letter of demand of 25 October 2002
could not be final and conclusive as to the amount of the debt due as it was
shown to be manifestly erroneous by the plaintiff, the issuer of the
certificate. A demand to a guarantor is generally valid if it makes clear to
him that the creditor requires payment of a sum which is actually due:
Phillips and O’Donovan _, The Modern Contract of Guarantee_ (2nd Ed, 1992) at
421. It is not essential to the validity of a notice calling up a debt that it
correctly states the amount of the debt: see Walton J in _Bank of Baroda v
Panessar_ [1987] Ch 335 at 346–347, following the High Court of Australia in
_Bunbury Foods Pty Ltd v National Bank of Australasia Ltd_ (1984) 51 ALR 609
on this point. The High Court of Australia held that a notice demanding
payment of loan moneys which did not specify the amount then owing by the
debtor company was valid. Similarly, Walton J in the _Bank of Baroda_ case
held that a demand for “all moneys due to us” was valid where a creditor was
entitled by the terms of his security to demand repayment of all moneys
thereby secured.

36 I agree with these cases. In my view, the letter of demand of 25 October
2002 was a valid demand under the guarantee although it was erroneous as to
the amount owing. There could be no prejudice to the defendant in any event as
the amount stated was less than the actual amount owing. The call on the
guarantee within the stipulated period attached liability while the
certificate merely stated the quantum payable or the extent of the liability.
The formula for determining the extent of the liability was provided in the
guarantee and the defendant, as the ultimate parent company of the tenant and
both companies having at least one common director, had the means of
determining the precise amount itself. Even if the amount owing was found to
be less than the amount claimed in the letter of demand, that should not be an
impediment to a court giving judgment for the smaller amount and making an
appropriate order as to costs of the action. I found here that the defendant
was liable for at least the smaller amount of $2,616,810 claimed in the letter
of demand of 25 October 2002. I was also satisfied that the actual amount
owing to the plaintiff was the larger amount claimed in its revised
computation in court.

37 Distress is premised on an affirmation of the landlord-tenant relationship:
Gray, _Elements of Land Law_ (2nd Ed, 1993) at 841. It is an affirmation that
the tenancy continues to subsist and it follows that execution of a writ of
distress does not determine a tenancy. This statement is subject to what I
have to say below. In this case, the bailiff testified that the tenant’s
officials were told by him that they could continue to operate the restaurant
so long as the seized goods were not removed from the tenanted premises and
that if the rental arrears were paid up, the seizure would be lifted. However,
the defendant contended that the tenant could not continue with its business
as the merchandise in the retail section had been seized and was locked up in
the storeroom. It argued that since the retail section at the entrance could
not operate, it gave the impression to potential customers that the restaurant
on the upper level was closed.

38 There was nothing to prevent the tenant from placing notices and staff at
the entrance to inform potential patrons that the restaurant was still open.
Indeed, part of the concept of the Rainforest Café was that patrons be given a
passport and be called to enter the restaurant when their turn arrived. For
this purpose, there would have to be staff manning the entrance at all times
anyway. They could also easily inform patrons that the retail section was
temporarily closed. Dennis Chiu, in response to the court’s question,
estimated that the retail section accounted for some 20% to 25% of Rainforest
Café’s income. Even if this was correct, the restaurant was still clearly the
mainstay of the business. The retail section was an added attraction but it
was not crucial to Rainforest Café’s operations. That was evident even from
the name. The space at the retail section was still available for use by the
tenant. In law and in fact, therefore, the writ of distress did not terminate
the tenancy.

39 However, by 31 July 2002, when lotting of the goods seized was done and the
locks were changed, it would be highly unrealistic to say that the tenancy
continued despite the writ of distress. The tenant could not run its business
any more – indeed, it was not permitted to do so at the premises in question.
It was, for all practical purposes, thrown out of the tenanted premises while
its goods were seized and locked up inside. I therefore held that the tenancy
was terminated on 31 July 2002.

40 The demand made on 25 October 2002 was therefore within the three-month
validity period provided in the guarantee. As the only validly-claimed amount
within that period was the lesser amount of $2,616,810, I limited judgment for
the plaintiff to that amount. I also awarded the plaintiff contractual
interest at 8% per annum with monthly rests on the amounts disbursed from the
respective dates of disbursement.

41 On 23 October 2003, the plaintiff made an offer to settle at $2.3m without
interest to be paid by the defendant within 14 days together with indemnity
costs. As I was of the view that cl 1 of the guarantee did not provide clearly
for indemnity costs, the judgment was therefore more favourable to the
plaintiff than the offer to settle in terms of the amount awarded but was less
favourable to the plaintiff in terms of the basis of costs as the general rule
is to award costs on the standard basis: O 59 r 27 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed). Originally, I intended to deduct a certain portion of
costs on the matters that the plaintiff was not successful in. However, in
view of the offer to settle, I made no such deduction and awarded costs to the
plaintiff at 100% on the standard basis.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed with costs.

  

* * *

[1]At 2 AB 537.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

