Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (No 2)  
[2004] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | CA 57/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  C R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah and Cheah) and Mary Ong (Hoh Law Corporation) for appellant; Monica Neo (ChanTan LLC) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd — United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Award – Recourse against award – Appeal under Arbitration Act
(Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) – Arbitrator allegedly failing to consider compensatory
principle in assessment of damages – Whether question of law – Whether leave
to appeal should have been granted by judge – Section 28 Arbitration Act (Cap
10, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Arbitration – Award – Recourse against award – Appeal under Arbitration Act
(Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) – Whether concerning general principle relating to
assessment of damages or one-off point – Whether dispute raising issue of
concern which is singular and unlikely to recur  
  

26 March 2004

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the granting of leave to the respondent, United
Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“United”), to appeal against an arbitration
award, as well as an order that the award be remitted back to the arbitrator
with the court’s opinion on the question of law which was the subject of the
appeal. We were of the opinion that leave should not have been granted, and
allowed the appeal. We now give our reasons.

**Facts**

2 The facts of this case were largely undisputed. By an agreement dated 15
April 1995, United engaged the appellant, Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn
Bhd (“Northern”), to be its specialist sub-contractor for the design,
manufacture, supply and delivery of passenger and cargo lifts to two blocks of
warehouses at Pandan Crescent/West Coast Highway.

3 Northern carried out the sub-contract work. Disputes subsequently arose
between the parties as to the quality of work done. United claimed damages
against Northern for, _inter alia,_ defective installation of the lifts.
Northern, in turn, counterclaimed for, _inter alia,_ the balance sum due under
the agreement. The parties went for arbitration before Yang Yung Chong (“the
Arbitrator”) in September 1998.

4 The arbitration was held in two parts – the first part dealt solely with the
issue of liability, and the second part concerned the assessment of damages
(if any). On 21 December 2001, the Arbitrator delivered his first interim
award (“first award”) in which he found that Northern had breached the
agreement in failing to supply adequately-sized guide rails and the
corresponding safety devices for the lifts. He awarded United the cost of
replacing the guide rails, the brackets and the safety devices (“cost of
rectification”), which sum was to be assessed. He also found for Northern on
its counterclaim, holding that United was liable to Northern for the balance
sum due under the agreement.

5 The assessment of damages was held on 4 September 2002. At the hearing,
United presented quotations in regard to the cost of rectification. United
claimed a total of $975,160, comprising the following sums:

(a) $845,600 being the lowest of three quotations obtained from independent
contractors for lift installation.

(b) $84,560 for “overheads and administrative costs” assessed at 10% of the
cost of rectification; and

(c) $45,000 to hire a professional engineer to supervise the rectification and
submit a Certificate of Supervision to the Commissioner of Building Control.

6 Northern strongly disputed the quotations presented by United. Koay Teng
Cheang, executive director of Northern, submitted an affidavit which dealt
with pricing of parts and materials for the rectification works. In addition,
Northern submitted a quotation from V Elevator Pte Ltd (“V Elevator”), also a
contractor for lift installation, which cited a price of $64,000 for
dismantling and fixing of the guide rails. In all, Northern submitted that the
cost of rectification, including the cost for labour, parts and materials, but
excluding the fees for a professional engineer, would be $262,501.92.

7 Both parties summoned witnesses who were duly cross-examined on the vast
differential in the quotes given. On 23 January 2003, the Arbitrator released
his second interim award (“second award”), where he assessed the costs of
rectification at $320,699.12. This comprised the following:

(a) $4,800 being the professional engineer’s fees for load test;

(b) $64,000 being labour for rectification works;

(c) $72,367.52 being the cost of 33kg guide rails and fishplates;

(d) $57,360 being the cost of car rail brackets c/w fastening items;

(e) $23,900 being the cost of modifying car/cwt combination brackets;

(f) $57,600 being the cost of safety gears c/w mounting brackets; and

(g) $40,671.60 being the cost of car guide shoes.

8 United took issue with the grounds on which the Arbitrator determined the
cost of rectification, alleging that the Arbitrator had not applied the
compensatory principle in his assessment of damages. United then filed a
motion seeking leave to appeal against the second award.

**Proceedings in the court below**

9 Before the judge, both parties agreed that the arbitration proceedings were
governed by the old Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The
relevant provision of the Act is s 28 which reads:

**Judicial review of arbitration awards**

28.—(1) Without prejudice to the right of appeal conferred by subsection (2),
the court shall not have jurisdiction to set aside or remit an award on an
arbitration agreement on the ground of errors of fact or law on the face of
the award.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), an appeal shall lie to the court on any
question of law arising out of an award made on an arbitration agreement; and
on the determination of such an appeal the court may by order —

(a) confirm, vary or set aside the award; or

(b) remit the award to the arbitrator or umpire for reconsideration together
with the court’s opinion on the question of law which was the subject of the
appeal,

and where the award is remitted under paragraph (b) the arbitrator or umpire
shall, unless the order otherwise directs, make his award within 3 months of
the date of the order.

10 United contended that the following question of law arose for
determination:

Whether on the facts set out in his [second] award, there were any grounds
upon which the Arbitrator could properly at law have assessed damages in the
manner he did?

United conceded that for leave to be granted, it needed to show that the
appeal came within the guidelines laid down by the House of Lords in _Pioneer
Shipping Ltd v BTP Tioxide Ltd_ [1982] AC 724 (“ _The Nema_ ”) and in _Antaios
Compania Naviera SA v Salen Rederierna AB_ [1985] AC 191 (“ _The Antaios_ ”),
which were affirmed by this court in _Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v
Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 609.

11 The _Nema-Antaios_ guidelines for determining whether leave should be
granted may be summarised thus: Where the question of law raised is a “one-
off” point, leave to appeal should not be given unless it is apparent to the
court that the arbitrator was obviously wrong on the face of the record. Where
the question does not concern a “one-off” issue, leave to appeal should not be
given unless the court considers that a strong _prima facie_ case has been
made out that the arbitrator was wrong.

12 In this regard, United’s argument here and below was that the question of
law in this case was one which concerned the general principles relating to
the assessment of damages, and any decision on this point would have an impact
on the assessment of damages in future claims. As such, United argued that
this was not a “one-off” point of law. United then submitted that it was clear
on the face of the record that the Arbitrator had erred.

13 Northern opposed the motion, contending that leave to appeal should not be
granted because United had not identified a valid question of law arising from
the award. It submitted that the question posed was actually a question of
fact disguised as a question of law. In any case, Northern submitted that the
question, even if valid, was a “one-off” point and did not warrant leave to be
granted, since there was nothing obviously wrong with the Arbitrator’s
decision.

**Decision of the court below**

14 In granting United leave to appeal, the judge stated that she was “of the
view that the Arbitrator had erred in law on the amount of damages he awarded
on their claim”. She found that the Arbitrator, in distinguishing the case of
_Ruxley Electronics and Construction Ltd v Forsyth_ [1995] 3 All ER 268,
appeared to have thought that the compensatory nature of damages did not apply
to the assessment of damages. This was a stance she found to be “untenable”.
Further, she agreed that the Arbitrator had erred by overlooking several
factors in his assessment of damages, namely:

(a) the fact that another contractor, and not Northern would be carrying out
the rectification works;

(b) the fact that the quotation presented by United was the lowest of three
received from reputable lift contractors and there was no basis to suggest
that this quotation was not genuine or had been inflated; and

(c) the fact that the price of the brackets at $240 were based on 18kg
brackets and not 33kg brackets as required by the rectification works.

15 The judge ordered that the award be remitted to the Arbitrator for
reassessment, taking into account the errors stated in her judgment. Northern
appealed.

**Issues arising on appeal**

16 Before this court, Northern submitted that the judge had erred on three
grounds: first, Northern contended that the judge erred in accepting that a
valid question of law arose from the award. Second, if at all there was a
question of law, it was a matter unique to the facts of the present case and
should have been regarded as a “one-off” point. As such, the Arbitrator needed
to be obviously wrong before leave should have been granted. Lastly, Northern
contended that the judge failed to consider the fact that the question of law
did not substantially affect the rights of any party since it only concerned a
differential in the assessment of damages of approximately $15,000.

**_Whether there was a question of law arising from the award_**

17 Section 28 of the Act confers upon the High Court a power to grant leave to
appeal against an arbitration award if there is a “question of law”, arising
from the award, to be determined. As a preliminary point, it is essential to
delineate between a “question of law” and an “error of law”, for the former
confers jurisdiction on a court to grant leave to appeal against an
arbitration award while the latter, in itself, does not.

18 An opportunity arose for comment in _Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v
United Boulevard Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 749. In that case, G P Selvam JC (as he
then was) stated at [7]:

A question of law means a _point of law in controversy_ which has to be
resolved after opposing views and arguments have been considered. It is a
matter of substance the determination of which will decide the rights between
the parties. … If the point of law is settled and not something novel and it
is contended that the arbitrator made an error in the application of the law
there lies no appeal against that error for there is no question of law which
calls for an opinion of the court. [emphasis added]

19 To our mind, a “question of law” must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve. When
an arbitrator does not apply a principle of law correctly, that failure is a
mere “error of law” (but more explicitly, an erroneous application of law)
which does not entitle an aggrieved party to appeal.

20 It would be necessary to examine United’s main contentions against the
Arbitrator’s second award in order to determine whether a question of law had
arisen in this case. Its first point was that the Arbitrator had wrongly based
his assessment of damages on Northern’s quotations, which were at cost, and
did not have a profit element. Secondly, it argued that the Arbitrator had
wrongly assessed the price of guide rail brackets on the basis of 18kg guide
rails and not 33kg guide rails as required in the rectification. United
contended that these errors demonstrated that the Arbitrator had disregarded
the compensatory principle in his assessment of damages and that there were no
grounds on which he could base his assessment.

21 United’s case was, therefore, founded on the premise that the Arbitrator
had committed an _error of law_ in failing to apply the compensatory
principle. That was a wrong premise. The onus of crafting the question of law
that required the court’s determination lay with United. Neither party,
however, disputed that the compensatory principle is a principle of law that
applies in the assessment of damages for breach of contract. The Arbitrator
himself readily acknowledged the compensatory principle when he stated at
[157] of his first award:

I agree on the application of the principle in the Court of Appeal case of
_Kassim Syed Ali_ that “Damages are compensatory, and one cannot seek
compensation _in vacuo_. Compensation must be measured against the loss
suffered.”

22 From the foregoing passage, it appeared to us that the Arbitrator had
rightly based his assessment of damages on the compensatory principle. If
there was a problem, it lay in the factors he considered or omitted to
consider when computing the quantum of the cost of rectification. For example,
the judge below had found that the Arbitrator had failed to consider the fact
that Northern’s quotations were at cost, and would not be adequate
compensation. This was an error in his application of the compensatory
principle. We were, therefore, of the opinion that the question of law
formulated by United was artificial. On the facts, the real issue turned on
the validity of the factors that the Arbitrator had taken into account when
assessing the quantum of damages. United’s application for leave should not
have succeeded on the grounds above. In any event, we went on to address the
secondary issue of whether, on the assumption that there was a question of law
to be determined, leave should have been granted. The crux of this issue
concerned the question whether the appeal involved a “one-off” point that
would have no interest beyond that of the parties themselves.

**_Whether the question of law raised was a “one-off” point_**

23 What would constitute a “one-off” point depends on the circumstances of
each case. In _The Nema_ , Lord Diplock held at 743 that:

[I]f the decision of the question of construction in the circumstances of the
particular case would _add significantly to the clarity and certainty of
English commercial law_ it would be proper to give leave … bearing in mind
always that a superabundance of citable judicial decisions arising out of
slightly different facts is calculated to hinder rather than to promote
clarity in settled principles of commercial law. [emphasis added]

Where the issue relates to the interpretation of clauses in standard form
contracts, this is usually an indication that it is not a “one-off” point.
Where it does not involve the construction of the terms of an agreement, the
approach set out by this court in _American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam
Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 682 at [29] is instructive:

Confronted with the problem of characterisation – as to whether a question of
construction falls within or without either guideline – the better approach,
suggests Thomas [in his _Appeals from Arbitration Awards_ (Lloyd’s of London
Press Ltd, 1999)], is not to embark on the exercise by first attempting an
all-embracing definition of a “one-off” contract or clause, or of a standard
form contract or clause, but by emphasising the underlying rationale
associated with the characterisation. _Thus the essence of the “one-off”
concept is that it_

_raises an issue of concern which is confined to the particular contracting
parties and “in which the general market and commercial fraternity has no
interest”. It is a “question of a singular character unlikely to recur”_. It
is this associated philosophy which calls for initial emphasis, so that the
threshold question comes to be framed not in terms of seeking a meaning of the
phrase “one-off’”when used in relation to contracts, but as an enquiry into
the degree of interest in the resolution of the contractual dispute in issue:
at para 5.2.3.13.

Conversely, the crux of the “standard” concept is that “the potential interest
extends beyond the immediate contracting parties to the community at large or
to a determinable section of the community” …

[emphasis added]

24 In the present case, we found that the dispute turned on the Arbitrator’s
application of an established principle of law to the particular facts of the
case. The purported errors committed by the Arbitrator were dependent on
events that were of a singular character, unlikely to recur. We were thus of
the opinion that the findings on this dispute would have little application
beyond the parties and the matter should have been regarded as a “one-off”
point.

**_Whether the Arbitrator was obviously wrong_**

25 Since the dispute involved a one-off point, the established authorities
required United to show that the Arbitrator was obviously wrong: _Invar Realty
Pte Ltd v JDC Corp_ [1998] SLR 444 and _The Nema_. Turning to the reasoned
award of the Arbitrator, we were of the view that it could not be said that he
was obviously wrong. United had contended that the Arbitrator was obviously
wrong on three counts:

(a) the Arbitrator was wrong to have assessed the price of guide rails
brackets at $240/unit as these were based on 18kg brackets, and not 33kg
brackets, as required by the rectification works;

(b) the Arbitrator under-compensated United when he assessed the damages based
on Northern’s quotations, failing to consider the fact that Northern was not
the company carrying out the rectification; and

(c) the Arbitrator had been inconsistent in his findings.

26 In relation to the first alleged error, United’s counsel argued that it
arose from the Arbitrator’s reliance on an invoice tendered by Northern, which
listed the unit price of guide rail brackets at a rate of $240. During the
arbitration, United’s expert was cross-examined on his quoted price of $420,
and queried on the large differential. His answer was simply that there could
be a difference in quality. The Arbitrator found United’s quoted price of $420
to be excessive. At [49] of his second award, he held that “in the absence of
any explanation as to how the respective unit rates were derived, I assess the
sum of S$57,360.00 (S$240.00 x 239 pieces) for this item”.

27 It later transpired that the price listed in the invoice was referring to
18kg brackets, and not 33kg brackets, as required by the rectification works.
This was a point not raised with the Arbitrator either by counsel or the
witness under cross-examination. The Arbitrator could not be faulted for that.
At the appeal, counsel for United conceded that this was not an error evident
from a perusal of the reasoned award.

28 Turning to the second alleged error, we were of the view that this was
similarly not apparent from the award. In his second award, the Arbitrator had
set out comprehensive grounds justifying his rejection of United’s quotes as
excessive. We would just cite a few examples. In rejecting United’s quotation
for guide rails, the Arbitrator stated at [45]:

Even after considering Mr Tan’s explanation that his unit rate of 550 for
guide rails included a mark up, that it included fishplates, transport,
freight etc, and that it was from a different source (Savera, Spain) (NE28), I
find this unit rate to be excessive in the absence of further relevant
details.

In comparing the quotations from ES-1, United’s lift contractor, and V
Elevator, Northern’s lift contractor, the Arbitrator found at [36] and [39]:

I am of the view that both the “completion period” of 3 weeks per lift
stipulated in the Claimants’ [United’s] said letter and the 18 days assessed
by Mr Tan were excessive … Although ES-1’s quotation included S$2,000.00 per
lift for “Rental fee for welding set and generator set for site modification
work”, Mr Tan admitted that it was not necessary to have a welding set because
“the sub-contractors can do welding” (NE22); nor did Mr Tan convince me on the
need to rent a generator set. For these reasons, Mr Tan was therefore unable
to justify this part of the quotations.

29 From these paragraphs, it appeared to us that the Arbitrator was trying to
ascertain, from the evidence, which was the more reasonable price between the
varying quotations tendered by each party. The Arbitrator had rejected a
number of United’s quotations because he was of the opinion that the figures
presented by its independent contractor had been exaggerated, and could not be
justified. He reached that conclusion after listening to the oral evidence of
the witnesses who had been called to testify on the accuracy and veracity of
the quotations. It was clear that he was fully entitled to reach the
conclusion that he did, and in any case, his conclusions were amply supported
by the grounds stated in his reasoned award. Given the foregoing, we could not
accept that the reasoned award showed an obvious error on the Arbitrator’s
part.

30 Finally, in relation to the third alleged error, we do not think that the
Arbitrator had been inconsistent in his findings. He had computed the quantum
of damages by drawing from quotations tendered by United, and at other times,
on the prices submitted by Northern. There is no rule of law that requires the
assessor to either accept the figures submitted by one party wholly or not at
all. The Arbitrator was fully entitled to consider which of the two varying
quotations tendered were more reasonable, in the light of the testimony given
by the witnesses from each party. On a perusal of the reasoned award, this
appears to be what the Arbitrator had done. There was no indication on the
face of the record that he had under-compensated United by assessing damages
on the basis that rectification was to be done at cost.

31 Consequently, we found that even if there were a valid question of law
arising from the award, leave should not have been granted as it involved a
“one-off” point and it could not be shown, from a mere perusal of the award,
that the Arbitrator was obviously wrong on it.

**_Whether the question of law substantially affected the rights of the
parties_**

32 Before we dispose of the appeal, we would address one final submission
given by counsel for Northern. Counsel relied on s 28(4) of the Act, which
reads:

The court shall not grant leave under subsection (3)(b) unless it considers
that, having regard to all the circumstances, the determination of the
question of law concerned could substantially affect the rights of one or more
of the parties to the arbitration agreement; and the court may grant any leave
subject to such conditions as it considers appropriate.

Here, Northern contended that the determination of the question of law did not
have a substantial effect on the award, as it would have made a difference of
only $15,000 in the quantum of damages since United was only contesting the
Arbitrator’s assessment on part of the award. The sum of $15,000 was the
differential between United’s quotations and Northern’s quotations of
$150,000. Assuming that the Arbitrator then made allowance for a profit
element in Northern’s quotations, Northern contended that this would at most
have been about 10% of the differential. The profit margin must be ascertained
through evidence, and in this case, the margin can be gauged through the
difference in the quotations. United was unable to persuade us otherwise. In
_Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_, this court
accepted the interpretation of the English Court of Appeal in _Pioneer
Shipping Pte Ltd v BTP Tioxide Ltd_ [1980] QB 547 (_The Nema_) at 564, where
Lord Denning MR found that the phrase “substantially affect the rights’ meant
that the point of law must be a “point of practical importance – not an
academic point – nor a minor point”. The question as to how “substantially”
was to be measured, remained. Whether a claim was substantial or not can
sometimes be considered in absolute terms. We could arbitrarily say that $10
is insubstantial. There will come a point where one might not be able to
declare confidently that the given sum is substantial or otherwise, without
considering the context of the claim. In _The Evimeria_ [1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
55, the court was of the view that the claim for $20,000 was not substantial
in the context of that case. There, the arbitrator found against the applicant
on seven of eight grounds. The other grounds were not contested in the
application for leave to appeal against the arbitrator’s award. We agree with
the court in _The Evimeria_ that the granting of leave is a discretionary
exercise and as such, is not governed by rules, provided that the statutory
criteria are satisfied. Hence, a judge’s exercise of her discretion to grant
leave should not be disturbed if there was an error of law in the award. This
point had no material effect in the present case since we are of the view that
leave should not have been granted as no question of law arose for
determination from the award. The question of substantiality is largely a
matter of discretion, and such issues are best discussed if they are
necessary, and clearly defined. In the present appeal, the question as to
whether the court below exercised its discretion correctly on the
substantiality point did not arise because the substantiality issue was not
raised there.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

