Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Selvakumar Pillai s/o Suppiah Pillai  
[2004] SGHC 186

Case Number | : | MA 43/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khoo Oon Soo and Jill Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for appellant; Subhas Anandan (Harry Elias Partnership) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Selvakumar Pillai s/o Suppiah Pillai   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Property – Theft – Theft by servant – Section 381
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – First-time offender and
hardship suffered by family – Whether compelling mitigating factors preventing
imposition of imprisonment sentence – Appropriate sentence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Conviction – Whether
cumulative effect of circumstantial evidence leading to inexorable conclusion
that respondent committed theft  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Voir dire – Whether trial judge erred in
finding that respondent's confession was inadmissible as evidence  
  

26 August 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The respondent was acquitted by the District Court after being tried on the
following charge in _PP v Selvakumar Pillai s/o Suppiah Pillai_ [2004] SGDC
84:

You Selvakumar Pillai s/o Suppiah Pillai (M/34 Yrs) NRIC No S6939745Z are
charged that you, on 30 June 2003, some time after 6.15pm, at the Bukit Merah
Branch office of the Housing & Development Board (“HDB”), located at Block 166
Bukit Merah Central, #03-3529, Singapore, being a servant of HDB, namely an
Administrative Assistant with HDB, did commit theft of cash amounting to
$199,575.78 (one hundred and ninety-nine thousand, five hundred and seventy-
five Singapore dollars and seventy-eight cents) in the possession of HDB, and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 381 of the
Penal Code (Chapter 224).

I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal against the order of acquittal and now set
out my reasons.

**Background facts**

2 The respondent was a cashier with the finance section of the Housing and
Development Board (“the HDB”), Bukit Merah Branch. On 30 June 2003, he
committed theft of $199,575.78 in the possession of the HDB’s Bukit Merah
Branch.

**_The workings of HDB’s Bukit Merah Branch_**

3 The finance section of HDB’s Bukit Merah Branch receives daily payments for
car park fines, season parking tickets, housing loan instalments, rental
payments and late payment charges. At the end of each working day, the daily
collection is counted, the figures are tallied and the cash is placed in a
Commercial and Industrial Security Corporation (“CISCO”) money bag. The money
bag is sealed and placed in a safe located in the strong room of the finance
section. The strong room is secured by a key lock and an electronic alarm
system. The alarm system is armed and disarmed by the same four-digit code.
The safe is secured by both key and combination locks.

4 The keys to the safe and the strong room are placed in an unlocked plastic
container on the desk of Tan Chuan Juan (“Tan”), the Finance Supervisor. Tan’s
workstation has no door and most of the finance section staff know where the
keys are kept.

5 The official policy is that no staff member should know both the four-digit
code for the strong room and the combination for the safe. Thus, one group of
employees in the finance section officially knows the four-digit code for the
strong room. They are Tan and three assistant finance supervisors, including
Chua Keng Hoon (“Chua”). Another group officially knows the combination for
the safe and they comprise cashiers in the finance section – the respondent,
Ho Choo Tong (“Ho”), Lee Chin Chong (“Lee”) and Soo Thoo Fok Loy (“Soo Thoo”).
Strictly speaking, no person should have knowledge of both codes. However, it
transpired that certain staff members including the respondent were apprised
of both codes.

6 When the CISCO money bag is placed in the safe at the end of each day by one
of the cashiers, the Finance Supervisor or one of the assistant finance
supervisors is supposed to witness the money bag being placed in the safe
before locking the safe with the key, and locking and arming the strong room.
However, this procedure was not always followed. Additionally, Tan testified
that he would leave the strong room door unlocked during the day so that the
cashiers could have easy access to the strong room to obtain loose change as
and when it was needed.

**_The events leading to the theft_**

7 On 30 June 2003, the respondent was on leave but he returned to the Bukit
Merah Branch in the afternoon and assisted in the counting of the day’s cash
collections. After the cash had been tallied, Ho placed the day’s takings in
the CISCO money bag and put it in the safe. Chua entered the strong room only
after Ho had closed the safe. Chua then locked the safe, and locked and armed
the strong room. Ho testified that the cash collection for that day was
$199,575.78. The breakdown of the cash denominations was as follows:

(a) 35 pieces of $1,000 notes;

(b) 104 pieces of $100 notes;

(c) 2,840 pieces of $50 notes;

(d) 1,085 pieces of $10 notes;

(e) 12 pieces of $5 notes;

(f) 351 pieces of $2 notes;

(g) nine pieces of $1 notes; and

(h) $554.78 worth of mixed coins.

8 Once the day’s takings had been safely stored, Chua, Ho, Lee and Soo Thoo
(“the group”) prepared to leave the office. They had earlier arranged with the
respondent to have dinner that evening and celebrate Soo Thoo’s retirement as
it was Soo Thoo’s last day of work. As the group prepared to leave for dinner,
they realised that the respondent was not in their midst. They eventually left
the office at about 6.15pm without the respondent as Chua told the rest of
them that the respondent had mentioned earlier that he intended to get a
farewell gift for Soo Thoo at the nearby supermarket.

9 At the appointed venue, the group started dinner without the respondent. At
about 7.20pm when they had finished their dinner, the respondent showed up
with a bottle of liquor for Soo Thoo. He told them that he had gone home to
get the liquor for Soo Thoo instead and it had been difficult to hail a cab.
Soo Thoo testified that he had told the respondent previously that he did not
drink but the respondent knew that Soo Thoo’s father did so. Chua, Ho and Lee
also testified that it was common knowledge that Soo Thoo was a teetotaller.
Ho and Lee left soon after the respondent’s arrival while Chua and Soo Thoo
accompanied the respondent as he ate. After he had finished dinner, the three
of them left together and the respondent gave Chua a lift home in a cab.

10 The next morning, 1 July 2003, Tan disarmed the strong room when Ho
reported for work. Tan then went to answer a telephone call, leaving Ho to
open the safe. Ho discovered that the CISCO money bag was missing. He
immediately notified Tan and a police report was eventually made. There were
no signs of a break-in.

**The Prosecution’s case**

11 The Prosecution alleged that the respondent had the motive, knowledge and
opportunity to commit the theft. First, the Prosecution surmised that the
respondent was in need of money. His monthly salary of $1,200 went towards
supporting his wife who was a homemaker, his two children and his father-in
law. Many of his bills were also unpaid. The respondent had installed an alarm
system in his home and his security services bills were unpaid from January to
June 2003. His Starhub Internet account was terminated on 26 June 2003 for
non-payment. His Singapore Power bills from January to May 2003 were not paid
until 30 May 2003.

12 Second, the Prosecution submitted that the respondent had easy access to
the safe as several of the staff members had testified that the respondent
knew both the code to the safe as well as the code to the strong room. The
respondent had told Chua that he knew the code to the strong room and Ho had
heard the former Finance Supervisor, the late Paul Foo (“Paul”), ask the
respondent to arm the strong room. Moreover, the keys to the strong room and
the safe were freely available.

13 Third, the Prosecution argued that once the group had left the office and
the Bukit Merah Branch was locked up for the day, the respondent, having
hidden himself in the office, had the means and opportunity to commit the
theft.

14 At the same time, the Prosecution asserted that the respondent and his
family members had a show of sudden wealth from 30 June 2003 onwards, the
source of which was not satisfactorily explained. It averred that this
newfound wealth was the spoils from the theft and cited the following
incidents as proof of the respondent’s unexplained wealth:

(a) On the night of 30 June and on 1 July 2004, the respondent deposited
$1,600 into his POSB accounts which previously had little or no money in them.

(b) On the morning of 1 July, instead of attending a scheduled medical
appointment, the respondent went to two pawnshops and redeemed jewellery
amounting to $21,000. At the first pawnshop, Thai Thong pawnshop, he paid
about $12,000, out of which $11,000 was made up of $10 notes, $400 was made up
of $50 notes and $600 was made up of both $2 and $5 notes. On the same day,
the respondent paid his June 2003 Singapore Power bill. It was the first time
in 2003 that he had paid his Singapore Power bill promptly.

(c) On 2 July, the respondent’s father-in-law, Murugaiyah Thiruvengadam
(“Murugaiyah”), deposited $16,400 into his own bank account.

(d) On 4 July 2004, the police seized $2,000 in $50 notes from the
respondent’s home.

(e) On the same day, the respondent was offered $50,000 bail for his release.
That night, his wife, Rajaswari d/o Thiruvengadam (“Rajaswari”), went to two
cash deposit machines and deposited $5,000 cash in a hundred $50 notes into
her United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) account at Bedok. At Tampines, she
deposited another $9,000 in eighty $50 and fifty $100 notes into the same
account slightly past midnight on 5 July 2004.

(f) Later that day on 5 July, Murugaiyah transferred $15,000 from his account
into Rajawasri’s. Rajaswari also deposited $21,000 in sixteen $1,000 notes and
a hundred $500 notes into her account. This brought her account balance to
$50,000 which she used to bail the respondent out of jail.

According to the Prosecution, the fact that all the denominations of notes
used by the respondent and his family members were consistent with the HDB’s
tally cast greater suspicion on the source of the money in the possession of
the respondent and his family members.

**The Defence’s case**

15 The respondent denied having committed the theft. Contrary to the
Prosecution’s accusations that he was hard-pressed for money, he claimed that
he always had substantial cash savings in his possession. He asserted that he
had savings of between $22,000 and $25,000 at home which were meant for
emergencies. This sum comprised of his savings from working with the HDB and
from part-time jobs, Rajaswari’s savings, the leftover of an insurance payout
of $35,000 he had received in 1999, and the leftover from a $30,000 loan to
Paul which the latter had repaid. After Paul had repaid him by cheque, he had
cashed the cheque and kept the money at home. Therefore, his savings had been
amassed before June 2003. The respondent also testified that he had installed
an alarm system in his home before 30 June 2003 as he kept substantial amounts
of cash and jewellery in his home.

16 The respondent claimed that he had deposited money into his Post Office
Savings Bank (“POSBank”) accounts because he had received a letter from
POSBank threatening to terminate one of his accounts unless funds were
deposited into it. He was afraid that he had missed the warning letter for the
other account and thus decided to deposit money into it as well. The money
which was deposited into his accounts and which was used to redeem the
jewellery was from his savings. He had redeemed his jewellery because the pawn
receipts were about to expire, and because his family was going to India in
August 2003 with his mother for one to two months and Rajaswari wanted to use
the jewellery in India. He had given Thai Thong pawnshop $11,000 in $10 notes
because Rajaswari always had a habit of saving $10 notes in her piggy bank.

17 In respect of the $50,000 bail put up by Rajaswari, the respondent said
that Rajaswari had borrowed $35,000 from his mother. Rajaswari then raised
another $10,000 by pawning her jewellery and obtained $6,000 from her sister
who had also pawned her jewellery. The respondent did not know about the
$16,400 which Murugaiyah deposited into his own account.

18 The respondent averred that he was not cash-strapped. He regularly pawned
his jewellery despite his savings because he preferred to have money at home.
He had many unpaid bills because he had the habit of waiting till the last
minute before paying them. He had paid the June 2003 Singapore Power bill
promptly because he happened to be at the post office on 1 July 2003 and it
was convenient to pay the bill then.

19 As for the allegations that he had the knowledge, means and opportunity to
commit the theft, the respondent asserted that he did not know the access code
to the strong room. He claimed that he returned to the Bukit Merah Branch on
30 June 2003 to help his colleagues even when he was on leave as he was a
helpful person. In court, Chua and Soo Thoo agreed that he was indeed a very
helpful person.

20 Thereafter, he had made his way to the nearby supermarket to buy Soo Thoo a
gift even though he had already shared in a present with his other colleagues
for the latter. This was because he had known Soo Thoo for a long time and
wanted to get him something personally. He then remembered that he had a
bottle of whisky at home and went home to get it. As Soo Thoo drank beer and
Soo Thoo’s father drank alcohol, the respondent did not think that the liquor
was an inappropriate gift. He had difficulties getting a cab and thus turned
up late for dinner. After dinner, he gave Chua a lift before returning home.
He was also on leave on 1 July 2003 and had no knowledge of the theft until
the police visited his home on that day.

21 Rajaswari was the only other witness called by the Defence. She
corroborated the respondent’s evidence that they had cash savings of between
$22,000 and $25,000 at home and that she had the habit of saving $10 notes in
her piggy bank. Though she had stopped working in 1997, she had continued to
save part of her husband’s salary each month. She had borrowed $35,000 from
her mother-in-law to raise the bail money. In this regard, she had written an
IOU at her mother-in-law’s behest. Rajaswari testified that of the $16,400 in
Murugayiah’s UOB account, her father’s friend had given him $15,000 for
safekeeping. She returned the $15,000 in cash to her father’s friend from the
$35,000 that her mother-in-law had lent her. Her father then transferred that
sum from his UOB account to her account. As for the $1,400, it was her
father’s money which had been intended for her mother’s death anniversary
prayers. Since the prayers had been cancelled, the money was no longer needed.
Thus, her father had deposited it into his account.

**The _voir dire_**

22 At trial, the Prosecution sought to admit into evidence the respondent’s
cautioned statement recorded under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 168, 1999 Rev Ed) in which the respondent had confessed to the theft.
Counsel for the respondent objected to its admission on the basis that it was
not voluntarily made and that it had been made as a result of inducement,
threat or promise. A _voir dire_ was conducted. In this regard, the
respondent, Rajaswari, three doctors, the police officers involved in
interviewing the respondent as well as the lockup officers gave evidence in
court.

23 The investigating officer, Razali bin Razak (“Razali”), testified that the
respondent was first interviewed on the evening of 2 July 2003. Thereafter, he
was kept in the lockup and interviewed a second time in the morning on 3 July
2003. The third interview with the respondent was at about 8.35pm on 3 July.
Other than Razali, officers Sahlan bin Osman (“Sahlan”), Then Yen Loong
(“TYL”) and Kothandom Vasanthan (“Vasanthan”) were present at the third
interview. SSgt Jason Ng (“Jason”) joined them at about 9.10pm. Jason was a
former member of the Property Offences Squad (“POS”) to which the other
officers belonged, but he had been transferred to the Violence Squad three
months earlier. Razali said that Jason had not been assigned to assist him in
the investigations unlike the other officers. None of the POS officers knew
why Jason had helped in the interview. They testified that they spoke in a
normal or firm tone to the respondent while Jason spoke in a normal tone.

24 The POS officers testified that the respondent seemed responsive to Jason’s
questioning. As such, they left the room and left the respondent alone with
Jason. TYL however said he was certain that Razali did not leave the interview
room. According to Razali, when he re-entered the room a few minutes later, he
heard the respondent admit that he had committed the crime. Razali then
brought the respondent up to his workstation in the POS office together with
Jason, whereupon Razali recorded the cautioned statement of the respondent.
The POS officers denied that any inducement, threat or promise was made to the
respondent at any time.

25 Jason testified that it was his former officer-in-charge, Insp Richard Lim,
who told him that the POS officers were interviewing the respondent and
suggested that Jason assist them. When Jason entered the interview room, he
observed the proceedings before asking the respondent questions. He recalled
asking the respondent if he had stolen the money and to think of his family
members. Jason stated that he spoke in a normal tone while the other officers
spoke in a firm tone. The respondent began to nod in response to his questions
after a while. When the other officers saw this, they left the room.

26 According to Jason, when he was alone with the respondent the latter did
not really respond to his questions. Razali then re-entered after a few
minutes, whereupon the respondent nodded in response to Jason’s questions. The
two of them then brought the respondent to Razali’s workstation where Jason
continued the questioning, but the respondent was not very responsive. Jason
claimed that he was not present when Razali was recording the cautioned
statement. He could not remember who else was at the POS office then or if he
spoke to anyone. He denied that he had assaulted the respondent or that he had
followed the respondent to Razali’s office to make sure that the respondent
signed the cautioned statement.

27 The respondent testified that at the first interview, Razali had shouted at
him when he denied committing the offence and had threatened to involve his
family. He claimed that Sahlan had placed him in an arm lock and punched him
in the stomach at the second interview. At the third interview, the POS
officers had shouted at him and threatened to involve his family. Sahlan then
stripped him and left him naked in the air-conditioned interview room. When he
still denied committing the offence, Sahlan took a cloth, wrapped it around
his fist and threatened to punch him. Sahlan then used the respondent’s
T-shirt to cover his head so that he could not see. He was then pushed around
the room until he felt dizzy. He also claimed to have been pinched on his
nipples and assaulted. When the T-shirt was removed, the respondent began to
cry.

28 The respondent also alleged that he had been punched by Jason when the
latter joined in the interview. When they were alone, Jason had threatened to
involve his family as well. Jason had then punched him in the stomach and
slapped him. As the respondent could not take it any longer, he had told Jason
that he would sign whatever was written. He was then brought to Razali’s
office where he was told by Jason to sign whatever Razali showed him or risk
being beaten up. The respondent claimed that he had signed the cautioned
statement without reading it or knowing its contents.

29 He was released on bail on 5 July 2003 and fell asleep upon reaching home
as he was very tired. He went to the hospital on 7 July 2003 when blood was
found in his urine. There, he had told the doctor that he had fallen down the
steps and injured himself. He had not dared to reveal the assaults by the
police as he was afraid that he would be assaulted again during the recording
of further statements. When he told Rajaswari about what had happened, she
encouraged him to tell the doctors the truth so that he could be properly
examined. Thus, the respondent returned to the hospital on 8 July 2003 and
told another doctor that he had been assaulted while in custody. The
respondent denied committing the theft at the subsequent recording of his long
statements.

30 The collective evidence of the three doctors who examined the respondent on
7 and 8 July 2003 was that they did not find any bruises or fractures on him
but that he had tenderness in his lower rib cage area and on his abdomen, _ie_
, he showed signs of pain by wincing. One of the doctors testified that the
fact that there were no bruises did not mean that the respondent had not been
assaulted as he had seen cases of assault without bruises. The respondent was
eventually diagnosed with a urinary tract infection.

31 At the end of the _voir dire_ , the trial judge ruled that the confession
was not admissible as evidence in the main trial. With the resumption of the
main trial, the Prosecution conceded that there was no direct evidence that
the respondent had committed the theft. It therefore sought to rely solely on
the circumstantial evidence mentioned above to prove its case.

**The decision below**

32 With regard to the _voir dire_ , the trial judge found that the Prosecution
had failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the confession was made
voluntarily. She observed the demeanour of the police witnesses in court and
found their stories and explanations suspect. Thus, she did not allow the
confession to be admitted into evidence.

33 The trial judge went on to find that the circumstantial evidence before her
was not such that she was prepared to draw an irresistible inference of guilt.
In her view, the version of events propounded by the respondent and Rajaswari
was believable and the series of coincidences raised by the Prosecution did
not lead inexorably to the one conclusion that the respondent had committed
the offence.

**The appeal**

34 The Prosecution raised two issues on appeal: first, whether the trial judge
had erred in finding at the end of the _voir dire_ that the respondent’s
confession was inadmissible as evidence in court; and, second, whether the
trial judge had failed to place sufficient weight on the cumulative effect of
the circumstantial evidence.

35 I shall now deal with each of these issues in turn.

**_The voir dire_**

36 It is trite law that an appellate court is reluctant to overturn a trial
judge’s findings of fact, especially where it hinges upon an assessment of the
credibility and veracity of the witnesses: _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998]
3 SLR 656 at [24]. The appellate court does not have the advantages of seeing
and hearing the witnesses and will defer to those findings: _Ameer Akbar v
Abdul Hamid_ [1997] 1 SLR 113 at [42]; _Kong See Chew v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 94 at
[28]. It is also important to note that where the voluntariness of a
confession is challenged, the burden is on the Prosecution to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the confession was made voluntarily: _Koh Aik Siew v PP_
[1993] 2 SLR 599 at 606, [23]; _Gulam bin Notam Mohd Shariff Jamalddin v PP_
[1999] 2 SLR 181 at [53].

37 In the instant case, the trial judge found the police witnesses’ stories
and explanations suspect upon observing their demeanour. She was unable to
conclude that the Prosecution had discharged its burden of proof and did not
allow the respondent’s cautioned statement to be admitted into evidence. The
Prosecution now contends that even though the trial judge purported to base
her findings on her observations of the police witnesses’ demeanour, those
findings were based on erroneous inferences drawn from the evidence. It argues
that there was little basis for the judge’s observation that the conduct of
the police witnesses was dubious. Therefore, the critical issues here are
whether the trial judge was plainly wrong in her assessment of the witnesses
and whether she had drawn inferences from the evidence that no reasonable
judge would have drawn. In this regard, I turn to three aspects of the judge’s
findings.

_Circumstances under which the respondent confessed to the offence_

38 The trial judge found the events leading up to the confession to be very
troubling. It was incredible that the respondent would simply open up to Jason
when he had denied committing the crime from the time of his first interview
till his third interview. It was also highly suspicious that all the POS
officers who were specifically assigned to interview the respondent would
leave him alone with Jason and that the respondent was all ready to confess
when Razali re-entered the interview room. Jason had no cause to join in the
interview and it was inconceivable that the officer-in-charge would have so
casually told Jason to assist in the investigations.

39 The Prosecution conceded that it might be perceived as unusual that the
respondent opened up to Jason after meeting him for about ten minutes whereas
he had not responded to the POS officers who had interviewed him for two days.
However, it surmised that the respondent was simply tired and was thus
responsive to an officer who spoke in a civil manner to him. It was not
unbelievable that the POS officers had decided to leave the Jason alone with
the respondent when they saw that the latter was responding to Jason. The
Prosecution further argued that the trial judge had placed undue weight on the
fact that Jason helped in interviewing the respondent although he was no
longer part of POS.

40 I was unconvinced by the Prosecution’s arguments in this regard. There was
no evidence to show that Jason had superior skills in interviewing suspects as
compared to the POS officers. It thus appeared strange that the officer-in-
charge would instruct him to assist in the investigation when at least four
POS officers had already been specifically tasked to do so. It defied logic
that a senior officer would deploy the human resources of the police force in
such a haphazard manner. Furthermore, the unequivocal evidence of the POS
officers was that they did not know why Jason had assisted in the interview.
Some of the POS officers even seemed surprised that he had done so.

41 Seen in this light, it was also doubtful that Razali, as the investigating
officer, would have left Jason alone with the respondent even though he did
not know why Jason, who was not part of POS, had joined them. What rendered
this chain of events even stranger was that TYL, who had no reason to lie,
emphatically averred under cross-examination that Razali never left the
interview room and stayed with the respondent the whole time.

_Circumstances surrounding the recording of the cautioned statement_

42 The trial judge found contradictions in Razali’s and Jason’s testimonies
which cast doubt on the veracity of their evidence. She deemed it highly
suspicious that Razali had given the impression that he alone dealt with the
respondent at his workstation during the recording of the cautioned statement
whereas Jason said that he had continued to question the respondent even when
he was at the POS office. The trial judge noted that although Jason had
initially remembered Razali preparing and administering the charge to the
respondent, Jason had later claimed that he was elsewhere in the POS office
when the charge was administered. Jason had also been evasive in court as to
who had been at the POS office and the identities of the officers whom he had
spoken to.

43 In response, the Prosecution averred that the contradiction in Razali’s and
Jason’s evidence was more apparent than real because the mere fact that Jason
had known that the cautioned statement was being prepared and administered did
not mean that he must have been present at Razali’s desk. In fact, he had
known the statement was being recorded and thus stayed away. The fact that
Jason could not remember whom he spoke to was also not material as his most
important involvement in the matter was in obtaining the respondent’s co-
operation.

44 I was unable to agree with the Prosecution’s contentions on this part of
the appeal. While it was reasonable that Jason did not have to be present at
Razali’s desk to know that the cautioned statement was being prepared and
administered, the Prosecution’s submission that he stayed away because the
statement was being recorded was unpersuasive. If Jason had been instructed to
assist in the investigations, if Razali had trusted Jason so much that he left
Jason alone with the respondent, and if Jason was so adept at handling the
respondent, it would then be implausible that Jason should have had to keep
away at the stage of the recording of the statement. Moreover, Jason testified
that even when he continued questioning the respondent at Razali’s
workstation, the respondent still “held back”. Thus, it appeared that Jason
should, all the more, have remained with Razali when he recorded the
statement. It was also strange that Jason could remember vividly the events
that took place in the interview room, even to the most minute of details, yet
failed entirely in recalling what he did at the POS office and to whom he
spoke.

_The medical evidence_

45 The trial judge found that even though no bruises were found on the
respondent, he was diagnosed with mild tenderness on his abdomen and bilateral
flank. She also noted that one of the doctors confirmed that he had seen
assault cases where there was no apparent bruising. In this regard, she found
that the Prosecution had failed to challenge the respondent’s claim that he
experienced pain, which it should have done robustly if its position was that
the respondent had faked the pain.

46 On this point, I was of the view that undue emphasis had been placed by the
trial judge on these factors. The Prosecution had put to the respondent at
trial that he had never been assaulted by the police officers and that he had
lied to the doctors when he told them that he had been assaulted. Accordingly,
the Prosecution had clearly challenged the respondent’s allegation that he had
sustained injuries while in custody. The judge also failed to place sufficient
weight on the fact that the respondent never complained to the lock-up
officers that he had been assaulted and that the doctors did not find any
bruises or fractures on him even after conducting examinations and x-rays. At
best, the respondent experienced mild tenderness, which was inconclusive as he
merely showed signs of wincing in pain.

47 Nonetheless, I found that the first and second aspects of the judge’s
findings were sufficient in raising a reasonable doubt that the respondent
made his confession voluntarily. Against that background, I was unable to find
that the judge misapplied the law or misapprehended the facts, or that her
decision was plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence. It then
followed that the trial judge’s finding that the respondent’s confession was
inadmissible should not be interfered with since the Prosecution failed to
reach the high threshold required to convince me that the trial judge’s
findings of fact should be disturbed.

48 I now turn to the second issue raised by the Prosecution.

**_The circumstantial evidence before the court_**

49 The Prosecution acknowledged that if the confession were inadmissible, the
remaining evidence would be wholly circumstantial. It averred, however, that
the circumstantial evidence as a whole showed that the respondent had
committed the theft. It further claimed that the trial judge had failed to
accord sufficient weight to the cumulative effect of the circumstantial
evidence.

_The law on circumstantial evidence_

50 It was laid down in _Ang Sunny v PP_ [1965–1968] SLR 67 at 72, [14], that
when the Prosecution is relying entirely on circumstantial evidence, the
effect of all such evidence must lead the court “inevitably and inexorably” to
one conclusion and one conclusion only: the accused’s guilt. Further, any
notion that _Ang Sunny_ _v PP_ laid down a higher standard of proof for cases
where prosecution evidence is wholly circumstantial was dispelled in _PP v Oh
Laye Koh_ [1994] 2 SLR 385, at 392, [19], where the court stated that the same
principle of guilt beyond reasonable doubt applies equally to cases where the
prosecution evidence is wholly circumstantial as it does in those where direct
evidence is adduced: _PP v Nurashikin binte Ahmad Borhan_ [2003] 1 SLR 52 at
[18].

51 In applying the principle of guilt beyond reasonable doubt, the court is
concerned with whether there is any other reasonably possible conclusion other
than that the accused had committed the offence. The court is not concerned
with “fanciful possibilit[ies]”: _Nadasan Chandra Secharan v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR
723 at [89]. In _Miller v Minister of Pensions_ [1947] 2 All ER 372, Denning
J, as he then was, pertinently stated at 373:

If the evidence is so strong against a man as to leave only a remote
possibility in his favour which can be dismissed with the sentence “of course
it is possible, but not in the least probable,” the case is proved beyond
reasonable doubt, but nothing short of that will suffice.

52 Applying the above principles to the present facts, it was for me to
decide, in light of the totality of the circumstantial evidence presented,
whether an inevitable and inexorable inference could be drawn that the
respondent committed the offence.

_Whether the series of coincidences made the respondent’s defence impossible_

53 The Prosecution argued that the respondent’s explanations for his sudden
unexplained wealth were all fabrications because of the incredible series of
coincidences that took place. To this end, it raised the following
coincidences that were similarly canvassed before the trial judge:

(a) The respondent was in the office until closing time when he disappeared
for an hour. He gave Soo Thoo a bottle of whisky when it was common knowledge
that the latter was a teetotaller.

(b) On the night of 30 June 2003, the respondent suddenly decided to take the
bank’s letter seriously and deposit money into his POSBank accounts.

(c) On 1 July 2003, it was convenient for the respondent to pay his Singapore
Power bill promptly for the first time since January 2003.

(d) On 1 July 2003, he decided to redeem jewellery from the two pawnshops, and
much of the money used comprised $10 notes, which tallied with HDB’s
collection on 30 June 2003.

(e) Rajaswari was in the habit of saving $10 notes.

(f) Murugaiyah had a “friend” who gave him $15,000 for safekeeping on 2 July
2003, and it happened that that was also the day Murugaiyah decided that his
late wife’s death anniversary prayers would be called off and he would deposit
$1,400 into his account.

(g) The respondent’s mother had $35,000 to spare for his bail when Rajaswari
needed that amount.

(h) The denominations of notes used by the respondent and his family members
in all the transactions were within that of the HDB’s tally.

(i) The respondent and Rajaswari did not generally keep track of the amount
they keep at home but they knew for the purposes of the trial that they had
about $22,000 to $25,000 at the time of the theft.

(j) Although the respondent and Rajaswari had seven bank accounts between
them, they preferred to keep their money at home.

(k) The respondent preferred to pay the pawnshops interest rather than earn
interest by depositing his money with the banks.

(l) Although the respondent had over $20,000 in cash savings at home, he had
his Internet connection terminated and almost never paid his bills on time in
2003.

54 Despite this series of coincidences, the trial judge found the explanations
offered by the respondent and Rajaswari to be reasonably possible. In her
view, it was conceivable that the respondent and Rajaswari could have been in
possession of substantial amounts of cash from the respondent’s receipt of
$35,000 from an insurance payout and $30,000 from Paul Foo in repayment of a
loan. Together with Rajaswari’s savings of $10 notes over the years, which had
resulted in the accumulation of a sum of money comprising $11,000 in $10
notes, the trial judge thought it eminently possible that the respondent had
$22,000 to $25,000 in his house on 30 June 2003. The trial judge also accepted
Rajaswari’s detailed account of how she had obtained the $50,000 required to
bail out the respondent as believable.

55 Furthermore, the trial judge also found that there could be a variety of
reasons why the respondent was not prompt in his bill payments. His tardiness
did not necessarily mean that he was cash-strapped. The respondent had managed
to pay his outstanding Singapore Power bills in May 2003. Thus, he was not so
cash-strapped that he could not pay his bills at all. The installation of the
security system in the respondent’s house also backed up his testimony that he
kept large sums of cash and jewellery in his house.

56 I was unable to see how the respondent’s receipt of an insurance payout in
1999 could materially relate to his financial status four years later. This
was especially so when the respondent was clearly short of money in 2003. On
the same reasoning, since the respondent was unable to recall the period when
he received the repayment of the $30,000 from Paul, it followed that this
$30,000 was equally irrelevant to the respondent's financial status in 2003.
As for Rajawari’s savings of $10 notes, I noted that she had stopped working
as early as 1997. It was thus incredible that her savings amounted to $11,000
as at July 2003, which was a sum that substantially coincided with the number
of $10 notes stolen from the Bukit Merah Branch.

57 In my opinion, Rajaswari’s detailed account of how she acquired the $50,000
required to bail out the respondent merely played up the shady nature of the
respondent’s and his family’s financial dealings after the theft. I found it
hard to believe that it was a mere coincidence that the respondent’s mother
had $35,000 cash in her possession when that was the amount Rajaswari needed
to borrow. Rajaswari had also claimed that her father had cancelled the death
anniversary prayers for her mother on 2 July 2003. Thus, he deposited the
money meant for the prayers on the same day. However, it seemed far-fetched
that Rajaswari’s father would decide to cancel his wife’s death anniversary
prayers in early July when the latter’s death anniversary was in November.

58 I also found that the respondent’s unusual habits of living off pawnshops,
leaving his bills unpaid and his affairs unsettled rendered his defence highly
suspicious. It was simply inconceivable that the respondent who allegedly
hoarded his money painstakingly would opt to pay interest to pawnshops rather
than earn interest from banks, especially when the respondent and Rajaswari
had seven bank accounts between them. It defied logic that the respondent
should have to pawn jewellery every time he was in need of money if he was as
cash-rich as he claimed. He was clearly not flush with money even if he had
installed an alarm system in his house. Moreover, seen against the fact that
large sums of money were deposited into various accounts belonging to the
respondent and his family members just hours after the money from the HDB went
missing, his laborious attempts at explaining away the numerous coincidences
rang hollow.

59 The trial judge found that the weakest part of the Prosecution’s case was
that it did not address the issue of how the respondent had stolen the money
without triggering the alarm or the motion detector in the Bukit Merah Branch.
In my opinion, it was difficult to see how the non-triggering of the alarm was
materially connected to the plain fact that money had been stolen from the HDB
without any signs of a break-in. Based on the mass of evidence before me, it
was clear that an irresistible inference of guilt on the respondent’s part
could be drawn. In this light, it was pointless to consider the degree and
probability of each item of evidence separately.

60 While the trial judge conceded that the respondent’s behaviour was
suspicious, she held that the Prosecution had failed to adduce more
incriminating evidence that could remove doubts from her mind. In my view, the
trial judge had placed unnecessary emphasis on certain factors while she
failed to accord due weight to the probative force of the circumstantial
evidence as a whole. It was clear that the series of undesigned and unexpected
coincidences were not only suspicious, but were so damning that they
collectively made the respondent’s defence a very fanciful possibility, if not
impossible. Upon examining the cumulative effect of the circumstantial
evidence, there was little doubt in my mind that no conclusion could be drawn
other than that the respondent had committed the theft. Accordingly, I allowed
the appeal and convicted the respondent on the charge.

**The appropriate sentence to be passed**

61 Having found that the respondent should rightfully be convicted of the
offence, I turned to examine the appropriate sentence to be passed. Section
381 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) states:

Whoever, being a clerk or servant, or being employed in the capacity of a
clerk or servant, commits theft in respect of any property in the possession
of his master or employer, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term
which may extend to 7 years, and shall also be liable to fine.

62 The offence attracts a mandatory imprisonment term. In _Abdul Rahim bin Ali
v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 269 of 1996, the accused claimed trial and was
convicted of a charge under s 381 read with s 109 of the Penal Code. He had
conspired to steal 168mt of plastic resin worth $581,000 from his employer. He
had also arranged for the resin to be transported to his co-conspirator, and
for a buyer for the resin. He had a clean record. He was sentenced to five
years’ imprisonment. On appeal, the accused’s appeal against sentence was
abandoned: see [1997] 2 SLR 249.

63 In _Rajaynthran s/o Kasinathan v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 98 of 1995, the
accused originally claimed trial to a charge under s 381 before pleading
guilty to three charges under s 381 for stealing computer equipment in the
possession of Singapore Airport Terminal Services Pte Ltd for whom he worked
as a cargo assistant. The equipment in question was valued at about $570,000
and $900,000 for the first and second charges respectively. The offences were
committed over a three-month period by the accused and two accomplices. The
accused received $204,000 for his part in the theft but failed to make any
restitution. He was a first-time offender. Two other charges were taken into
account in sentencing. The trial court sentenced the accused to five years’
imprisonment on the first charge and six years’ imprisonment on the second
charge. On appeal, the accused’s sentence on the first charge was reduced to
four years’ imprisonment while the sentence on the second charge was reduced
to five years’ imprisonment.

64 In _Toh Chwee Yong v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 282 of 1995, the accused
pleaded guilty to two charges under s 381 for stealing shares whilst employed
as a clerk in the risk management unit of Citibank NA Singapore. The shares
were valued at about $1.1m (the third charge) and about $74.8m (the fourth
charge) respectively. The accused was responsible for accepting and verifying
the lodgment of share scrips pledged to the bank. The share scrips were kept
in an office safe. The accused knew the combination code to the safe and also
had access to the key of the safe.

65 The accused stole the share scrips at her boyfriend’s instigation. Her
boyfriend shared the sale proceeds from the shares with other accomplices. The
accused did not receive any financial benefit or help in the disposal of the
shares. The shares stolen amounted to over $75m in value and only about $50m
worth of shares was recovered. The accused had a clean record. Two other
charges were taken into account in sentencing. The trial court sentenced the
accused to two years’ imprisonment on the third charge and five years’
imprisonment on the fourth charge. On appeal, the accused’s sentence was
affirmed.

66 In the present case, the respondent had stolen about $200,000 cash in the
HDB’s possession. This was not a small amount. It was also the entire takings
of the HDB’s Bukit Merah Branch for the day in question. While the respondent
was not in a senior position, he had abused the trust reposed in him by the
HDB where, as a banking cashier in the finance section, he was officially
equipped with knowledge of the combination code of the safe and ostensibly
given the access code to the strong room. As offences under s 381 of the Penal
Code generally involve the offender abusing his employer’s trust, it is
axiomatic that the greater the betrayal of trust, the more serious the offence
will be.

67 In court, counsel for the respondent urged me to take into consideration
the fact that the respondent was a first-time offender and that he had two
children to support as the sole breadwinner. In my view, even if this was the
respondent’s first conviction and given that an accused’s status as a first-
time offender is generally accepted as having mitigating value (_Krishan Chand
v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 291), the above precedents have shown that a previous clean
record is not of such compelling mitigating value as to prevent an
imprisonment sentence of between two to five years for thefts of amounts
between $570,000 to $1.1m from being imposed.

68 Additionally, any hardship to an accused’s family caused by his
imprisonment is unavoidable and is not usually a factor that can affect what
will otherwise be the right sentence: _Lai Oei Mui Jenny v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR
305. Counsel for the respondent did not show me that this was a case so
unusual on its individual facts as to justify a departure from the general
principle.

69 In the circumstances, bearing in mind that the regime of sentencing is a
matter of law which takes into consideration a hotchpotch of such varied and
manifold factors that no two cases can ever be completely identical in this
regard (_Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253), I sentenced the respondent to
two years’ imprisonment.

Appeal allowed; respondent sentenced to two years’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

