Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd and Another v Goh Sai Chuah Justin and
Others  
[2004] SGHC 150

Case Number | : | Suit 848/2000, RA 103/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng and Mark Cheng (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiffs; N Screenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for first, second and sixth defendants   
Parties | : |  John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd; Segno Precision Pte Ltd — Goh Sai Chuah Justin; Cheong Shze Fun; Aligent Precision Pte Ltd; Lee Choon Boy; Lit Yoke Seng; Ng Wan Hwa Eddy; Tan Lay Chon Michelle; Lim Poh Gok Sharon; Chew Kean Guan; Koh Kok Eng   
  
Damages – Assessment – Whether assistant registrar accurately assessed damages
with regards to bonuses  
  
Damages – Assessment – Whether plaintiffs successful in proving loss with
regards to investigation expenses  
  

16 July 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first and second plaintiffs are related companies and were at all
material times in the business of manufacturing precision spring mechanisms.
The first defendant was a director of the first and second plaintiffs until 27
October 2000. The second defendant was a director and manager of the second
plaintiff up to 27 October 2000. The sixth defendant was the production
manager of the second plaintiff up to 5 September 2000. The third defendant
was a company incorporated with the purpose of carrying on business in
competition with the plaintiff. The action in this suit was commenced by the
plaintiffs against their former employees and directors for damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as well as for restraining orders against them. The first,
second, third and sixth defendants consented to judgment on the second day of
the trial. The plaintiffs had decided not to proceed against the other
defendants. The consent judgment of 21 March 2001 directed that damages were
to be assessed and to be paid by the first and second defendants to the
plaintiffs. The interim injunction against the first and second defendants was
discharged but was continued as a permanent injunction insofar as the third
defendant was concerned. The abovementioned defendants also admitted a
statement of facts accepting that they had acted in breach of their duty of
good faith as directors. The facts admitted were particularised in the
statement of facts as follows:

_PARTICULARS_

(a) The 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendant have been actively involved in the
business of the 3rd Defendant which is in direct and/or is intended to be in
direct competition with the business of the Plaintiffs.

(b) The 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendants have induced Eddy an ex-employee
of the 2nd Plaintiffs to leave the employment of the 2nd Plaintiffs and to
seek employment with the 3rd Defendants.

(c) The 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendant have misappropriated the
Plaintiff’s goodwill, customer base and corporate opportunities for the
benefit of themselves and the 3rd Defendant by procuring or attempting to
procure, both directly and through the 3rd Defendant, certain of the
Plaintiffs’ existing customers, including the following customers of the
Plaintiffs:

(i) Texas Instruments Malaysia Sdn Bhd;

(ii) Hewlett Packard Singapore Pte Ltd; and

(iii) Shimano (S) Pte Ltd

(d) The 1st Defendant has misused the Plaintiffs’ premises and property for
the purpose of advancing the interests of the 3rd Defendant including,
misusing the Plaintiffs’ premises and property for the purposes of ordering
machinery and/or goods and for soliciting business for the benefit of the 3rd
Defendant, and misusing the Plaintiffs’ computers for the purpose of sending
electronic mail and the preparation of documents for the benefit of the 3rd
Defendant.

2 The parties proceeded to have damages assessed before the assistant
registrar in January 2004. The assistant registrar assessed the damages under
four heads and her orders were as follows:

(a) expenses incurred for investigations $0.00

(b) salaries and bonuses $6,890.00

(c) loss of sales and profits $13,347.72

(d) lost chance to continue supplying  
former customers _$2,000.00_

> > > > > > > > Total:  _$22,237.72_

The plaintiffs were dissatisfied with the award and appealed. The crucial
point arising in this appeal concerned the question of proof. This was an
important point because the plaintiffs did not adduce evidence from several
key witnesses. They included the private investigators who conducted what was
said to be a difficult and thorough investigation, and who also provided
bodyguard services to one Rhonda Wilson, a director of the plaintiffs. Rhonda
Wilson had stated that she feared for her life when the investigations exposed
the defendants’ wrongdoings. The assistant registrar made no award in respect
of those expenses on the ground that there was no evidence before her that the
expenses were incurred. I shall revert to this shortly. Save for a small
amount ($6,890), the assistant registrar also disallowed a large claim for the
refund of salary and bonuses on the same ground.

3 It may be convenient to deal first with Mr Lee Eng Beng’s submission on
behalf of the plaintiffs regarding the application of _Re Dawson (deceased)_
[1966] 2 NSWR 211. The judgment of Street J in this case was relied upon by
the court in _Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd v Low Hua Kin_ [2000] 2 SLR
501. Mr Lee first submitted that these two cases illustrate that the courts
would apply remedies in equity (which inclines towards actual restoration),
rather than remedies at common law (which inclines towards damages as
compensation), where recovery against a fraudulent or wrongdoing trustee or
employee is concerned. The apparent difference in approach is described in the
_Dawson_ case, at 216, as follows:

Moreover the distinction between common law damages and relief against a
defaulting trustee is strikingly demonstrated by reference to the actual form
of relief granted in equity in respect of breaches of trust. The form of
relief is couched in terms appropriate to require the defaulting trustee to
restore to the estate the assets of which he deprived it. Increases in market
values between the date of breach and the date of recoupment are for the
trustee’s account: the effect of such increases would, at common law, be
excluded from the computation of damages; but in equity, a defaulting trustee
must make good the loss by restoring to the estate the assets of which he
deprived it notwithstanding that market values may have increased in the
meantime. The obligation to restore to the estate the assets of which he
deprived it necessarily connotes that, where a monetary compensation is to be
paid in lieu of restoring assets, that compensation is to be assessed by
reference to the value of the assets at the date of the restoration and not at
the date of deprivation. In this sense the obligation is a continuing one and
ordinarily, if the assets are for some reason not restored _in specie_ , it
will fall for quantification at the date when recoupment is to be effected,
and not before.

4 In the _Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd_ case, the court attempted to
restate some broad principles concerning the liability of a fiduciary in
breach at [35]:

1 If a breach of a fiduciary obligation has been committed then the fiduciary
is liable to make restitution – that is restore the wronged person in the same
position as he would have been if no breach had been committed. Consideration
of causation, foreseeability and remoteness do not readily enter into the
matter.

2 The test of liability is whether the loss would have been if there had been
no breach. In other words, the fiduciary can escape liability only if he can
demonstrate that the loss or suffering would have happened even if there been
no breach.

3 The right to restitution and compensation of a beneficiary or sufferer which
the Court of Equity have imposed on an errant fiduciary is more of an absolute
nature than the common law of obligation to pay damages for tort or breach of
contract.

4 The beneficiary or sufferer under the concept of restitution or equitable
compensation is entitled to full indemnity and equity will award such interest
as may be necessary to create full restitution and compensation.

5 Mr Lee further relied on _Canson Enterprises v Boughton & Co_ (1991) 85 DLR
(4th) 129 as espousing the above principles. However, the above passage from
_Kumagai-Zenecon,_ although only a brief and general summary of principles
governing liability for breach of fiduciary duty, made it plain that the
burden was on the plaintiffs to prove that their losses and/or damages
suffered, were caused by or linked to the defendants’ breaches of fiduciary
duties. After that, the burden shifted to the defendants to show that the
plaintiffs would have incurred those losses even if there had been no breach
by the defendants. I accept that once liability is proved, the wrongdoer has
to compensate the principal for such loss as was occasioned by the breach. It
is in this sense that the reference by those authorities to the irrelevance of
foreseeability and remoteness apply. That does not mean that the burden of
proof has changed. Those authorities reinforced the principle that the
innocent employer had to prove that his loss arose from the wrongful act. It
is axiomatic in this context, that the employer must first prove that he had
suffered loss. Only after that would the question whether the loss might be
attributed to the wrongful act become relevant.

6 Hence, so far as the law was concerned, the assistant registrar, in citing
Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s judgment in _Target Holdings v Redferns_ [1966] 1 AC
421 at 432 clearly understood that while the detailed rules of evidence
between the common law and equity were different, the fundamental principles
of the burden of proof remained the same. The same emphasis was made by our
Court of Appeal in _Ohm Pacific Sdn Bhd v Ng Hwee Cheng Doreen_ [1994] 2 SLR
576. Thus, when a plaintiff seeks to prove that a defendant is in breach of a
fiduciary duty, the burden of proof lies with the plaintiff, but equity may
accept a lower standard of proof sufficient to require a shifting of the
evidential burden to the defendant. This is nothing more than stating the
plain application of the court’s discretion as to when it thinks that
sufficient evidence had been led so as to require a rebuttal or reply. When
all the shifting is done, the court will assess the evidence in its entirety.
That is to say that it will look at the nature of the evidence; to all that
had been written or said, and all that had not been said, and determine the
weight to be given to the sum and its parts. Thereafter, the big question,
“Has the plaintiff or defendant as the case may be, proved his case on a
balance of probabilities?” may be answered.

7 Applying the above principles, the assistant registrar proceeded to make her
findings of fact. I find no grounds whatsoever to interfere with her findings
save for the question of bonuses paid to the defendants. The assistant
registrar had ordered a repayment of one third of the first defendant’s salary
because she accepted the evidence of Loh Chee Khun, the erstwhile production
manager of the first plaintiff, that during the last ten days or so, the first
defendant had not been attentive to his job. This part of her order could not
be faulted. However, the question of bonuses was not addressed. It is this
aspect that requires some attention now. A bonus is generally a payment
fashioned as a reward as well as an incentive. No reasonable employer would
have offered a bonus to a cheating employee, or one who was in breach of his
fiduciary duty as was the case here. This would be a fair inference of fact
from the admitted facts at trial and is not dependent on any assessment of the
reliability of witnesses. The bonus payments of $56,250, $14,600, and $16,933
to the first, second and sixth defendants must, therefore, be repaid to the
plaintiffs with interest at 6% from dates of notice of assessment.

8 In the appeal before me, Mr Lee applied to have affidavits of two of the
investigators employed by the plaintiffs admitted to prove the expenses of
investigation. He submitted that the two affidavits were filed for the trial
but the witnesses were not called. I disallowed the affidavits to be used for
the appeal because the makers had to be present for cross-examination. If they
were available for the trial then they must also be available for the
assessment. The only evidence available was the oral evidence of Rhonda Wilson
and the invoices from the investigators. Rhonda Wilson was found not to have
precise knowledge as to how the plaintiffs were charged, and she also admitted
that the investigators did work that was not directly relevant to the
defendants. This left the assistant registrar with insufficient evidence to
determine the costs of the investigation expenses, or any portion of it with
any degree of reliability. Consequently, she dismissed the plaintiff’s claim
for the costs of investigation. A finding of fact of this nature should not be
disturbed.

9 For the reasons above, save for the repayment of bonuses, the appeal is
dismissed. Although the plaintiffs had only a limited success in this appeal,
I am of the view that overall, some costs should be awarded to them. After
hearing submissions of counsel, I fixed costs at $1,200 and awarded reasonable
disbursements to each of the plaintiffs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

