Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Loh Luan Choo Betsy (alias Loh Baby) (administratrix of the estate of Lim
Him Long) and Others v Foo Wah Jek  
[2004] SGHC 230

Case Number | : | Suit 127/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leonard Loo (Leonard Loo and Co) for plaintiffs; Ramasamy K Chettiar (Acies Law Corporation) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Loh Luan Choo Betsy (alias Loh Baby) (administratrix of the estate of Lim Him Long); Loh Luan Choo Betsy alias Loh Baby; Lim Yuan Wei (a minor) suing by his lawful mother and guardian and litem, Loh Luan Choo Betsy alias Loh Baby — Foo Wah Jek   
  
Tort – Breach of statutory duty – Accident occurring while defendant driving
vehicle in South Africa without international driving licence required under
South African statute – Whether breach of South African statute conferring
private right of action for damages on plaintiffs – Whether defendant
breaching Singapore statutes by driving in South Africa without international
driving licence  
  
Tort – Negligence – Defences – Defendant driving in South Africa when tyre
burst resulting in accident – Plaintiffs suing defendant for damages for
driving vehicle negligently – Whether defendant negligent in his driving –
Whether defence of inevitable accident established  
  

15 October 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 This action arises out of a road accident that took place in South Africa in
which one passenger of the vehicle driven by the defendant was killed and
another was seriously injured. The plaintiffs are first, Mdm Loh Luan Choo
Betsy, the wife of the deceased, who is suing on behalf of his estate and also
on her own account as a dependent of the deceased and a person who was injured
in the accident, and second, her son, who also sustained physical injuries in
the accident.

2 In December 2001, the deceased, Mr Lim Him Long, and his family (comprising
his wife and three sons) and the defendant, Mr Foo Wah Jek, and his family
(comprising his wife, daughter and two sons), were on holiday together in
South Africa. The two men were both aircraft maintenance engineers and had
worked together for some time. Their families were also on friendly terms.

3 In Cape Town, Mr Lim hired a Volkswagen Caravelle and a driver from a tour
agency and they started their private tour in this vehicle on 8 December. The
vehicle was classified as a car according to the South African road
regulations but from the photographs in evidence, it appears to have been more
of a passenger van than a saloon car. On 12 December, the group decided to
return to Cape Town. They were then in Kynsna. They left Kynsna at about
10.00am and arrived at noon at a town named Outshoorn. After spending a few
hours there, they proceeded to Calitzdorp. At that stage, the driver, Mr Zaid
Ebrahim, told the group that he needed to rest as he was fasting and was very
tired. Mr Foo then took over the wheel. He had been driving the vehicle for
about two hours when the right rear tyre burst. As a result the vehicle veered
and subsequently went off the road and rolled over. Both Mr Lim and Mr Foo
were thrown out of the vehicle. Mr Lim died instantly. Mr Foo had only minor
injuries. Mdm Loh and her son, Lim Yuan Wei, were also injured.

**The evidence**

4 In her affidavit Mdm Loh stated that on 12 December 2001 at about 3.00pm, Mr
Ebrahim had complained of fatigue and had informed the party that he wanted a
short rest. Mr Foo, however, wanted to press on with the journey and he
unilaterally decided to take over the driving of the vehicle from Mr Ebrahim.
She added that at that juncture, Mr Foo did not seek the consent of the other
passengers as to whether he should or should not drive the vehicle. After Mr
Foo had driven the vehicle for about 15 minutes, his daughter wanted to go to
the toilet. Unfortunately, there was no town in the vicinity and Mr Foo then
“proceeded to speed up his driving” so as to reach the next town quickly. At
about 1745 hours, Mr Foo lost control of the vehicle. It was then travelling
towards Barrydale along the R62 road that ran between the towns of Ladysmith
and Barrydale. The vehicle then veered off the road.

5 Under cross-examination, Mdm Loh denied that the four adults had had a
discussion about who should take over the driving from Mr Ebrahim. She
maintained that it was Mr Foo who had persuaded Mr Ebrahim to let him drive
but she agreed that the other three adults had not objected to Mr Foo’s
proposal. It was put to her that the members of the party had used the toilet
facilities at Calitzdorp. After that the vehicle had passed Ladysmith on its
way to Barrydale but there had been no request by Mr Foo’s daughter to use the
toilet. Mdm Loh disagreed. She maintained that she was awake from the time of
the changeover in drivers up to the time of the accident but she could not
remember how long Mr Foo had been driving for before the accident took place.
She did not agree, however, that the journey took about one and a half to two
hours. When asked about the speed of the vehicle, she said she did not know
what the speed was. However, she conceded that she had not been concerned that
he was speeding and had not felt unsafe. She also agreed that from the time Mr
Foo took over the driving up till the time of the incident he had been able to
manage the vehicle well.

6 Mdm Loh also stated that before the vehicle went off the road, she heard a
loud sound. However, she did not remember what the sound was. She agreed that
she was aware before the vehicle went off the road that one of its tyres had
burst but she would not agree that she knew it was only after the tyre burst
that the vehicle started to go out of control. When asked what had caused the
vehicle to go off the road, her answer was “I don’t know”. When asked what Mr
Foo had done wrongly that caused the accident, her reply was “negligence”.
When she was asked what the act of negligence was, her reply was “I don’t
know”. She was then asked whether it was her complaint that Mr Foo was
speeding. She replied that it was. She also complained that he was not
careful. Finally, she said her complaint against him was that he was speeding
and he should not have taken over the driving.

7 Mdm Loh was shown a copy of the statement that she had allegedly given to
the Barrydale police after the accident. In that statement, she had said that
Mr Foo was not driving the vehicle fast but she could not see how slowly he
was going. When shown that statement in court, Mdm Loh asserted that the
signature appearing at the bottom of the statement was not her normal
signature and said that she could not remember signing it. Subsequently she
asserted that she had not given any statement to anyone. Mdm Loh was reminded
that Inspector Andrew Mark Lagerwald of the South African Police Services
attached to the Barrydale precinct had testified that according to witness
statements he had taken, the vehicle was not travelling fast at the time of
the accident. It was within the speed limit of 100km/h. In response, she said
that Inspector Lagerwald had not taken a statement from her.

8 The evidence of Zaid Ebrahim was that the party had left Outshoorn between
3.00pm and 4.00pm and had subsequently reached the town of Calitzdorp where
they stopped at a service station in order that the group could use the toilet
facilities. He was very tired by then as it was the fasting month of Ramadan.
He therefore informed the group that he would not be able to drive until he
had had time to rest. The group felt that stopping would be a waste of time
and they then discussed it among themselves. A short time thereafter, Mr Foo
told him that he would take over the wheel. He then got into the front
passenger seat next to Mr Foo. Mr Ebrahim guided Mr Foo out of the town and
once they got onto the highway about five to ten minutes later, Mr Ebrahim
went to sleep. He was satisfied at that stage that Mr Foo was a competent
driver. He did not know what caused the vehicle to go off the road as he was
still asleep at that time.

9 Under cross-examination, Mr Ebrahim said that when Mr Foo volunteered to
take over the driving, he had mentioned that he had a driver’s licence. All
four adults in the group had spoken to him about continuing the journey with
one of them driving. Mr Ebrahim’s evidence was that it would take about 45
minutes to one hour to travel between Calitzdorp and Ladysmith because of the
winding nature of the road which is between mountain cliffs on one side and a
steep ravine on the other. It would take another 45 minutes to travel between
Ladysmith and the place where the vehicle went off the road. Mr Ebrahim told
me that he had driven the vehicle for two days prior to the incident and had
not experienced any problems either with the brakes or the tyres during that
period. He had checked these parts before the party had left on the tour and
also while the tour continued. The condition of the tyres was satisfactory as
far as he was concerned.

10 The defendant in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief said that he took over
the driving of the vehicle because Mr Ebrahim was tired. He discussed the
matter with Mr Lim and their respective spouses as all of them were qualified
drivers. At that point no one knew that an international driver’s licence was
required for foreigners to drive in South Africa.

11 When he took over the vehicle, Mr Foo maintained a speed of about 100km/h.
This was the speed limit and, being in a foreign country he did not want to
exceed it and be stopped by the traffic police. Besides, all of them were
chatting and taking in the sights. There was no urgency for him to drive the
vehicle beyond the speed limit or at excessive speed. The accident took place
at about 5.30pm. By then he had been driving for about two hours. At that
time, they were proceeding along a straight stretch of the road R62 between
Ladysmith and Barrydale. There was no other vehicular traffic. The road
surface was dry and visibility was very good.

12 All of a sudden, Mr Foo heard a flapping sound and he immediately shouted
“[expletive] … tyre burst”. He stepped on the brakes, but the vehicle veered
to the right. He released the brakes and turned the steering wheel to the
left. The vehicle did turn towards the left and he then stepped on the brakes
again with a view to bringing the vehicle to a halt. Instead it veered to the
right and this time, Mr Foo could not do anything to prevent the vehicle from
going off the road and going down the slope. Mr Foo momentarily lost
consciousness. When he regained consciousness he found himself lying in front
of the vehicle and on the ground. He realised he had gone through the
windscreen. He then saw the deceased’s body lying on the ground. Mr Foo went
to help Mr Lim and called his name several times but he did not respond. He
then went to help the other passengers who were in the vehicle.

13 Mr Foo maintained that the cause of the accident was the bursting of the
right rear tyre. When he took over the driving of the vehicle he did not know
that that tyre was defective. It looked fine. On the day of the accident, they
had been travelling in the vehicle from 10.00am up to 3.00pm without
experiencing any problems. Mr Foo did not know what caused the right tyre to
burst. He believed that the accident was inevitable and unavoidable despite
the fact that he had used his best endeavours to bring the vehicle under
control and prevent it from going off the road. The entire accident happened
in a matter of seconds.

14 Under cross-examination, Mr Foo said that he now agreed that, at the time
of the accident, he had not been qualified to drive the vehicle in South
Africa as he did not have an international driving licence, but then he had
thought that there was no such requirement. He also stated that that was not
the first occasion on which he had driven in a foreign country. He had
previously driven in Australia, France, New Zealand and the United States and
had not needed an international driving licence to do so. As regards taking
over the wheel when Mr Ebrahim was tired, Mr Foo’s position was that the final
decision was made by himself and Mr Lim. He had volunteered to drive because
he did not expect the ladies to drive in a foreign country and Mr Lim had poor
eyesight.

15 Mr Foo said that from the time he took over the driving up to the time of
the accident, he had used the brakes of the vehicle several times. When he
applied the brakes normally, there had been no unusual reaction and the
vehicle had not swung from one side to another. In his view, the brakes were
effective. Under cross-examination, Mr Foo clarified the statement in his
affidavit that “when I took over the vehicle, I was going at a speed of about
100kmph”. He explained that that sentence referred to the time when he hit the
straight road which was some time after the vehicle had left Calitzdorp. When
he started driving in Calitzdorp, his speed was slow as that was an urban
area. He disagreed he had travelled at a speed of 100km/h from the beginning.
As regards the sentence in his affidavit “besides we were all chatting and
taking in the sights”, Mr Foo at first said that he was not chatting away nor
enjoying the sights while he was driving. Subsequently, Mr Foo agreed that the
sentence in his affidavit referred to his behaviour as well, but he qualified
his agreement by stating that most of the time he was concentrating on his
driving although the chatting probably involved him too. He also said that
there had been very few cars travelling along the road R62 and the phrase “no
other vehicular traffic” in his affidavit meant very low traffic but not that
there were no other vehicles at all. He clarified that at the time that he
heard the tyre-flapping sound, the vehicle he was driving was the only one on
that stretch of the road as far as he could see.

16 Mr Foo described the flapping sound as being very loud and sounding like
“plup, plup, plup”. It was a continuous sound. When he first heard it he was
driving straight along a straight stretch of road. He was not chatting or
taking in the sights at that moment though he was looking at the scenery in
front of him. The flapping sound came from the rear right hand side of the
vehicle. He was not shocked when he heard the loud sound though he had not
encountered any situation of a tyre bursting prior to that occasion. Mr Foo
was asked whether he had lost his composure after hearing the sound. He
replied that he had not as he had taken corrective action after hearing it. He
had taught himself the method of dealing with a burst tyre through his years
of driving experience, from reading and from other drivers. As he knew it, the
method of dealing with a burst tyre was for the motorist to hold on stiffly to
the steering wheel and maintain a straight course. The motorist should not
apply “hard brakes”. Mr Foo volunteered that he had once had a situation where
a tyre had deflated while he was driving along a Malaysian highway. He had
dealt with that situation successfully by applying his brakes and bringing the
car to a halt. Mr Foo stated that the method of dealing with a deflated tyre
while driving was very similar to the method of dealing with a burst tyre.

17 Mr Foo was asked how long he had taken to step on the brakes after hearing
the loud sound. His first reply was “a few seconds later”. He was not able to
estimate exactly how many seconds had passed but he said that he had
definitely not stepped on the brakes immediately. He then explained that the
loud sound he heard was the sound of a tyre flapping and that that sound had
continued. There was no specific bursting sound followed by a flapping sound.
He said it was possible there was a “pop” sound just before the flapping sound
but he really could not remember. A few seconds later, he made the first brake
application. This was a tap on the brakes made with the intention of slowing
down the vehicle. The vehicle then moved to the right and when it did so he
released the brakes. He was surprised when the vehicle moved to the right. He
remembered turning the steering wheel to the left to bring the vehicle back to
a straight travelling line but could not remember whether he had steered
gently or violently. The vehicle returned to a straight travelling line and he
then stepped on the brakes again with the intention of bringing the vehicle to
a halt. This was a hard application of the brakes and the vehicle then veered
sharply to the right.

18 Mr Foo was asked whether he had followed the prescribed method of dealing
with a burst tyre as described by himself when he encountered that situation
on the highway. His response was “I can’t remember. It happened in a split
second.” He agreed that on the second occasion that he applied the brakes, he
had applied them hard enough to leave tyre marks on the road. When asked to
estimate how long it took for the vehicle to leave the road from the time it
had first veered to the right, Mr Foo replied that it all happened very fast
and might have taken one or two seconds. Later he said that everything
happened so fast and he had probably panicked after the first time he had
applied the brakes because he was so surprised by the way the vehicle veered
to the right. At that stage, he could not tell whether it was necessary to
apply the brakes. All that he was thinking of was to save the lives of
everyone in the vehicle and bring it to a safe stop. It was pointed out to Mr
Foo that in the statement he had made to the South African police, he had not
mentioned applying the brakes. He explained that this statement was made
immediately after the accident and in conditions that he described as “very
traumatised”. The account of the accident in his affidavit was written after
he had taken time to recollect everything that had happened and it was the
more true reflection of what had happened that evening. It was put to Mr Foo
that he did not apply the brakes repeatedly during the incident. He disagreed.
With the benefit of hindsight, Mr Foo considered that he should not have
applied the brakes at all and should only have tried to keep the vehicle
moving straight forward.

19 The Defence called an expert witness, one Mr Johannes Jacobus Heese, who is
a senior lecturer in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of
Stellenbosch, South Africa. Mr Heese did a reconstruction of the accident. He
visited the accident site and took measurements there. He examined photographs
of the damaged vehicle and was given access to the police photographs of the
accident scene and the evidence of the South African officers. He was also
given information on the course of events by Mr Foo. Mr Heese came to the
following conclusions:

(a) The speed of the vehicle was not in excess of the speed limit of 100km/h
at the time when the tyre burst;

(b) The most probable reconstruction was that the vehicle left the road,
travelled through the air for a distance of about 10m and landed again on the
left front side and immediately thereafter the left rear tyre made contact
with the surface beside the road. The vehicle was in a rotational motion and
this caused the blow-out of the left rear tyre;

(c) The tyre burst due to one or more of the following factors:

(i) defects in the tyre;

(ii) road damage to the tyre;

(iii) internal separation of the plies and breakdown of the air seal; and

(iv) driving with an under-inflated tyre.

(d) The sharp swing to the right experienced by Mr Foo on the application of
the brakes was not consistent with an intact braking system.

20 Mr Heese elaborated the last point as follows. He noted that the vehicle
swung to the right when Mr Foo first applied the brakes. He got the vehicle
under control and repeated the attempt at braking. This time the instability
swung the vehicle violently to the right. Mr Heese stated that that reaction
was not expected since the vehicle had a rear wheel drive and balanced tyres.
Initially, when the right rear tyre deflated, the radius of this wheel became
less than that of the other driving wheel. Traction would be lost due to this
deflated tyre and a gentle swing to the right might be expected. If the
accelerator pedal were to be released, braking would be more effective on the
undamaged tyre and the swing would usually be arrested. During braking the
damaged wheel would not have the same amount of grip and a swing to the left
might be expected. This would be dangerous since, to arrest this swing, the
right rear side must be relied upon. In this instance, the driver experienced
a pull to the right twice after he braked. This could have been the result of
two front brakes which were not braking equally. A right front brake out-
braking the left front brake would certainly swing the car violently to the
right.

21 In court, Mr Heese was told that Mr Foo had testified that he had no
complaint about the vehicle’s brakes. Mr Heese was asked to reconcile this
statement with the suggestion in his report that the two front brakes might
not have braked equally and that was why the vehicle veered to the right. Mr
Heese said that normally with a braking system balanced between left and
right, application of the brakes should have stabilised the initial swing
towards the right. It did not happen in this case. The only explanation he
could give was that either the front left brake was not working properly or
the right front brake was locking. This fault was not picked up by either Mr
Foo or Mr Ebrahim. Normally, when a person applied the brake under controlled
circumstances, the person would not be bothered by a slight pull to the right
or the left. However, in a situation of panic when the brakes were applied
without control then the defect would show up. When I asked the witness
whether he was speculating, he agreed that he was.

22 Other evidence adduced showed that the stretch of road where the accident
took place was straight and well maintained with good road markings. The road
was bordered by a gravelled shoulder and the area beyond the shoulder was
about 1.3m lower than the road surface. The road surface was dry at the time
of the accident and as it was still daylight and the weather conditions were
clear, visibility was good. After the accident, unfortunately, no forensic
examination of the right rear tyre was undertaken and thus the cause of the
blow-out could not be established. The vehicle has since been scrapped. The
owner of the vehicle, Mr Rithwaan Omer, testified that he had bought it,
second-hand, shortly before hiring it to the deceased, and at that time the
vehicle had passed a roadworthiness test. He also stated that the brakes of
the vehicle had been well maintained by him and he had no complaints about the
brakes before he hired it out to the deceased. Under cross-examination, Mr
Omer confirmed that no repair or maintenance work had been done on the vehicle
between the time he bought it and the time he rented it out as it had just
gone through and passed its roadworthiness test.

**The issues**

23 In his closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiffs defined the issues
as being:

(a) whether the defendant was allowed to drive in South Africa without an
international driving licence;

(b) whether the defendant was negligent in the way he drove the vehicle on 12
December 2001.

**_Breach of statutory duty_**

24 The first issue can be dealt with fairly briefly. Counsel for both parties
had agreed that, at the time of the accident, a Singaporean driver had to hold
an international driving licence if he wanted to drive in South Africa. It was
against South African law then for a Singaporean who did not hold such a
licence to drive in the country. The defendant did not dispute that he did not
have an international driving licence at the time of the accident. He should
not therefore have taken the wheel of the vehicle and he could, if the South
African authorities wish to do so, be prosecuted for having driven it. That
breach of South African law, however, does not automatically render the
defendant liable to the plaintiffs. The accident was not caused by the
defendant’s failure to obtain a valid international driving licence. The
evidence before me was that in December 2001, the defendant had had about 25
years of driving experience and held a valid Singapore driving licence. Whilst
not technically qualified to drive under South African law, he was a competent
and experienced driver.

25 Counsel for the defendant submitted that the law is clear: a defendant who
is in breach of a statutory provision such as driving licensing regulations
cannot be found liable for damages in a civil action in the absence of
negligence. This submission was based on _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2001) which states at para 11-12 that the basic
rule is that in the ordinary case, breach of a statutory duty does not in
itself give rise to a private law cause of action for damages. It is only when
construction of the statute in question establishes “that the statutory duty
was imposed for the protection of a limited class of the public and that
Parliament intended to confer on members of that class a private right of
action for breach of the duty” (see _X (Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council_
[1995] 2 AC 633 at 731) that such a cause of action will arise. The court
therefore has to look at the provisions of the statute that has been breached
to determine what private rights, if any, accrue from such breach.

26 In this case, there are two possible statutes that were breached: one in
South Africa and the other in Singapore. The plaintiffs did not adduce
evidence of the South African statute that required a foreigner to hold an
international driving licence. Nor did they call any expert witness to testify
that that statute was intended to confer a private right of action on persons
who were injured by foreigners who drove without a proper licence. Without
such evidence, I cannot hold that the defendant’s failure to obtain an
international driving licence by itself conferred, under South African law, a
right of action on the plaintiffs. As for the position in Singapore, as far as
I can see, there was no breach of any statutory duty in here. The Road Traffic
(International Circulation) Rules (Cap 276, R 7, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”)
made pursuant to the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) give the
Automobile Association of Singapore and the Deputy Commissioner of Police the
power to issue international driving permits to qualified persons who apply
for them (see r 4). The Rules do not provide that a person who is going abroad
must apply for an international driving permit. Since it is not mandatory for
someone to apply for such a permit, the defendant did not breach any Singapore
statutory provision. On this issue, therefore, I must find against the
plaintiffs.

**_Negligence or inevitable accident_**

27 The plaintiffs submitted that the accident was caused by the defendant’s
negligence. They submitted that the evidence showed that he did not
concentrate on his driving prior to the accident because while he was driving,
all the people present in the vehicle, including the defendant, were chatting
and taking in the sights. Secondly, he had been driving at an excessive speed
and that was the reason why he had to apply the brakes repeatedly thus causing
the vehicle to go out of control. Thirdly, the defendant had failed to
establish that the vehicle was travelling below the speed limit of 100km/h
when the accident occurred. Fourthly, he was negligent in that he failed to
steer the vehicle properly and overreacted to the bursting of the tyre causing
the vehicle to skid and to overturn.

28 The defence is that of inevitable accident. In the Canadian case of _Bown v
Rafuse_ (1969) 8 DLR (3d) 649, there was an extensive discussion of what a
defendant needed to establish in order to successfully maintain a defence of
inevitable accident. Dubinsky J considered the _dictum_ of Cartwright J in
_Rintoul v X-Ray & Radium Industries Ltd_ [1956] SCR 674 to the effect that a
person relying on inevitable accident had to show that “something happened
over which he had no control, and the effect of which could not have been
avoided by the greatest care and skill” and noted that in a succeeding
paragraph, Cartwright J had referred to “reasonable care”. He also noted that
in a 1957 Ontario Court of Appeal case, the view of the Privy Council in _The
Marpesia_ (1872) LR 4 PC 212 on inevitable accident had been preferred to that
of Cartwright J. In _The Marpesia_ , it was said at 220, following Dr
Lushington’s definition in _The Virgil_ (1843) 2 W Rob 205; 166 ER 730:

[I]nevitable accident … is … that which the party charged with the offence
could not possibly prevent by the exercise of ordinary care, caution, and
maritime skill.

Dubinsky J followed the Ontario Court of Appeal in adopting this definition.
The Privy Council decision has stood the test of time, as far as I am aware,
and the plaintiffs have not submitted any authority that impugns that
decision. Like Cartwright J therefore, I propose to adopt the definition laid
down in _The Marpesia_. In this case, therefore, to establish inevitable
accident, the defendant would have to show that he could not, by exercising
ordinary care, caution and skill, have prevented the accident.

29 Before I go on to discuss the facts here, it should be noted that in _Bown
v Rafuse_ , what had happened was that while the defendant was driving he
heard a gush of air from his left rear tyre and his car immediately began to
swerve towards an on-coming truck driven by the plaintiff in the opposite
direction. It hit both the plaintiff’s vehicle and the car following it. The
defendant did not apply his foot brake or emergency brake before the accident.
It was held that while proof of periodic checking of the tyres had indicated
them to be in satisfactory condition and thus established that the blow-out of
the tyre was unavoidable, such evidence did not establish that the collision
was an inevitable result of the blow-out. The defendant had explained that he
did not apply his brakes because he had once heard that one should never apply
brakes if one has a blow-out or flat tyre. The judge (at 660) found that the
road was completely dry and there was no evidence to suggest that either brake
on the car was not functioning properly or that the defendant had been driving
at an excessive rate of speed. Even if he had been unable to stop the car
instantly, had he applied his brakes he would have slowed down considerably
the careening vehicle as it moved towards not one, but two other vehicles, and
the result might very well have been different. In those circumstances,
Dubinsky J held that the defendant had not established that the accident could
not have been prevented by the exercise of reasonable care on his part. The
judge considered that whilst the defendant had been placed in difficult
circumstances, he had not shown that what he had done in those circumstances
was what a reasonable man might well have done when faced with a similar
situation.

30 In considering whether the defendant has made out his defence of inevitable
accident, I have also to consider the particulars of negligence relied on by
the plaintiffs as these two matters are opposite sides of the same coin. If
the defendant was negligent, then the accident could not have been inevitable.
If I find the accident was inevitable, then the defendant cannot be considered
to have been negligent.

31 The first of the plaintiffs’ allegations was that the defendant had been
driving without due attention to the road because he had been chatting and
observing the sights while driving. The defendant admitted that he had been
chatting and had looked at the sights through the front windshield. That
admission in itself does not mean that he was not paying proper attention to
his driving. Mdm Loh, who was awake throughout the time that the defendant was
at the wheel, agreed that from the time he took over the driving up to the
time of the incident, the defendant had been able to manage the vehicle well.
She did not make any adverse remark about his driving nor did she adduce
evidence from any of her children as to the manner in which the defendant had
driven. In fact, she felt safe during the journey. Whilst Mdm Loh did not
remember the route taken, the evidence was that there was a winding stretch of
road between Calitzdorp and Ladysmith along the Huysriver pass and one had to
drive relatively slowly there. At Ladysmith, there was a junction and a left
turn had to be taken to get the vehicle onto the R62 road. Mdm Loh had no
memory of any incident during this longish journey of one and a half to two
hours over unfamiliar terrain and that must be some indication that the
defendant’s driving was of a reasonable standard. In my view, there was
insufficient evidence to justify a holding that the defendant had not paid
proper attention to his driving.

32 The next allegation concerned the speed at which the vehicle was
travelling. There were two allegations in this respect. The first was that the
defendant was driving above the speed limit of 100km/h and the other was that
his speed was excessive in the circumstances. As regards the first allegation,
the defendant maintained that he had not been able to drive very fast at the
beginning of the trip because of the nature of the road between Calitzdorp and
Ladysmith. After Ladysmith and once he was on the R62 road, he had travelled
within the speed limit but he did not know what his speed just before the
accident was. According to Mr Heese’s reconstruction, based on the skid marks
that the vehicle left on the road, at the time the defendant applied the
brakes for the second time, the speed of the vehicle was between 84 and
91km/h. He estimated that the speed of the vehicle before the brakes were
applied for the first time was probably about 10km/h faster, _ie_ , between 94
and 101km/h.

33 There was no other evidence of what the defendant’s speed was. Mdm Loh
testified that she did not know what the speed of the vehicle was. She did
maintain that the defendant speeded up 15 minutes after he took the wheel,
because his daughter wanted to go to the toilet and he was trying to get to
the next town as quickly as possible for her sake. That evidence was not,
however, very credible as at the time the defendant took the wheel, the group
was in Calitzdorp and 15 minutes later, they were on their way towards
Ladysmith. If a toilet stop had been desired soon after the defendant started
driving, it would have been made at Ladysmith before the vehicle got on to the
R62 road. Yet, Mdm Loh agreed that no stops were made after the defendant
started driving. The defendant’s daughter, Michelle Foo, testified that she
had not made such a request of her father while he was driving. Significantly,
her evidence on this point was not challenged by counsel for the plaintiffs.
Additionally, in the statement she made shortly after the accident, Mdm Loh
stated that the defendant had not been driving fast. Whilst she sought to
disavow that statement before me, I found her disclaimer to be unbelievable.
It is notable that shortly after the accident Mdm Loh did not assert that the
defendant had been speeding.

34 Whilst counsel for the plaintiffs did challenge Mr Heese’s reconstruction,
I found Mr Heese to be a competent and convincing witness. His calculations
were based on measurements that were different from those of the traffic
police. However, the measurements were made at the site and I have no reason
to doubt the accuracy of his observations. He convinced me that any mistake in
the measurements of the accident site was made by the police and not by him.
The plaintiffs did not call any rebuttal evidence on this point from the South
African police although they had been able to arrange for one of the police
officers to give evidence through video link at the beginning of the trial. I
therefore find that the defendant’s speed at the time of the accident did not
exceed the speed limit for the R62 road.

35 That is not the end of the matter. Even if the defendant was travelling
within the speed limit, admittedly his speed was very close to that limit of
100km/h. The question is whether he was travelling at a speed that was
excessive in the circumstances. The speed limit for a particular road
specifies the maximum speed at which one can legally travel along that road,
but that does not mean that a driver who drives his vehicle at that speed can
never be considered to be driving at an excessive speed. Whether a particular
speed is excessive or not will depend not only on the speed limit but also on
the road and weather conditions at any particular time. In this particular
case, the road was straight, there was very little other vehicular traffic on
the road (in fact when the accident happened there were no other vehicles
nearby), weather conditions were good and visibility was clear. Mdm Loh did
not feel unsafe by reason of the manner in which the defendant was driving.
She also confirmed that none of the other passengers had objected to or
commented on the way he was driving. Mr Ebrahim managed to sleep throughout
the journey until the accident took place. In my view, the evidence
establishes that the defendant was not driving at an excessive speed just
before the accident even though his speed was probably at or close to the
speed limit.

36 I now come to the nub of the case: the bursting of the tyre and the events
that happened thereafter. The plaintiffs have not alleged that the defendant
was responsible in any way for the fact that the tyre burst. In this they were
wise as the defendant was not the owner of the vehicle or in any other way
responsible for the maintenance and condition of the tyres. Further, the
vehicle had carried the party for a few days and nothing had occurred to put
the defendant on notice as to the condition of the tyres. Mr Ebrahim’s
evidence was that he had checked all the tyres and they were in good
condition. In relation to the tyre, the plaintiffs’ allegation in their final
submission is that the defendant did not properly handle the urgent situation
that arose when the tyre burst.

37 The plaintiffs pointed out that the defendant had applied the brakes twice
after the tyre burst. The first application was a light tap while the second
application was a hard braking action intended to stop the vehicle completely.
These actions had been taken despite the defendant’s knowledge, as appeared
from his testimony, that the correct method of dealing with a burst tyre was
to “[h]old on stiff to the steering wheel. Maintain straight. Do not apply
hard brakes.” The defendant had failed to do what he asserted was the right
and prudent thing to do in reaction to a burst tyre situation. The plaintiffs
further submitted that it was unreasonable for the defendant to apply the
brakes a second time and/or to brake hard on the second occasion. The veering
of the vehicle after the first application of brakes (when the defendant had
merely tapped the brake pedal), ought to have been a warning to him against a
second application of the brakes. Yet he exacerbated the situation by applying
them again and more strongly.

38 The plaintiffs also submitted that the defendant had to brake repeatedly
because the vehicle was travelling at an excessive speed and it was due to the
speed of the vehicle that it veered right on the second occasion after it was
brought back to a straight travelling line. Since the defendant had managed to
regain control of the vehicle after it veered to the right when he applied the
brakes for the first time and since, at that time, the vehicle was travelling
along a straight road with no other vehicles in sight, there was no real
urgency to compel the defendant to brake hard in order to halt the vehicle
completely. The plaintiffs submitted that in all probability, the vehicle
would have travelled in a straight path if the brakes had not been applied the
second time. The prudent course for the defendant to follow in the
circumstances would have been to release the accelerator completely and allow
the vehicle to slow down until it came to a complete stop, or for him to allow
the vehicle to slow down somewhat and then reapply the brakes gently in order
to bring it to a complete stop. Their conclusion was that the defendant’s hard
application of the brakes and his failure to maintain a firm grip on the
steering wheel had caused the accident.

39 The defendant’s reply was that it was not the speed of the vehicle nor the
application of the brakes in itself that had caused the vehicle to go off the
road. He submitted that the reaction of the vehicle to the application of the
brakes after the bursting of the right rear tyre was not normal. Mr Heese had
stated that in such a situation, a gentle swing to the right might be expected
before the brakes were applied. During braking, however, a swing to the left
might be expected because the brakes would have a greater effect on the left
front and rear wheels. In this case, the defendant instead twice experienced a
pull to the right after braking. Mr Heese explained this unexpected reaction
by theorising that the two front brakes had not been equally effective. If the
right front brake was more effective than the left front brake, then the
vehicle would definitely swing to the right. He might have been speculating
but that is not by itself a reason to discard the explanation proferred by Mr
Heese. This explanation was coherent and credible.

40 The defendant submitted that it was not his actions that had caused the
vehicle to pull violently to its right when he braked after the bursting of
the tyre. During the period before the incident, the brakes had worked well
and thus the unexpected disparity in the braking efficiency between the left
and right wheels could have been brought about by the bursting of the tyre. It
was not his action but the unforeseeable reaction of the brakes that led to
the accident.

41 The evidence before me was that if a tyre deflates or bursts while the
vehicle is being driven, an unstable situation is created. The issue is how
best to deal with that situation. Various cases cited to me by counsel for the
defendant showed that different views had been taken by different judges
depending on the circumstances. In some cases like that of _Bown v Rafuse_
([28] _supra_), the driver of the vehicle with the burst tyre was found
negligent for not applying his brakes. In _Madyosi v SA Eagle Insurance Co
Ltd_ 1990 (3) SA 442 (“the _Madyosi_ case”), on the other hand, the driver of
a bus did not apply his brakes when a tyre burst and the bus subsequently left
the road and overturned, yet the driver was held not to have been negligent.
In this case, during the trial, counsel for the plaintiffs himself displayed
some uncertainty as to what the proper method of approaching such a situation
would be. His questions showed that the plaintiffs were trying to establish
that the defendant had not applied the brakes at all and that was why the
accident happened. It was only in the submissions that the plaintiffs accepted
that the defendant had applied the brakes and then used that admission on the
part of the defendant as evidence of negligence.

42 The defendant testified that his only previous experience of a similar
situation had been when a tyre deflated as he was driving in Malaysia. In that
case, he had applied his brakes and brought the vehicle to a stop. He had not
then experienced any pull to either side. In this case, the reaction of the
vehicle to the first application of the brakes had been completely unexpected
and it was this that had unnerved him. The only expert evidence in the case
was that of Mr Heese and he stated that the pull to the right was an unusual
reaction. He also calculated that it took about 1.25 seconds for the vehicle
to leave the road after the second application of the brakes. The usual time
in which a driver would be able to react to a situation on the road was 1.5
seconds, according to Mr Heese. Therefore, he said, the defendant had no time
in which to react to the second and violent swing of the vehicle to the right
and there was nothing he could do from that point onwards to avoid the
accident. The accident was inevitable. No one has been able to estimate the
time lapse between the first and second applications of the brakes. The
defendant himself said that everything happened in almost a split second and
that he had no time to decide what to do but had to simply react and he did
this by applying the brakes again in order to bring the vehicle to a complete
halt. Unfortunately, this action had the wrong result. There is of course no
way of knowing whether the accident would still have happened if he had not
applied the brakes at all. In the _Madyosi_ case after all, the driver was
unable to prevent the vehicle from leaving the road and overturning despite
his efforts to keep it on a straight course on the road.

43 As counsel for the defendant submitted, one has to scrutinise the
defendant’s conduct within the context of the situation with which he was
faced to determine whether a driver of ordinary skill and competence would
have reacted in the same way. It is relevant that once an ordinary driver is
faced with an unstable driving situation, his main aim would be to bring the
vehicle in which he is travelling to a stop as soon as possible. It is also
relevant that the ordinary driver is not trained in dealing with emergencies
such as that created by the bursting of a tyre. In this case, the defendant
had the theoretical knowledge that one should not apply the brakes hard in
such a situation but should attempt to keep the vehicle on a straight course
until it comes to a stop. However, he also had had a previous experience where
the application of the brakes had resulted in a safe outcome. He was driving
his family and his friends and was concerned for their safety above all
bearing in mind the unfamiliar road and driving conditions. He therefore tried
to slow down the vehicle in order to bring it to a stop and when his first
application of the brakes caused the vehicle to veer, he overreacted by
applying the brakes more strongly the second time. In hindsight he thought
that he had done the wrong thing but at the time he was doing his best to
control the situation for the safety of everyone in the vehicle.

44 In my view, the defendant was not negligent. He was faced with an agonising
situation. He took the course of action that had worked in the past. There was
some indication that this course of action was not suitable for this vehicle
but he had to make a split second decision and was not afforded the luxury of
the time needed to logically process the consequences of the first braking
action. It would have been counter-intuitive in the circumstances for him to
let the vehicle proceed at its own pace till it stopped. He was frightened for
the safety of his family and friends and did what he thought was the right
thing, on the basis of his previous experience, to keep them safe. It is easy
in hindsight to criticise him and say that he should not have braked the
second time but it must always be remembered that the dangerous situation the
defendant was in was not created by any action on his part and all he could do
was to react to it in the best way that he knew. There is no basis for holding
that his reactions were any different from those of the ordinary and careful
driver placed in the same situation. That he reacted in what turned out to be
the wrong way has meant tragic consequences for the plaintiffs and the
deceased and for the defendant himself. Having seen him in the witness box, I
know that the defendant will be haunted for a long time to come, if not for
the rest of his life, by the decisions he took on 12 December 2001.
Nevertheless, no matter how much the defendant may privately castigate himself
for his actions on that day, such regrets do not make him responsible in tort
for the sad outcome of something that was done with the best of intentions for
all concerned and with the exercise of ordinary care and skill.

**Conclusion**

45 In the circumstances, I find that the defendant was not negligent in his
handling of the vehicle when the tyre burst and that the bursting of the tyre
made the accident inevitable. This case must therefore be dismissed. I will
hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

