Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cycle and Carriage Motor Dealer Pte Ltd v Hong Leong Finance Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 274

Case Number | : | DA 13/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 December 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Adrian Ee Hock Hoe and Janice Chia Yong Yong (Ramdas and Wong) for the appellant; Phua Siow Choon (Michael BB Ong and Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Cycle and Carriage Motor Dealer Pte Ltd — Hong Leong Finance Ltd   
  
Tort – Conversion – Respondent purchasing vehicle and entering into hire
purchase agreement – Registered owner of vehicle deregistering vehicle in
breach of hire purchase agreement – Appellant purchasing Preferential
Additional Registration Fee certificate and using it to offset registration
fees on another vehicle – Whether certificate capable of conversion – Whether
respondent having immediate right of possession of certificate – Whether
appellant's dealings with certificate inconsistent with respondent's rights
and done with intention to assert rights inconsistent with respondent's  
  

9 December 2004

Lai Kew Chai J:

1 This was an appeal from the District Court ([2004] SGDC 105). It concerned
the actionability for conversion of a Preferential Additional Registration Fee
(“PARF”) certificate. In the court below, the learned district judge held that
a case for conversion was successfully made out by the respondent and ordered
the appellant to pay $92,710.00 with interest and costs fixed at $2,526.05.
After hearing the appeal by the appellant on 13 September 2004, I dismissed it
with costs fixed at $3,500.00. Before I set out the grounds for my decision,
the following facts are not in dispute.

**Agreed facts**

2 The respondent purchased one second-hand Mercedes Benz S280 AT bearing the
registration number SCK 8028A (“the vehicle”) from Hiap Hoe Motor Trading Co
(Pte) Ltd. On 15 September 2000, the appellant entered into a hire purchase
agreement with one Ang Eng Hian (“Ang”), for the amount of $110,000.00. Ang
was the registered owner of this vehicle.

3 At all material times, the respondent retained possession and custody of the
Vehicle Log Card and Certificate of Entitlement (“COE”).

4 A number of events occurred on 18 October 2000. The vehicle was
deregistered. The Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) issued PARF certificate no
0034376XP0000, for the deregistration. The PARF carried a rebate value of
$92,710.00. On the same day, one Huang Wei Duan, trading as E-Type Motoring,
sold the PARF certificate to the appellant for the sum of $92,710.00. The
appellant proceeded to use the PARF certificate for the registration of a
Mercedes E280 Elegance that was purchased by Starwood Asia Pacific Management
Pte Ltd (“Starwood”).

5 The PARF certificate was transferred to Starwood, and its value offset the
payment of the additional registration fee, quota premium and registration fee
for Starwood’s new Mercedes E280 Elegance.

6 What is also not disputed by the parties is that the appellant was not aware
of the existence of the hire purchase agreement or circumstances which led to
the deregistration of the first vehicle.

7 On 18 August 2003, the respondent claimed against the appellant the sum of
$92,710.00 being damages for conversion of the PARF certificate. It also
brought an alternative claim for money had and received, but this was not
pursued at trial or on appeal. In this appeal, I only have to address the
issue of the claim for conversion in respect of the PARF certificate, and why
it should succeed in this case, as found by the learned district judge.

8 An explanation of the special circumstances surrounding car hire purchase
transactions and vehicular ownership in Singapore would set the issue in some
context. Here I rely on the learned district judge’s lucid explanation at [10]
of her judgment:

In Singapore, the [moneys] disbursed under hire purchase agreements for cars
cover various distinct property interests: the value of the physical chattel,
expressed as Open Market Value (‘OMV’), a [ten-year] licence to own the car,
being the Certificate of Entitlement (‘COE’), and a Special Registration Fee
(‘ARF’). These properties also have distinct transactional values. The car
could be sold for parts or exported in whole. COE and ARF have a surrender
value calculated upon their unexpired remainder tenure. For cars with COEs
registered before May 2002, the PARF rebate is a percentage of the OMV, with
the percentage varying with the age of the car. For cars registered with COEs
obtained after May 2002, the PARF rebate is a percentage of the ARF, with the
percentage varying with the age of the car. This rebate may be used to offset
the taxes and fees of a new car, in particular, the ARF, the COE Quota Premium
and the Registration Fee. The value of the rebate is evidenced by the PARF
certificate issued at time of deregistration. The PARF certificate may be
transferred and is widely traded.

9 The noteworthy point about PARF certificates is that they represent a rebate
value, which may offset taxes and other fees. I would also add that although
the PARF certificate may be transferred and is widely traded, its value is
determined by reference to the previous vehicle for which it was issued, even
if this was done at the point of deregistration. In the peculiar circumstances
of vehicular ownership in our country, I agree with the learned district
judge’s observations that PARF certificates provide evidence of what is
actually the surrender value of a vehicle upon deregistration. When the PARF
certificate comes into existence, after a hirer breaches the terms of his hire
purchase agreement and deregisters the vehicle in question, it would follow
that the vehicle’s surrender value also crystallises at the point of the
breach. Against this factual matrix, I would conclude that it is simply not
practicable as a matter of law to separate the PARF certificate from the
vehicle under hire purchase.

10 I turn now to the action in conversion in respect of the PARF certificate.

**Ingredients of the conversion action in this case**

11 The form of conversion referred to in this case is summarised in
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 45 (4th Ed, 1985) para 1422, that “there must
be a positive wrongful act in dealing with the goods in a manner inconsistent
with the owner’s rights, and an intention in so doing to deny the owner’s
rights or to assert a right inconsistent with them”. The passage goes on to
state that there need not be any knowledge on the part of the person sued that
the goods belong to someone else; nor need there be any positive intention to
challenge the true owner’s rights. Fraud is not a necessary ingredient. Goods
may be the subject of successive and independent conversions by persons
dealing with them in such a manner and with such an intention.

12 In summary, the learned district judge held as follows:

(a) The PARF certificate is a chattel that is capable of conversion. The value
of it is the face value of the certificate.

(b) The fact that the appellant had no knowledge of the intervening fraud
(_ie_ Ang’s breach of the hire purchase agreement) and was a _bona fide_
purchaser of the PARF certificate for value, is not material to the present
proceedings. Dealing with the goods in a manner inconsistent with the owner’s
rights, and an intention in so doing to assert rights that are inconsistent
with the owner’s, are sufficient.

(c) Once the physical document, the PARF certificate, came into existence in
the course of Ang’s breach of his hire purchase agreement, the respondent had
an immediate right of possession of it. The PARF certificate formed an
integral part of the motor car. From the outset, the hire purchase company
owns the surrender value of a car, and this is evidenced by the PARF
certificate.

**Issues in the appeal**

13 In the appeal before me, I could not perceive any serious challenge to the
first two findings. The PARF certificate is a chattel that evidences a chose
in action. It is capable of conversion. The learned district judge drew a
correct analogy with cheques, which have been held to be capable of
conversion: _Kleinwort, Sons & Co v Comptoir National D’Escompte de Paris_
[1894] 2 QB 157. I was referred to the following passage in _Lloyds Bank,
Limited v The Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China_ [1929] 1 KB 40 at
55:

Conversion primarily is conversion of chattels, and the relation of bank to
customer is that of debtor and creditor. As no specific coins in a bank are
the property of any specific customer there might appear to be some difficulty
in holding that a bank … had converted its customer’s chattels; but a series
of decisions … have surmounted the difficulty by treating the conversion as of
the chattel, the piece of paper, the cheque under which the money was
collected, and the value of the chattel converted as the money received under
it …

14 This is well-settled law. The appellant tried to argue that the “surrender
value” is not a subject matter that is capable of conversion. The learned
district judge was clearly referring to the immediate right to possession of
the physical certificate, once it came into existence following Ang’s breach.
It is perfectly acceptable proposition for the respondent to argue, as it has
done, that as a cheque, the PARF certificate is a piece of paper (of value).
It may form the subject matter of conversion proceedings. I also make
reference to _Exklusiv Auto Services Pte Ltd v Chan Yong Chua Eric_ [1996] 1
SLR 433. An action for conversion of a COE was dismissed on the ground that
there was no evidence that the COE was the property of the appellant in that
case. What is implicit is that COEs are capable of being the subject matter of
conversion. The same should hold true for PARF certificates.

15 Equally obvious is the irrelevance of the appellant’s knowledge of Ang’s
breach of the hire purchase agreement. As set out in the passage on conversion
that is summarised in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ ([11] _supra_), such
knowledge is immaterial. This passage has been referred to in _UCO Bank v
Ringler Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR 713.

16 The appellant argued that the consequence of holding that an innocent party
may be liable for conversion of a PARF certificate issued by the LTA would be
that any person purchasing PARF certificates is potentially liable for
conversion. This is not true in every case. Conversion actions can be avoided
if proper inquiry is made of the claim of title of the vehicle and its
accompanying certificates, such as COE and PARF. There is no credible
suggestion that a finding against innocent parties, as in the case, would
provide companies such as the respondent with limitless actions for
conversions. Once an order for damages is made following the determination of
liability, the claimant is compensated for his entire interest in the chattel.
His title is extinguished, and the parties move on.

17 The principal question, upon which a conversion action succeeds or fails,
is to identify who had the immediate right to possess the subject matter of
conversion. A breach of any hire purchase agreement would give the hire
purchase company the right to immediate possession of the car and to maintain
an action for conversion: see _North General Wagon & Finance Co Ld v Graham_
[1950] 2 KB 7.

18 In the present appeal, the court had to determine who had the immediate
right to possess the PARF certificate at the time the PARF certificate was
issued pursuant to the deregistration of the vehicle. Was it Ang or the
respondent? The appellant submitted that it was Ang who had the immediate
right to possess the PARF certificate. It challenged the learned district
judge’s conclusion that the respondent had the immediate right to possess the
PARF certificate at the time it was issued, and therefore the respondent had
the right to maintain an action against the appellant for conversion of the
certificate.

19 The appellant did not dispute that the respondent had the immediate right
to possess the vehicle (as opposed to the accompanying documents) if there was
a breach of the hire purchase agreement. This is apparent from cl 9 of the
agreement. With respect to the PARF certificate, it argued that the immediate
right to possess the PARF certificate vested in Ang, for two reasons. Firstly,
the hire purchase agreement does not provide for the immediate right to
possess the PARF certificate, or the rebate value that it represents.
Secondly, it was argued that Ang had the immediate right to possess the PARF
certificate by the operation of the Road Traffic (Motor Vehicles, Registration
and Licensing) Rules (Cap 276, R 5, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). The appellant
argued that r 8(3)(a) provides that the “applicant” for the PARF rebate “has
to be or has been the registered owner” of the motor vehicle. Rule 2(1)
defines the “registered owner” as a person registered under the Road Traffic
Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) as the owner of the motor vehicle.
However, the Act clearly does not envisage “owner” to mean “legal owner”. On
the contrary, s 2 of the Act defines “owner” in relation to a vehicle which is
the subject of a hiring or hire purchase agreement, to mean the person in
possession of the vehicle under that agreement. That is not an explicit
reference to legal ownership.

20 The references to the Rules do not assist the court when determining who
has the immediate right to possess. Even where the PARF certificate was issued
in Ang’s name by the LTA, by the operation of the Rules, the definition of
“owner” in the Act does not in any way vest the immediate right to possess on
Ang _per se_.

21 The most practicable solution is to proceed on the basis that the PARF
certificate actually forms part of the vehicle that is subject to hire
purchase arrangements. I bear in mind the following factors:

(a) Without the PARF and COE, a vehicle cannot be used on the roads of
Singapore;

(b) The value of the PARF certificate is directly related to the age of the
motor vehicle;

(c) The PARF value is directly related to the ARF paid upon the registration
of the motor vehicle; and

(d) The PARF certificate is issued by the LTA after the motor vehicle is
deregistered.

22 Within the scheme of the Act and the Rules, the PARF certificate, like the
COE, is inextricably linked with the vehicle.

23 An appropriate analogy may be drawn with conversion actions that are
brought in respect of vehicles that are sold together with licences of value.
The case of _Douglas Valley Finance Co Ltd v S Hughes (Hirers) Ltd_ [1969] 1
QB 738 is instructive. Licences known as special “A” licences were attached to
certain lorries that were subject to hire purchase arrangements. The effect of
the special “A” licences was that they substantially increased the value of
the motor vehicles. A series of transactions caused a severance of the special
“A” licences from the lorries, which resulted in a diminution in their value.
This led to an action by the plaintiff against the defendant for conversion of
the licences. The court held that these licences were so much appurtenant to
the vehicles that without them the vehicles could not be used for their
designated purpose and the licences substantially affected their value.

24 By parity of reasoning, once a PARF certificate or COE is taken away from a
motor vehicle, the latter can no longer be used for its intended purpose
within our legislative framework.

25 Inasmuch as the respondent was the legal owner of the vehicle (under the
hire purchase arrangement), it was also the legal owner of the PARF
certificate. Accordingly, the right of immediate possession vests with the
respondent. It is the respondent who can legitimately maintain an action for
conversion in respect of the PARF certificate. The fact that the PARF
certificate is only issued at the stage of deregistration does not affect this
principle. I agreed with the learned district judge when she reasoned that
from the outset the respondent, as the hire purchase company, owned the
surrender value. The right to the PARF rebate crystallised from inception. The
value at any point during the hire purchase depended on such facts as the age
of the vehicle and its Open Market Value. Once the PARF certificate was
issued, the respondent held an immediate right of possession of it.

26 Once chattels have been let on hire purchase terms, it is trite that the
hirer does not acquire any better title than a possessary one. No proprietary
interest will vest in the hirer until he has made his last payment and
exercised his option to purchase. Until the hirer undertakes these final
steps, the _nemo dat_ rule will prevent him from transferring a better title.
I fail to see how any rule of law or equity can operate to vest to the hirer
the immediate right of possession of the PARF certificate, thereby excusing
the appellant from any liability for conversion.

27 For the above reasons, I was of the view that the PARF certificate can in
fact form the subject matter of conversion, and was in fact converted by the
appellant when it used the certificate to offset the registration fees for its
customer, Starwood. I accordingly dismissed the appeal, with costs of the
appeal fixed at $3,500.00.

Appeal dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

