Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Ping Koon and Another  
[2004] SGHC 205

Case Number | : | CC 27/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Khoo and Magdalene Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Subhas Anandan and Anand Nalachandran (Harry Elias Partnership) for first accused; Lee Teck Leng (Lee Associates) and Chen Chee Yen (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Ping Koon; Chua Ser Lien   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Kidnapping – Meaning of Abduction –
Section 3 Kidnapping Act (Cap 151, 1999 Rev Ed).  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Kidnapping – Whether demand for ransom
necessary to establish offence – Section 3 Kidnapping Act (Cap 151, 1999 Rev
Ed).  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Forms of punishment – Whether
to impose imprisonment for life or death penalty – Whether to impose caning.  
  

9 September 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J:

**The charges**

1 Tan Ping Koon (“the first accused”) claimed trial to the following charge:

You, Tan Ping Koon, on the 25th of December 2003, at about 4.30 pm at No XX YY
Avenue, Singapore, together with one Chua Ser Lien, and in furtherance of the
common intention of you both, abducted one S (Date of Birth: 28.06.1996), with
intent to hold the said S for ransom, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 3 of the Kidnapping Act, Chapter 151, read
with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

I have omitted the house number and street name, and used a pseudonym “S” as
the name of the victim as she is only eight years old now and still resides in
that house which I shall refer to as “the house in question”.

2 Chua Ser Lien (“the second accused”) claimed trial to a similar charge
except that in his charge, the name of the first accused in the charge above
has been substituted with that of the second accused and _vice versa_.

**The Statement of Agreed Facts**

3 The Prosecution and the two teams of defence counsel for the accused persons
managed to draw up a Statement of Agreed Facts, thereby obviating the calling
of dozens of witnesses to testify in court, including the victim and two of
her young siblings. By this very pragmatic and focused approach to fulfilling
their duties to the court and to their respective clients, they have saved a
lot of time for the witnesses, the investigators and the court and probably
spared the young witnesses some anxiety as well. I am therefore deeply
appreciative of the pre-trial work done by Deputy Public Prosecutor David
Khoo, Mr Subhas Anandan and Mr Lee Teck Leng, the respective lead counsel for
the Defence, and their assistants. I am pleased to note that such a
commendable attitude has always been characteristic of Mr Subhas Anandan and
Mr Lee Teck Leng whenever they appear in my court.

4 I now highlight the salient points in the Statement of Agreed Facts, which
incorporated, by reference, the statements made by both accused persons to the
police during the investigations.

5 The first accused is now 35 years old while the second accused is now 42
years old. They both resided in the Tampines public housing estate and have
known each other for about seven years. Both were self-employed. In late 2003,
both of them were heavily in debt, each owing his creditors about half a
million dollars or more.

6 In early December 2003, they met to discuss ways of settling their huge
debts. At first, they toyed with the idea of trafficking in drugs but decided
that was too risky and would not give them the returns they needed to solve
their financial woes. The second accused then suggested kidnap as an
alternative and the first accused agreed to join him.

7 About a week before Christmas 2003, with the pressure from creditors and
from business expenses building up, the two friends “decided to go for it”.
They reckoned they required about $2m to settle their problems and therefore
begun to discuss the possible targets who could afford to pay this amount.
They eventually narrowed the possibilities to two companies.

8 Later, they went to the then Registry of Companies and Businesses in
International Plaza and, with the assistance of the staff there, obtained the
print-outs on the particulars of the two companies, which included the
residential addresses of their directors. The first accused noted that one of
the companies, a public one, had an impressive paid-up capital.

9 The next day, they drove to the residential addresses of the respective
managing directors of the said companies to do a survey. After some time, they
decided to zero in on the managing director of the public listed company.
Through a childhood friend, the second accused had heard about that managing
director and was confident he could afford to pay a ransom of $2m. The
childhood friend used to be a business partner of the said managing director.
They then did a stake-out on the business premises of that company and the
home of that managing director to confirm that he was living at that
residential address by noting the presence of the same chauffeur-driven luxury
car in both locations. The said managing director, whom I shall refer to as D,
is the father of S and the residential address is the one stated in the
kidnapping charges.

10 The accused persons decided to kidnap one of D’s children. They would keep
the kidnapped child in the first accused’s flat and then ask D for a ransom of
$2m. They planned to use the second accused’s car, a silver-coloured Toyota
RAV-4 with the registration number SDS 6603Z. To prepare for the kidnap, they
went to several shops in the Ubi industrial estate and purchased wrapping
papers and sunshades to try to disguise the RAV-4, masking tape, a
screwdriver, two black caps and nylon string. They also went to make false
number plates for the RAV-4, coming up with the fictitious registration number
SDM 4569 (according to the second accused) or SBM 4569Z (according to the
first accused). All these items were kept in the RAV-4.

11 On 23 December 2003, the second accused spent $400 buying 4D lottery
tickets on the real and the fictitious registration numbers (6603 and 4569).
He informed the first accused that if any of the numbers should strike on
Christmas eve, they would have a windfall of almost $200,000 and would then
call off the kidnap. However, luck eluded them.

12 On Christmas day, the second accused contacted the first accused around
noon and they decided to drive to the house in question to have a look. They
noticed the family’s multi-purpose vehicle (“MPV”) parked along the road
outside the house. D’s luxury car was not around. The gates were opened and
there were three or four female adults talking in the garden. There were also
two or three children in the compound of the house. They decided it was a good
time to kidnap any of the children. They then drove to a small lane not too
far away to change the number plates of the RAV-4 and to “decorate” or
disguise it by pasting wrapping paper on the doors and the spare tyre cover.
They also placed the sunshades on the windows and the rear windscreen. From
there, the first accused took over as the driver as he was “too fat for fast
movement”.

13 They returned to the house in question but the children could no longer be
seen. They parked the RAV-4 behind the MPV. The second accused used the
screwdriver to release the air from the MPV’s left front and rear tyres and
then returned to his car to have a cigarette. He told the first accused to be
ready by putting on his black cap and having the car in “drive” gear. At about
4.30pm, he walked to the house in question.

14 D’s family was preparing for a Christmas party to be held in the house
later that evening. The gates were left ajar as the catering assistants and
the event co-ordinator were setting up the buffet tables and the decorations.
D was not home at that time. His wife was on the second level of the three-
storey house. Three of their children were in the living room. Two of them
were seated on the floor playing electronic games on the television set while
S was seated on the sofa behind them.

15 As the second accused walked into the compound of the house, he used a
handkerchief to mask the lower half of his face. He opened the main door
leading to the living room and saw the three children. He decided to grab hold
of S because she was nearest to him. He then carried S and dashed out of the
house with her. When S started screaming, he used his left hand to cover her
mouth. The first accused heard the screaming and quickly pulled the RAV-4 to
the front entrance of the house. The second accused opened the rear door and
jumped into the back seat with S. The car then sped away towards Yio Chu Kang
Road.

16 Coincidentally, as the second accused was making his way into the house
earlier, Ang Teck Ann arrived at the house in his van with his wife, Chua Siew
Eng and her colleague, Ho Yen Yen. Both ladies worked as catering assistants
and were there to help set up the buffet. Ang Teck Ann was giving them a lift
there. After letting the two ladies alight, Ang Teck Ann drove off. As they
walked into the compound of the house, the second accused dashed out carrying
S.

17 Ho Yen Yen and one of S’s siblings noticed that the getaway car was white
in colour. In addition, Ho Yen Yen managed to catch a glimpse of its
registration number plate which, she believed, was SDN 4569. In the meantime,
S’s mother, who had heard the commotion, went down to the ground floor and was
informed by her two children and the catering assistants about what had
happened. She immediately called the police who received the following
message:

My daughter was kidnapped. We were in the middle of a party when a man came in
a white Mercedes and took her away in the vehicle. The vehicle is SDN 4569. It
is going towards Punggol direction.

It was unclear who told her the getaway car was a Mercedes.

18 Ho Yen Yen told Chua Siew Eng to alert her husband about the getaway car.
Chua Siew Eng then called her husband on his mobile phone, told him about the
incident and asked him to look out for a car bearing the number 4569. He was
then in the vicinity of Yio Chu Kang Road. About that time, the speeding RAV-4
overtook his van, made a U-turn and headed for Pasir Ris. Ang Teck Ann
followed the RAV-4 in his van.

19 Inside the RAV-4, the second accused wanted to use a T-shirt to cover S’s
face but she told him not to do so, promising him she would not tell her
mother. He also wanted to use masking tape on her mouth but did not do so as
she said she was afraid. They spoke to each other casually. She told him she
did not know her father’s name when he asked her about it.

20 The first accused then informed the second accused that there was a white
vehicle tailing them and that that vehicle had earlier dropped off two
passengers outside the house in question. After noticing that the white
vehicle was following their every move, they decided to abandon S. Along Pasir
Ris Street 72, they stopped the RAV-4 and the second accused opened its left
rear door and told S to alight. The RAV-4 then sped off leaving the barefooted
S standing by the roadside, scared and crying.

21 Ang Teck Ann pulled up in his van and told S to get on board. After she did
so, he tried to chase the RAV-4 but lost sight of it. He then returned to the
house in question with S. By that time, the police and S’s father were at the
house.

22 In the meantime, the two accused persons brought the RAV-4 to a multi-
storey carpark where they removed all the “decorations” and replaced the false
registration number plates with the genuine ones. They were a bit disappointed
that the said white vehicle had foiled their plans. After that, they went to
the first accused’s office in the cargo complex of Changi International
Airport where they burnt the false number plates and some of their kidnapping
paraphernalia in an incense bin. They then returned to their respective homes.

23 That night, they met again to discuss the incident. They wondered whether
S’s family had reported the incident to the police. They decided to call D the
next day to ask him for money in return for the safety of his family.

24 On 26 December 2003, the second accused went to purchase two phone cards.
He then went to have lunch with the first accused. After lunch, the first
accused called D’s company and managed to obtain D’s handphone number from one
of the staff. The first accused then called D and told him he was the one who
kidnapped his daughter the day before. He claimed that his boss had instructed
him to kill D’s children in return for a reward of $5m but he could not bear
to do so as S was a lovely child. He said he could have pushed S out of the
car the previous day if he had wanted to kill her. He claimed that his gang
wanted to escape and he asked D to give him $1m. D replied that $1m was not a
small amount and asked him to call again at night. D then reported the matter
to the police.

25 When the first accused called D again that night, D told him he needed time
to raise the $1m from his friends. When D asked him who the mastermind of the
kidnap was, he was told that the boss was from a foreign land. D then asked
him to call again in about an hour.

26 At about 9.43pm, the first accused called D to ask how much money he had
managed to raise. When D said he needed more time, the first accused told him
he was in urgent need of funds as he intended to return to his homeland as
soon as possible. He reminded D he could have finished off his daughter with a
knife but did not do so. This time, D was told that the boss behind all this
was a local. D promised to do his best to raise as much money as possible. He
asked the caller to call again between 10.30pm and 11.00pm that night.

27 At about 11.40pm, the first accused called D to ask how much money he had
mustered, D told him he could raise $30,000 to $40,000 only. The first accused
sounded annoyed and told D he would receive $5m for kidnapping his children
and $2m for killing one of them. He said the sum raised was not enough for him
and his gang to share and added that D’s life should be worth more than his. D
tried to calm him down by promising to do his very best to raise more money,
adding that he was grateful his daughter was not harmed and he would be told
who the mastermind was after paying the money. He asked the caller to call him
again after noon the next day.

28 On 27 December 2003, around noon, D got another call. He managed to
persuade the caller to accept $70,000. The caller then told D he would call
again to give further instructions. With the assistance of police officers, D
prepared and packed $70,000 into a black briefcase. The serial numbers of the
notes had been recorded on five pieces of paper.

29 At about 2.00pm, D was told by the caller to leave his house alone
immediately. D did so and while he was driving along the Pan Island
Expressway, the caller called to instruct him to make a U-turn towards the
city. He was then directed to stop at lamppost 295 and to proceed to the
nearby emergency telephone booth number 707 and to leave the briefcase
containing the money there. He was then told to return home.

30 The first accused, who had positioned himself on an overhead bridge
overseeing the said telephone booth, signalled to the second accused, who was
hiding in some bushes in the vicinity, to retrieve the briefcase from the
telephone booth. The second accused did so and then walked back to the public
carpark at Block 528 Bedok North Street 3 where they had parked the RAV-4. He
took out the money and discarded the briefcase at a rubbish collection centre
nearby. He then drove the car to pick up the first accused at their designated
meeting point at Block 722 Bedok Reservoir Road. They left together for lunch
at a coffee shop at Block 164 Tampines Street 12.

31 After lunch, the pair walked back to the car where they were pounced on by
police officers and arrested. The police officers recovered a bundle of $1,000
and $50 notes amounting to $10,000 near the front seats of the car and six
pieces of $10,000 notes from a bag in its boot. The serial numbers of these
notes matched those written down by the police earlier.

32 Upon this Statement of Agreed Facts, the Prosecution closed its case.

**No case to answer**

33 Both counsel for the accused persons then requested a day’s break in the
proceedings to prepare their submissions of no case to answer on the
kidnapping charges. They were of the view that the facts contained in the
Statement of Agreed Facts did not disclose an offence under s 3 of the
Kidnapping Act (Cap 151, 1999 Rev Ed) as no demand for ransom had been made
before S was released. I granted the request and adjourned the trial to
Wednesday, 8 September 2004.

34 However, in the afternoon of Tuesday, 7 September 2004, I was informed that
both defence counsel had called to say that their clients would plead guilty
to the respective kidnapping charges.

**Plea of guilt**

35 On Wednesday, 8 September 2004, both defence counsel informed the court
that they had looked further into the law relating to the kidnapping charges
and were now satisfied that an offence under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act had
been made out on the agreed facts. They said their clients would plead guilty
as charged and would accept the Statement of Agreed Facts as it stood. Both
accused persons confirmed that they were changing their pleas. They pleaded
guilty to the respective kidnapping charge and were convicted accordingly.

36 Each of the two accused persons also faced one charge under s 384 read with
s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) of having extorted $70,000 from
D between 26 and 27 December 2003 by threatening to cause harm to his family
members. These extortion charges were admitted and taken into consideration
for sentencing after the two accused persons were convicted on the kidnapping
charges.

**Antecedents**

37 Both accused persons had no previous convictions on record.

**Mitigation for the first accused**

38 Mr Subhas Anandan submitted that both accused persons should be regarded as
having pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity as they did not do so on the
first day of trial only because of the then unresolved legal issue. The first
accused agreed to have a Statement of Agreed Facts thereby sparing the
witnesses, especially the eight-year-old S, from having to testify in court.
That was a clear demonstration of his remorse.

39 The first accused lived with his nine-year-old daughter in a flat. His wife
left him in July 2003 due to some matrimonial problems. That was why the plan
was to hold S in his flat after the abduction.

40 He had debts amounting to some $500,000 and was on the run from loan
sharks. He had sought refuge in Malaysia but decided to return home because of
his daughter. The kidnapping was a very desperate act as he felt there was no
other way of solving his financial difficulties.

41 Quoting a medical report dated 3 March 2004 from the Institute of Mental
Health in respect of the first accused, Mr Subhas Anandan submitted that if
the charge had been one of murder, it would, in all likelihood, have been
reduced to culpable homicide not amounting to murder because of the diminished
responsibility of the first accused. The medical report by Dr Gwee Kok Peng
concluded:

In my opinion, the accused was suffering from the following at the time of the
alleged offence:

1. Depression with Anxiety

2. Temporal Lobe Epilepsy

3. Low intelligence with poor verbal reasoning skills, planning difficulties and concrete thinking. These may be related to his temporal lobe epilepsy.

His depression was manifest as low mood, energy and self-esteem, poor sleep,
social withdrawal, suicidal thinking and hopelessness. The contributing
stressors were his marital problems, wife’s miscarriage and unemployment, his
mother’s stroke, his business failure and financial difficulties.

Given his low intelligence, poor verbal reasoning, planning difficulties and
concrete thinking, he had difficulty coping with the multiple stressors at the
time. Adding that to the hopelessness aggravated by his depression, he tended
to resort to desperate, short-sighted measures.

He was not of unsound mind at the material time. However, his psychiatric
problems did impair his judgment.

He is likely to benefit from treatment, which should include problem solving
counselling and medication.

He is fit to plead currently.

It was stressed that reliance on the medical report was not to evade
responsibility for his acts but merely to plead for the court’s compassion in
view of his problems.

42 The abduction lasted less than half an hour and S was not harmed physically
although the first accused accepted that there could be some mental trauma.
The death penalty was clearly inappropriate here. I was also urged not to
order caning in addition to imprisonment for life.

**Mitigation for the second accused**

43 Mr Lee Teck Leng submitted that imprisonment for life was sufficient
punishment in this case “on account of their stupidity in actually asking the
victim’s family for money when the victim was no longer in their hands and
their stupidity in believing the assurance of the victim’s father that he did
not report the matter to the police, and the [second] accused’s psychiatric
history which had a direct bearing on the commission of the offence”.

44 The second accused is married with two children aged five and six
respectively. He was the sole breadwinner of the family. The younger child is
autistic. The second accused was a first offender and was driven by the
financial difficulties of his cleaning firm to commit the offence.

45 The victim was released before any ransom was demanded by the accused
persons. That meant S’s family did not have to undergo the trauma of
negotiating for her release and of scrambling for money to pay the ransom. S
was not assaulted nor threatened as there was never any intention to hurt her.
She was not tied up or blindfolded. Upon her request, the second accused did
not gag her in the car. She was reassured during the ride that they had no
intention of harming her. No weapon was used throughout the episode which
lasted for less than half an hour only. The second accused was remorseful. He
had co-operated fully with the investigators.

46 Like the first accused, the second accused also had psychiatric problems.
Dr Lee Cheng of the Institute of Mental Health in a medical report dated 4
February 2004 reported that the second accused “suffers from a Bipolar
Disorder” and “has recurrent depressive episodes and a manic episode in May
2001”. The second accused was also found to be fit to plead and to stand trial
and not of unsound mind at the material time despite being depressed.

47 Dr Francis Ngui, Consultant Psychiatrist and Medical Director of the Adam
Road Hospital, prepared a medical report dated 12 April 2004 on the second
accused after examining him on 17 and 22 March 2004. He noted that the second
accused had been diagnosed in May 2001 to have Schizoaffective Disorder, a
severe form of mental illness. During that time, he was talkative and
irrelevant in his speech, had delusions of grandeur and paranoia and heard
hallucinatory voices. “He was illogical, his judgment was severely impaired
and he was out of touch with reality.” He was hospitalised in Adam Road
Hospital between 27 May and 16 June 2001 for treatment.

48 From June 2001 to May 2002, his mental state was stable. From July 2002
onwards, he started complaining about feeling stressed. From October 2002,
there was a recurrence of sleeplessness and mood swings. In January 2003, he
was noted to be depressed at a clinic review and was started on anti-psychotic
medication. He defaulted on his outpatient treatments between March and August
2003. When assessed in August 2003, his mood was significantly depressed and
agitated. He was last reviewed on 12 November 2003.

49 Dr Francis Ngui concluded that the second accused had Bipolar Disorder, a
major form of mental illness characterised by episodes of severe mood swings.
“During such episodes, the person becomes psychotic, losing touch with reality
due to impaired judgment and logic.” He was of the opinion that the second
accused’s history indicated that:

[H]e was still having a Depressive Episode during December 2003, right up to
the time of his offence on Christmas Day. He was demoralised, depressed and
kept lamenting about being a failure as a father and husband. He had also
stopped his medication for several weeks before the offence.

In my opinion, Mr Chua was suffering from an abnormality of mind caused by his
Depressive Episode of his Bipolar Disorder, and this abnormality was severe
enough to significantly affect his mental state and substantially impair his
mental responsibility for his act of kidnapping. The severity of his
Depressive Episode from his Bipolar Disorder caused him to view his financial
situation as bleaker than what it really was. As a result, his problem solving
capabilities were impaired significantly, restricting his discernment and
judgment in finding more appropriate choices to settling his debts.

50 Based on the above medical reports, it was submitted that:

If the [second] accused did not suffer from his mental illness, he would
probably not have committed the offence. In light of this diminished
responsibility on the part of the [second] accused, we urge the Court to
temper justice with mercy.”

51 Finally, two related cases involving sentencing under s 3 of the Kidnapping
Act were highlighted to me for guidance. I shall deal with these later.

**Prosecution’s submissions on sentence**

52 The Prosecution did not wish to make any submissions on sentence.

**The decision of the court**

53 Section 3 of the Kidnapping Act provides:

Whoever, with intent to hold any person for ransom, abducts or wrongfully
restrains or wrongfully confines that person shall be guilty of an offence and
shall be punished on conviction with death or imprisonment for life and shall,
if he is not sentenced to death, also be liable to caning.

Section 2 of the same Act states that “abduction” shall have the meaning
assigned to it in s 362 of the Penal Code, which reads:

Whoever by force compels, or by any deceitful means induces any person to go
from any place, is said to abduct that person.

Where the charges taken into consideration were concerned, s 384 of the Penal
Code provides:

Whoever commits extortion shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of
not less than 2 years and not more than 7 years and with caning.

54 The second accused compelled S to go out of her home by forcibly carrying
her to the RAV-4 and causing her to be driven away in it. The act of abduction
was complete the moment the second accused carried her out of the compound of
the house in question onto the road. The words “any place” in s 362 of the
Penal Code have to be construed in a commonsensical way according to the
particular factual situation. Here, the words would mean the house in question
and that would of course include the compound of the house. Abduction is
complete even though the intended destination has not been reached or, as in
this case, the person abducted was abandoned along the way for whatever
reason.

55 However, in order to sustain a conviction under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act,
the Prosecution must prove that the abduction was with the intention of
holding that person for ransom. I have already attempted to explain what
“ransom” means in _PP v Selvaraju s/o Satippan_ [2004] SGHC 154, a decision
which is going before the Court of Appeal soon. A demand for ransom made after
abduction would offer the best proof of the purpose of the abduction but no
demand made does not mean no intention to make a demand. What has to be proved
is the intent, not the demand nor the payment of ransom. In the present case,
the voluntary statements of both accused persons put the matter beyond any
dispute. The only purpose of abducting S was to force her father to pay their
price for her release. The offence is complete even if the perpetrators did
not succeed in their purpose.

56 The then Court of Criminal Appeal in _Sia Ah Kew v PP_ [1972–1974] SLR 208
noted that the sentencing options in s 3 of the Kidnapping Act were very
limited and gave the following guideline (at 210, [5]):

In our opinion the maximum sentence prescribed by the legislature would be
appropriate where the manner of the kidnapping or the acts or conduct of the
kidnappers are such as to outrage the feelings of the community.

On the facts of that case, after noting that kidnapping for ransom was neither
rampant nor on the increase in Singapore between 1970 and 1973 and having
regard to the fact that two of the five appellants there were armed with
pistols and one had a dagger, the court substituted the death sentences with
imprisonment for life and ordered caning of between six to twelve strokes to
be imposed.

57 In _PP v Lee Chuan Leong Vincent_ [2000] SGHC 78, a 14-year-old female
student was kidnapped exactly five years ago by three men in a van while she
was walking alone to her home. She was tied up with adhesive tapes and
blindfolded. She was then brought to a house and was held there guarded by two
of the men for the next 60 hours. She remained blindfolded throughout. A
ransom was demanded with threats to kill the victim if the demand was not met.
As soon as a ransom was paid by her father, she was released by the
kidnappers. The mastermind pleaded guilty to a charge of kidnapping for
ransom. The court in that case did not think the death penalty was the
appropriate sentence in the light of the guilty plea and since the kidnappers
were not armed and had not ill-treated or hurt the victim. Having decided on
the sentence of life imprisonment, the court was at first minded to impose six
strokes of the cane. However, after hearing the “persuasive mitigation” and
considering the absence of a criminal record, the full co-operation rendered
to the police, the mastermind’s willingness to testify against his
accomplices, the character references and the other factors mentioned earlier,
the court decided not to impose caning.

58  Two days later, the two accomplices pleaded guilty before me on similar
charges (see _PP v Zhou Jian Guang_ [2000] SGHC 68). Like the court in the
earlier case, I was minded to impose caning in addition to the sentence of
life imprisonment but was constrained by the fact that no caning was imposed
on the mastermind. Abiding by the principle of parity of sentences and finding
no grounds to justify a harsher punishment for the underlings, I could not and
did not impose caning on the two accomplices in that case.

59 In _PP v Selvaraju s/o Satippan_ ([55] _supra_), I sentenced the kidnapper
to imprisonment for life and to receive 24 strokes of the cane. Injury was
caused to the 22-year-old victim there. In addition, the kidnapper set fire to
the bedroom where he had confined the victim. There were also three other
charges involving mischief by fire, voluntarily causing hurt and attempted
murder.

60 I turn now to the facts in the present case. I note the medical reports on
both the accused persons and sympathise with their problems. Together with the
pleas of guilt and the absence of physical harm and of weapons, the
appropriate sentence has to be imprisonment for life rather than the death
penalty. The only matter that I have to consider now is whether to impose
caning as well on one or both of the accused persons.

61 I have studied the statements given by them to the police during the
investigations. Those statements show that the discussions and planning for
the kidnap took place over at least one week. There was clearly meticulous
planning with the second accused appearing to be the more brainy one.

62 Their moves were opportunistic, targeting easy victims like children and
intruding into a home at a time when preparations for a party were underway
and when strangers would not be immediately noticed. Being parents of young
children themselves, the accused persons ought to know the anguish of any
parent whose child has gone missing even for a few minutes and, here, the
parents of the victim knew that their female seven-year-old child was snatched
away by two unknown men.

63 The abandonment of the victim and of their kidnapping plans was not caused
by a change of heart but by their sheer hard luck. There was every likelihood
they would have held her captive in the first accused’s flat if they had got
away without being spotted and followed.

64 Their brazenness was further demonstrated by the extortion bid after the
unsuccessful kidnap. The decision that very same evening to demand money in
return for the safety of D’s family, the purchase of phone cards the next day,
the concocted story told to D, the scouting around for a safe drop-off point
for the money, the identification of a vantage point to observe the drop-off
and the route they planned for D to take showed clear-thinking, cool and
rational minds. After picking up the money, the second accused was able to
tell the first accused that it would be “quite troublesome with the S$10,000
notes and we have to think of a way to get rid of the notes”. They even had
the presence of mind to discuss this problem while they were having lunch at
the coffee shop although they could not arrive at a good solution.

65 Bearing all these matters in mind, I am of the view that caning should be
imposed on both the accused persons. In the light of the mitigating factors
mentioned earlier, I think three strokes of the cane for each of the accused
persons will be enough punishment and will convey the message that kidnapping,
especially of vulnerable victims, is likely to be visited with painful
consequences. I therefore sentence both accused persons to imprisonment for
life with effect from 27 December 2003 (the date of their arrest) and to
receive three strokes of the cane each.

66 It is quite obvious that this kidnap would not have lasted only some 30
minutes if Ho Yen Yen, Chua Siew Eng and her husband, Ang Teck Ann, were not
fortuitously at the house in question and in its vicinity that Christmas
afternoon. Ho Yen Yen was very quick-witted and observant to have noted the
registration number of the RAV-4 in those fleeting seconds and amidst the
commotion. She also had great presence of mind when she immediately told Chua
Siew Eng to call her husband. Chua Siew Eng was helpful and acted quickly in
relaying the information to her husband by mobile phone. Ang Teck Ann
displayed courage and selflessness in pursuing the RAV-4 assiduously as he
could not know whether the kidnappers were dangerous men. His kind actions
must have ameliorated to a great extent the horrific experience suffered by
the then seven-year-old victim, barefooted and abandoned by the roadside in
unfamiliar surroundings. He will be gratified to know that the little girl, in
her statement made at the preliminary inquiry, referred to him as the “good
man” who “asked me to go inside his car” and “lent me his handphone to talk to
my mother and also my brother” and who then “sent me home”. Through this
heart-warming public-spiritedness of these three people, a much more heart-
rending incident was averted.

67 Finally, this episode exemplifies the superb work done by our police force,
whose quiet efficiency and trademark professionalism are essential for the
proper administration of the criminal justice system. The swiftness with which
the officers identified and arrested the kidnappers is inspiring indeed. There
is also little doubt that the very thorough investigations have contributed
significantly to the speedy conclusion of this matter.

Both accused persons convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for life and to
three strokes of the cane each.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

