Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ang Kuang Hoe v Chia Chor Yew  
[2004] SGHC 229

Case Number | : | Suit 549/2003, NA 26/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Vincent Leow AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liew Teck Huat and D Vivekananda (Niru and Co) for plaintiff; P E Ashokan (Khattar Wong and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Ang Kuang Hoe — Chia Chor Yew   
  
13 October 2004

Assistant Registrar Vincent Leow:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff, a third year engineering student at the National University
of Singapore, was crossing South Buona Vista road when he was knocked down by
a Mercedes-Benz car driven by the defendant. At trial, Belinda Ang J held that
the plaintiff should have judgment for 50% of the damages. The assessment for
damages came before me and I made certain awards. I now release my grounds.

**The claim**

2 Mr Liew, counsel for the plaintiff, grouped the claim for damages into five
categories. For convenience, I adopted a similar grouping. They were: (1) pain
and suffering; (2) loss of earnings or earning capacity; (3) pre-trial loss of
earnings; (4) costs of future surgery; and (5) special damages. As parties
were unable to agree on any item, I considered each in turn.

_(1) Pain and suffering_

3 This category of claim was further divided into (i) injuries to the lower
limbs; (ii) fracture of the humerus; (iii) scars; (iv) knee laxity; and (v)
loss of consciousness.

(i) Injuries to the Lower limbs

4 In respect of the lower limb, it was undisputed that the plaintiff suffered
closed bilateral fractures of the left and right tibia and the right fibula.
This can be seen clearly from Dr Hee Hwan Tak’s (the treating doctor’s)
medical report. In making my award, I took into account three considerations.
First, the fractures were all closed with no open wound. Additionally, the
fractures on the right fibula and left tibia were simple fractures, while the
fracture to the right tibia had some comminution (see pages 16-17 of the Notes
of Evidence of 9 June 2004). Further, I did not accept that these injuries
were more severe simply because the plaintiff was wheelchair-bound for 3-4
months as that was a natural consequence of the operation (see page 8 of the
Notes of Evidence of 15 July 2004). However, I accepted that the court should
take into consideration the loss of amenities over the three months especially
since there was no dispute that the proper treatment was given.

5 Second, I found that there was a shortening of the plaintiff’s left leg by
0.2cm. I should note that this was a highly disputed matter. Dr Pillay, the
expert witness for the plaintiff, had insisted that there was a shortening of
the plaintiff’s right leg by 0.5cm. In contrast, Dr Lee, the expert witness
for the defendant, stated that there was only a shortening of 0.2cm to the
plaintiff’s left thigh. I would highlight that both doctors found different
legs to be shorter. Having heard both doctors, I preferred the evidence of Dr
Lee to Dr Pillay as I felt that Dr Lee’s methodology was more accurate.

6 Let me explain. Dr Pillay had reached his measurement of 0.5cm by physically
measuring the plaintiff’s leg. In contrast, Dr Lee’s measurement was obtained
via an x-ray of the plaintiff’s leg. It was clear to me that Dr Lee’s method
was preferable. The advantage in determination the length of the legs from an
examination of the x-rays can be seen from the fact that when Dr Pillay had
initially measured the plaintiff’s leg, he had found that the leg had
shortened by 1cm because the swellings had made the landmarks of the leg
indistinct. Further, Dr Lee had sent the plaintiff to a trained radiologist,
Dr Ng to do the measurement.

7 Third, while the plaintiff complained that there was residual pain, I found
it significant that he received no prescription for painkillers nor did he
find it necessary to consult doctors as to the pain. Further, I found this
portion of the plaintiff’s testimony very telling as to the degree of pain
suffered:

DC: No problems sitting crossed legged?

A: I was used to sitting that way. I am trying to kick the habit.

DC: Does it not hurt?

A: I feel pain, but I cannot within a short period kick the habit.

…

DC: You do not feel problems sitting crossed legged?

A: Yes, but this is one of my old habits.

DC: Through out the lunch, you were sitting cross legged despite the pain?

A: Yes.

8 With these three considerations in mind, I turned to the various authorities
cited. Counsel for the plaintiff relied on the case of _Suresh Kumari a/l
Munusamy v Tan Sai Guay_ (DC Suit No 1270 of 1997) where the plaintiff
suffered a fracture to his right and left tibia and fibula and recovered fully
(except for the possibility of early osteoarthritis of both knee joints) and
he was awarded a global award of $30,000 for his lower limb injuries. Mr
Ashokan, counsel for the defendant cited the case of _Kok Kim Kim v Loh Thiam
Sam and others_ (Suit No 60034 of 1997) where $20,000 was awarded for an open
fracture of the tibia and fibula which resulted in the shortening of the left
leg, muscle wasting of the left thigh, pain and suffering and other residual
problems. I noted that this case involved an injury to only the left leg.
Having examined these authorities and considered the nature of the injuries as
well as the residual problems suffered by the plaintiff, I felt that $30,000
would be a fair sum to award.

(ii) Fracture of the humerus

9 It was not disputed that the plaintiff suffered a fracture of the humerus
with radial nerve palsy. The plaintiff recovered fully except for a slight
residual numbness and weakness, which Dr Pillay said can be overcome with some
exercise (see page 8 of the Notes of Evidence dated 9 June 2004). Counsel for
the plaintiff submitted that the sum of $18,000 would be fair using the
authority of _Siva Subramaniam a/l Kanapathy v Keng Ho Trading & Transport and
another_ (Suit No 437 of 1997) where $12,000 was agreed for the fracture of
the humerus which resulted in the plaintiff being unable to carry heavy loads.
Counsel for the defendant submitted that $8,500 would be equitable given the
case of _Koh Lu Kuang v Abdul Jalil Kader Hussien_ (DC Suit No 4293 of 1998)
where $9,000 was awarded for a fracture of the neck of the humerus. I felt
that the facts of this case fell in between these two cases and awarded
$11,000.

(iii) Scars

10 It was not disputed that the plaintiff suffered from a large number of
scars including in particular an 18cm by 1.2cm scar with keloid formation over
his right upper arm. Counsel for the plaintiff asked that an award of $6,500
be awarded. He relied on _Koh Lu Kuang v Abdul Jalil Kader Hussien_ (DC Suit
No 4293 of 1998) where $4,000 was awarded to the plaintiff who had a 19cm
surgical scar over the left shin and three other smaller scars. In contrast,
counsel for the defendant said that was too high and relied on _Natesam Baskar
v Chang Mum Cheong_ (DC Suit No 5584 of 1997) where the plaintiff had multiple
scars ranging from 4cm to 9cm and was awarded $3,000. I noted that neither of
these cases involved keloid formations and given the nature and number of
scars sustained, I awarded $5,000.

(iv) Knee laxity

11 I held that the plaintiff had not met his burden of proof in showing that
this injury was caused by the accident. In particular, it is germane to note
that no mention was made of this injury for almost two years after the
accident. In fact, Dr Pillay had only detected it a few days before the
assessment hearing. Further, even Dr Pillay opined that there was only a 40%
chance that the laxity was caused by the accident (see page 28 of the Notes of
Evidence dated 9 June 2004). I did not see how it could be said that the
plaintiff had shown that this injury (if it even existed) was caused by the
accident. Given my finding, there was no basis for me to make an award.

(v) Loss of consciousness

12 I found that it was not shown that the plaintiff had lost consciousness. It
was pertinent to note that the only evidence cited in support was Dr Pillay’s
report, which was based on what the plaintiff had told Dr Pillay during the
examination. This was clearly hearsay. I saw no reason why this evidence
should be relied upon to show that the plaintiff lost consciousness,
especially since the plaintiff had himself testified in court. It was even
more telling that the plaintiff not only did not testify that he lost
consciousness, but had actually cited in his affidavit his friend’s testimony
that “although [the plaintiff] appeared conscious, he was evidently in a state
of shock.” Similarly, the treating doctor, Dr Hee made no mention of the
plaintiff arriving at the hospital in an unconscious state. As such, I
declined to make an award for this head of claim.

_(2) Loss of future earnings or earning capacity_

13 In respect of this part of the claim, counsel for the plaintiff in his
closing submissions sought an award for loss of future earnings or in the
alternative loss of earning capacity. I agreed with counsel for the defendant
that the claim for loss of future earnings was never pleaded at any stage
prior to the closing submissions. In particular, it was noteworthy that the
plaintiff in his own affidavit only sought to claim for loss of earning
capacity. The cross-examination had proceeded on that basis. As such, there
was no reason to allow the plaintiff to switch horses mid-race. In any case, I
did not think that this was a proper case for an award for loss of future
earnings as there was simply insufficient data to determine with any accuracy
an award for loss of future earnings which must be a real assessable loss
provable by evidence: see _Chang Ah Lek and Others v Lim Ah Koon_ [1999] 1 SLR
82 at 25 and _Teo Sing Keng and Another v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR 634 at
646.

14 On the evidence, I should mention that it was not sufficient to rely on a
National University of Singapore Graduate Employment Survey 2003 as proof of
the plaintiff’s earnings. All that the survey showed was the average salary of
a mechanical engineer, who graduated in mid-2003 and worked in the private
sector. There was no correlation between that hypothetical salary and what the
plaintiff would have earned, but for the accident.

15 I turned then to examine the loss of earning capacity. I was guided by the
words of Goh Joon Seng J, who in delivering the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Teo Sing Keng and Another v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR 634 stated
at [40] that:

An award for loss of earning capacity, as opposed to an award for loss of
earnings, is generally made in the following cases:

(1) where, at the time of trial, the plaintiff is in employment and has
suffered no loss of earnings, but there is a risk that he may lose that
employment at some time in the future, and may then, as a result of his
injury, be at a disadvantage in getting another job or an equally well paid
job;

(2) where there is no available evidence of the plaintiff’s earnings to enable
the court to properly calculate future earnings, for example, young children
who have no earnings on which to base an assessment for loss of future
earnings.

16 The instant case clearly did not fall within the first situation. However,
it fell squarely within the second situation.  Counsel for the plaintiff
submitted that the plaintiff’s ability to work had been adversely affected by
the disabilities that he suffers from. He enumerated these disabilities as:

(i) Pain in right shoulder;

(ii) Pain in both legs;

(iii) Difficulty in running, squatting and unable to climb stairs easily;

(iv) Unable to carry heavy loads;

(v) 0.5cm shortening of the right leg; and

(vi) Laxity of the knee.

17 I should note on the onset that given my earlier finding on (vi) the
laxity, I disregarded any possible effect it had. Further, I did not accept
that (i), (iv) and (v) affected the plaintiff’s ability to work. In relation
to the right arm, Dr Pillay had stated that the plaintiff had fully recovered
from the injuries to his arm and any residual weakness could be recovered with
some exercise. Similarly, Dr Pillay had stated in relation to the shortening
that it created a slight limp which did not affect the plaintiff’s ability to
work or carry out his daily routine (see page 22 of the Notes of Evidence
dated 9 June 2004).

18 As such, the only relevant issue to my mind was how (ii) and (iii) affected
the plaintiff’s ability to work. On this, Dr Pillay stated that while the
plaintiff would have no difficulty if he works in an office environment, it
would affect him if he had to climb or squat (see page 29 of the Notes of
Evidence of 9 June 2004). Dr Lee’s view was that the injuries would not affect
the plaintiff’s ability to work in any kind of job as the plaintiff was able
to squat and sit down with legs crossed (see page 6 and page 13 of the Notes
of Evidence of 15 July 2004).

19 Having considered the views of these two doctors as well as viewing the
video tapes of the plaintiff’s normal movements in public, I formed the view
that even if the plaintiff suffered from these various pains, they did not
radically affect his ability to work.

20 However, I accepted that the plaintiff did suffer from some residual
disabilities that affected his ability to squat for long periods. This
conclusion was consistent even with Dr Lee’s testimony because Dr Lee did not
test the plaintiff for his ability to squat for long periods. However, this
did not mean that a suitable award was, as suggested by counsel for the
plaintiff, $150,000. All the cases that he cited to me dealt with much more
severe injuries and involved clear evidence of the effect that these
disabilities had on his work. For example, in the case of _Gary Louis Powell v
Ng Cheng Tee_ (Suit No 2664 of 1976), this involved a plaintiff who suffered
permanent disabilities such that he was unable to do the physical work that
was required of an ordinary workman in the oil rigging industry. In
comparison, the evidence here did not show that the plaintiff was unable to do
the work of an ordinary mechanical engineer. In fact, I should add that the
plaintiff had even been offered jobs as a mechanical engineer, but he had
rejected them without trying. I did not think that the Court should condone
such an attitude. Further, I noted that there was no evidence that the
plaintiff, if he lost his job, would be unable to find a similar paying job.

21 As such, I felt that an appropriate amount to be awarded here would be
$2,000. I was guided in coming to this conclusion by the case of _Ang Ee Kwang
(a minor) suing by his mother and next friend Ong Ah Moy v Tan Ah Chiak &
Another_ (DC Suit No 12 of 1996) where $2,000 was awarded to a plaintiff who
had pain in the right knee during walking, difficulty in carrying heavy
objects in both hands, 0.5cm wasting of the right quadriceps and loss of last
5% of flexion of the right knee.

_(3) Quantum for pre-trial loss of earnings_

22 The plaintiff claimed for the loss of earnings suffered as a result of
graduating six months later. In principle, I felt that this was a fair claim
and disagreed with counsel for the defendant that this was a speculative claim
as it was clear to me that the plaintiff had been able to find a job within
two months of graduation. I did not think that it was unlikely that the
plaintiff would not have similarly found a job within two months if he had
graduated six months earlier. However, I accepted that as the plaintiff was
Malaysian, it was likely that he would have gone back to Malaysia immediately
after graduation (like he had during the holidays) before returning to
Singapore to look for a job. Hence, I felt that an appropriate award here
would be five months times $1,800 (his current salary) or $9,000.

_(4) Quantum for costs of future surgery_

23 Having considered all the arguments and factors, I held that a sum of
$5,000 would be fair for the costs of future surgery.

_(5) Quantum for special damages_

24 Given the various claims set out at paragraph 38 of the plaintiff’s
affidavit affirmed on 26 April 2004, I awarded a total of $16,261.25 and RM
75. In making this award, I had disallowed two items (3) and (4). I disallowed
item (3) on the simple basis that the plaintiff could not explain what this
claim was for. It is hornbook law that special damages can only be recovered
if they are strictly proved. There was hence no basis for the Court to make
this award. Secondly, I disallowed item (4) - the plaintiff’s brother’s air
ticket from Malaysia to Singapore. I reached this decision on the basis of the
Court of Appeal decision in _Teng Ching Sin & Another v Leong Kwong Sun_
[1994] 1 SLR 758 which stated that transport expenses incurred by family
members in visiting an injured plaintiff should not be recoverable without
evidence that those visits were important and necessary in the plaintiff’s
recovery. No evidence of this nature was adduced. Hence, I did not think it
would be fair to allow the plaintiff to claim for his brother’s flight back
from Malaysia with him.

25 I should mention that in relation to item (1) – the medical expenses
amounting to $15,120.05, while I had ordered this amount be awarded to the
plaintiff, I had further directed the Public Trustee pay out this money only
after resolving whether the insurer were entitled to the money under the
doctrine of subrogation.

**Conclusion**

26 Given the above, I made the following awards in favour of the plaintiff:

(1) pain and suffering : $46,000

(2) loss of earning capacity : $2,000

(3) pre-trial loss of earnings : $9,000

(4) costs of future surgery : $5,000

(5) quantum for special damages : _$16,261.25 & RM 75_

Total : $78,261.25 & RM 75

27 For the avoidance of doubt, I should state that these amounts have not
taken into account the fact that the defendant is only entitled to 50% of the
damages. I further awarded interest at 6% per annum from the date of the
service of the writ to the date of judgment on the general damages of pain and
suffering and 3% per annum from the date of the accident to the date of
judgment on the special damages and the pre-trial loss of earnings. I also
made the usual consequential orders and orders as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

