Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gurnam Kaur d/o Sardara Singh v Harbhajan Singh s/o Jagraj Singh (alias
Harbhajan Singh s/o Jogaraj Singh)  
[2004] SGHC 189

Case Number | : | OS 810/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suppiah T Paul (Paul Lim and Associates) for plaintiff; Gurdaib Singh (Gurdaib Chong and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Gurnam Kaur d/o Sardara Singh — Harbhajan Singh s/o Jagraj Singh (alias Harbhajan Singh s/o Jogaraj Singh)   
  
Land – Interest in land – Joint tenancy – Plaintiff seeking to sever joint
tenancy with defendant and sell property – No contribution by defendant to
purchase price of property – Proportion in which net proceeds of sale should
be divided  
  

28 August 2004

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Mdm Gurnam Kaur d/o Sardara Singh (“GK”), a widow aged 65
years, and her son, the defendant, Mr Harbhajan Singh s/o Jagraj Singh (“HS”),
are joint tenants of Block 57 Geylang Bahru, #07-3517, Singapore 330057 (the
“Geylang Bahru property”). In these proceedings, GK sought an order that the
joint tenancy be severed, that the property be sold and that the net proceeds
of sale be divided between her and HS.

**Background**

2 February 1974, GK and her late husband purchased the Geylang Bahru property.
They held the property as joint tenants. By 1980, the housing loan for the
property was fully paid up. In 1989, GK’s husband passed away and she became
the sole owner of the property.

3 Four of GK’s five children got married and bought their own properties. Only
HS continued to reside at the Geylang Bahru property with GK. In July 1998, GK
allowed HS to become a joint tenant of the said property without requiring him
to pay any money. She explained that she invited HS to become a joint owner of
the said property to make it easier for him to marry his girlfriend, who was a
foreigner, and to encourage him to become a more responsible person.

4 After HS got married, his relationship with his mother deteriorated to such
an extent that she left her home. According to GK, HS then changed the locks
of the Geylang Bahru property and prevented her from entering the property. In
due course, GK instituted the present proceedings to protect her rights.

5 After hearing arguments by counsel for both parties, I ordered that the
joint tenancy be severed and that the Geylang Bahru property be sold in the
open market, with GK having conduct of the sale. If HS refuses to co-operate
by signing the requisite documents to facilitate the sale within two weeks
after being asked to do so, the Registrar of the Supreme Court shall sign the
said documents on his behalf.

**Division of the net proceeds of sale**

6 The division of the net proceeds of sale will next be considered. It is
trite law that where two or more joint tenants have contributed towards the
purchase price of a property, there is a presumption in equity that each
party’s interest in the property is in proportion to his or her financial
contribution. Thus in _Sitiawah Bee bte Kader v Rosiyah bte Abdullah_ [2000] 1
SLR 612, where a mother and her daughter were joint tenants of a Housing and
Development Board, S Rajendran J held that there was an equitable tenancy in
common, with the mother having a 23% share of the flat and her daughter having
the remaining 77% because the former paid around 23% of the purchase price of
the flat whereas the latter paid the balance of the purchase price.

7 In the present case, HS claimed to be entitled to 50% of the net proceeds of
sale of the Geylang Bahru property. Why he made such a claim when he did not
pay a single cent for the said property cannot be fathomed. HS pointed out
that he contributed $150 per month for food for the family and that he paid
the electricity and water bills for the said property. He added that he gave
his mother $40 per month for her expenses. These payments, if made, had
nothing to do with the purchase price of the Geylang Bahru property. As for
his claim that he recently paid $13,000 for renovating the property, it is,
without more, not appropriate to take such a payment into account when
ascertaining the extent of a party’s interest in a property after the
severance of a joint tenancy: see _Sitiawah Bee bte Kader v Rosiyah bte
Abdullah_ (_supra_). This is especially so where, as in the present case, the
purchase price of the property was paid long before the renovation work was
undertaken.

8 Although HS had not contributed any money for the purchase of the Geylang
Bahru property, GK only claimed 70% of the net proceeds of sale. Considering
the circumstances of the case, HS should be contented with having 30% of the
net proceeds of sale. I thus ordered that GK be paid 70% of the net proceeds
of sale and that the balance be paid to HS.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

