Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Attorney-General v Ng Hock Guan  
[2004] SGCA 21

Case Number | : | CA 76/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jeffrey Chan, Wilson Hue and Leonard Goh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for appellant; Tan Chau Yee and Cindy Sim (Tan JinHwee Eunice and Lim ChooEng) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Attorney-General — Ng Hock Guan   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Role of court in judicial review
proceedings  
  
Administrative Law – Remedies – Declaration – Declaration of trial judge
ordering respondent's reinstatement and repayment of salary from date of
dismissal – Whether declaration rightfully made  
  

14 May 2004

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal by the Attorney-General (“the appellant”) against a
decision of the High Court (reported at [2004] 1 SLR 415) which declared that
the dismissal of the respondent from the Singapore Police Force (“the Force”)
was null and void and ordered his reinstatement. The respondent was then a
senior investigation officer of the rank of Senior Staff Sergeant, attached to
the Anti-Vice Branch (“AVB”) of the Criminal Investigation Department (“CID”).
After hearing arguments presented by the Principal Senior State Counsel
(“PSSC”) for the appellant, we dismissed the appeal and affirmed the decision
of the court below. We now give our reasons.

**The facts**

2 On 18 November 1999, pursuant to a written complaint by the management
corporation of a condominium that prostitution was being carried out in an
apartment, three police officers from the AVB, Sergeant Tea Ai Huay, Staff
Sergeant Eve Boon Yen Kian and Sergeant Vicneswaran s/o Ramakrishnan, raided
the apartment. The officers brought eight Filipinas found in the apartment
back to the AVB. The eight Filipinas were Cristina Papa Hoyohoy (“Cristina”),
Riza Consingnado Sanchez (“Riza”), Gerson Melendres Bairing (“Gerson”), Gina
Sepagan Mareon (“Gina”), Maria Rosalyn Marano Papa (“Maria”) whose mother is
Gina, Evangeline Mangurdun (“Evangeline”), Ely Glor Calibo (“Ely”) and Alicia
Francisio (“Alicia”). Six of them, excluding Gina and Maria, were arrested on
suspicion that they were prostitutes who had entered Singapore illegally. Gina
was arrested on suspicion of being the person who had arranged for their entry
into Singapore. Maria was asked to go to AVB to assist in the investigation.

3 At the AVB, the respondent interviewed the Filipinas. However, no evidence
of any vice activity was uncovered. Following their release, three of the
Filipinas, Cristina, Riza and Gerson, lodged complaints of assault committed
against them by the respondent. They also made complaints of assault against
the three officers who arrested them and brought them back to the CID. The
complaints of assault against the three officers were distinct from, and not
related to, the complaints of assault lodged against the respondent.

4 Following the complaints of the three Filipinas, and in accordance with reg
6 of the Police Regulations (Cap 235, Rg 1, 1990 Rev Ed), Deputy
Superintendent of Police Jacob Joy (“DSP Joy”) was appointed as an authorised
officer to hear the case against the respondent as well as the other three
officers. Three charges were brought against the respondent and each charge
was in respect of the allegation of each complainant.

5 Cristina alleged that the respondent had asked her if she was a prostitute.
When she replied in the negative, she was slapped on the left cheek. Riza
claimed to have been slapped on both cheeks and hit on the left buttock.
Gerson complained of being slapped on both cheeks.

6 The authorised officer, having heard the witnesses for the Prosecution as
well as those for the respondent, found the respondent guilty of the three
charges and recommended that he be dismissed. This recommendation was accepted
by the Commanding Officer, the Director of the CID, and the respondent was
duly dismissed from the Force. It was against this dismissal from the Force
that the respondent brought the present action.

7 The action came on for hearing before Lai Kew Chai J. Two grounds were
advanced to challenge the findings of the authorised officer. The first was
that the authorised officer was prejudiced against the respondent as a result
of a polygraph test (lie detector test) having been shown to him. This
allegation was rejected. It was not further pursued in this appeal. However,
the judge found merits in respect of the second ground, namely, that the
finding of guilt by the authorised officer was irrational and unreasonable. It
was against this determination of the judge that the appellant took the matter
up to this court.

**Scheme of disciplinary action**

8 It was not in dispute that the scheme of disciplinary process against an
officer of the respondent’s rank is set out in s 27 of the Police Force Act
(Cap 235, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the PF Act”) and regs 6 and 9 of the Police
Regulations. The respondent fell within the rank of “junior officer”. Under
those provisions, such disciplinary proceedings are to be conducted by an
authorised officer and the alleged misconduct is required to be set out in the
form of a charge or charges.

9 Under regs 6(7) and 6(8), if the authorised officer should find the officer
charged not guilty of the allegations, he should acquit the officer forthwith.
That would conclude the disciplinary action against the officer. However, if
the authorised officer should make a finding of guilt, he is required to
record a conviction against the officer and may impose on the officer such
punishment as he thinks appropriate (as set out in ss 27(1) and 27(2) of the
PF Act), other than that of dismissal or retirement from the Force.

10 In this case, since the authorised officer thought that the appropriate
penalty for the misconduct of the respondent warranted his dismissal, he
accordingly recommended it to the Commanding Officer, who endorsed it. Here,
we should point out that under reg 9, the Commanding Officer is empowered to
order a rehearing of any disciplinary proceedings against a junior officer if
he is of the opinion, _inter alia_ , that “the proceedings have not been
conducted in a proper manner”.

**Cause for this action**

11 In his report on the disciplinary proceedings, the authorised officer set
out briefly the evidence which was adduced from all the prosecution witnesses
as well as the witnesses for the Defence. He chose to accept the evidence of
the prosecution witnesses in respect of each of the charges against the
respondent. His reason for this preference was almost identical in respect of
all the three charges and we need only cite that in relation to the alleged
assault on Cristina:

Having heard the testimonies of the Filipinas I am satisfied that they are
telling the truth. However, I have to treat the testimonies of the police
witnesses with caution as they will naturally try to help or cover their
colleagues.

12 Towards the end of the report, the authorised officer again reiterated the
same comment:

The defence has produced as witnesses officers from AVB and CID lock-up … I
have to be cautious in that they are fellow officers and colleagues who are
not likely to testify against the [respondent], especially in serious charges
like this case.

13 It was in relation to these statements of the authorised officer
(“offending phrases”) that the action was based.

14 Three officers from the CID lock-up (“lock-up officers”) were called by the
respondent to testify. They said that they did not see any of the Filipinas
being assaulted by any police officer; neither did they see any injury on the
Filipinas. Nor did any of the Filipinas complain to them.

15 Another officer called by the respondent to testify was one Sergeant Chan
Kok Yeen (“Sgt Chan”). He was present when the Filipinas were being
interviewed by the respondent. He assisted in the recording of two statements.
None of the Filipinas accused Sgt Chan of being involved in any assault. He
did not see any of the Filipinas being assaulted. Neither did he notice any
injuries on any of them. Nor did they complain to him. But he did go out of
the AVB for a while to buy food for the Filipinas.

16 Dr Teo Eng Swee, the Consultant Forensic Pathologist and Head of Clinical
Forensic Services at the Institute of Science and Forensic Medicine, was
called by the Defence. He had studied the medical reports put up by the
medical officers on the three complainants. Basically what Dr Teo said was
that most of the medical findings made by the medical officers were
subjective, based on what their patients had told them. He also opined that,
based on the medical evidence before him, self-infliction of the injuries
could not be excluded. We now set out the authorised officer’s perception of
Dr Teo’s evidence:

Dr Teo first commented on Dr Foo Chik Loon’s report (P16) on Gina. According
to Dr Teo the opinion of Dr Foo that “the injury is consistent with blow(s)
from a blunt object” is not supported. According to Dr Teo pain, softness and
tenderness are subjective based on what the patient told the doctor. There is
no visible or objective injuries reported. That being so, it is not correct
for Dr Foo to say that injury is consistent with blow(s) from a blunt object.

Dr Teo commented also on the medical report (P14) on Gina by Dr Maninder
Singh. Dr Singh has reported tenderness, spasm and swelling. According to Dr
Teo tenderness and spasm are subjective while swelling is not specific to
trauma. Dr Teo also disagrees with Dr Singh’s opinion that the injuries were
not self-inflicted and probably caused by assault. Dr Teo’s view is that self-
infliction cannot be ruled out and there is no objective medical evidence that
the injuries were caused by assault.

Dr Teo then commented on the medical report (P19) on Gerson by Dr Mohan Tiru.
Gerson had swelling on both cheeks which according to Dr Mohan was not likely
to have been self-inflicted. Dr Teo’s opinion is that self-infliction cannot
be ruled out. Also it is unusual to have the swelling last 3 days without any
bruising.

Dr Teo’s comments on the medical report (P21) on Riza by Dr Mohan Tiru is that
self-infliction cannot be ruled out. Also there is [no] medical evidence to
support slapping on the cheeks.

Dr Teo then commented on the medical report (P17) on Cristina by Dr Maninder
Singh. The injuries reported were a bruise, swelling, [painful] movement and
tenderness. According to Dr Teo the only objective medical evidence is [the]
bruise on the left cheek. He states that self-infliction cannot be ruled out.
In the case of the other injuries they are subjective and do not support Dr
Maninder’s view that the injuries were probably caused by assault.

17 Even though none of the medical officers who had examined the complainants
and furnished the medical reports gave evidence, nor were they subject to
cross-examination, the authorised officer viewed the evidence of Dr Teo and
the reports of the Medical Officers as follows:

I have taken into consideration the testimony of Dr Teo Eng Swee (DW5). The
gist of his opinion is that injuries like tenderness, softness and pain are
subjective and not visible to the doctor. They are stated in the medical
report based on what the patient says. They cannot be called medical evidence
and it is not correct to conclude that they were caused by blows from blunt
object etc. Dr Teo has also testified that such subjective injuries can be
easily faked. He is also of the opinion that injuries, be it subjective or
objective can be self-inflicted and so the doctors were not correct in stating
that the injuries were not self-inflicted.

My view is that the medical reports are only supporting evidence. My decisions
are not based solely on the medical reports only. There are testimonies of the
victims and witnesses and other evidence which are taken into consideration.

18 The last witness whom we would like to refer to and who was called by the
respondent was Ms Maricel G Fariola, a Singapore citizen and a certified
interpreter in Tagalog. She said she arrived at the CID at about 6.45pm that
day. At the time, some of the Filipinas were eating and some just sitting. She
did not notice anything unusual about them nor did she see any injury on them.
Neither did any of them complain to her about being assaulted. They were
laughing and joking with the officers. At one point they even sang. The
authorised officer dealt with her evidence as follows:

The reason why she did not see any assault could be because [the] Filipinas
were brought to CID at about 1600 hrs while Ms [Maricel] reached at about 1845
hrs. Considerable part of questioning was done before she came. It could also
be because she was shuttling from office to office to help the officers
recording statements. The defendants may have been careful not to assault when
Ms [Maricel] was present.

It is also pertinent to note that Ms [Maricel] is a regular interpreter who is
called by CID officers. Her income is based on instances she is called to
assist. It is therefore in her interest to be in the good books of the CID
officers.

19 The judge below was clearly very concerned with the jaundiced view which
the authorised officer had taken of the witnesses called by the respondent,
particularly the three lock-up officers and Ms Maricel. While the judge
recognised that we should not expect the authorised officer to produce a
report of a similar standard as that of a professional judge, he nevertheless
expected the authorised officer to demonstrate fairness. Lai J said at [67]:

I thought it was beyond argument that an adjudicator must not bring to bear
any prejudicial, unsubstantiated motives of any proclivities. He must always
act on the evidence; he certainly could not be permitted to rely on
tendencies, natural or otherwise, and proclivities of witnesses of any
description. In this case, it was not a case of any inconsequential or
understandable inelegance of language. The Authorised Officer did not give the
[respondent] the right that evidence led in his defence would be given fair
and reasonable treatment. All the evidence was swept aside because there was a
tendency to perjure and cover up for colleagues.

20 Later at [73], the judge reiterated the same point:

I did not think that this was a difference merely in the evaluation of
evidence. It was much more serious that that: the [respondent] as the
defendant below was denied his right to a fair and reasonable consideration of
his defence by reason of the preconceived notion that there was a tendency in
collegiate cover-up and perjury. That fundamental error tainted the entire
proceedings below.

**Issues**

21 Before us the PSSC submitted that the determination of the judge was
erroneous on the following grounds:

(a) undue weight was placed by the judge on the offending phrases used by the
authorised officer;

(b) wrong inferences were drawn by the judge from the offending phrases;

(c) failure to consider the fact that the decision to dismiss the respondent
from the Force was made by the Commanding Officer; and

(d) the judge had substituted his own findings of fact for those of the
authorised officer.

**_The law_**

22 It is trite law that in a case such as the present, the role of the court
is one of review. The court is not sitting in an appellate capacity. The court
exercises only a supervisory jurisdiction: _Wong Kim Sang v Attorney-General_
[1982–1983] SLR 219 at 227–228, [34]. The court should not interfere even
though on the facts it could have come to a different conclusion from that of
the tribunal: _Heng Kai Kok v Attorney-General_ [1986] SLR 408 at 414, [19].
Lai J was clearly conscious of these principles and the limited role of the
court when he said at [74] to [76]:

First, the court is exercising its supervisory function and is not sitting in
its appellate capacity … A court therefore does not come to findings of its
own to replace those of the tribunal … Secondly, the correctness or otherwise
of a tribunal’s decision is not in issue. That decision is left by the
enabling legislation to a tribunal or a statutory person such as the
Authorised Officer. …

In the context of this case, I was very mindful that I was not concerned with
the sufficiency of the evidence or the weight given to such evidence by the
Authorised Officer.

I was here concerned with a review of the decision making process in general
and in particular the approach adopted by the Authorised Officer in his
articulated view that the police officers in question and Maricel, the Tagalog
interpreter, were inclined or predisposed to perjure themselves just to cover
up for their colleagues or, as in the case [of] Maricel, the undisputable
suggestion was that she had lied just to maintain her retainer as a Tagalog
interpreter by the CID.

**_Offending phrases_**

23 We shall deal with grounds (a) and (b) together. The PSSC contended that
the offending phrases in the report of the authorised officer should be viewed
in their proper context. This was not a judicial tribunal but a domestic
tribunal conducted by a senior police officer, unschooled in the law.
Furthermore, the authorised officer was not even required to give his grounds
as to why he had found the respondent guilty of the charges. The written
grounds were meant to assist the Commanding Officer in deciding whether to
dismiss the respondent. The report should not be dissected in the manner in
which an appeal court would analyse the judgment of a lower court. This court
should not over-legalise informal disciplinary proceedings, and neither should
it require perfection from such a lay tribunal. Reliance was placed on _Chan
Kim Hung v Commissioner of Police_ [2001] 3 HKC 33 and _Toy Centre Agencies
Pty Ltd v Spencer_ (1983) 46 ALR 351.

24 As was indicated above at [19] and [20], the judge was very conscious of
the fact that the authorised officer who conducted the disciplinary
proceedings was not a judicial officer. He said at [67]:

First, I was urged to give some allowance when reviewing the grounds of the
Authorised Officer. I certainly did not expect the Authorised Officer to
deliver a set of grounds similar in quality as that of a professional judge.
But I expected fairness.

25 It is also true that the Police Regulations do not expressly require the
giving of written grounds. But reg 6(8) requires the authorised officer to
forward the record of proceedings and his recommendation to the Commanding
Officer. Some form of a report is therefore contemplated. In this case, since
the authorised officer made a report which set out his thought process, the
court could not have ignored it. The court had to examine it to determine
whether the rules of natural justice had been observed: see _Padfield v
Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food_ [1968] AC 997. It is unnecessary
for us to go into the general question as to whether there is a duty on the
part of a domestic tribunal to give reasons for its decision.

26 With respect, we could not agree that the judge had placed undue emphasis
on the offending phrases. Short of disregarding them, a plain reading of those
phrases would leave the reader with no doubt that the authorised officer was
biased against the respondent’s witnesses because, in his mind, the officers
from the CID would lie to help a colleague and in the case of Ms Maricel, she
would also lie in order to remain in the good books of the CID and thus ensure
her continued employment. The authorised officer did not give any other reason
for doubting the credibility of the lock-up officers or of Ms Maricel.

27 In our judgment, the phrases indicated a prejudiced mind which was both
irrational and unreasonable. A basic tenet of natural justice is that a person
like the respondent, who is faced with a disciplinary charge, should be given
a fair hearing. This means that the evidence adduced by both sides should be
accorded due consideration without any preconceived notion that the evidence
of one side or the other is less likely to be truthful. The situation fell
squarely within the words of Lord Radcliffe in _Edwards v Bairstow_ [1956] AC
14 at 36 that the court should intervene if “the case contains anything ex
facie which is bad law and which bears upon the determination, it is,
obviously, erroneous in point of law”.

28 Logically, and to be fair, following from the notion that Sgt Chan and the
lock-up officers were colleagues of the respondent and thus prone to tell lies
to cover up for him, should not the authorised officer also have warned
himself of the danger of accepting the evidence of the other Filipinas who
supported the evidence of the complainants? Except for Maria, who did not
witness any assault of the complainants by the respondent, all the other
Filipinas were being arrested and investigated for alleged offences.
Accordingly, they could also have had a common cause. Lai J put it extremely
poignantly when he asked at [77]:

How is an anti-vice officer, in a similar position as the [respondent], able
to demonstrate his innocence and successfully defend himself against any
unwarranted charge made against him by a group of suspects for vice activities
or for living on the immoral earnings of prostitutes, if the adjudicating
officer starts off and always holds the view that colleagues would cover up
for fellow colleagues and perjure themselves?

29 This preconceived notion of the authorised officer that colleagues of the
respondent could not be relied upon to tell the truth undermined the very
foundation of a process which was to determine, as between two conflicting
versions, which was likely to be the truth. Indeed, such sweeping sentiments
of the authorised officer could have serious repercussions beyond the realm of
disciplinary proceedings of police officers. Therefore, we did not think that
the judge had given the offending phrases undue weight. Their meaning was
clear. Neither was he wrong to have held that the offending phrases indicated
a state of mind which would have the proceedings vitiated. It was a
fundamental error.

30 The appellant argued that those offending phrases merely showed that the
authorised officer was warning himself that he should be careful when
considering the evidence of the lock-up officers and the interpreter. He said
this was no different from the situation in which a judge warns himself of the
dangers of acting on uncorroborated evidence. But the difference is that where
a judge warns himself, there should always be a rational basis for that
caution. The question here is, was the general prejudicial perception of the
authorised officer as regards the reliability of such police evidence a
rational basis? The answer must be in the negative.

**_Dismissal was by Commanding Officer_**

31 We now turn to the third ground. The point made by the appellant was that
the respondent was dismissed not by the authorised officer but by a decision
of the Commanding Officer. So even if there were some errors of law made on
the part of the authorised officer, they could not have affected the decision
of the Commanding Officer. The PSSC submitted that for the respondent to
succeed in his application to have his dismissal nullified he must also impugn
the decision of the Commanding Officer. It was not enough to merely assail the
decision of the authorised officer. The respondent must prove a direct link
between the alleged failings of the authorised officer and the decision of the
Commanding Officer to dismiss him.

32 While it is true that the judge addressed only the actions or reasoning of
the authorised officer and did not in his judgment explicitly explain how they
affected the decision of the Commanding Officer, in our opinion, the link is
evident from the scheme of the disciplinary process prescribed in regs 6 and
9, read with s 27 of the PF Act. DSP Joy was appointed by the Commanding
Officer to conduct the disciplinary proceedings. Under reg 6, DSP Joy was
required to hear the evidence and make his findings. If the evidence did not
substantiate the charges, he was entitled to acquit the respondent. If he
found, as he did, that the respondent was guilty, he could have imposed an
appropriate punishment other than that of dismissal or retirement from the
Force.

33 However, DSP Joy, having found the respondent guilty of the charges,
recommended to the Commanding Officer to have the respondent dismissed. The
regulations did not empower the Commanding Officer to disturb the findings of
the authorised officer except that under reg 9 he could order a rehearing if
he was of the opinion that, _inter alia_ , “the proceedings [had] not been
conducted in a proper manner”. In our opinion, the situation in the present
case would fall within that exception.

34 There was no evidence at all that the Commanding Officer was aware of this
error on the part of the authorised officer and had, on his own, come to an
independent judgment as to the guilt of the respondent. The burden would have
been on the appellant to prove all this. In any event, having regard to reg 9,
we had serious doubts whether the Commanding Officer, even if he had been
aware of the error, would have been entitled to take that course.

35 Therefore, we had here a situation where the Commanding Officer accepted
the finding of guilt made, and the punishment recommended, by the authorised
officer and nothing more. If, as discussed above, the finding of guilt by the
authorised officer could not stand because of a clear error of law on the part
of the authorised officer, it would necessarily follow that the decision of
the Commanding Officer to dismiss the respondent must also fall. This might
explain why the judge did not go into this aspect of the proceedings. It is
really _a_ _fortiori_.

**_Was the judge substituting his own findings of fact?_**

36 The above should suffice to dispose of this appeal. However, we thought it
might be useful if we should also briefly address the last ground raised by
the appellant, which was that the judge had sought to substitute his own
findings of fact for those of the authorised officer.

37 The PSSC conceded that the judge was aware that he should not be quibbling
with findings of fact of the authorised officer or over the question of
sufficiency of evidence as could be seen from [74] and [75] of his judgment.
However, the PSSC submitted that in some passages of his judgment, the judge
seemed to have overlooked this caution. Some of the passages which the PSSC
pointed out were:

35 The other point of the State Counsel was that Sgt Chan might have been at a
different place when the slapping of the three complainants took place. The
three complainants were in the same room, at least according to the evidence
of Gerson, for three hours during which the alleged slapping took place. In my
view, it was idle to speculate. They were all in the immediate vicinity. If
the slapping had taken place, it was fair to say that Sgt Chan would have
known about it, either witnessing it personally or noticing the aftermath of
the incidents, such as cries, tears, swelling or redness and other signs of
distress on the faces of at least six Filipinas.

66 … Although none of the doctors who wrote the medical reports gave evidence,
and were not subjected to cross-examination, the Authorised Officer
nevertheless regarded them as “supporting” evidence. This meant, in effect,
that he did not accept the uncontroverted evidence of Dr Teo. Dr Teo’s
evidence clearly painted the scenario that the injuries could equally have
been self-inflicted and he cast grave doubts about the swelling on the cheeks
of Riza and Gerson, as I had recited above. The evidential value of all the
medical reports had been demolished by the uncontroverted expert evidence of
Dr Teo and yet they were treated as “supporting” evidence by the Authorised
Officer.

69 The point was further made that Sgt Chan’s evidence was of limited weight
as “[s]ome of the assaults could very well have taken place while Sgt Chan was
still out buying their dinner.” This submission did not accord with the record
of evidence. So far as the evidence against the plaintiff were [_sic_]
concerned, the alleged assaults took place after the food had been bought and
the alleged victims were eating or about to eat their chicken rice.

70 Further, it was submitted that the evidence of Sgt Chan that he did not see
any injuries on the Filipinas, like those of the three CID lock up officers,
“did not _per se_ mean that the Filipino women were not slapped”. Well, if
[it] had not been disregarded by the prejudiced view of the alleged
proclivities of witnesses, [it] would have been some objective, third party
evidence which should have assumed greater evidential value if considered in
the light of Dr Teo’s evidence. On any view, these are rather acute points
presented in arguments which, in fact, never crossed the mind of the
Authorised Officer.

72 This paragraph [para 178 of the authorised officer’s grounds of decision]
prompted a number of comments. First, it completely missed the purport of Ms
Maricel’s evidence. She did not give any evidence of having seen any of the
three assaults. She gave evidence of the absence of any tell-tale signs of the
assaults. She also gave evidence of the singing by two of the Filipinas and
the generally relaxed behaviour of the eight Filipinas. There were no
complaints of any assaults. Secondly, in this paragraph, the Authorised
Officer was speculating on the possible reasons why Ms Maricel had not seen
the assaults. The Authorised Officer, with respect, was erecting skittles and
promptly knocking them down. It was evident that Ms Maricel’s evidence
presented serious difficulties to the Authorised Officer who had concluded
that there was a collegiate cover up and perjury.

38 In our view, it is vitally important not to lose sight of the context in
which the judge made those remarks. They were made essentially to show the
extent to which the preconceived prejudicial notion of the authorised officer,
namely, that the police witnesses called by the respondent would “naturally
try to help or cover their colleagues”, had affected or coloured the way in
which the authorised officer viewed their evidence, including even the
evidence of Dr Teo who was not from the CID. In making those critical
analyses, it seemed to us clear that the judge’s object was to demonstrate why
the evaluation of the evidence by the authorised officer was flawed. On Dr
Teo’s evidence, the judge noted at [80] that his evidence “was not accorded
the importance [it deserved] as a result of the prejudicial view taken by the
Authorised Officer”. We did not think that the judge was attempting to
substitute his own findings of fact for those of the authorised officer. It
was clear that he did not do that.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

