Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohd Arsad Bin Hassan  
[2004] SGHC 67

Case Number | : | CC 11/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ravneet Kaur and Lee Cheow Han (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Rudy Gunaratnam (Tan Rajah and Cheah) and Hariprasad Ratnagopal (Harry Elias Partnership) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohd Arsad Bin Hassan   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)
ss 5(1)(a), 33 – Whether quantity of diamorphine trafficked exceeded 15 g
mandating death penalty.  
  

1 April 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The accused is a 45-year-old male Singaporean. He was tried and convicted on
the following charge:

That you, Mohd Arsad bin Hassan on the 8th day of July 2003, at or about 5.15
pm, at the car-park next to Bedok Theatre and Changi Theatre along New Upper
Changi Road, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by
selling 6 packets of granular substances containing not less than 46.9 grams
of diamorphine to Staff Sergeants Ashari bin Hassan and Mohd Affendi bin
Ideris, officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB) for a sum of $20,100/-,
without any authorisation under the said Act or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 and punishable under section 33 of the
Misuse of Drugs Act.

As the amount of diamorphine involved exceeded 15g, the mandatory death
penalty was passed on the accused.

2 He was originally charged with three others for joint trafficking in the
same amount of drugs. The charges against the three others have been reduced
to non-capital ones and will be dealt with by the subordinate courts.

**The Prosecution’s case**

3 The evidence of the Prosecution was largely unchallenged as the defence of
the accused related only to the amount of heroin he agreed to sell to the
undercover officers. He claimed the amount was six packets or sachets and not
the one pound and five sachets eventually transacted. I shall set out the
undisputed evidence first.

4 On 8 July 2003, at about 11.00am, the two Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)
officers named in the charge, Ashari and Affendi (“the undercover officers”),
and another CNB officer embarked on an undercover operation in which they were
to pose as buyers of drugs. As arranged _via_ telephone the day before, they
went in a car SCQ 6392D (“the undercover car”) to meet the accused outside the
Sultan Mosque. They were informed by the accused that he would be wearing a
white long-sleeved shirt with brown stripes and sunglasses. After driving past
the accused once to make sure he was not known to them, the undercover
officers let the third officer disembark a short distance away and then went
in the undercover car to meet the accused.

5 The accused got into the undercover car. Ashari, the driver, said he was
Nick and introduced Affendi, the front passenger, as Didi. They proceeded to
the S-11 coffee shop outside the National Library in Stamford Road where they
had discussions over a meal and some drinks. The amount of heroin and the
price were agreed. The transaction would take place later in the afternoon in
a “left-right” manner, meaning that cash would be handed over upon delivery of
the drugs. The accused then asked that he be driven to Bishan and the
undercover officers obliged.

6 From the start of the undercover operation, numerous CNB officers were
keeping surveillance on all the happenings. The accused alighted along Bishan
Street 23 and walked to Sin Ming Industrial Road to meet a female Malay. They
bought some food at a coffee shop and then went up a block of flats and
entered one of the apartments.

7 At about 4.05pm, the accused and his female companion left the apartment and
boarded a taxi along Marymount Road. The female alighted at Toa Payoh while
the accused continued travelling in the taxi to the car park next to the Bedok
and the Changi Theatres. There he alighted and telephoned Ashari to ask him
where he was. Having been told the location of the undercover car in the car
park, the accused walked towards it and got into the rear left seat. He then
made some calls using his mobile telephone.

8 At about 5.00pm, a blue-coloured motorcycle FU 3654L with a pillion rider
arrived at the said car park and circled it a few times. The accused received
a call and he alighted from the undercover car. He then walked towards the
direction of the motorcycle a short distance away. The pillion rider took out
a plastic bag from his sling bag and handed it to the accused. The accused
held the plastic bag in his hand and walked back towards the undercover car
while the motorcycle left the car park. He did not open the plastic bag to
look at its contents.

9 The accused opened the rear left door of the undercover car and hurriedly
asked for payment. The undercover officers asked him to get into the car as
they wanted to inspect the contents before paying him. The accused sat down in
the rear left seat with his left leg outside the car and the rear left door
widely opened. He looked around nervously when he handed the plastic bag to
Affendi. Affendi opened the plastic bag and saw another plastic bag inside
containing a packet wrapped in newspaper and a white envelope. He tore off a
small portion of the newspaper and saw heroin in the packet. He then gave the
pre-arranged signal by saying the words “ _barang baik_ ” (meaning “good
stuff”) which Ashari repeated over his mobile telephone.

10 The other CNB officers in the vicinity then moved in to effect arrest. When
the accused saw a car approaching the undercover car, he bolted. He was
arrested after a short chase and a brief struggle.

11 The white envelope in the plastic bag was found to contain five sachets of
white granular substance. The plastic bags and their contents were handed over
by Affendi to Inspector of Police Tan Seow Keong (“Insp Tan”) who in turn
handed them over to the investigating officer, Insp Cheng Chee Piow, at about
1.25am on 9 July 2003 at the Police Cantonment Complex. Subsequently, the
packet of yellow granular substance weighing 439.8g was analysed and found to
contain not less than 43.59g of diamorphine at a confidence level of 99.9999%
while the five sachets of white granular substance weighing 39.31g were found
to contain not less than 3.31g of diamorphine at the same confidence level.
These added up to the 46.9g of diamorphine mentioned in the charge.
Fingerprint analysis of the plastic bags and the large packet of heroin
revealed no identifiable fingerprint.

12 The evidence that was in dispute related mainly to what was said between
the accused and Ashari relating to the amount of drugs involved in the
transaction. In court, Ashari elaborated on his written statement given at the
preliminary inquiry. He testified that he was given an undercover assignment
to try and purchase heroin from a male Malay known as Jack. He got in contact
with Jack in early July 2003. He used the pseudonym Nick.

13 On 6 July 2003, at around midnight, Ashari received a telephone call from
the accused who said that Jack used his mobile telephone to call Ashari and
that was how he got Ashari’s mobile telephone number. The accused identified
himself as Arsad and claimed to be Jack’s friend. He said he would negotiate
with Ashari directly. Ashari was shocked by the call and he terminated it. The
accused called a second time and told Ashari, whom he addressed as Nick, not
to cut the line off. He claimed that Jack obtained his supplies from him and
it would be cheaper if Ashari dealt directly with him (the accused).

14 The accused quoted the price of $3,800 per set of heroin and was willing to
sell a minimum of three sets. He used the words “ _kereta_ ” (drug jargon for
one set of ten sachets of heroin) and “set” interchangeably and the words “
_barang_ ” and “ _panas_ ” to refer to heroin.

15 On 7 July 2003, the accused called Ashari but the CNB officer was in the
middle of an operation and could not talk to him. Later, Ashari called the
accused who told him he had the stuff and could deliver it the following day.
He also told him that he charged $3,800 for one “ _kereta_ ” or set and asked
Ashari to take five sets (or 50 sachets or about one pound of heroin) for a
total of $19,000 which was inclusive of delivery. He was aware that Ashari had
$20,000. Ashari assumed he got this information from Jack. The price of
$19,000 for five sets was agreed. The CNB officer told the accused they would
deal in the “left-right” manner – the seller was to deliver the drugs and the
buyer would then hand over the money in exchange. The accused wanted the
transaction to take place the next day.

16 However, Ashari was instructed to meet the accused in the morning first.
Ashari therefore called the accused and suggested that they get acquainted
before completing the deal. He told the accused that since they were buying in
large quantities, he would like to see him personally to arrange the time and
the location for the transaction. They agreed to meet at 11.00am on 8 July
2003 in front of the Sultan Mosque.

17 As indicated earlier, Ashari and Affendi went to pick up the accused and
they went to the S-11 coffee shop in Stamford Road. There, the accused told
the undercover officers that he had good news for them. He would supply one “
_batu_ ” or one pound at a discounted price of $18,500. He told them one “
_batu_ ” of “ _barang_ ” or “ _panas_ ” could be packed into 50 to 60 sachets.
He also offered them another half set or five sachets of heroin at a
discounted price of $1,600. The undercover officers were reluctant to purchase
the extra five sachets as they were instructed to buy one pound. Eventually,
they agreed to buy the one pound and five sachets offered for a total of
$20,100.

18 Ashari reiterated the terms of the deal and the accused confirmed them. He
told the undercover officers to meet him at Jalan Sultan again at past 4.00pm
that day. He would call his supplier to bring the drugs there, take them from
him and deliver them to the undercover officers in their car. They were to pay
him the agreed amount and then leave the place. Ashari agreed with the plan
except the location as he had not received instructions on that yet. The
accused asked for $50 as an advance for his transport and was given the money.

19 After sending the accused to Bishan, the undercover officers returned to
their headquarters to brief their superior officers. At about 3.30pm, the
accused called Ashari to finalise the location and was told to meet in the car
park in Bedok, off New Upper Changi Road. At about 4.30pm, the undercover
officers arrived in the undercover car and parked in lot number 637 in the car
park as instructed. When the accused arrived in the taxi, he called Ashari who
stepped out of the car to wave to him.

20 When the accused was in the undercover car, he asked the CNB officers
whether the money was ready. After receiving their assurance, he made some
telephone calls, speaking in Malay. Ashari asked him about the mode of
transport of his supplier. The accused told him it could be by car, van or
motorcycle. The rest of the events happened as described earlier. Ashari added
that while Affendi tore off a piece of the newspaper in which the large packet
of heroin was wrapped, he did not tear open the white envelope containing the
five sachets.

21 Ashari had been doing undercover work in the CNB for the last 16 years. He
testified that an undercover officer had to know and speak in drug jargon when
dealing with traffickers. Heroin was sold in straws, packets/sachets and sets.
Six packets or sachets of heroin, like the five seized during the operation,
would have a street value of not more than $2,000.

22 In cross-examination, Ashari said that the word “ _ubat_ ” was not used by
the accused to refer to heroin during their negotiations. The word was old
jargon used a few years back. This was despite the accused having used that
word in an oral statement to Insp Tan on 8 July 2003. He also said that the
accused asked him whether he knew how many packets were in one set and he told
the accused there were ten. He did not ask the accused what was meant by “
_kereta_ ” as it was drug jargon or how big the packets were as they came in a
standard size of 8g per packet. He assumed the accused knew the size of a
packet. He maintained that the deal with the accused was for one pound and
five packets and not for six packets of heroin.

23 Ashari agreed that the details about the negotiations were not in his
statement tendered at the preliminary inquiry but produced his pocket diary to
show that those details were recorded therein not later than one day after the
respective events. He did record that the words “set” and “ _satu batu_ ” were
used.

24 Ashari’s evidence was confirmed by and large by Affendi.

25 On 8 July 2003, at about 7.50pm, Insp Tan recorded an oral statement from
the accused in Bedok Police Station. Sergeant Alfian bin Idris, one of the CNB
officers involved in the undercover operation earlier that day, interpreted
for the accused who spoke in Malay. The admissibility of this statement was
not challenged by the Defence. It was recorded that Insp Tan pointed to the
large packet of yellowish granular substance wrapped with plastic and
newspaper and the five packets of white granular substance and asked the
accused, “What are these?” The accused answered, “ _ubat_ ”. He was then asked
what they were for and he said they were to be passed to Nick for $20,100. He
also told Insp Tan that he took the drugs from two persons who were on a
motorcycle but he did not know the rider. The pillion rider was known to him
as Ali Kong. Insp Tan explained that the envelope containing the five packets
had been torn open then and the five packets were taken out and shown to the
accused. In cross-examination, it was put to him that the large packet was
shown to the accused with the newspaper intact and not torn. He agreed he did
not record that the newspaper wrapping was torn but maintained it was already
torn when Affendi handed the large packet to him. In fact, Insp Tan pulled the
torn piece to reveal more of the drugs inside when recording the oral
statement.

25 On 10 July 2003, at about 2.37pm, Assistant Superintendent of Police Ong
Pang Thong (“ASP Ong”) recorded a long statement from the accused with the
assistance of a certified interpreter. This was done at the Police Cantonment
Complex. The drug exhibits had been photographed and weighed in the accused’s
presence on 9 July 2003. The admissibility of this statement was also not
challenged by the Defence.

26 In that statement, the accused stated that he knew he would be dealing in “
_enam kereta_ ” or six “packets” of heroin but did not know the actual weight
of the drugs. It was Ali Kong who informed him about the drug transaction to
be carried out between 4.30pm and 5.00pm on 8 July 2003. He also stated that
on 6 or 7 July 2003, he received a telephone call from Nick saying that Jack
had introduced him to the accused for the purchase of drugs. Nick asked for
six packets of heroin. The accused knew from Jack that Ali Kong dealt in drugs
and therefore called Ali Kong to enquire about the availability of six
packets. He was told by Ali Kong that they were available for sale at the
price of $20,000. Nick agreed with the price and asked the accused whether he
could obtain further supplies from him in future at a cheaper rate. The
accused told him he would check this out with his friend. The accused stated
further that he was promised a commission upon the completion of the drug deal
but did not know how much that would be.

27 On the day of the transaction, when the accused was handed the drugs by Ali
Kong who was riding pillion on the motorcycle, he could not see the contents
as there were two plastic bags and the one inside was opaque. He did not open
up the plastic bags to check the contents. Ali Kong reminded him to collect
$20,000 cash from the buyer.

28 The accused described Ali Kong as a male Malay whom he got to know through
Jack, also a male Malay. He got acquainted with Jack during their time
together in the drug rehabilitation centre. He knew Ali Kong for about two to
three months before his arrest. Ali Kong gave him his contact number after the
introduction by Jack and they kept in touch regularly by telephone.

29 The accused stated that was the first time he had been involved in a drug
transaction, that he admitted the charge preferred against him and was
remorseful and pleading for a light sentence.

30 Ali Kong is still at large.

**The case for the accused**

31 The accused was the only witness for the Defence. He testified that he was
serving sentence in prison between 1995 and April 2003. He was working as a
cleaner before his arrest on 8 July 2003. He was a drug addict but had never
sold drugs before the incident in question.

32 When the accused gave his evidence-in-chief in the morning of 26 March
2004, his evidence was somewhat at variance with the Prosecution’s evidence
where the events of 6 and 7 July 2003 were concerned. However, after the lunch
break, when he was cross-examined, he agreed with the Prosecution’s version of
events on those days. He explained that he tried to remember the events during
the lunch break and could now recall them more accurately.

33 He stated that he was under the impression throughout the drug deal that
only six packets or sachets of about the same size as the five packets found
in the white envelope were involved. Six “ _kereta_ ” of heroin meant six
packets of that size to him although he did not know what the weight of such
packets was. He knew the standard size of the packets as he was a drug addict.
He used to buy heroin in straws of about one inch in length rather than in
packets. In his long statement of 10 July 2003, he asked for a lighter
sentence as he was still under the impression that only six such packets were
involved.

34 The first time he discussed with Nick about the quantity and the price of
the drugs was at the S-11 coffee shop in Stamford Road on 8 July 2003. Their
previous conversations were only about Nick’s interest in purchasing drugs. He
called Ali Kong immediately after Nick asked for six packets and was told that
the price would be $20,100. He disagreed with the Prosecution’s version of the
discussions that took place at the S-11 coffee shop.

35 The first time the accused saw the contents of the plastic bag handed to
him by Ali Kong was at the Police Cantonment Complex when the photographs of
the exhibits were being taken. He was shocked to see the contents.

36 He was tired, sleepy and confused when he was giving the long statement on
10 July 2003.

37 In cross-examination, the accused said that the current price of one straw
of heroin was about $50. He did not know the current street price of one
packet of heroin as he had been in prison for the last eight years. He heard
inmates in prison complaining that the price of drugs was very high.

38 He claimed he was not shown the drug exhibits at Bedok Police Station while
giving the oral statement on 8 July 2003. On 10 July 2003, he did not tell ASP
Ong that he did not know there was so much heroin involved as he was not asked
about this by the recording officer and he did not know he had to say that.

39 When asked whether the large packet of heroin was quite different in size
and weight from the five smaller packets, the accused agreed that it was so.
He said maybe there was something else that Ali Kong wanted delivered in the
plastic bag. The thought did not cross his mind as he was rushing to complete
his task of handing over the drugs to the buyers. He also trusted Ali Kong not
to cheat a fellow drug addict. He would accept whatever commission Ali Kong
was willing to give him for the task.

40 The accused did not supply drugs to Jack. He agreed he did ask for an
advance payment of $50 from the undercover officers. He wanted it to top up
his pre-paid phone card. He had no idea how much heroin there was in one straw
compared to one packet but opined that one could probably get a lot of straws
of heroin from one packet.

**The decision of the court**

41 The accused did not deny he was trafficking in heroin on 8 July 2003. The
only issue in contention was whether he intended to sell only six packets
containing a total of roughly 48g of drugs or whether the deal was for one
pound and five packets of the same.

42 I had no difficulty accepting that the Prosecution’s version was the truth.
I believed the evidence of the undercover officers, particularly that of
Ashari, relating to the discussions over the telephone and at the S-11 coffee
shop. The material portions of that evidence were recorded in Ashari’s pocket
diary without the CNB officer having a clue about what the accused was going
to say in his defence. I also accepted Ashari’s evidence concerning the jargon
used for drug transactions such as the one here.

43 It was argued that the undercover officers’ written statements supported
the accused’s evidence that the amount and the price of the drugs were first
discussed at the S-11 coffee shop and not over the earlier telephone
conversations. Both undercover officers stated that, “At the coffee shop, we
_negotiated_ with [the accused] on the price and quantity of the heroin.”
[emphasis added]. They then “struck a deal with [the accused]” (according to
Ashari). In my opinion, the undercover officers were indeed still negotiating
with the accused as the details relating to the time and place of delivery of
the drugs had not yet been agreed upon. Further, the amount and the price
agreed upon earlier in the telephone conversations were varied by the accused.
They therefore had to negotiate at the S-11 coffee shop. A deal was then
struck on the revised terms. The accused’s version that there was no
discussion on the amount and the price before 8 July 2003 contradicted his
long statement given just two days after the event.

44 Clearly, the accused, a self-confessed drug addict who was back in the
company of drug addicts and traffickers within three months of his release
from eight years’ incarceration, would know what “ _kereta_ ” and “set” meant.
For the same reason, I found it highly incredible that he had no inkling
whatsoever about the market price of one packet of heroin of about 8g in 2003.
He had mentioned to the undercover officers the price of one set of ten
packets at $3,800 or $380 per packet. He later offered the undercover officers
another five packets for $1,600, showing that he was aware each packet was
worth some $320 to $380. If, as he claimed, six packets were to be sold for
$20,100, each packet would cost $3,350.

45 Ali Kong, like the undercover officers, obviously did not share the
accused’s alleged misunderstanding that only six packets were involved.
Surely, the supplier would know the market price range and would not have
quoted such an exorbitant price to the potential buyers who had not given any
hint that they were either really stupid or really desperate for drugs.

46 The value of the transaction would have indicated to the accused that a
large amount of heroin was involved. If one straw of heroin was worth about
$50, $20,100 would translate into 402 straws of heroin.

47 The accused’s denial that he was shown the drug exhibits during the taking
of the oral statement on 8 July 2003 was clearly at odds with his counsel’s
cross-examination of Insp Tan where it was put to the witness that the large
packet was shown to the accused with the newspaper wrapping intact. The
accused did not point out to Insp Tan then that he was not aware that such a
large packet of heroin was in the plastic bags. He would surely have done so
if he was indeed shocked by the amount of drugs seized, which was about ten
times more than what he allegedly contemplated.

48 The weight of the contents of the plastic bags handed over to him by Ali
Kong would have alerted him to the fact that there could not be only six
packets of some 8g each inside. Six such packets would have weighed a total of
48g while the contents weighed some 479g. Even if the weight escaped his
attention during his anxiety to complete the job, surely the bulk would not
have. He did not have the plastic bags with him for merely a few seconds. He
had a short conversation with Ali Kong before walking back towards the
undercover car in the car park in Bedok. He did not look into the plastic bags
obviously because he knew what was inside – one pound and five packets of
heroin, as arranged with the undercover officers.

49 I was satisfied that the charge against the accused was proved beyond
reasonable doubt and I convicted him accordingly. The mandatory death sentence
was passed on him.

Accused found guilty and sentenced to death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

