Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Stratech Systems Ltd v Nyam Chiu Shin (Yan Qiuxin) and Others  
[2004] SGHC 168

Case Number | : | Suit 505/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for plaintiff; S Suressh and Melissa Quek (Harry Elias Partnership) for first and second defendants; Goh Phai Cheng SC, Christopher Goh and Melvin Lum (Ang and Partners) for third defendant   
Parties | : |  Stratech Systems Ltd — Nyam Chiu Shin (Yan Qiuxin); Wong Leh Hung; Guthrie Engineering (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Confidence and trade secrets – Whether plaintiff adduced sufficient
evidence to sustain an action for unauthorized use of confidential information
and trade secrets.  
  
Tort – Inducement of breach of contract – Whether third defendant guilty of
inducing first and second defendant to join company in breach of their civil
obligations to plaintiff.  
  

11 August 2004 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The facts of this case are connected to those in Suit No 546 of 2003.
Stratech Systems Ltd was the plaintiff in both suits. Guthrie Engineering (S)
Pte Ltd, the third defendant here, was the sole defendant in Suit No 546 of
2003. The first and second defendants were former employees of the plaintiff.
The plaintiff and third defendant were business partners which became rivals
and competitors. They had originally collaborated to secure a contract to
design and install for the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) an automated
electronic system for the collection of toll from foreign vehicles entering
Singapore through three checkpoints. In that venture, the tender was awarded
by the LTA to the third defendant and the latter, in turn, sub-contracted
large parts of the contract to the plaintiff. The plaintiff and third
defendant subsequently quarrelled over the sub-contract as well as the post-
contract work done to maintain the system for the LTA. Consequently, the
plaintiff sued the third defendant for breach of contract in Suit No 546 of
2003. That action has been tried and judgment handed down: see _Stratech
Systems Ltd v Guthrie Engineering (S) Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 146.

2 The original vehicle entry permit system (“VEPS”) was commissioned by the
LTA on 9 May 2000. On 6 February 2003, the LTA requested the third defendant
to integrate the VEPS with the electronic road pricing system (“ERPS”). The
plaintiff was initially asked to develop this link. It is important to note
that in the previous development programmes in respect of the VEPS the
plaintiff had been using the “V” series as its nomenclature for the software
programmes and filenames. The last fully-established programme in the series
was known as V115. The programme for the development of the VEPS-ERPS link was
dubbed V116.

3 In March 2003 the plaintiff asked for payment from the third defendant in
respect of the VEPS contract and the signing of a formal maintenance contract.
This led to two civil actions. In the first, the plaintiff sued the third
defendant in Suit No 546 of 2003 for breach of the sub-contract and for
payment in respect of work done on the VEPS-ERPS link. The second was this
present suit. In this action, it will be useful to note that the first and
second defendants were programmers working on the V116 programme for the
plaintiff. The first defendant was the leader of a team of programmers that
included the second defendant, Armin Budiman, Frankie Tan and Ng Tiong Khoon.
The plaintiff and the third defendant differed as to what the nature of the
VEPS-ERPS work was – whether it was a new job or an enhancement of the old one
– but this was not material to the true issues for reasons that will become
apparent shortly. It is, however, relevant to note that the plaintiff’s case
was based on the assertion that all the work done by the first defendant and
her team to integrate the VEPS with the ERPS was done on a file named “V116”,
and that that file was stored in the five computers that the plaintiff kept at
the LTA’s console room. As far as the third defendant was concerned, the
integration work was merely “work-in-progress”.

4 When the plaintiff was not paid in respect of its claims against the third
defendant for the VEPS work and maintenance, it ceased all work, that is, the
maintenance work in respect of the VEPS, and the development work in respect
of the integration between the VEPS and the ERPS. It stopped work on the
integration of the systems on 25 March 2003, and the maintenance work in
respect of the VEPS on 28 March 2003. Armin was instructed to bring his
computer from the LTA’s console room back to the plaintiff’s office and there
to make a copy of his work on the integration programme (then titled “V116”)
on to the plaintiff’s server as well as a copy on to a compact disk. After
that was done, Armin made a copy of V115, re-installed it into his computer
and renamed it “V116”. There were some contentious aspects at this point but
they are not significant enough, in my view, to affect the outcome of this
dispute. One of the disputes concerned the question whether the compact disk
had been broken and discarded as Armin testified, or whether it was still in
the possession of the defendants. It will be more helpful, presently, to see
what all this has led to in so far as this suit is concerned. But first, it is
important to note that on 25 April 2003 the first defendant terminated her
employment contract by paying two months’ pay in lieu of notice to the
plaintiff. About that time, the second defendant similarly terminated his
employment contract with the plaintiff. Both of them were employed almost
immediately by a company called Electrical Product International Pte Ltd
(“EPI”), a subsidiary of the third defendant whose business as a cable trader
was totally unconnected to that of its parent company or of the plaintiff.
However, the first and second defendants were directly seconded by EPI to work
for the third defendant on the VEPS-ERPS integration.

5 In this action the plaintiff claimed damages against the first and second
defendants for breach of contract in that, contrary to an express term of
contract of employment, they entered the employment service of a competitor
before the stipulated nine-month mandatory restriction period was over. The
specific clause in question is cl 9 which reads as follows:

9\. Termination

…

9.3 You shall not, during the continuance of your employment with the Company
and after the termination of your employment with the Company, canvass,
solicit, interfere with or entice away any person or entity who shall at any
time during the continuance of your employment hereunder have been in the
employment of or in the habit of dealing with the Company.

9.4 You shall not, during the continuance of your employment with the Company
and for a period of nine (9) months after the termination of your employment
with the Company, and whether on your own accord or as an employee, partner or
otherwise, directly or indirectly engage or be concerned in any business in
direct competition with the Company or be employed by any person or entity who
shall at any time during the continuance of your employment hereunder have
been in the employment of or in the habit of dealing with the Company in
Singapore.

The first two defendants were also sued for damages for breach of their duties
of fidelity and good faith for allegedly divulging “confidential information,
trade secrets, and business information” to the third defendant in breach of
cl 8, which provides as follows:

8 Confidentiality

8.1 You shall not either during the continuance of your employment hereunder
or after termination of your employment except in the proper course of your
duties with the Company divulge to any person and/or outside party any
information as to the practice, business dealings or affairs of the Company or
any of its customers or any company in the habit of dealing with the Company
and shall use your best endeavours to prevent the publication or disclosure of
any trade secret or any information concerning the business technology or
finances of the Company or any of its dealings, transactions or affairs which
may come to your knowledge during or in the course of your employment.

The third defendant was sued for inducing the first and second defendants’
breach of contract. It was also sued for wrongfully retaining and using
confidential information belonging to the plaintiff, namely, the computer
programme known as “V116”.

6 The evidence showed that some time about 10 April 2003 Foong Siew Peng, the
third defendant’s manager, contacted the first defendant and asked if she
would work for the third defendant and also to ask if her team members from
the plaintiff would similarly join it. According to the second defendant as
well as Armin (who was called as a witness by the first and second defendants)
the first defendant contacted them and told them about the third defendant’s
proposal. Armin said that he received a text message from her over his mobile
phone. The team members had a meeting about the proposal. They were concerned
by the plaintiff’s withdrawal from the VEPS-ERPS project, but were also
worried about being sued if they joined the third defendant company. The
evidence in court from the first and second defendants, which was corroborated
by Foong, was that the third defendant agreed to indemnify the employees
should they be sued successfully by the plaintiff. In the present case,
lawyers were provided and paid by the third defendant in defending the first
and second defendants. The first and second defendants also secured a 20%
increase in pay when they joined the third defendant. Armin, who joined after
the nine-month prohibition period was over, was paid a little more than $7,000
compared to the $2,000 to $3,000 he was earning with the plaintiff. Hence, Mr
N Sreenivasan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the increase was to
cover the months of unemployment after he left the plaintiff. Furthermore,
Foong candidly conceded that the first and second defendants were formally
employed by EPI instead of the third defendant “in order to put more distance”
between them (the employees) and the third defendant. It was obvious that the
former employees of the plaintiff, as well as the third defendant, were
worried about the restraining clause in the employees’ contract of employment.
It is also clear to me that the third defendant initiated all the steps taken
to procure the employment of the plaintiff’s employees. Given the
circumstances of the case, the third defendant would thus be liable for
inducing a breach of contract of employment if it could be shown that the
first and second defendants, as well as Armin, were in breach of their
contracts of employment. It is to this point that I now turn.

7 The employment contracts of the first and second defendants, as well as
Armin (all of whom I shall, for this purpose, refer to collectively as “the
employees”), with the plaintiff contain a termination clause to the effect
that the employees can terminate the contract by giving two months’ notice of
termination, or by payment of two months’ salary in lieu of such notice. In
this case, the evidence was that the employees elected to pay the salary in
lieu of notice because the third defendant was in a hurry to employ them. It
was also proved to my satisfaction that the salary in lieu in each case was
borne by the third defendant. This fact is relevant for the purpose of
establishing whether the third defendant was liable for inducing the employees
to leave their employer. But that by itself is not the same thing as inducing
a breach of contract. A person cannot be said to have induced another to
breach his contract of employment if all that was done by the employee was to
tender a notice of termination or payment in lieu which was provided for as a
term of the contract. The crucial question concerned cl 9 of the employment
contracts. If that clause was valid and enforceable, then the third defendant
would be liable on account of its enticement, procurement and assistance in
the breaching of cl 9 with the knowledge that the employees would be in breach
of the clause. It is important to state at this point that whether the third
defendant knew it was assisting a breach is a finding of fact for this court.
It is not a subjective matter which the third defendant may escape
responsibility for by merely declaring that it did not believe that cl 9 was
an impediment. Foong testified that he did not think that cl 9 prevented the
third defendant from employing the employees and that the reason EPI was used
to employ them was an act in excess of caution. While I find that Foong was
frank and candid in his testimony, and I can accept that he personally (though
not the third defendant) believed that cl 9 was not a problem, this could not
validate the breach. The fact is that the third defendant was aware of cl 9
and suspected that it might be a potential problem. The fact that one of its
principal officers (Foong) took it into serious consideration and concluded in
good faith that it was not a problem (in other words, that he was wrong) does
not absolve the third defendant because the test is an objective one. Was a
breach of cl 9 a breach of the contracts of employment? If it was, then would
a person who induced an employee into committing a breach of cl 9 be said to
have induced a breach of his or her contract of employment? I think that it
would be so. Otherwise, it is only too easy to provide an excuse from the
effect of a reasonable restrictive clause and conclude that the term does not
apply in a given case. Whether it applies or not is a question to be decided
by the court. In this case, I must first determine whether the clause is valid
and applicable and, secondly, whether the third defendant did an act that
induced the employees to violate the terms of that clause. I have first
determined the second part for convenience, and now turn to the first part.

8 The question here is whether cl 9 is a valid and binding term, and if so,
whether it applied in this case. Mr Goh Phai Cheng, counsel for the third
defendant, focused his submission on two points. First, he argued that because
the plaintiff “walked out” on them (the third defendant and LTA), cl 43.4 of
the main contract between the plaintiff and the third defendant obliged the
third defendant to take such steps as were necessary to carry on with the
maintenance of the VEPS. Counsel maintained that the contract provided a right
to employ anyone, including the employees of the plaintiff. The relevant
clause provided as follows:

43.4 In the event of termination of the Contract as provided for in Clause
43.1 or Clause 43.3 or in accordance with law, the following shall apply:

(a) (i) all payments that shall have been made under the Contract shall be
refunded by the Contractor to the Authority forthwith Provided Always that
such refunds as aforesaid shall not prejudice or affect any right of actions
or remedy which shall have accrued or shall thereafter accrue to the Authority
as a result of the termination of the Contract or as a result of the breach of
the Contract by the Contractor;

(ii) the Contractor shall upon written notice from the Authority be required
to remove, at the Contractor’s expense, the System or any part thereof
specified in the notice from the location at a date specified by the
Authority, and in default the Authority may (without being responsible for any
loss or damage) remove and sell the same, holding the proceeds less all
expenses incurred to the credit of the Contractor;

(iii) the Authority shall be entitled to recover from the Contractor any
damages, costs and expenses which the Authority may sustain or incur in
consequence of such termination; all such damages, losses, costs and expenses
which are or become so recoverable under the Contract together with any sum
payable by the Contractor as liquidated damages, may be deducted from any
money that may then be due to the Contractor and if the money then due to the
Contractor under the Contract or deposited by him under the Contract as
aforesaid is not sufficient for that purpose, the balance remaining unpaid
shall be a debt due from the Contractor to the Authority, and may be set off
against any other monies which may be or become due to the Contractor from the
Authority or may be recovered as a debt due from the Contractor in any court
of competent jurisdiction;

OR, at the sole discretion of the Authority:

(b) (i) the Authority may carry out and complete the works on its own or
employ and pay other person or persons to carry out and complete the works and
he or they may enter upon the location and use all materials, software and
equipment thereon, and may purchase all materials necessary for the purchase
aforesaid;

(ii) the Contractor shall if so required by the Authority assign to the
Authority and without further payment the benefit of any contract for the
supply of material and/or works intended for use under the Contract or for the
execution of any works and the Authority shall pay the agreed price (if
unpaid) for such material or works supplied or executed after the said
termination;

(iii) the Contractor shall during the execution or after completion of the
works under this sub-clause as and when required remove from the location any
materials within such reasonable time as the Authority may specify in a
written notice to him and in default the Authority may (without being
responsible for any loss and damage) remove and sell the same, holding the
proceed less all expenses incurred to the credit of the Contractor;

(iv) until completion of the works under this sub-clause no payment shall be
made to the Contractor under the Contract; provided that upon completion as
aforesaid and the verification within a reasonable time of the account added
to the monies paid to the Contractor before such termination exceeds the total
amount which have been payable on due completion, the difference shall be a
debt payable to the Authority by the Contractor, and if the said amount added
to the said money be less than the said total amount, the difference shall be
a debt payable by the Authority to the Contractor; provided always aforesaid
shall not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which shall have
accrued or shall thereafter accrue to the Authority as a result of the
termination of the Contract or as a result of the breach of the Contract by
the Contractor;

(v) in the event of the completion of the works being undertaken by the
Authority, allowance shall be made, when ascertaining the amount to be
certified as expenses properly incurred by the Authority, for the cost of
supervision, interest and depreciation on equipment and all other usual
overhead charges and profits, as would be incurred were the work carried out
by the Contractor.

I agree that one possible reading of the above clause permits the third
defendant to employ anyone, including an employee of the plaintiff,
notwithstanding the restrictive covenant clause in the employment contract.
However, a reasonable reading must include the interpretation that the third
defendant is permitted to employ the employees only if it does not create a
civil wrong (such as inducing a breach of contract) in the process. The next
point advanced by Mr Goh was that the third defendant did not habitually deal
with the plaintiff. The reference to habitual dealing in cl 9 must refer to
the dealings between the two companies and not a habitual dealing between the
employees of the two companies. The evidence from the third defendant’s
witnesses, and indeed the record itself, indubitably showed that the
plaintiff’s employees were dealing constantly with the employees of the third
defendant in the VEPS project. That is as strong a compliance with the term
“habitual dealing” as can be envisaged. That argument of counsel does not
advance the defence any further. Counsel for the defendants also argued that
the restrictive period was unreasonably long, but I do not think so.

9 I therefore find the third defendant liable for inducing a breach of
contract by the first and second defendants. However, on the evidence, it
seems palpably clear that the plaintiff suffered no real or substantial
damage. If the third defendant had not induced the termination of employment
by the first and second defendants, and they had proceeded to join the former
of their own accord, there would have been no damage at all. Furthermore,
there was no evidence of what damage the plaintiff suffered by the absence of
the two employees (three, counting Armin). There will, therefore, be judgment
for the plaintiff against the third defendant on this ground, but I only order
nominal damages of $1,000.

10 I now turn to the issue of confidential information. The crucial question
is whether there was any confidential information or trade secret belonging to
the plaintiff that had been wrongfully taken or used by the defendants. This
question was relevant to the defence of all three defendants. The plaintiff
did not particularize what it had regarded as confidential information and
trade secrets belonging to it. The basis and relevance of giving the necessary
particulars have been amply discussed in cases such as _Lock International Plc
v Beswick_ [1989] 1 WLR 1268 at 1274–1275 where Hoffman J made the point that
assertions of confidentiality are no substitute for evidence of what the
plaintiff’s secrets really are. Mr Sreenivasan generated a veil of importance
to the programme file known as V116. But all that we know about it is that it
was the programme that was being developed by the first defendant and her
team, principally Armin, to integrate the VEPS and ERPS. V116’s source codes
were written in Pascal, a computer language. V116 enabled the VEPS and ERPS to
integrate, but what aspect or part of it was confidential was not disclosed,
let alone why it was confidential. Mr Sreenivasan alluded to the saving of
time, but that was inadequate because not every time-saving device is a trade
secret or is confidential in nature. It is also important to note that the
plaintiff was not claiming a breach of copyright in the copying or use of the
source codes, nor for trespass in accessing the file. Its case was strictly
for damages for unauthorised use of confidential information and trade
secrets. In this regard I find nothing in the evidence that required me even
to adjudicate as to whether any particular piece of material was or was not
confidential or a trade secret. The difficulties in making a list of matters
that can be regarded as trade secrets were discussed by Neill LJ in _Faccenda
Chicken Ltd v Fowler_ [1987] Ch 117. It was pointed out by him that not
everything an employer tells his employee is to be regarded as confidential
is, in law, confidential; and that includes instructions used in the course of
employment and so on. What it all means, therefore, is simply that the court
must decide on the evidence whether the facts alleged in the case amount to
confidential information or trade secrets – the familiar and basic reminder of
the court’s duty at first instance. Here, there was a clear conflict of
evidence as to whether the third defendant was using V115 (as it alleged) or
the confidential V116 (as the plaintiff alleged). On the balance, I accept the
evidence of the defendants. Mr Sreenivasan made the obvious point that the
evidence came from the defendants only because they – in particular the first
and second defendants and Armin – were the only ones who had direct knowledge
of these matters. He argued that these employees were serving their own
interests. I think that that might well be so. The evidence of such witnesses
might often be slanted or biased, if not entirely false. However, they might
still speak truthfully or objectively. The first defendant might not have been
as candid as the other witnesses of the defendants when it came to the
question of whether she was being employed by the third defendant or EPI, but
her evidence generally was plausible and consistent on the whole. The second
defendant was a straightforward and forthright witness in all aspects of his
evidence, and Armin was similarly plausible. Mr Sreenivasan challenged the
credibility of Armin’s evidence in regard to the compact disk that the
plaintiff said Armin used to copy V116 and which he said had been broken and
thrown away. I am inclined to accept Armin’s evidence in this instance because
his evidence impressed me generally and, which is equally important, I was
unable to find anything that inclined me to think that his story was probably
untrue.

11 I shall deal very briefly with the evidence of the plaintiff’s expert
witness Mr Daniel Chong and that of the plaintiff’s employee, Nellore Siva
Sai. These two witnesses testified as to the similarities between the files in
the plaintiff’s version of V116 and the files found in the third defendant’s
computers that were seized and studied under an Anton Piller order. The sum of
their evidence is that there were some similarities in the files and source
codes in the two materials under comparison but nothing to indicate that the
one was copied from the other. Apart from the defendants’ denial, which I
accept, it must be borne in mind that these were files and material written in
a computer language by computer programmers and was something easily
replicated without recourse to copying. There were some points that might lead
one to the supposition that the defendants’ version was a copied one, but
those were points based on the assumption that copying is quickest. That might
be true in many instances, but the facts before me were a little more complex,
and clearer proof was required – the burden of which was the plaintiff’s
responsibility to discharge.

12 The plaintiff’s claim against the first and second defendants in respect of
the alleged use of confidential information and trade secrets must therefore
be dismissed. Its claim against the third defendant must also similarly be
dismissed. I shall hear the parties on the question of costs at a later date
if they are unable to agree on costs.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed in part against the third defendant, and dismissed
as against the first and second defendants.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

