Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh  
[2004] SGHC 51

Case Number | : | OS 1514/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer K Merchant (Madhavan Partnership) for applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Respondent convicted of criminal breach
of trust in his capacity as advocate and solicitor – Weight to be given to
mitigating factors – Appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

5 March 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) to
make absolute an order to show cause. We granted the application and ordered
the respondent, Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh, to be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. We now give our reasons.

**Facts**

2 The facts of this case were undisputed. The respondent was called to the Bar
in 1991 and was, at all material times, the sole proprietor of his firm,
Sarjit Singh & Co. In October 1998, the respondent was engaged by one Muhammed
bin Haji Abdul Latiff (“Latiff”) to recover outstanding salary amounting to
$4,815.24 from his previous employer, Eurofibre Engineering Pte Ltd
(“Eurofibre”). The respondent agreed to act for Latiff and charged him an
initial downpayment of $200 to write a letter of demand to Eurofibre.

3 Upon receiving the letter of demand, Eurofibre promptly issued a cheque for
the outstanding salary to “Sarjit Singh & Co”, dated 16 November 1998. The
respondent did not inform Latiff that he had received the cheque. Instead, he
advised Latiff that a writ of summons should be taken out against Eurofibre,
since the letter of demand had not been effective. Latiff agreed, and the
respondent then charged Latiff another $500 for the issuance of the writ. The
respondent subsequently faxed Latiff a copy of a writ, which had purportedly
been issued, with a forged signature of the then deputy registrar of the
Subordinate Courts. Latiff had difficulty contacting the respondent
thereafter.

4 Latiff then proceeded to make a police report. Investigations subsequently
showed that the respondent had deposited the cheque from Eurofibre into his
firm’s account and directed it to his own use. He was charged with one count
of criminal breach of trust as an agent under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed). The respondent claimed trial to the charge. At trial, the
respondent claimed that he had acted for Latiff in another matter and had
taken the moneys from the Eurofibre case to offset the legal costs. The
district judge disbelieved his defence and convicted him accordingly. The
respondent was sentenced to seven months’ imprisonment.

5 The respondent then filed a petition for criminal revision to the High
Court. On 3 September 2002, the High Court dismissed his petition, and
enhanced the sentence to a term of three years’ imprisonment.

**Show cause proceedings**

6 Relying on the conviction, the Law Society applied to make absolute the
order to show cause, as required under s 94A LPA. The Law Society contended
that due cause had been shown under s 83(2)(a) LPA, which reads:

Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character which makes
him unfit for his profession.

At the first hearing on 30 January 2004, the respondent wrote a letter to the
court requesting for an adjournment of the hearing until such time as he was
released from prison, as he felt he would not be able to effectively present
his arguments if he were in prison garb. We were of the view that his present
circumstances did not prevent him from making viable submissions.
Nevertheless, we granted an adjournment of one month. The respondent failed to
attend on this second date, and requested that this court carry on in his
absence, if they were not minded to adjourn the hearing until his release. We
decided to proceed with the hearing.

7 Under s 83(6) LPA, this court must accept the respondent’s conviction as
final and conclusive: _Law Society of Singapore v Narmal Singh_ [1996] 2 SLR
184, _Re Mohomed Jiffry Muljee_ [1994] 3 SLR 520. Given that the offence in
question was one of dishonesty committed in his capacity as advocate and
solicitor, that was sufficient, in itself, for this court to determine that
due cause had been shown: _Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel_
[2004] SGHC 36.

**Appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) LPA**

8 We then considered the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) LPA. The
respondent was not present to submit on any mitigating factors. Regardless, we
found that any mitigating circumstances, even if present, would have been of
little avail. In a case involving an advocate and solicitor of proven
dishonesty, the weight to be attached to a plea of mitigation is virtually
negligible and a striking off would be a matter of course: _Law Society of
Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168, _Re Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_
[1994] 3 SLR 531.

9 On the undisputed facts, we did not hesitate to find that the only
appropriate order in this case was to strike the respondent off the roll. The
respondent had acted in an abhorrent manner, setting out to cheat those whom
he was meant to serve. The respondent not only concealed from his client the
fact that he had received moneys in settlement of the letter of demand, but
had also falsified documents to further deceive his client and cover his
tracks.

10 In our opinion, the respondent had shown himself to be wholly bereft of
integrity and utterly unfit for his profession. It was imperative that the
respondent be struck off the roll to protect both the public and the good name
of the profession. We further ordered that the respondent bear the costs of
these proceedings.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

