Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lau Khee Leong v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 175

Case Number | : | MA 145/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Low Cheong Yeow (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lau Khee Leong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of fact by trial judge –
Approach of appellate court.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Whether sentence
wrong in law or manifestly excessive.  
  
Immigration – Employment – Foreign worker – Appellant employment agent
arranged employment pass applications despite knowing that the application
forms contained false information – Whether appellant committed an offence
under s 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed) read with s 109
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).  
  

13 August 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant, Lau Khee Leong, was tried and convicted in the District Court
on four charges of abetting the making of false statements in employment pass
applications submitted to the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”). This constituted
an offence under s 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), and was
punishable under s 57(1)(iv) of the Act. The district judge sentenced the
appellant to three weeks’ imprisonment on each charge, and ordered two of the
sentences to run consecutively. The appellant appealed against both conviction
and sentence. I dismissed both appeals, and now give my reasons.

**The background facts**

2 At all material times, the appellant was a licensed employment agent and the
sole proprietor of Heavenly Employment Agency. Sometime in July and August
2000, the appellant helped to complete and submit to MOM employment pass
application forms (“Form 8 EP Applications”) in respect of four nationals from
the People’s Republic of China (“the PRC”), namely, Fang Qing Rong (“Fang”),
Liu Kong Shou (Liu”), Chen Chun Xiang (“Chen”) and Xue Liang Song (“Xue”).
These workers had been invited by MOM to convert their three-year work
permits, which were about to expire, into employment passes, provided that
they remained in the employment of their respective local sponsor employers.

3 The Form 8 EP Applications stated that the local sponsor employer for Fang,
Liu and Chen was Aquatic World Building Contractors Pte Ltd (“Aquatic”), while
that for Xue was Eng Thye Shing Construction Pte Ltd (“ETS”). On the basis of
the information and declarations provided in the application forms, MOM issued
employment passes to the four foreign workers. However, it later transpired
that the workers had never been employed by Aquatic or ETS but had been
freelancing, and that they continued to work for various other construction
companies after obtaining the employment passes.

4 The appellant was subsequently charged with abetting three of the workers
(Fang, Liu, Chen) and the director of ETS, one Teh Char Lay (in respect of
Xue’s employment pass application), in providing false statements in the Form
8 EP Applications. The charges against the appellant read:

The first charge

[T]hat you on or about 28.08.2000, did abet one Teh Char Lay … in the
commission of the offence of making a false statement in an Application for an
Employment Pass “Form 8” received by the Employment Pass Department on
28.08.2000, to obtain an Employment Pass for one Xue Liang Song; … to wit, you
intentionally aided the said Teh Char Lay to arrange the said Form 8
application wherein was stated that the said Xue Liang Song would be employed
by Eng Thye Shing Construction Pte Ltd …, a statement which you knew to be
false, and on the basis of this false statement, an Employment Pass was issued
to the foreigner on 14.10.2000, and which offence was committed in consequence
of your abetment, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133) read with Section 109 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224), punishable under Section 57(1)(iv) of the Immigration Act (Cap
133).

The second charge

[T]hat you on or about 20.07.2000, did abet one Fang Qing Rong … in the
commission of the offence of making a false statement in an Application for an
Employment Pass “Form 8” received by the Employment Pass Department on
20.07.2000, to obtain an Employment Pass for him; to wit, you intentionally
aided the said Fang Qing Rong to arrange the said Form 8 application wherein
was stated that he would be employed by Aquatic World Building Contractors Pte
Ltd …, a statement which you knew to be false, and on the basis of this false
statement, an Employment pass was issued to the foreigner on 22.08.2000, and
which offence was committed in consequence of your abetment, and you have
thereby committed an offence under Section 57(1)(k) of the Immigration Act
(Cap 133) read with Section 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224), punishable under
Section 57(1)(iv) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133).

The third and fourth charges were the same as the second charge in all
material aspects, except that they related to the employment passes for Liu
and Chen respectively.

**The case for the Prosecution**

5 It was not disputed that the workers did not work for Aquatic or ETS during
the time they held the work permits and the employment passes. They sought
their own employment and held no permanent jobs.

6 Consequently, the Prosecution’s case was essentially this: that the
appellant was fully aware, at the time he assisted the three workers and the
director of ETS in filling up and submitting the Form 8 EP Applications, that
the sponsoring companies would not actually be employing the workers.

**_Evidence of the foreign workers_**

7 The Prosecution principally relied on the evidence of Fang, Chen, Liu and
Xue to establish its case. On the whole, their evidence was essentially the
same, except for some minor details that were peculiar to each witness.
Conditioned statements of the four workers were admitted as evidence (Exhibits
“PS 1” to “PS 4”) under s 371 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“CPC”).

8 The workers testified that they were all on three-year work permits from
1997 to 2000. Fang, Chen and Liu held work permits to work for Aquatic, while
Xue held a work permit to work for ETS.

9 In mid-1997, they were introduced to an employment agent, one Li Yu Pei
(“Li”). Li approached them individually and offered to help them change their
respective employers after the expiry of their first work permits in 1997. All
four agreed, as they hoped to find better-paying jobs. Li told them that they
could seek employment for themselves after the work permits were approved. In
exchange for arranging their work permit applications, the workers agreed to
pay Li “application fees” for the period that they held the work permits. Fang
agreed to pay Li $7,000, while Chen and Liu both agreed to pay $4,500. In
addition, Chen and Liu also promised to pay Li “management fees” of $150 per
month. Xue also testified to paying a certain sum of money to Li as
“management fees” every six months, but he could not recall the exact amount
he paid each time.

10 Sometime in 1998, the workers learned that Li had passed away, leaving his
widow behind. One or two months later, the appellant contacted the workers and
asked them to go to his office. Chen and Liu went to the appellant’s office
together, while Fang and Xue met the appellant on separate occasions.

11 The appellant introduced himself as Li’s partner and the real agent behind
Li. He informed the workers that from then onwards they were under his charge,
and instructed them to pay him any outstanding agency fees owed to Li. Fang,
Liu and Chen believed the appellant and agreed to the arrangement as the
appellant knew Li’s name, had their contact numbers, and knew exactly how much
they still owed Li.

12 Before the expiry of their work permits in 2000, the appellant met up with
the workers to discuss the converting of their work permits to three-year
employment passes. He offered to arrange their employment pass applications
for a fee. He asked Fang, Chen and Liu to pay $6,500 each, and also requested
them to pay a further $1,000 to $1,100 to extend the expiry date of their
passports. Xue was asked to pay $10,000, which sum included the application
fee, the fee for the renewal of his passport and management fees. The workers
agreed to this arrangement, as they believed that the appellant could
otherwise cancel their employment documents and send them back to the PRC. At
the meeting, the appellant told the workers that they could continue to seek
employment on their own.

13 The appellant presented each worker with a Form 8 EP Application to sign.
The appellant helped to fill in their particulars in the forms, as the workers
were not conversant with the English language. Fang noticed that the
declaration and covenant by the local sponsor under Pt X and Pt IX had already
been signed. Subsequently, the workers received their employment passes.

14 The workers were unequivocal in their evidence that the appellant never
informed them that it was illegal for them to work for companies other than
the local sponsor employer stated on their employment passes. Furthermore, the
appellant knew that they were not working for Aquatic and ETS, but were
freelancing for various other companies. They were certain of this, as all of
them had contacted the appellant on at least one occasion to seek his
assistance in finding employment. Once, Fang asked the appellant if he could
work for Aquatic, his official employer. He had hoped to work for Aquatic as
his then employer was not paying him. However, the appellant informed him that
there was no job for him there. Hence, Fang continued to look for employment
on his own. The appellant also told Xue that the employers he knew of only
paid low salaries.

15 The appellant also helped Chen and Liu to write at least one letter of
recommendation each, to potential employers. Chen was even charged $20 for
each letter prepared under the Aquatic letterhead. Occasionally, the appellant
would also provide them with telephone numbers of prospective employers for
them to approach when they could not find any work on their own. However, the
appellant specifically informed Chen not to look for the boss of Aquatic for
employment, as the boss was an Indian, and Chen would face problems
communicating with him. Based on the above factors, the workers were confident
that the appellant knew that they were seeking employment on their own prior
to their making their employment pass applications.

16 In 2001, Fang, Chen and Liu were notified by the appellant that their
employment passes had been cancelled by the boss of Aquatic, one A Francis
Xavier a/l Arokiasamy (“Francis”). Subsequently, the appellant gathered the
workers at his office to introduce them to Francis, who then officially told
the workers of the cancellation. All three workers testified that this was the
first time that they had met Francis. The appellant told the workers that they
would have to hand over their passports and employment passes and return to
the PRC.

17 Fang, Chen and Liu were unhappy with the unexpected revocation of their
employment passes as the “application fee” that they had paid the appellant
was meant to cover a three-year employment pass, and they had only worked for
slightly more than a year. They therefore demanded a refund from the
appellant. In the end, the appellant consented to pay Fang the sum of $2000,
and Chen and Liu the sum of $1500 each, as compensation. As a condition for
the payment, the appellant wanted the three of them to return to the PRC as
soon as possible.

**_Evidence of Teh Char Lay_**

18 The Prosecution also called Teh Char Lay (“Teh”) to give evidence. Teh had
pleaded guilty to the charge of making a false statement in the Form 8 EP
Application in respect of Xue’s employment by ETS. He had already served his
sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment at the time of the appellant’s trial.

19 Teh testified that he was appointed as a director of ETS in February 2000
on the recommendation of a friend, one Teng Kok Beng (“Teng”). Teng promised
to appoint Teh as the manager of an upcoming construction project, and
instructed him to apply for work permits for a group of workers.

20 Sometime in March or April 2000, Teh went to the appellant’s office with
Teng to sign numerous employment pass applications. Teh had earlier introduced
the appellant as the representative of ETS’s employment agent. Teh explained
that he agreed to sign the application forms as Teng had assured him that
several construction projects were in the pipeline. About four to six month
later, Teh signed another batch of employment pass applications, one of which
was Xue’s application.

21 Teh was subsequently arrested by MOM for falsely stating in the employment
pass application that Xue would be employed by ETS. He pleaded guilty to the
charge, and admitted to the statement of facts (“SOF”). The material portions
of the SOF revealed that the appellant had arranged with Teh to have Xue’s
work permit converted to an employment pass. The appellant completed the said
Form 8E Application and Teh signed the form knowing that ETS had no work for
Xue. Furthermore, Xue had never worked for ETS whilst he held the work permit
and the employment pass.

22 The circumstances in which the offence took place were further revealed in
Teh’s plea of mitigation. Teh’s counsel maintained that the originators of the
whole scheme were Teng and the appellant, who had full control of the affairs
of ETS. To dissociate themselves from the scam, they did not want to appear as
directors of ETS. As a result, Teh became the scapegoat. Thus, both the SOF
and the mitigation plea squarely placed the appellant as one of the two
masterminds of the scam.

23 However, during the appellant’s trial, Teh told the court an entirely
different story which effectively exculpated the appellant. Teh painted both
the appellant and himself as unfortunate victims of the scam devised by Teng.
Teh testified that Teng had deceived both him and the appellant into thinking
that ETS needed workers for upcoming projects. When questioned by the district
judge as to why these facts were not stated in the SOF, Teh claimed that the
SOF was misleading. He claimed that he had not realised this until later, as
he had not been listening to the SOF when it was being read out to him. He had
simply wanted to plead guilty at the time as he had hoped that the district
judge would mete out a non-custodial sentence.

24 Teh also tried to explain away the inconsistencies between his evidence in
court and his mitigation plea by stating that he may have given his counsel
wrong instructions. Teh further claimed that he did not tell the investigators
about Teng as he was not asked about him.

**The defence**

25 In his defence below, the appellant maintained that he honestly believed
that the workers would be working for the respective sponsoring companies
(_ie_ Aquatic and ETS) when he processed their application forms. There were
no suspicious circumstances in his dealings with the parties involved, and he
had simply presumed that the information provided was true. In any event, he
was not required by law to check the truth of the information provided. He had
neither the authority nor the time to carry out such investigations.

26 While the appellant did not deny that he had contacted the four workers in
question, he averred that he was only helping Li’s widow to collect the debts
owed to her late husband. The appellant had agreed to help her as he took pity
on her. At the meeting with the workers, he had specifically told them that he
was collecting the debts on behalf of the widow and he never introduced
himself as Li’s partner.

27 The appellant had no further contact with the workers until they wanted to
renew their work permits sometime in 2000. He clarified that none of the
workers had sought his help to find employment, and that he had never written
any recommendation letters for Chen and Liu. When he subsequently handed over
the employment passes to the workers, he had also informed them that it was an
offence for them to work for companies other than the sponsoring company.

28 He had collected the $6,500 application fee from the workers for Francis
and Teng at their request. In return, they paid him a commission of $500 to
$800 for each successful employment pass application. The appellant explained
that as it was illegal for the sponsoring company to deduct the application
fees from the workers’ salaries, they often engaged a third party like him to
collect the fees.

**The decision of the district judge**

29 In the trial below, the main issue was whether the appellant knew that the
statements contained in the Form 8 EP Applications were false, and whether he
had the requisite intention to abet the principal offence of making a false
statement.

30 Having considered the evidence carefully, the district judge found the
accounts of Fang, Chen, Liu and Xue cogent and consistent, and not implausible
in any aspect. Further, he was of the view that the workers had been truthful
and candid in court. Their evidence on how they were initially managed by Li,
and how the appellant came to assume Li’s role after the latter had passed
away was wholly believable. He also found their version of events leading up
to the payment of compensation by the appellant convincing.

31 In contrast, the district judge disbelieved the appellant’s testimony that
he did not know that the foreign workers were not going to work for the
sponsoring companies. The district judge found the appellant’s evidence to be
“thoroughly rehearsed” and unbelievable. He was not persuaded by the
appellant’s attempts to portray his role as a mere third party agent, whose
responsibility was limited to performing an administrative role in the Form 8
EP Applications and collecting payments on behalf of Li’s widow, Francis and
Teng.

32 Thus, having had the benefit of observing the demeanour of all the parties,
the district judge accepted the workers’ testimonies that the appellant knew
that they were seeking employment on their own at all material times. The
district judge concluded (see [2004] SGDC 98 at [172]):

Thus, I was satisfied that the accused had intended to aid the workers in
obtaining their employment documents so that they could continue to seek
employment on their own in return for the management and application fees paid
to him by the workers.

33 Consequently, the district judge found that the Prosecution had proved its
case beyond a reasonable doubt and convicted the appellant accordingly.

**The appeal against conviction**

35 The appellant appeared in person before me. Although he raised a whole slew
of arguments in his written grounds of appeal, I was of the view that there
was essentially one main issue for determination, namely, whether the district
judge had erred in finding that the appellant had the requisite _mens rea_ to
abet the principal offence of making a false statement. This, in turn, hinged
on the resolution of the following two issues:

(a) whether the district judge had erred in accepting and relying upon the
foreign workers’ evidence; and

(b) whether the district judge had erred in giving little weight to the
evidence of Teh Char Lay.

**_The law_**

36 In essence, this appeal involved an attack by the appellant on the findings
of fact made by the district judge. As such, I found it appropriate to revisit
the well-established principles of law relating to the approach of an
appellate court in dealing with an appeal against a trial judge’s findings of
fact.

37 F A Chua J laid down the general principle in the seminal case of _Lim Ah
Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 that an appellate court will not overturn a trial
judge’s findings of fact unless they are plainly wrong or reached against the
weight of the evidence. I endorsed this principle in an entire line of cases
that followed: see for example _, Heng Aik Peng v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 469; _Mahdi
bin Ibrahim Bamadhaj v PP_[2003] 2 SLR 225;and _Dong Guitian v PP_ [2004] 3
SLR 34. In particular, where findings of fact depend on the credibility and
veracity of witnesses, an appellate court should be all the more reluctant to
disturb a trial judge’s findings: see _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3
SLR 656. This is simply because the appellate court does not have the
advantage, unlike the trial judge, of hearing the evidence of the witnesses in
full and observing their demeanour in court.

38 Given the above principles, the appellant was faced with the uphill task of
convincing me that the trial judge’s findings ought to be overruled.

**_Whether the trial judge had erred in accepting and relying upon the
evidence of the foreign workers_**

_Whether the workers’ evidence was contradictory and unreliable_

39 The appellant submitted that the district judge had erred in accepting the
evidence of the foreign workers, which he alleged was contradictory and
unreliable. According to the appellant, the workers had made numerous false
accusations against him in order to safeguard their own interests and to avoid
criminal liability.

40 In support of his contention that the workers’ evidence was inherently
unreliable, the appellant highlighted several alleged inconsistencies between
the workers’ conditioned statements (admitted as evidence under s 371 of the
CPC) and their oral testimonies in court. One such instance of supposed
inconsistency was when Fang testified in court that the appellant had informed
him that there was no job for him at Aquatic. The appellant submitted that
Fang did not mention this crucial fact in his conditioned statement, and that
this in itself proved that Fang had lied in court.

41 I was of the view that the appellant’s submission was misconceived. First
of all, Fang’s oral testimony did not contradict his conditioned statement; it
merely supplemented what he had stated previously, which he was fully entitled
to do. There is no requirement that a conditioned statement has to be
exhaustive, and a witness may give further evidence during trial. An omission
to state a material fact in a previously made statement may in some cases
arouse suspicion of fabrication of evidence by the witness on hindsight.
Fang’s testimony in court, however, merely expounded on, and was entirely
consistent with, his earlier statement. Second, once a conditioned statement
is admitted in evidence under s 371 of the CPC, it is for the district judge
to attach to it whatever weight he deems appropriate in the light of all the
evidence present before the court. Thus, even if there are discrepancies
between the two, the trial judge is fully entitled to accord more weight to
either the oral testimony or the conditioned statement in arriving at his
findings: see _Rajendran s/o Kurusamy v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 225.

42 I found more merit in the appellant’s next argument that Liu had materially
contradicted his conditioned statement when he stated during cross-examination
that he did not have any contact with the appellant between the time the
appellant gathered the workers to collect the fees owed to Li, and the time
when the appellant contacted him to convert his work permit into an employment
pass. This was inconsistent with his recorded evidence that he had called the
appellant at least once during this period to request a letter of
recommendation. I found this to be a material contradiction, given that the
appellant’s conviction hinged almost entirely on the foreign workers’ evidence
and there was no other documentary evidence demonstrating his guilt. The
workers’ testimonies, that they had contacted the appellant during the
relevant period to seek his assistance in looking for a job, constituted the
strongest evidence against the appellant. It clearly established his _mens
rea_ in that he was aware that the workers were not employed by the sponsoring
employers. Therefore, when Liu gave evidence in court that he had no contact
with the appellant during the relevant period, this in my opinion undermined
the Prosecution’s case. It was unfortunate that Liu was not given an
opportunity to explain the inconsistency during trial. As the discrepancy was
material, it was not satisfactory merely to attribute it to the fallibility of
human memory. In my view, the district judge ought to have addressed this
inconsistency expressly.

43 However, the above discrepancy in Liu’s evidence was insufficient to
surmount the high threshold of showing that the district judge’s findings of
fact were plainly wrong or reached against the weight of the evidence. Aside
from this inadvertent omission to deal with this particular inconsistency, I
found the district judge’s decision perfectly sound in all other aspects. All
things considered, I did not think that the district judge was wrong to have
accepted the workers’ evidence. In this regard, I found the following
observation by the trial judge (see [32] _supra_ , at [168]) particularly
persuasive:

[T]hese witnesses dealt with the accused separately when their respective work
permit was about to expire. Yet, the collective evidence on their specific
dealings with the accused was substantively consistent. In my view, such
details and coherence could not have been concocted independently by these
witnesses, and I was left with no doubt that it represented the truth.

_Whether the district judge had erred in giving undue weight to the evidence
of the foreign workers who were all accomplices_

44 The appellant further contended that the district judge had erred in giving
undue weight to the evidence of the foreign workers, who were all accomplices.
He submitted that it was patently unsafe to rely on the workers’ testimonies
to establish his guilt, as they had not been prosecuted for the principal
offence of making a false statement.

45 I was of the opinion that this argument, albeit attractive, was untenable
on the particular facts of this case. It was clear that the district judge was
at all times mindful that he was dealing with accomplices’ evidence. Having
specifically directed his mind to the issue, he was nevertheless satisfied
that the workers were reliable witnesses who spoke the truth. In the district
judge’s opinion, there was no reason for the workers to falsely implicate the
appellant. They clearly regarded him as their employment agent, and there was
nothing to indicate that they were unhappy with the services provided by him.
In addition, the appellant had, from time to time, helped them with their job
hunt and even compensated them when their employment passes were prematurely
revoked.

46 Further, as the district judge noted, the workers were truthful even about
matters that could implicate them. For instance, they did not attempt to hide
the fact that they had sought employment on their own under Li’s management
_even before_ they had met the appellant, and that they continued to seek
their own employment after they obtained their employment passes. By the time
the workers made the above admission, MOM had already informed them that what
they had done was against the law. Despite this, however, they did not try to
conceal their long periods of illegal employment.

47 Given the careful consideration that the district judge gave to the
potential risks associated with the testimony of accomplices, I could find no
valid reason to fault his decision.

**_Whether the district judge had erred in giving little weight to the oral
evidence of Teh Char Lay_**

48 Finally, the appellant sought to rely on Teh’s oral testimony to support
his contention that Teng had intentionally deceived him into thinking that ETS
needed workers for upcoming projects. According to the appellant, it was only
because he honestly believed Teng’s assertions that he completed and submitted
the workers’ application forms.

49 The district judge found Teh, who had unexpectedly denounced the evidence
as contained in the SOF and his mitigation plea in favour of an account that
was advantageous to the appellant, to be an unreliable witness who was
“hesitant and guarded” when questioned by the Prosecution. This was in stark
contrast to his demeanour during cross-examination where he was neither
evasive nor vague in his replies. In fact, Teh even appeared eager to concur
with the defence counsel that Teng was the sole originator of the whole scheme
and that both the appellant and Teh were hapless victims of his scam. In the
circumstances, the district judge decided to accord very little weight to his
oral testimony.

50 On the evidence, I was satisfied that the district judge was correct to
have placed little weight on Teh’s oral testimony. After thoroughly reviewing
both the district judge’s grounds of decision and the notes of evidence, I
concurred with the district judge that Teh’s explanations as to why his
testimony in court was inconsistent with both his SOF and his mitigation plea,
were both unpersuasive and implausible.

51 I was also of the view that, contrary to the appellant’s suggestion, the
district judge had not placed undue weight on the SOF. In _PP v Liew Kim Choo_
[1997] 3 SLR 699, I held that where a witness other than an accused person has
pleaded guilty in earlier proceedings, the SOF of that witness may
subsequently be used to prove the facts in the trial of his accomplice if the
witness gives inconsistent evidence at that trial. The only caveat is that the
SOF should be treated with circumspection, as it is essentially unproved. In
this case, the district judge had taken a multitude of other factors into
account before rejecting Teh’s oral testimony. The SOF was but one of the
factors that affected the district judge’s decision. In the circumstances, I
found the district judge’s reliance on the SOF perfectly reasonable.

**_The payment of compensation by the appellant to the foreign workers_**

52 In my view, the one piece of circumstantial evidence that ineluctably
pointed to the appellant’s guilt was the fact that he had reimbursed the
workers either $1,500 or $2,000 each for the premature termination of their
employment passes. These sums were grossly _in excess_ of the commission he
allegedly earned from Teng and Francis (_ie_ $500 to $800) for each successful
employment pass application. The appellant claimed that he had no choice in
the matter as the workers were continually harassing him. Fang, Chen and Liu
had initially demanded compensation from Francis but when Francis subsequently
absconded, the workers turned to him for payment. I gave no credence to this
explanation and concurred with the district judge that the appellant’s reasons
for compensating the workers were “absurd”. If the workers had indeed harassed
him for compensation, the most logical course for the appellant to take would
have been to report them to the authorities since, as he claimed, he was
innocent and the workers were freelancing without his knowledge.

53 In light of the foregoing reasons, I concluded that there was absolutely no
reason for me to disturb any of the district judge’s findings of fact.
Accordingly, I dismissed the appellant’s appeal against conviction.

**The appeal against sentence**

54 The appellant’s appeal against sentence was a non-starter from the
beginning as the appellant had not identified and put forward any relevant
grounds of appeal in his submissions. Consequently, there was in reality
little necessity for me to consider his appeal, bearing in mind the well-
established principle of law that an appellate court will not interfere with
the sentence imposed by the trial court unless it is satisfied that the
sentence is manifestly excessive or wrong in law: see _Tan Koon Swan v PP_
[1986] SLR 126.

55 In any case, I was satisfied that the district judge had properly applied
his mind to the sentencing norm and principles that I enunciated in _Abu Syeed
Chowdhury v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 301, namely, that where a false representation is
made under s 57(1) of the Act, a custodial sentence is the applicable norm.

56 In _Abu Syeed Chowdhury v PP_ , I also laid down four sentencing guidelines
that the courts should keep in mind in applying the sentencing norm. They are:

(a) the materiality of the false representation on the mind of the decision-
maker;

(b) the nature and the extent of the deception;

(c) the consequences of the deception; and

(d)  the offender’s personal mitigating factors.

57 I could not find any fault with the district judge’s application of the
above sentencing guidelines in arriving at the sentence of three weeks’
imprisonment per charge. First, the false representation made by the
applicants with the appellant’s assistance was clearly material. MOM would not
have issued the employment passes to the workers if they had known of the
false information. Second, the deception perpetrated by the appellant was
alarmingly blatant. Despite knowing that the workers were working in
contravention of the conditions stipulated in their work permits, the
appellant had no misgivings about asking them to continue seeking their own
employment for his personal benefit. Third, as rightly noted by the district
judge, the consequences of the deception had to be considered in the light of
the fact that the appellant’s act could seriously undermine the “effective
control by MOM of the occupation undertaken by foreign workers”. Finally,
there was a glaring absence of any personal mitigating factors that were
sufficiently exceptional to justify the imposition of only a fine on the
appellant.

58 In view of the above, I considered that the sentence imposed was neither
wrong in law nor manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal
against sentence.

Appeal against conviction and sentence dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

