Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Hyundai Fortune"  
[2004] SGHC 45

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 169/2003/K, RA 374/2003/H  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liew Teck Huat (Niru and Co) for plaintiffs; Bazul Ashhab Bin Abdul Kader (T S Oon and Bazul) for defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Exclusive – Stay of action –
Whether strong cause was shown – Whether there was real question of liability
to be tried in jurisdiction of choice – Factors to be considered  
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Exclusive – Whether action in
Singapore should be stayed in favour of jurisdiction of choice in bill of
lading – Whether owners of vessel entitled to jurisdiction clause in bill of
lading  
  

1 March 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 On 20 November 2003, I allowed the appeal against the decision of the
assistant registrar who had on 13 October 2003 granted a stay of this action
on the ground that the parties had agreed to refer the dispute in question to
the Seoul Civil District Court in Korea. The defendants have appealed against
my decision. I now publish my reasons.

2 The plaintiffs, Uni-Fruitveg Suppliers, are wholesale fruit merchants
carrying on business at Pasir Panjang Wholesale Centre, Singapore. They had
imported from China a consignment comprising 1,473 cartons of hami-melons
which were shipped to Singapore in a 40ft reefer container. On arrival at
Singapore on 7 July 2002, some 1,232 cartons of hami-melons were found badly
damaged. The plaintiffs attributed the damage to the defendants’ failure to
provide a reefer container that was capable of maintaining the requisite pre-
set temperature of 3°C throughout the transit.

3 The plaintiffs, as cargo owners, consignees and/or holders of bill of lading
no HDMU YNSG3043853 dated 5 July 2002, commenced _in rem_ proceedings against
the defendants as owners of _Hyundai Fortune_ claiming damages for loss and
damage to the consignment of hami-melons. The _Hyundai Fortune_ was arrested
on what appeared, from the affidavit of Lim Lay Ping of the plaintiffs filed
in support of the warrant of arrest, to be a claim founded on tort. At the
material time, the owners of the _Hyundai Fortune_ were EMF International SA.
The managers of the vessel were reported in _Lloyd’s List of Shipowners
2002-03_ as Hyundai Merchant Marine Co Ltd. The latter company was also named
in bill of lading no HDMU YNSG3043853 as the carriers, that is to say, the
contracting carriers. As such, the owners of the _Hyundai Fortune_ were the
performing carriers and seemingly, they would not be entitled to claim the
benefit of the jurisdiction clause in the bill of lading unless the bill of
lading terms expressly provided or conferred the benefit of the jurisdiction
clause on the defendants.

4 However, this was not a point raised in arguments either below before the
assistant registrar or on appeal. Somehow, the parties were content to proceed
as given that the dispute in this action arose out of the contract of carriage
contained in or evidenced by bill of lading no HDMU YNSG3043853 and the
parties to this action were bound by the terms of the bill of lading. Even
with this approach, I was equally satisfied that in the particular
circumstances of this case, the action should not be stayed in favour of
Korea.

5 The contract of carriage contained the following clause:

**30\. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION**

The claim arising from or in connection with or relating to this Bill of
Lading shall be exclusively governed by the law of Korea except otherwise
provided in this Bill of Lading. Any and all action concerning custody or
carriage under this Bill of Lading whether based on breach of contract, tort
or otherwise shall be brought before the Seoul Civil District Court in Korea.

6 The defendants’ case for a stay of the Singapore action for Seoul was, on
its face, simple. There was a jurisdiction clause in the bill of lading and
there was no reason why a stay of proceedings should not be granted.

7 It is settled law that the court would grant a stay of the action in aid of
the jurisdiction clause unless the claimant is able to establish that
exceptional circumstance amounting to strong cause exists to warrant a refusal
to stay the proceedings. In other words, the claimant has to justify why he
should be allowed to act contrary to his agreement. He would have to
demonstrate with cogent facts that to require him to adhere to the terms of
the clause would, in the circumstances, not be reasonable or just. This
approach is clear from the line of authorities beginning with _Amerco Timbers
Pte Ltd v Chatsworth Timber Corp Pte Ltd_ [1975–1977] SLR 258 to _Golden Shore
Transportation Pte Ltd_ _v_ _UCO Bank_ [2004] 1 SLR 6.

8 When exercising its discretion, the court has to undertake an inquiry into
the specific matters set out in the principles formulated in _Amerco Timbers_
as well as other matters to be considered under the broad heading of “all the
circumstances of the particular case” of the principles. Lai Kew Chai J in
_The Eastern Trust_ [1994] 2 SLR 526 at 534, [16] said:

How exceptional the circumstances must be in each particular case will turn on
the facts of that case. It is always a question of fact and degree.

The court has to also have in mind the strong bias adopted in the authorities
in favour of enforcing the agreement. What amounts to a strong cause for
refusing a stay depends upon the facts of each particular case, but guidance
can be obtained from the authorities as to certain circumstances which should
be accepted as sufficient and those which should not be. An example is where
there is no arguable defence to the claim. As it is the claimant who is
seeking to break his contractual promise upon where to sue, the burden is on
him to show why a stay should not be granted.

9 It was not in dispute that the action brought by the plaintiffs fell within
the scope of the agreement to litigate in Korea. The plaintiffs’ principal
reason for resisting a stay was that the claim was indefensible as the Partlow
chart clearly showed that the reefer container was not able to maintain the
requisite refrigerating temperature throughout the transit. I would explain
that a particular carrying temperature was agreed to and inserted on the bill
of lading. Added to that, counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Liew Teck Huat,
argued that the defendants’ intransigent attitude towards the claim gave the
plaintiffs the impression that there was no arguable defence. And since the
defendants were unable to show that there was a real dispute or arguable
defence to the claim, it would be difficult for the defendants to contend that
they seriously desired trial in the agreed forum. It would be right in the
circumstances for the court to doubt the genuineness of the defendants’
insistence that the claim be tried in the agreed forum.

10 Furthermore, Mr Liew pointed to some strong connecting factors in the case
with Singapore. The dispute had no or little connection with Korea. The
_Hyundai Fortune_ was a Panamanian flagged vessel. The shippers were from Hong
Kong. The reefer container was received for shipment at Shenzhen, China, for
overseas shipment from Hong Kong to Singapore. Hyundai Merchant Marine Co Ltd,
the vessel’s managers in Korea, have a Singapore office, Hyundai Merchant
Marine (S) Pte Ltd. George Lee Hon Kwong (“Lee”), who had affirmed two
affidavits on behalf of the defendants, is the general manager of Hyundai
Merchant Marine (S) Pte Ltd. Singapore was the port of discharge and is the
place of business of the plaintiffs. The cargo damage survey was carried out
by surveyors based in Singapore. The evidence and witnesses are therefore
located in Singapore. The documents relating to this consignment in the
English language would not require translation into the Korean language if the
litigation continued in Singapore. There would also be no need for the
services of a Korean interpreter. I would add that whilst the managers of the
vessel were a Korean company with a Seoul address, the claim would most likely
be handled and considered by the London based managers of the vessel’s
protection and indemnity club.

11 After the survey of the consignment on 9 July 2002, the plaintiffs
submitted a claim for their losses and expenses in the total sum of
US$8,396.92. They first wrote to Hyundai Merchant Marine (S) Pte Ltd on 21
August 2002 with supporting documents. Prior to that, the plaintiffs had on or
about 9 July 2002 notified Hyundai Merchant Marine (S) Pte Ltd of the cargo
damage and called for a joint survey. In that same message, the carrier and
ship were held responsible for the plaintiffs’ loss and damage. The Partlow
chart is a chart that records the temperature of the reefer container. It
showed that at certain stages of the transit, the consignment was not
refrigerated at the pre-set temperature of 3°C. There was no response at all
to the plaintiffs’ demand letter of 21 August 2002. That prompted the
plaintiffs to instruct M/s Niru & Co to pursue the claim. M/s Niru & Co wrote
on 7 December 2002 to Hyundai Merchant Marine Co Ltd in Korea. They explained
the nature of the damage and loss. Hyundai Merchant Marine Co Ltd kept quiet
about the claim despite the plaintiffs’ threat to arrest the _Hyundai
Fortune_. They were invited to disclose the name of solicitors authorised to
accept service of process if liability was disputed. No reply was forthcoming.
So, the claim was neither admitted nor disputed. A reminder was sent on 8
March 2003. In that reminder, M/s Niru & Co asked for a response either way by
11 March 2003. Again, there was no reply from the defendants or Hyundai
Merchant Marine Co Ltd.

12 In the light of the persistent silence of the defendants which the
plaintiffs had interpreted as a refusal to pay their legitimate claim, the
plaintiffs issued _in rem_ proceedings on 2 July 2003 and caused the arrest of
the _Hyundai Fortune_ on 19 July 2003. The vessel was released from arrest
upon security for the claim being furnished on 21 July 2003. After an
appearance was entered on behalf of the owners of the vessel on 24 July 2003,
the plaintiffs filed and served their statement of claim on 7 August 2003. On
15 August 2003, it was suggested for the first time that the claim should be
brought in Seoul instead of Singapore. The defendants filed their stay
application on 20 August 2003.

13 The defendants contended that they have a valid defence to the claim. The
Court of Appeal in _The Hung Vuong-2_ [2001] 3 SLR 146 confirmed that the
court was entitled to look into an alleged defence to see whether there was
any real substance in it. Counsel for the defendants, Mr Bazul Ashhab, in his
affidavit in support of the stay application, stated in vague terms that
“evidence will be heard to show whether or not the damage to the cargo was due
to the [d]efendants’ breach of contract or negligence”. He said that “the
[d]efendants’ liability, if any, can only be ascertained after trial and after
the cause and extent of the alleged damage to the cargo has been established
at trial”. As Mr Liew pointed out, Mr Ashhab had simply asserted in his
affidavit that the defendants have defences without actually identifying them.
He did not say what evidence would be led and who would give the evidence. It
is necessary to at least identify the witnesses and indicate what they might
say with regard to the issues likely to arise in the action. In particular,
they have to be able to give evidence which provides the defendants with a
defence. Moreover, the plaintiffs had in correspondence invited the defendants
to either admit to liability or appoint solicitors to accept service of
process if they denied liability. The defendants chose to ignore the letters
of demand. I would add that in the course of the hearing, counsel for the
defendants pointed to some clauses in the bill of lading as possible defences
even though affidavits filed on behalf of the defendants did not allude to any
facts in support of the suggested defences. The unsatisfactory state of
affairs, quite naturally, undermined the credibility of the defendants’
suggested defences to the claim.

14 On specifics, it was argued that the consignment was not damaged whilst the
reefer container was in the defendants’ custody. The reefer container was
loaded on board the vessel on 5 July 2002 at Hong Kong. It was pointed out at
the hearing of the appeal that under the contract of carriage, responsibility
for the reefer container was assumed earlier in time than what counsel on both
sides had thought. The bill of lading exhibited in Mr Ashhab’s affidavit and
that of Lee indicated that the reefer container was received for shipment at
“Shenzhen China Door” for overseas shipment at Hong Kong and for delivery at
“Singapore CY”. It was not disputed that the reefer container in question was
supplied by the defendants. It was irrelevant that the reefer container
maintained the requisite temperature during the ocean voyage. The
refrigerating temperature was not at 3°C from the outset. On 3 July 2002, the
refrigerating temperature rose from 3°C to as high as 25ºC. It then dropped to
22.5°C. The next day, the refrigerating temperature went from 25ºC to 17ºC. On
5 July 2002, the refrigerating temperature from 25ºC dropped to 3ºC and
remained at 3ºC until arrival at Singapore CY on 8 July 2002.

15 As the bill of lading was claused “Shipper’s Load & Count”, the plaintiffs
were required to _prima facie_ establish the apparent good order and condition
of the hami-melons at the time they were stuffed in the reefer container. The
plaintiffs would be able to establish this matter with documents. Basically,
the photographs exhibited in the affidavit of Lim Lay Ping showed that the
hami-melons were each individually protected with a net-like polystyrene
wrapping. The individually wrapped hami-melons were placed in compartments
made out of cardboard strips. It was reasonable to infer from these facts that
the hami-melons were apparently in good order and condition at the time of
packing. Fruits apparently in good order and condition at time of packing may
show signs of rot after a certain time. In general, the higher the temperature
the fruits are stowed in, the greater the likelihood of rot or disease
development. For a longer shelf life, in this case, the hami-melons were
required to be stowed in an ambient temperature of 3°C. The tone of the survey
reports was not so dissimilar to what I have stated. Here, the hami-melons
were transported in a reefer container at too high a temperature. That
accounted for the recommendation by the plaintiffs’ surveyor that a claim for
the damage be made against the ship.

16 The surveyors for the plaintiffs and the defendants could easily explain
their respective reports. As stated, the pre-shipment condition could be
established with documents. It would be unrealistic to expect the packers from
China to remember the condition of the hami-melons which they saw nearly a
year and a half ago. Their evidence was not likely to be of much assistance as
compared to the degree of certainty offered by documentary evidence. In any
event, the plaintiffs would have to prove that the damage was caused by the
defendants and if they could not do that, their claim would fail. The
prejudice was on the plaintiffs rather than on the defendants. Overall on the
evidence, I was satisfied that there was no real question of liability which
ought to be tried in Korea.

17 It was common ground that the claim was already time barred. The defendants
argued that the plaintiffs had themselves to blame for not protecting the
claim from being time barred in Seoul and that the defendants should not be
deprived of a defence that had accrued to them.

18 It seemed to me that as time bar was the only viable defence, it was really
for a juridical advantage that the defendants had sought litigation in the
agreed forum. The defendants were unwilling to waive the time bar defence in
the agreed forum. Without the concession, the cargo damage could not
realistically be determined in Korea. It was a factor that had to be taken
into account in the exercise of the court’s discretion. In addition, the
defendants were not willing to voluntarily transfer the security obtained here
to cover Korean proceedings.

19 It was also contended that the plaintiffs had not satisfactorily explained
why no protective writ was issued in Korea. I did not think that was crucial.
Firstly, as pointed out by Chao Hick Tin JA in _Golden Shore Transportation
Pte Ltd v UCO Bank_ ([7] _supra_), if the plaintiffs could not or did not
explain why no protective writ was issued, that did not mean that the
plaintiffs could not rely on other factors to show strong cause. Secondly,
like in _Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank_ , strong cause had
been shown in this case. Thus, the plaintiffs’ omission to issue parallel
proceedings in Korea to protect the claim from being time barred is
inconsequential. Moreover, I did not think that it was unreasonable of the
plaintiffs to have sued in Singapore. It was the lack of response from the
defendants and Hyundai Merchant Marine Co Ltd that triggered the proceedings
in Singapore. The defendants had not proffered any satisfactory reason for
ignoring the correspondence of both the plaintiffs and their solicitors. I was
not impressed at all with Lee’s explanation that he was advised that the
defendants were not under a duty to reply to the plaintiffs. If the defendants
had an answer to the claim put forward in correspondence, they could have said
what that answer was.

20 The address in Korea relied upon by Mr Ashhab in his affidavit as the
defendants’ was that of the managers. To downplay the connection in Singapore,
counsel relied on _The_ _Asian Plutus_ [1990] SLR 543 to illustrate the point
that location of witnesses, and the need for interpreters and for documents to
be translated into Korean language were all neutral factors.

21 Mr Ashhab further argued that since the governing law was Korean law, the
Korean courts would be best placed to adjudicate the plaintiffs’ claim. The
construction of the contract contained in or evidenced by the bill of lading
is a matter for the law applicable to that contract. However, there was no
evidence before me that Korean law was different from Singapore law in that
regard. I therefore proceeded on the basis that Singapore law was the same
when applied to the construction of cl 30 and the other terms in the bill of
lading, in particular, the construction of the clause paramount where the
Hague-Visby Rules were incorporated into the contract as contractual terms
notwithstanding the absence of the Hague-Visby regime in Korea. In any event,
the contract provided for the Hague-Visby Rules to apply where they were
applicable at the place of shipment, that is to say, Hong Kong. It was not
disputed that the Hague-Visby Rules applied to shipments out of Hong Kong.

22 Lai J in _The Eastern Trust_ ([8] _supra_) at 534 quite rightly pointed out
that the court will take a cumulative approach and give each circumstance due
weight. A single circumstance may not itself be sufficient to justify refusing
a stay. However, taken together, the circumstances may be found to be
sufficiently exceptional. The small size of this claim in the sum of
US$8,396.92 when considered in isolation and individually would not amount to
sufficient cause. However, I did accord weight to the small size of the claim
after having been already satisfied in the inquiry that strong cause had been
shown. So as not to be misunderstood, I am not here talking about costs being
disproportionate to the size of the claim: see generally the _dicta_ of Waller
and Chadwick LJJ in _Baghlaf Al Zafer Factory Co BR For Industry Ltd v
Pakistan National Shipping Co_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 229.

23 At the end of the day, I was satisfied that the overall justice of the case
fell on the side of the plaintiffs. There was no corresponding prejudice to
the defendants if the stay was refused. I accordingly allowed the appeal with
costs of the appeal and below fixed at $6,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

