Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Burswood Nominees Ltd (formerly Burswood Nominees Pty Ltd) v Liao Eng Kiat  
[2004] SGHC 64

Case Number | : | OS 1217/2003/F  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sharon Tay (Donaldson and Burkinshaw) for applicants; Jeanny Ng (Jeanny Ng) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Burswood Nominees Ltd (formerly Burswood Nominees Pty Ltd) — Liao Eng Kiat   
  
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries – Wagering contracts – Whether foreign wagering
contract valid under foreign governing law enforceable in Singapore – Section
5 Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Enforcement – Whether foreign
judgment should be registered in Singapore – Public policy considerations and
doctrine of comity of nations – Order 67 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997
Rev Ed), ss 3, 5 Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap
264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

1 April 2004

Lai Siu Chiu J:

**The facts**

1 Burswood Nominees Ltd (the applicants) are a company incorporated in Western
Australia, located at Great Eastern Highway, Victoria Park, Western Australia
and are trustees of the Burswood Property Trust which owns the Burswood
International Resort Casino (“the Casino”). The Casino holds a gaming licence
issued pursuant to s 21 of the (Western Australia) Casino Control Act 1984.
Liao Eng Kiat (the respondent), according to his affidavit filed on 25 August
2003, was a patron of the Casino, having visited it on no less than eight
occasions in 1997/1998. The respondent resides at 43 Woo Mon Chew Road,
Singapore.

2 On or about 20 November 1997, the respondent signed a cheque cashing
facility agreement (“the agreement”) with the Casino in respect of the
presentation of cheques drawn by the respondent. Under the terms thereof, it
was agreed that:

(a) all cheques cashed by the respondent under the agreement up to the limit
of A$50,000 at any one time, would be met when presented for payment;

(b) in respect of any cheques cashed by the respondent, the applicants were
entitled to charge interest at a rate of 18% per annum on the amount of any
cheque drawn by the respondent and which remained uncleared after seven days
from the date of first dishonour;

(c) the law of Western Australia was the choice of law and the respondent
voluntarily submitted himself to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Western
Australian courts in relation to any proceedings to be instituted by the
applicants.

3 According to the applicants, the respondent signed and delivered to them a
cheque numbered 676843 (“the cheque”) on or about 19 October 1998, drawn upon
United Overseas Bank Limited, Changi Branch (“UOB”) in the sum of S$52,900. On
receipt of the cheque, the applicants provided the respondent with a cheque
credit slip in the amount of A$50,000 (“the sum”). The plaintiff exchanged the
cheque credit slip for gaming chips worth A$50,000, gambled and lost the
entire sum at the Casino.

4 The applicants presented the cheque to UOB for payment in late October 1998
_via_ Thomas Cook through Hongkong Bank. On or about 2 November 1998, UOB
dishonoured the cheque for the reason “Refer to Drawer” and returned it to
Hongkong Bank.

5 The applicants sued the respondent in the Supreme Court of Western Australia
on the dishonoured cheque and for contractual interest (from 19 October 1998).
Notice of the writ of summons was effected on the respondent at his Singapore
residence on 4 October 2001, after the Western Australian courts had granted
leave to the applicants on 7 September 2001 to issue a writ for service
outside jurisdiction.

6 The respondent failed to enter an appearance to the proceedings within the
35-day deadline specified in the notice of the writ of summons. Consequently,
on 13 December 2001, the applicants obtained judgment in default of appearance
against the respondent in the sum of A$78,331.50 plus costs to be taxed. The
costs were subsequently taxed at A$2,765.28 on 10 March 2003.

7 On 2 May 2003, the applicants obtained a certificate from the Western
Australian courts pursuant to s 146(2)(b) of the Supreme Court Act 1935 and s
14 of the Foreign Judgments (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act 1963 of Western
Australia. The Registrar of the Supreme Court of Western Australia certified a
copy of the judgment (“the Judgment”) in the judgment sum of A$78,331.50 and
costs of A$2,765.28.

**The applications**

8 On 25 August 2003, the applicants applied under this originating summons to
register the Judgment (in the total sum of A$81,096.78) in Singapore, pursuant
to O 67 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) read with ss 3 and 5
of the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). The originating summons was granted an order in terms by the
Registrar on 26 August 2003.

9 On 8 October 2003 the respondent applied by way of Summons in Chambers No
6341 of 2003 (“the respondent’s application”) to set aside the order of court
dated 26 August 2003 and the registration of the Judgment.

10 In the affidavit filed in support of the respondent’s application, the
respondent:

(a) did not deny that he gambled at the Casino. He went further to say that he
visited the Casino using its complimentary scheme whereby, depending on
turnover and the time he spent gambling and the amount in each bet he placed,
he would be reimbursed for his airfares, food and accommodation, by the
Casino. He deposed there were other schemes operated by the Casino such as
“play now pay later”.

(b) admitted signing the agreement on or about 20 November 1997 in order to
obtain credit facilities for gambling, but could not recall giving the cheque
to the Casino. He could only remember giving a pre-signed blank (save for the
payee’s name) and undated cheque to the Casino in exchange for a voucher for
A$50,000, on 20 November 1997.

(c) deposed he then presented the voucher, together with his membership card
of the Casino, to the supervisor at the gaming table who, after verifying his
credit limit, advised the croupier to hand the respondent gaming chips worth
A$50,000. At that gambling session, the respondent lost all the credit of
A$50,000.

(d) deposed that based on legal advice he had received, the agreement dated 20
November 1997 was a contract by way of gaming or wagering and is null and void
under the current s 5(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
CLA”).

(e) averred that the applicants’ course of action cannot be entertained under
Singapore law for reasons of public policy and the Judgment debt cannot be
enforced. The court’s time should therefore not be wasted by registering the
Judgment in Singapore.

11 In reply to the respondent’s affidavit, the applicants filed an affidavit
by its credit manager Roger J L Lewis (“Lewis”) refuting the respondent’s
allegations. Lewis denied that credit was extended to the respondent for
gaming purposes. He pointed out that the Casino was prohibited (under the
schedule to the Casino (Burswood Island) Act 1985 (Western Australia) from:

(a) accepting a credit wager from any person;

(b) making a loan to any person;

(c) providing cash or chips to any person in respect of a credit card
transaction; and

(d) extending credit in any form to any person.

12 Lewis explained that the agreement entered into by the applicants and the
respondent was not a credit facility. It was a facility by which a patron
provided the applicants with a cheque in return for a voucher which could be
exchanged for gaming chips. The cheque given in exchange for the voucher was
the payment of the amount due to the applicants. Lewis deposed that on or
about 19 October 1998, the respondent was at the Casino, made use of the
facility and delivered the cheque to the applicants in exchange for a voucher
in the sum of A$50,000. The cheque amount of S$52,900 was the equivalent of
A$50,000 at the then prevailing exchange rates. Lewis revealed that the
respondent had written to the applicants’ Singapore office on 28 December 1998
asking for time until end February 1999 in which to pay the “advances”.

13 On 22 October 2003 the learned assistant registrar dismissed the
respondent’s application. The respondent appealed against the dismissal by way
of Registrar’s Appeal No 378 of 2003 (“the Appeal”) which came up for hearing
before me on 5 November 2003. I dismissed the Appeal and the respondent, with
leave granted by an order of court dated 6 January 2004, has now filed a
notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No 6 of 2004) against my decision. A stay of
execution of my order was also granted on terms, pending the outcome of the
respondent’s appeal.

**The submissions**

14 I did not have the benefit of reading the written submissions which counsel
for the respondent tendered at the hearing below. Although the notes of
arguments of that hearing recorded that she undertook to file her submissions,
she did not do so. Neither did counsel file the written submissions which she
tendered before me.

15 As I recall, the gravamen of the respondent’s case was _Star City Pty Ltd v
Tan Hong Woon_ [2001] 3 SLR 206 which decision was affirmed on appeal (see
report at [2002] 2 SLR 22). In that case, the plaintiffs operated a licensed
casino in Sydney. The defendant patronised the casino and gambled using the
same _modus operandi_ as in this case. He signed a cheque cashing facility
agreement with the casino and handed over his personal cheques in exchange for
gaming chips equivalent to the amounts stated in his cheques. If the defendant
did not have his own cheques to hand over to the casino, the latter provided
him with “house cheques” for his signature. Such house cheques are recognised
by many banks in Australia and are printed in a format pre-approved by the
Casino Control Authority; the printed details included the patron’s name, his
bank and account number. It was a term of the facility that disputes relating
to it or to cheques presented or cashed thereunder were subject to the laws of
New South Wales.

16 The plaintiffs’ claim against the defendant was for the balance sum of
A$194,840. He had utilised the facility offered by the plaintiffs and handed
over five house cheques, each in the amount of A$50,000, in exchange for
gaming chips. The defendant gambled and lost A$250,000 over three days. When
the house cheques were presented to the defendant’s bank for payment, they
were dishonoured due to insufficiency of funds. The plaintiffs sued, after the
defendant paid A$55,160 and then refused to pay the balance.

17 The trial judge dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim, holding it was a sum of
money won by the casino on a wagering contract and was irrecoverable under s
5(1) of the CLA. The plaintiffs appealed unsuccessfully to the Court of
Appeal. In dismissing their appeal, the appellate court, _inter alia_ , held:

(a) Recovery turns upon the characterisation of the transaction in question.
An action on a loan will succeed if the loan is valid by its governing law.
This is in contradistinction to the other principle contained within s 5 of
the CLA that a wagering contract which is valid by its governing law is valid
in Singapore, but no action lies in Singapore to recover any sum of money won
on such a contract;

(b) There is no general principle of public policy in Singapore against the
recovery of money lent for the purposes of gambling abroad, so long as the
transaction is a genuine loan which is valid and enforceable according to that
foreign law. However, it is contrary to local public policy for the courts to
be used by casinos to enforce gambling debts disguised in the form of loans.
Valuable court time and resources that can be better used elsewhere are wasted
on the recovery of such unmeritorious claims. The courts of justice must
remain out of bounds to claims for moneys won upon wagers, however cleverly or
covertly disguised (adopting the decision in _Star Cruise Services Ltd v
Overseas Union Bank_ _Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 412).

The Court of Appeal distinguished _Las Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock
Sunny_ [1997] 1 SLR 341 where Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) allowed the
plaintiff casino to recover approximately US$1.6m lent to the defendant to
gamble, which he lost and did not repay (in full).

18 The applicants’ counter-argument was to distinguish _Star City Pty Ltd v
Tan Hong Woon_ from this case. Their counsel pointed out that the central
issue in this case is whether registration of the Judgment under the Act would
be against public policy in Singapore. Contrary to the respondent’s argument,
counsel for the applicants contended that her clients are not attempting to
enforce gambling debts but to enforce a genuine debt owing by the respondent.
Further, the cases relied on by counsel for the respondent (_Star City Pty Ltd
v Tan Hong Woon_ , _Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank_ _Ltd_ and
_Quek Chiau Beng v Phua Swee Pah Jimmy_ [2001] 1 SLR 762) are distinguishable
on their facts. Moreover, they did not concern applications made under the
Act.

19 Counsel for the applicants submitted that the basis of registration or
enforcement of foreign judgments is the doctrine of comity of nations. It is
also founded on the doctrine of obligation in that the judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction over a defendant imposes a duty or obligation on that
defendant to pay the sum for which the judgment is given, which the
registering court is bound to enforce. Registration of the Australian judgment
would give effect to the Act which encompasses the doctrines of comity and
obligation.

20 Counsel urged the court to follow the decision in _The Aspinall Curzon Ltd
v Khoo Teng Hock_ [1991] 2 MLJ 484 where the Malaysian High Court in Kuala
Lumpur allowed the registration of a UK judgment obtained by an English casino
against the defendant. (I believe the defendant is the same defendant in _Las
Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_.) The Malaysian court held that as
the cheques issued by the defendant were in exchange for cash and gaming chips
for the purpose of gambling at a licensed casino, which was not unlawful in
England, the enforcement of the UK judgment could not be considered as being
against the public policy of Malaysia. She also referred to Canadian cases in
the same vein (_Auerbach v Resorts International Hotel Inc_ (1991) 89 DLR
(4th) 688; _Boardwalk Regency Corp v Maalouf_ (1992) 88 DLR (4th) 612 and _MGM
Grand Hotel Inc v Kiani_ [1998] 5 WWR 118).

21 The alternative argument propounded by counsel for the applicants was that
until the cheque was honoured, the applicants’ voucher handed to the
respondent represented a genuine short-term loan extended to the respondent
for gambling, which is allowed under the Casino Control Manual, a regulation
issued in accordance with the gaming laws of Western Australia. Such genuine
loans are not contrary to Singapore public policy and are enforceable in
Singapore.

**The decision**

22 I rejected the respondent’s arguments as having no merit whatsoever. There
are several features in this case which distinguished it from _Star City Pty
Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_. Firstly, the applicants did not make their claim in the
Singapore courts. Their claim (quite properly) was made in the Western
Australian courts in compliance with the jurisdiction clause in the agreement.
Having obtained a valid judgment outside Singapore, the applicants intended to
register it in Singapore for purposes of enforcement. Secondly, the appellate
court in _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ specifically held ([17(b)]
_supra_) that it is not against the general principle of public policy in
Singapore to allow recovery of money lent for the purposes of gambling abroad,
so long as the transaction is a genuine loan which is valid and enforceable
according to that foreign law.

23 Counsel for the respondent had relied heavily on _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan
Hong Woon_ for her submission that public policy (and s 5 of the CLA)
disallows a Singapore court from lending a helping hand to casinos to recover
gambling debts. Otherwise, she argued, overseas casinos would be coming to
Singapore to recover gambling debts owed by Singapore gamblers. The converse
argument is also true – it would equally be against public policy for
Singapore gamblers to gamble abroad with impunity safe in (and encouraged by)
the knowledge that upon their return to Singapore, they would not have to pay
the debts they thereby incurred. In this regard, it would be useful to refer
to the following extract (at 693) from _Auerbach v Resorts International Hotel
Inc_ where the Quebec Court of Appeal (_per_ Mailhot J) echoed my sentiments:

In my view, it would be quite contrary to public policy if Quebec became a
refuge for gamblers who could keep winnings from a gaming or betting activity
yet refuse to pay debts they had previously contracted and acknowledged by
signing some cheque or credit note.

24 It would be appropriate at this juncture to look at s 5 of the CLA; it
states:

(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way of
gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

What is the actual prohibition contained in s 5? As was held by Chao J in _Las
Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_ at [54] and [55]:

At common law gaming is not _per se_ illegal; neither is borrowing or lending
money for gaming immoral or unlawful at common law. Section 6 [now s 5 of the
CLA] does not render gambling illegal. All that it says is that a wagering
contract is void and you cannot sue on it; neither can you sue to recover any
wagering prize. …

The fact that if the present contract between the parties had been governed by
Singapore law the contract could be invalid or void (under s 6 of the Civil
Law Act) does not mean that it, being governed by Nevada law and valid under
that law, may not be enforced in Singapore.

25 The Court of Appeal in _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ agreed with Chao
J’s ruling that as the credit facility extended by the plaintiff casino was
enforceable and valid as a loan in Nevada, it fell outside the scope of s 5(2)
of the CLA altogether. The same reasoning was adopted by Choo Han Teck JC in
_Loh Chee Song v Liew Yong Chian_ [1998] 2 SLR 641.

26 The Court of Appeal in _Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Woon_ further held
that s 5(2) is a procedural provision which applies whenever foreign causes of
action are being enforced in Singapore. It added (at [32]) that the operation
of s 5(2) of the CLA merely _negatives the enforcement but not the validity_
of gaming contracts.

27 Section 5 of the CLA is _in pari materia_ to s 18 of the (UK) Gaming Act
1945. _Dicey & Morris on The Conflict of Laws_ (13th Ed, 2000) vol 2 at para
33R–434 states the following rule (Rule 199):

(1) A wagering contract which is valid by its governing law is valid in
England, but no action lies in England to recover any money won on such a
contract.

(2) A cheque drawn on an English bank and given by way of security for money
won by gaming or betting on games or for money lent for gaming or betting, is
deemed to have been given for an illegal consideration. Hence, an action in
England on the cheque will fail, unless it has been negotiated to a holder in
due course.

(3) But an action on the loan itself will succeed if the loan is valid by its
governing law.

The authors then set out the following principles (at para 33-435):

(1) An English statute which makes wagering contracts void applies only to
contracts governed by English law.

(2) An English statute which makes wagering contracts unenforceable, _ie_
forbids the bringing of an action on the contract, applies to all actions
brought in an English court on wagering contracts, irrespective of the law
applicable to them.

(3) English law governs the validity of a negotiable instrument, _eg_ a
cheque, payable in England but issued or negotiated by way of conditional
payment of, or security for, a debt arising from a foreign wagering contract.

And added at paras 33-436 and 33-437:

Section 18 of the Gaming Act 1845, makes wagering contracts null and void. It
also forbids suits being brought to recover money won on wagers. It is,
therefore, a statute which deals both with the validity and with the
enforceability of such contracts. The validity of a foreign wagering contract
is not affected by this statute, but, though valid, it cannot be sued upon in
an English court. Being part of the _lex fori_ , the second, procedural part
of the section relieves the court “of the duty of adjudicating on foreign
wagering contracts which by the ordinary rules of private international law
would escape invalidation by the first part.” [quoting Lord Radcliffe’s
judgment at 579 from _Hill v William Hill (Park Lane) Ltd_ [1949] AC 530]

… The Act of 1845 cannot be interpreted as rendering null and void wagering
contracts governed by foreign law (though it makes them unenforceable).

28 The test really is to ask the question: Was the principal judgment sum a
loan from the applicants to the respondent to enable him to gamble at the
Casino and which the respondent purportedly repaid with the cheque? I am of
the view the answer is an emphatic _yes_. In such an event, public policy does
not disallow the applicants from registering their judgment in Singapore under
the Act. It would be a different consideration altogether had the facts
revealed that the respondent gambled, lost and purportedly paid the Casino for
his losses with the cheque, which was subsequently dishonoured.

29 It bears remembering that the respondent had admitted the applicants’
claim, by his letter dated 28 December 1998, and only asked for time to pay
“the advances”. In fact, his prolongation of these proceedings bought him even
more time (except that it appears he has changed his mind in the interval
about paying the claim).

30 The doctrine of comity of nations is not something courts in Singapore
should take lightly. It is not within the purview of a Singapore court to
question the legality of a judgment obtained in a court of competent
jurisdiction. The applicants should be allowed to register in Singapore the
Judgment granted by the Western Australian courts so as not to send the wrong
signal to local gamblers. Hence, I dismissed the respondent’s appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

