Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tao Commodity Trader Inc v Fortis Bank (Nederland) N.V.  
[2004] SGHC 30

Case Number | : | Suit 1068/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Dawn Tan Ly-Ru AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Toh Kian Sing (Rajah & Tann) for the applicants/defendants; Nazim Khan (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Tao Commodity Trader Inc — Fortis Bank (Nederland) N.V.   
  
19 February 2004 _Judgment reserved._

**Assistant Registrar Dawn Tan Ly-Ru:**

1\. This was an application made by way of summons-in-chambers (“the SIC”) for
an order that the “purported service” on 31 October 2003 of the writ of
summons of even date (“the writ”) on the defendants be set aside;
alternatively, that the High Court did not “by virtue of such purported
service” obtain jurisdiction over the defendants.

2\. I allowed the application and now give my reasons.

The facts

3\. The essential facts were not in dispute. The defendants are a bank
incorporated in The Netherlands, and have a registered office at their place
of incorporation in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The defendants were formerly
registered under Part XI, Division 2 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50) (“the
Act”) as a “foreign company” (as defined in section 4 of the Act) on 19 June
2000. In compliance with section 368(1)(e) of the Act, the defendants named as
their agents two employees, Gijsbert Schot (“Schot”) and Petrus Adrianus de
Ruijter (“de Ruijter”), who were “authorised to accept on [their] behalf
service of process and any notices required to be served” on the defendants.
Schot and de Ruijter were also the Deputy General Manager and General Manager
respectively of the defendants.

4\. On 23 June 2000, the Monetary Authority of Singapore granted to the
defendants a licence to transact banking business in Singapore. In 2001, due
to a “global rationalisation” of the defendants’ overseas banking operations
and pursuant to a Business Transfer Agreement dated 10 October 2001 (“the
BTA”), the defendants sold and transferred their business operations in
Singapore to Fortis Bank S.A./N.V., the parent company of the defendants. The
BTA provided, inter alia, that the defendants’ employees would be employed by
Fortis Bank S.A./N.V., and Schot was named as one such employee.

5\. Subsequent to the conclusion of the BTA, the defendants closed their
Singapore branch. The defendants stated, and it is not disputed, that since 31
March 2002, the defendants have not had a place of business in Singapore nor
have they carried on any form of business in Singapore. Accordingly, and in
accordance with section 377 of the Act, the defendants lodged with the
Registrar a Form 90 notice (“Notice by Foreign Company of Cessation of
Business”) on 1 April 2002 informing that they had ceased to have a place of
business or to carry on business in Singapore. The Registry of Companies and
Businesses (“RCB”) acknowledged the lodgement of the notice on 4 April 2002,
and the defendants’ name was duly removed from the register upon the expiry of
12 months from that date, by 4 April 2003. The defendants did not, however,
lodge a Form 81 (“Notice by Foreign Company of Cessation of Agency”) or Form
82 notice (“Notice by Agent of Foreign Company of Cessation of Agency”), as
they believed that this was not necessary.

6\. On 31 October 2003, the plaintiffs purported to serve the writ indorsed
with a Statement of Claim on the defendants in Singapore by serving the same
on Schot at his residential address at 14 Bin Tong Park, Singapore 269795. The
plaintiffs say that Schot allegedly accepted service of the writ without any
protest, but the defendants say that the circumstances surrounding the
purported service were such that Schot could not reasonably be expected to
protest. The writ was enclosed in an envelope addressed personally to Schot,
and Schot did not know that the writ was inside when he acknowledged receipt
of the envelope and its contents thereon. In any event, on 7 November 2003,
Messrs Rajah & Tann, solicitors for the defendants, informed UniLegal LLC,
solicitors for the plaintiffs, that the defendants had ceased to be registered
under the Act. This was followed by Messrs Rajah & Tann’s letter of 11
November 2003 protesting the validity of the purported service of the writ and
inviting the plaintiffs to withdraw the same, failing which their instructions
were to take out an application to set aside service.

The arguments

7\. The defendants contended that when they ceased to be registered under the
Act, both Schot and de Ruijter also ceased employment with them (although
Schot is currently the General Manager of Fortis Bank S.A./N.V.) and hence
ceased to have any authority to accept service of process in Singapore on
behalf of the defendants. The fact that the defendants had ceased to maintain
a place of business or to carry on any form of business was significant
because this meant that service of the writ was effected on a company which to
all intents and purposes no longer maintained a corporate presence in
Singapore.

8\. Moreover, service was purportedly effected pursuant to section 376(b) of
the Act, which provides for service of any document required to be served on a
foreign company by addressing the same to an agent of the company and leaving
it at or sending it by post to his registered address. This mode of service
was not available to the plaintiffs, and such service was not good service,
because section 365 made it clear that section 376 and the other provisions in
Division 2 applied only to companies that were registered. As such, section
376(b) was not applicable to the defendants as they had ceased to be
registered at the time of the purported service of the writ. To hold that
section 376(b) was applicable would also make no sense in light of section
376(c), which specifies how service on a company that has ceased to maintain a
place of business in Singapore is to be carried out (addressed to the foreign
company and left at or sent by post to its registered office in the place of
its incorporation). If a company such as the defendants could be served
pursuant to section 376(b), this would render section 376(c) otiose.

9\. It followed that section 370, and in particular section 370(2), (3), (4)
and (5) (which deals with the procedures for the appointment and replacement
of agents), being a provision in Division 2, was not applicable once the
defendants had ceased to be registered. Accordingly, section 370(2)(a) (an
agent shall continue to be the agent of the company until he ceases to be such
in accordance with section 370(4)) was not applicable, nor was the cessation
of an agent’s status governed by section 370(4). The defendants were not
obliged to comply with either section 370(3) (lodging with the Registrar a
written notice stating that the agent has ceased to be or will cease to be
such) or section 370(5) (appointing another agent where the company is left
with only one agent in Singapore). Consequently, the defendants were under no
obligation to lodge Forms 81 or 82, these notices not being documents that
“ought to have been lodged” before the date the Form 90 notice was lodged
(section 377).

10\. Finally, once the defendants ceased to be registered because they no
longer maintained a place of business or carried on any business in Singapore,
the nexus for obtaining jurisdiction in Singapore also ceased to exist.

11\. The plaintiffs, in contrast, submitted that the status of the defendants’
agents as such could only be terminated in accordance with the provisions of
the Act, that is, section 370(2), (3) and (4). This was not done in the
instant case. In addition, the defendants’ cessation of business did not
affect the status of the agents: sections 368(1)(e) read with 370(2)-(4),
together with sections 376(b), (c) and 377(1). The plaintiffs also relied on
the English decisions of _Rome and another v Punjab Bank_ (No. 2) [1990] BCLC
20, _Sabatier v The Trading Company_ (1927) 1 Ch 495 and _Employers’ Liability
Assurance Corporation, Limited v Sedgwick, Collins and Company, Limited_
(1927) AC 95.

12\. On a plain reading of the authorities cited and the relevant provisions,
in particular sections 370(2)-(4) and 376(b), until an agent ceases to be such
by filing the requisite notice, service on such an agent by addressing the
writ to him and leaving it at or sending it by post to his registered address
is good service. Service of the writ on Schot, whose name remained on the
RCB’s records as the defendants’ agent as at the date of service, was thus
good service. Additionally, even after the defendants ceased to maintain a
place of business or to carry on business in Singapore and had filed a Form 90
notice under section 377, a literal interpretation of section 370(2)-(4)
mandated the filing of either a Form 81 or Form 82 notice; the status of an
agent was independent of the defendants’ cessation of business in Singapore or
otherwise.

13\. Further, the defendants’ position that neither Schot nor de Ruijter had
the authority to accept service of process on behalf of the defendants was
untenable, in view of de Ruijter’s filing on 9 July 2002 (some three months
after the defendants lodged their Form 90 notice) of a “Statutory Declaration
Verifying Balance Sheet.” In any case, the defendants’ belief that the
lodgement of Forms 81 or 82 was unnecessary, or their ignorance of the need to
do so, was irrelevant because the requirement was strict and the defendants’
erroneous belief did not mitigate their duty to comply.

The application

14\. For the avoidance of doubt, I should clarify at the outset that the sole
question raised in the SIC and submitted to this court for determination, and
correspondingly the ambit of this decision, was the validity of the purported
service of the writ. Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Nazim Khan, thought that
by the second prayer in the SIC the defendants were taking the position that
Singapore was not the appropriate or convenient forum for the resolution of
the dispute between the parties. Mr Khan therefore sought to show, in
paragraphs 34-59 of the first affidavit of the plaintiffs’ Chief Executive
Officer, Julio D. Sy. Jr. filed on 3 December 2003, why Singapore was the
appropriate forum.

15\. I did not think that the second prayer admitted of the interpretation Mr
Khan placed upon it, and nor did the defendants. In an affidavit affirmed by
one of their solicitors, Mr Ian Teo and filed on 12 December 2003, the
defendants confirmed that the question whether or not Singapore is the
appropriate forum did not arise at all, although the defendants reserved their
right to raise any issue pertaining thereto in a subsequent application. I
would only add, in response to the explanation of counsel for the defendants,
Mr Toh Kian Sing that the first and second prayers were two sides of the same
coin, that it was preferable to delete the word “alternatively” from the
second prayer. If the purported service was held to be invalid and set aside,
it would stand to reason that the High Court did not by virtue of such service
obtain jurisdiction over the defendants.

The common law and statutory regimes

16\. To put it another way, the distinction is between the _existence_ of
jurisdiction (which depends on a concurrence of ground or nexus and service of
writ) and the _exercise_ of jurisdiction, over which the court in its inherent
jurisdiction always exercises control – it may choose for various reasons not
to exercise the jurisdiction which exists, including according to the doctrine
of _forum non conveniens_ : see Tan Y.L. [1993] _Singapore Journal of Legal
Studies_ 557 at 564.

17\. The basis of jurisdiction in Singapore is statutory, as has been the case
in England since 1873, but that does not preclude the application of the
relevant common law cases and principles. Indeed, the orthodox conception of
_in personam_ jurisdiction established (or reinstated) by the 1993 amendments
to section 16 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap. 322) (“SCJA”) is
such as to resemble conceptions of _in personam_ jurisdiction at common law.
The existence or absence of jurisdiction as defined herein, which is a
question of law, was the question on which the fate of this application
turned.

18\. Both parties proceeded on the basis, and it was not in doubt, that the
governing statutory regimes were section 16 of the SCJA and Part XI, Division
2 of the Act. The starting point is section 16(1), which sets out the civil
jurisdiction of the High Court in _in personam_ actions. Section 16(1) directs
that the _in personam_ jurisdiction is well-founded regardless of whether the
defendant is served in Singapore or outside Singapore, so long as he is served
in the manner prescribed by or the circumstances authorised by the Rules of
Court (section 16(1)(a)(i), (ii)); jurisdiction is also well-founded where the
defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court (section 16(1)(b)). It
is also stipulated that the civil jurisdiction of the High Court extends to
“such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law” (section
16(2)). Section 16(2) has been understood to include any other statutory
provisions conferring jurisdiction on the High Court which, in relation to
foreign companies, would refer to Part XI, Division 2 of the Act.

19\. There are two other provisions touching on the question of service on
foreign companies which, for completeness, are dealt with briefly. The first
is Order 62 rule 4 of the Rules of Court, which provides that service of a
document on a body corporate may be effected by serving it on the chairman or
president of the body, or the secretary, treasurer or other similar officer.
Order 62 rule 4 does not apply because it can be employed only “in cases for
which provision is not otherwise made by any written law,” which in the
present case takes the form of section 376. (An attempt to apply Order 62 rule
4 would also run into interpretational difficulties as to whether Schot came
within the phrase “other similar officer,” bearing in mind the _ejusdem
generis_ rule.) Second, there is Order 10 rule 2, which provides for service
with leave of court on an agent or manager of the person served. This
provision can be employed only if its special criteria are fulfilled: the
agent or manager must have “control or management” (Order 10 rule 2(1(b)) and
the action must relate to “any business or work” over which such agent or
manager has control or management (Order 10 rule 2(1)(a)). It is uncertain if
both these criteria are satisfied on the facts, nor was leave of court sought
and obtained. Therefore, it was accepted that the application would proceed,
and stand or fall, on the basis of section 16 of the SCJA and the provisions
of Part XI, Division 2 of the Act.

20\. It will be convenient to begin with the defendants’ contention that the
provisions in Part XI, Division 2 of the Act, including the provisions
relating to service on an agent (section 376(b)) and cessation of agency
(section 370), were not applicable because the defendants had ceased to be
registered. This proposition, which was premised on section 365 of the Act,
was as disingenuous as it was startling. Section 365 states:

This Division applies to a foreign company which, before it establishes a
place of business or commences to carry on business in Singapore, complies
with section 368 and is registered under this Division.

_Ergo_ , once the defendants were de-registered, they had no obligation to
file the Form 81 or 82 notices in accordance with section 370, and service on
Schot pursuant to section 376(b) was not good service.

21\. Plainly, section 365 could not have the effect that was contended for.
Leaving aside for the time being the meaning of the expressions “place of
business” and “carry on business,” it did not follow from the requirement of
registration that when a company became de-registered, the entire Division and
all the provisions therein ceased to be applicable. This was evident both as a
matter of logic and upon consideration of the various provisions in context.
Section 365, together with section 368, mandated the duty to register “before”
a foreign company established a place of business or commenced business, but
that did not mean that once that company ceased to be registered, all the
provisions in Division 2 ceased to operate.

22\. A simple illustration will suffice. For instance, in their written
submissions, the defendants seem to suggest that in the present circumstances,
where they have from a certain date ceased to be registered under the Act,
service can be effected on them in accordance with section 376(c) (which would
necessitate service out of the jurisdiction at the defendants’ place of
incorporation) but not section 376(b). Assuming that the defendants are right
in their view of section 365, this cannot be so since there is nothing in
section 365 that mandates giving preference to the mode of service envisaged
in section 376(c) over that in section 376(b) – both must be equally
inapplicable on the defendants’ view. Going further, section 377 itself must
also fall, and there is no need to consider whether the Form 81 or 82 notices
must be filed. In fact, the obligation to lodge the Form 90 notice established
by section 377(1) by which the company becomes de-registered would be rendered
inapplicable on this reading of section 365. The defendants’ argument based on
what could only be called a most peculiar construction of Division 2, was thus
rejected.

23\. Of greater interest and pertinence was the defendants’ other contention
that section 376(b) was not applicable because they were no longer registered
under the Act at the time of the purported service, in contradistinction to
the plaintiffs’ position that section 376(b) was applicable because the status
of the agents as such and their authority to accept service of process on
behalf of the company were independent of and survived the defendants’
cessation of business.

24\. Section 370(2) states that an agent registered under section 368(1)(e)
“shall continue to be the agent of the company” until lodgement of the written
notice referred to in section 370(3) and (4) informing of the cessation of
agency. It may be noted that section 370(3) does not use the peremptory
“shall” as opposed to “may,” but that does not mean that lodgement of the
notice is permissive only; rather, section 370(3) simply means that a foreign
company that is desirous of terminating the agency of an agent “may” lodge the
requisite notice. In fact, section 370(5) affirms the requirement in section
368(1)(e) for the company to have at any time two agents resident in Singapore
authorised to accept on its behalf service of process. In this connection,
section 370(4) spells out when an agent ceases to be such; admittedly, the
manner in which this section was drafted is somewhat curious, but that does
not affect the determination of the issue at hand. See Walter Woon,
_Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ (Vol. 1, 1997 Issue) at 907-8.
It therefore appears, as the plaintiffs say, that a positive act is required
to terminate the agent’s authority, and as this was not done in the present
case, service of the writ on Schot was good service. See also Walter Woon,
“Jurisdiction Over Foreign Companies in Singapore Law,” (1987) _Malayan Law
Journal_ xxviii, xxxiv.

25\. It was, however, necessary to go further and consider the effect of the
defendants’ cessation of business on the authority of their agents; the mere
assertion that the status of an agent was independent of the fact of cessation
of business was not sufficient. In this regard, there was a good argument that
the presence on the register of the names of the defendants’ agents, including
Schot’s, amounted to a holding out or representation that that agent had
authority (or at least apparent authority) to accept service of process on
behalf of the defendants. This was especially so in light of the provisions of
section 370, which requires a positive act in order to terminate the agent’s
authority. Mr Toh was hard pressed to come up with a reply to this point when
inquiry was made of him in the course of oral submissions, save to say that
the onus was on the plaintiffs to show that they had relied on the
representation, if it was such. I did not think that the element of reliance
would prove to be a stumbling block – indeed, the plaintiffs by purporting to
serve the writ on Schot had amply demonstrated reliance. Whether or not such
reliance was reasonable, as it was also apparent on the face of the register
that the defendants had ceased to be registered, was a separate question. But
Mr Toh did make a most crucial point to which I shall return, which was that
reliance _per se_ cannot create a basis for jurisdiction where there is none,
as where the company has been de-registered.

26\. The plaintiffs, relying on statements in the commentaries by Woon
(_supra_) and a line of English decisions which held that cessation of
business was no impediment to service through section 376, took the following
position. First, the fact that a company was no longer doing business in
Singapore was insufficient to terminate the agent’s authority to accept
service on its behalf: _Sabatier_ (_supra_); _Employers’ Liability Assurance_
(_supra_); _Rome v Punjab Bank_ (_supra_). Second, and following from this,
until the agent’s name was removed from the register, service on him was good
service even if he did not wish to continue as agent: _Employers’ Liability
Assurance_. Third, service on an agent was good service even though the
foreign company had abandoned its place of business within the jurisdiction:
_Sabatier_.

_The English decisions_

27\. It is proposed to examine the decisions that have consistently held that
service is not affected by cessation of business.

28\. In _Employers’ Liability Assurance Corporation v Sedgwick_ , a registered
Russian company which was in the process of liquidation ceased to carry on
business within the jurisdiction, but did not remove the name of its agent, C,
from the register. The majority of the House of Lords held that service of the
writ on C was valid; the company by placing on record the name of a person
authorised to accept service of process on its behalf had agreed to submit to
the jurisdiction and such submission continued notwithstanding its cessation
of business. This decision was followed in _Sabatier_ , where it was held in
_dicta_ (per Clauson J) that even where there was cessation of business and
abandonment of the place of business, retention on the register of the name of
an agent made the company amenable to service. The last and most extreme of
this line of cases is _Rome v Punjab Bank_ , where the same result was arrived
at despite cessation of the company’s business, closure of its place of
business, closure of the registrar’s file on the company upon request made for
cancellation of registration and the withdrawal from the jurisdiction of the
company’s agents, B and G, whose names, unfortunately, continued to remain on
file.

29\. The result in _Punjab Bank_ is somewhat less drastic, commented Mr Toh in
an article aptly titled “Obtaining Jurisdiction Over Foreign Companies,”
(1995) 7 _Singapore Academy of Law Journal_ 103, 119, when it is remembered
that the court may exercise its discretion to stay the action on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_. This was alluded to previously and was a major, but by
no means decisive factor in considering the question herein, and on which more
will be said in due course. The result in the English authorities is
explicable also, opined Mr Toh, from the policy perspective of preventing a
foreign company from uprooting itself with jurisdictional impunity (apart from
being pursued to its place of incorporation), leaving behind a trail of local
creditors. However, argued Mr Toh, this rationale only covered local creditors
and did not extend to foreign creditors such as the plaintiffs, who were a
Filipino company seeking to take advantage of local provisions to obtain
jurisdiction in the Singapore courts over another foreign company, the
defendants. I was not convinced that the nationality of a creditor or
plaintiff made any difference, if the true object behind the policy was to
prevent foreign companies from uprooting themselves with impunity. There was
no reason why different rules should apply depending on whether or not the
plaintiffs were a local company, if the jurisdictional question could be
answered in the affirmative.

30\. Nonetheless, the consequent hardship to a registered foreign company that
has long ceased to maintain a place of business or carry on business in the
forum if it were to be sued on a cause of action which had nothing to do with
its local commercial operations (_ibid_), is a real concern. This perhaps
explains the decision of the Australian High Court in _Gillett v National
Benefit Life and Property Assurance Company Limited_ (1918) 24 CLR 374, where
on facts similar to those in _Sabatier_ and _Punjab Bank_ it was held that a
company that had ceased to carry on business was not present or resident
within the jurisdiction for the purposes of service.

31\. The preponderance of authorities, therefore, suggests that cessation of
business without the concomitant removal from the register of the agents’
names is no immunity to jurisdiction. These authorities were certainly
persuasive, but not binding. Before me, Mr Toh sought to distinguish them on
the basis that the governing provisions, Part XXIII of the English Companies
Act 1985 (“the English Act”), were quite different from the provisions of
Division 2 of the Act. To begin with, there was no equivalent in the Act of
section 695 of the English Act (which requires a company incorporated outside
Great Britain, when it establishes a place of business in Great Britain, to
deliver to the registrar of companies within one month certain documents for
registration); the closest provision was section 365 which was not in the same
terms. Then, while the Act has a clear de-registration provision in section
377, the English Act only has section 696(4). More importantly, there was no
provision parallel or analogous to section 695, in particular section 695(1)
and the proviso contained in section 695(2). The only provision that bore any
resemblance to section 695 was section 376 of the Act, but the proviso in
section 695(2) was not applicable. Therefore, the English position was very
different: the applicability of the relevant provisions was not confined to
the situation where the company was still registered; a company that had
ceased to carry on business could still be caught, so long as it had a place
of business within the jurisdiction.

32\. It would be instructive to set out in full the text of section 695(1) and
(2) of the English Act. It reads as follows:

695(1) Any process or notice required to be served on an overseas company is
sufficiently served if addressed to any person whose name has been delivered
to the registrar under preceding sections in this Part and left at or sent by
post to the address which has been so delivered.

(2) However – (a) where such a company makes default in delivering to the
registrar the name and address of a person resident in Great Britain who is
authorised to accept on behalf of the company service of process or notices,
or (b) if at any time all the persons whose names and addresses have been so
delivered are dead or have ceased so to reside, or refuse to accept service on
the company’s behalf, or for any reason cannot be served, a document may be
served on the company by leaving it at, or sending it by post to, any place of
business established by the company in Great Britain.

Before the Court of Appeal in _Punjab Bank_ , it was submitted on behalf of
the appellant bank that section 695(1) must be construed in the context of
sections 691 to 696; if this was done then on a proper construction a
nomination made in a return pursuant to section 691 could not continue to have
effect after the company had ceased to have an established place of business
in Great Britain, at least where first, it had notified the registrar of that
fact, second, that fact had been recorded on the register and third, the
registrar had marked the company’s file as closed. Further, the construction
contended for by the respondents (which could be summarised as “once
registered, always registered”) was contrary to other well-established
principles, such as that in the field of private international law that the
_in personam_ jurisdiction of the English courts over foreigners was based on
the fact of residence or presence. To hold that jurisdiction should continue
after cessation of residence or presence, as occurs when a foreign company
ceases to have an established place of business, was in clear conflict with
such principle.

33\. The Court of Appeal acknowledged that there was considerable force to
these arguments, but affirmed the decision of the judge below and dismissed
the bank’s appeal. Sir John May, delivering the judgment of the court, agreed
that the wording of section 695(1) was clear and explicit and further, that
although section 695(2) was not worded as a proviso, it was clearly tantamount
to one. That being the case, on well-established principles, section 695(2)
was not capable of qualifying the clear words of section 695(1) – which stood
on its own as an unequivocal statutory declaration that service in the manner
described (which was in fact performed on the facts of _Punjab Bank_) was
sufficient service.

34\. Hence, an examination of the reasoning of the Court of Appeal in _Punjab
Bank_ revealed that, far from supporting the plaintiffs’ submission that the
English authorities were in their favour, the conclusion to be drawn from them
was that the result in all the cases, with particular reference to _Punjab
Bank_ , was based squarely on the wording of section 695(1) of the English
Act. It bears mentioning that in that case Parker LJ, like Sir John May, felt
constrained by the wording of that section to arrive at the same result, but
not without pointing out that the issue of construction would result,
whichever way it was decided, in an absurdity. The learned judge also
expressed the hope that the unsatisfactory situation would soon receive
legislative attention leading to an amendment restricting resort to section
695(1). I therefore accepted that _Punjab Bank_ and the other English
authorities were of limited assistance as having been decided on a different
basis, and accordingly placed little reliance upon them.

_Submission to jurisdiction_

35\. Expanding on the distinction between the existence as opposed to the
exercise of jurisdiction, it has often been remarked that the term
“jurisdiction” is ambiguous. This ambiguity is apparent from an oft-quoted
definition proffered by Diplock J, as he then was, in _Garthwaite v
Garthwaite_ [1964] P 356, as follows:

In its narrow and strict sense, the “jurisdiction” of a validly constituted
court connotes the limits which are imposed on its power to hear and determine
issues between persons seeking to avail themselves of its process by reference
(i) to the subject-matter of the issue, or (ii) to the persons between whom
the issue is joined, or (iii) to the kind of relief sought, or any combination
of these factors. In its wider sense it embraces also the settled practice of
the court as to the way in which it will exercise its power to hear and
determine issues which fall within its “jurisdiction” (in the strict sense),
or as to the circumstances in which it will grant a particular kind of relief
which it has “jurisdiction” (in the strict sense) to grant, including its
settled practice to refuse to exercise such powers or to grant such relief in
particular circumstances.

It could be said that this definition really went to the difference between
jurisdiction and power but, as noted by Tan (_supra_ , at 569), “jurisdiction”
proper means a concern with matters that go to jurisdiction, the lack of which
vitiates it, whereas power connotes matters which affect the exercise of
jurisdiction.

36\. It also axiomatic that powers may be exceeded and that such excess may be
cured, unlike a want of jurisdiction for which there is no cure; parties
cannot, for instance, by consent create jurisdiction where no jurisdiction
exists. This is a point of some significance and bears repeating, when the
defendants’ argument that there was no jurisdictional nexus once they ceased
to maintain a place of business or to carry on business and to be registered,
is considered shortly.

37\. But the meaning of the term “jurisdiction” arises, additionally, in
another sense, namely whether or not the presence on the register of the names
of the defendants’ duly appointed agents after the defendants had de-
registered themselves amounted to a submission to jurisdiction. In _Employers’
Liability Assurance v Sedgwick_ , Lords Sumner and Parmoor took the view that
the act of registration amounted to a submission to the territorial
jurisdiction of the English courts; this view was subsequently followed in
_Sabatier_. It is not necessary for this court to decide the point, as it was
not raised by either the defendants or the plaintiffs in both their written
and oral submissions. It will be sufficient to say that an argument to this
effect faces formidable hurdles to success: registration on pain of a fine
(failure to register attracts a maximum fine of $1,000 under section 386)
hardly connotes any notion of voluntariness which must underlie a submission
to jurisdiction; it may also be noted that voluntary submission alone as a
ground of jurisdiction was rejected by Michael Hwang JC in _Indo Commercial
Society (Pte) Ltd v Ebrahim Yusef Abdul Rahman Rahmani_ [1992] 2 SLR 1041
(unless one of the grounds in section 16 was first satisfied). In any case,
any such submission would probably be implied, a notion which has been largely
rejected in English and local cases (Toh, _supra_ , at 109). Last but not
least, if the ground of submission in section 16 refers to the _in personam_
jurisdiction based on presence, submission must be the conferring of presence
which was otherwise lacking. Such conferment could not possibly be achieved on
the facts when the defendants had ceased to maintain a corporate presence
and/or to be registered.

_Jurisdictional nexus under Part XI, Division 2 and section 16_

38\. In comparison, the authorities are largely in agreement that registration
as a statutory parallel to or substitute for the common law criterion of
corporate presence within jurisdiction, coupled with service of a writ on a
foreign company that is so registered, is sufficient to found jurisdiction
over such company. It has never been doubted that the cases were to be read
together with the common law principle that the foundation of _in personam_
jurisdiction is service of a writ on a defendant that is present within the
jurisdiction: see, _eg_ , the commentaries by Dicey and Morris, _The Conflict
of Laws_ (13th ed., Vol 1) at 298 and Sykes and Pryles, _Australian Private
International Law, Conflict of Laws_ (2nd ed., 1987) at 27-8. There was thus
no need for Part XI, Division 2 of the Act to expressly state that service in
the forum on a duly registered foreign company confers jurisdiction; it was
clear from the terms of section 16 that the provisions of Part XI, Division 2
created a source of jurisdiction. But this merely reiterates the point made
earlier, that the conceptual premise of the _in personam_ jurisdiction
encapsulated in section 16 mirrors that at common law.

39\. That being the case, it stands to reason that the concept of corporate
presence at the time of service, in the sense of the corporate defendant being
present in Singapore through its conduct of business for a definite period at
a fairly fixed or permanent place, is an implied requirement of section
16(1)(a)(i). This proposition is supported by the legislative intent behind
the 1993 amendments to section 16, which was to re-introduce a jurisdictional
framework similar to that which exists at common law and based, in part, on
service on a defendant within jurisdiction: Toh, _supra_ , at 122. In this
respect, reference is made to the Parliamentary debates on the amendments,
during which the Minister for Law in explaining the effect of the amendments
stated:

Prior to 1964, the general civil jurisdiction of the High Court in actions _in
personam_ was unlimited and founded on service of a writ on a defendant either
in Singapore or abroad … The amendment of section 16 will place the High Court
in exactly the position as it was before 1964 and in the position of the High
Court of Judicature in England today in relation to countries outside the
European Economic Community.

See Parliamentary Debates Singapore, Official Report, Vol. 61, No. 1 at col.
95.

40\. It will not be necessary to analyse the meaning of the term “corporate
presence,” which has been extensively considered (albeit under different
names: “place of business within jurisdiction,” “carrying on business within
jurisdiction,” “resident within jurisdiction”) in various judicial
pronouncements. The only points to be emphasised in this regard are that it is
the company’s territorial connection with the forum that matters, and the
relevant time for assessing corporate presence is the time of service of
process, so that if by that time the company has ceased to carry on business,
it cannot be served within jurisdiction.

41\. On the facts, it was clear that at the time of the purported service, the
defendants had already de-registered themselves and had ceased to either
maintain a place of business or to carry on any business – Schot and de
Ruijter remained on the RCB’s register as agents, but there was no evidence to
show that the defendants were conducting any business through them. Nor did
the plaintiffs seek to establish otherwise. The plaintiffs’ point that de
Ruijter had on 9 July 2002 filed a statutory declaration verifying the balance
sheet of the defendants, and the defendants’ response that it was Schot and
not de Ruijter on whom service was purportedly effected, were really of no
consequence; it was not argued that the act of filing was anything but
administrative in nature. Therefore, once the defendants ceased to be
registered because they had ceased to trade in Singapore, the nexus for
obtaining jurisdiction over them in Singapore also ceased to exist. There was
no concurrence of ground or nexus and service of writ, and such purported
service was accordingly set aside.

_Concluding remarks_

42\. I conclude by observing that the view I have taken is consonant with
common sense: there is an argument for saying that where the name of the
company has been removed from the register, even if its agents’ names have
not, it should not be left susceptible to service where the very effect of
registration has been reversed. This is contrary to the view taken by some
commentators far more learned than I, to the effect that any resulting
injustice can be remedied by a stay of the proceedings under the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. See, _eg_ , Woon, “Jurisdiction Over Foreign
Companies in Singapore Law,” (_supra_) at xxxiii where the distinguished
author took the view that as a matter of policy, it is probably better to have
a wide rather than a narrow jurisdiction – if Singapore turns out to be an
inconvenient forum, that can be dealt with by staying the action; this was to
be preferred over precluding the courts from dealing with the matter at all. I
would merely say that the courts cannot of their own accord create
jurisdiction where there is none: in the present case there was no nexus or
ground _in law_ to establish jurisdiction, and the purported service of the
writ could not cure that defect.

43\. I will hear the parties on the question of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

