Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chee Wee v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGCA 2

Case Number | : | Cr App 13/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Yap (Peter Yap) and Teo Choo Kee (CK Teo and Co) for appellant; James E Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Chee Wee — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Whether sufficient that intention to kill
formed on the spot  
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Sudden fight – Whether blow struck in
sudden fight in heat of passion occasioned by sudden quarrel  
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Sudden fight – Whether striking deceased
on head with hammer constitutes taking undue advantage  
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Sudden fight – Whether striking deceased
on head with hammer repeatedly constitutes acting in cruel or unusual manner  
  
Words and Phrases – "Fight" – Meaning  
  

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant was convicted on the following charge and sentenced to death:

That you, Tan Chee Wee, on the 9th day of January 2003, between 10.42 am and
12.25 pm, at Block 45 Chai Chee Street #09-168, Singapore, committed murder by
causing the death of one Thabun Pranee, female/26 years old, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under section 302 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

2 He appealed against his conviction. We heard his appeal and dismissed it for
the reasons that we now give.

**Background**

3 The appellant, a Malaysian, was 29 years old on the date of the offence. He
was married to Goh Ai Hoon (“Goh”), also a Malaysian. The couple worked at
Polycore Optical (Pte) Limited (“Polycore”), a Singapore company. Despite
being married, they lived separately in the male and female quarters provided
by Polycore for its employees at Hougang.

4 The deceased, Thabun Pranee, was a Thai national holding a long-term pass.
She was married to one Ler Lee Mong (“Ler”). Ler had brought the deceased to
Singapore shortly after their marriage. The deceased could not speak English
and could only manage a little Hokkien. They stayed at a flat at Chai Chee
Street (“the flat”).

5 The appellant was a friend of Ler. He was a regular visitor to the flat. He
came by two to three times a week to play mahjong with Ler and two other
friends, namely Seow Chiak Kwang (“Seow”) and Alveen Ong, as well as to watch
soccer matches. During these visits, the appellant hardly spoke to the
deceased and they had merely nodded at each other owing to communication
problems.

**Prosecution’s case**

6 At the trial below, the Prosecution’s case was simple. They contended that
the appellant had gone to the flat to rob the deceased. In the course of the
robbery, he had attacked her and intentionally inflicted several blows to her
head. The injuries caused by those blows were sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death. As such, the Prosecution contended that the
appellant was liable under both limbs (a) and (c) of s 300 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“s 300”), which reads:

**Murder.**

300\. Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder —

(a) if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of
causing death;

(b) …

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; or …

7 We now turn to examine the evidence presented by the Prosecution in greater
depth. Their case begins on 9 January 2003 when the appellant was not feeling
well. He went to see Polycore’s company doctor and was given one day’s medical
leave. The appellant returned to Polycore’s office premises to submit the
medical certificate and to issue some instructions to his staff. He then
hailed a taxi and went to the flat. He reached the void deck of the flat at
about 10am.

8 At that time, the deceased was alone at home as Ler had already left home
for work. The appellant managed to gain access to the flat. The story then
moves to about 5.50pm when Ler called home. No one answered his calls. He
reached home at about 6.10pm and found the main wooden door to the flat wide
open. The left side of the iron gate was also open and the padlock to the iron
gate was hanging on the hinge with the keys dangling from the keyhole. He
immediately entered the flat and walked to the master bedroom. He found his
wife lying in a pool of blood on the floor next to the bed. She was lying on
her left side. She was only wearing a black T-shirt and panty. He tried to
wake her up, but failed to elicit any visible response. He immediately ran out
of the master bedroom and called the police.

9 While waiting for the police to arrive, Ler noticed that the wardrobe
drawers had been forced open. He also found that his wife’s jewellery box and
wallet were empty. Upon the arrival of the police, they asked Ler to check his
belongings thoroughly. Ler complied and discovered that other items including
one gold Rolex watch, gold chains, gold bracelets, the gold rings that his
wife normally wore, a red packet containing $120 and cash of about $300 were
all missing.

10 A paramedic arrived on the scene at 6.31pm and the deceased was pronounced
dead at 6.38pm. The officers from the Special Investigation Section, Criminal
Investigation Division (“SIS”) arrived at the flat at about 8pm. ASP
Christopher Jacob was the investigating officer. In the course of his
investigations, he activated the caller-ID display screen of the master
bedroom telephone and noticed that there were two incoming calls that day. The
first was at 10.42am from a mobile telephone number 98773531 and the second
was from Ler in the evening.

11 Further investigations revealed that the mobile phone number was registered
to Seow who told the police that he had subscribed to the line on behalf of
the appellant. At 11.30pm, the SIS officers went to Polycore’s male quarters
and confirmed that the appellant was in possession of a mobile phone carrying
the said number. They invited him back to the station for an interview. The
appellant did not object and went along.

12 The next morning, the appellant gave a statement to the SIS officers in
which he admitted to entering the flat for the purpose of robbery. He further
admitted that a struggle occurred in which he had used a hammer to hit her
head and the deceased had rolled onto the floor, following which the appellant
left the flat. The SIS officers then placed the appellant under arrest for
murder.

13 The appellant was brought back to his quarters where a black haversack was
recovered. In that haversack, the police found four gold chains, five
bracelets, three rings, one Buddha pendant, one bangle and one gold Rolex
watch, which were identified by Ler as being the items taken from his flat.
The police also found a hammer, spanner, screwdriver and test pen which the
appellant identified as the tools that he had brought along for the robbery.

14 The police subsequently recovered from a rubbish collection centre the
T-shirts that the appellant had worn during the robbery and from Senoko
Incinerator Plant the gloves, string and knife that the appellant had used
during the robbery. All these items were identified by the appellant. A
subsequent analysis by the DNA Profiling Laboratory at the Centre of Forensic
Science revealed that blood was found on the hammer, knife, strings and glove.
This blood was found to match the blood of the deceased.

15 On the same day, the police recorded a cautioned statement under s 122(6)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) from the appellant at
about 7pm. In that statement, which was admitted without challenge, the
appellant stated:

On that day, when I went up, it had never occurred to me that the matter would
become so serious. On that day, she had run out of the room and I pointed the
knife at her. She struggled. I only pointed the knife at her and she was
struggling away. I do not know how my knife ended up stabbing her throat. On
that day when I went up, I had only wanted money. I did not intend to kill
her…

16 As their final witness, the Prosecution called Dr Gilbert Lau, the forensic
pathologist who had conducted the autopsy. He testified that from his
preliminary examination of the body on 9 January 2003 at 11pm, he estimated
the post mortem interval to be in the region of 6–12 hours. He further
testified that he established at the autopsy that the victim’s attire was
heavily stained with blood. He found 18 scalp lacerations of varying
dimensions, with the most severe being “Injury No 1” which was a “gaping, deep
stellate laceration measuring 6x4cm across the lower central and right
occipital regions”. There was also an underlying fracture measuring 3x3cm from
which a linear fracture 6cm in length radiated from. In addition, there was a
stab wound across the lower neck and several fine scratch marks around the
stab wound, as well as several more minor injuries such as bruises on her face
and ligature marks on both her wrists.

17 Dr Lau testified that the deceased’s death was due to “blunt force trauma
of the head, with resultant bilateral, diffuse, acute subdural and
subarachnoid haemorrhage”. In plain terms, this meant that death had resulted
from the blows to the victim’s head, which had caused damage to the brain. He
further opined that the stab wound to the neck was “unlikely to have caused or
contributed to death”.

18 Dr Lau further testified that he was of the opinion that the hammer found
in the appellant’s quarters could have been used to inflict the lacerations of
the scalp and the underlying fractures of the skull. Dr Lau also noted that
while it was, in theory, possible for one or two of the scalp lacerations to
have been caused by the deceased’s head falling onto the spanner, this would
require the deceased to have been pushed with considerable force. Further, it
was highly unlikely given the wide splatter of blood in the bedroom, which
instead suggested to him that repeated blows were inflicted upon the victim’s
head by “up and down movements of the bloodstained instruments” at various
locations in the room.

19 Lastly, Dr Lau testified that he was of the opinion that the head wounds
(in particular, the injuries caused to the brain by the blows) would be
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

20 After hearing the Prosecution’s evidence, the trial judge found that the
Prosecution had made out a case against the appellant which, if left
unrebutted, would warrant his conviction. As such, he called upon the Defence
to present their case.

**Defence’s case**

21 At trial, the appellant put forward several defences. First, the appellant,
while admitting that he had struck the deceased on her head with the hammer,
denied inflicting all the head wounds. Instead, he contended that another
person had entered the flat after he had left and inflicted the wounds (for
reasons unknown). Second, the appellant contended that the Prosecution had
failed to establish beyond a reasonable doubt that he had the necessary _mens
rea_ under s 300. Third, it was argued that the appellant was entitled to be
acquitted as he had inflicted the fatal wounds in the exercise of his right to
private defence. Lastly, the appellant submitted that he fell within the ambit
of Exception 4 of s 300: the sudden fight exception, and thus should only be
convicted of the offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and not
the offence of murder.

22 In support of their case, the Defence called upon the appellant, who was
the only witness for the Defence. The appellant testified that he had, on 9
January 2003, owed more than $11,000 to friends, colleagues and moneylenders.
The due date for the debts was drawing near and he was growing desperate. As
such, his thoughts turned to crime. The appellant had previously seen Ler give
loans of $1,000 on two separate occasions. On each occasion, Ler had taken the
money from his bedroom. Thus, the appellant concluded that there must be money
in the flat and he decided to get hold of that money.

23 On the evening of 8 January 2003, the appellant was not feeling well. He
decided to see a doctor the next day and resolved to get his hands on the
money by whatever means necessary (including robbery), if he managed to obtain
medical leave. On the morning of the fateful day, he left his quarters and
brought with him the various implements that he would use in the robbery.
These included, _inter alia_ , a knife, hammer, spanner, screwdriver, test
pen, strings, shorts, gloves and T-shirt. The appellant testified that he had
brought the knife along to intimidate the deceased and the other metal
implements to break open the locks and force open cupboards.

24 He proceeded to Polycore’s company doctor and successfully obtained medical
leave. He then returned to his office to submit the medical certificate. While
he was at his workplace, he cut and took along some tape which was just long
enough to cover a mouth.

25 The appellant then took a taxi to the flat. He established that Ler’s car
was not in the car park before taking the lift up to the flat. He walked to
the flat and found that the metal gate was locked and the wooden door shut. At
that point, he hesitated and walked back to the staircase landing because he
was not sure whether there was anyone in the flat.

26 The appellant decided to use his handphone to call the flat phone. He
called three times. On his third attempt, the deceased picked up the phone and
said “hello”. The appellant did not answer and switched off his handphone.
Upon realising that there was someone at home, his resolve wavered. However,
he swiftly realised that he had no other options available to him and resolved
to continue with his original plan.

27 When questioned as to how he was going to deal with the deceased, who would
have been able to identify him, he stated that he would tell the deceased not
to report him to the police and instead to tell her husband that someone had
hit her while she was on her way out to buy things.

28 The appellant knocked on the door and when the deceased opened the door, he
pointed into the flat and said in English, “Toilet, toilet”. The deceased
unlocked the gate and opened the door for him to enter. The appellant went to
the toilet in the kitchen where he took out his knife and walked back into the
living room. At that point, the deceased was standing near the main door. The
appellant walked towards her, brandishing the knife and told her in Hokkien,
“Robbery”. He then locked the metal gate and shut the wooden door.

29 The appellant told the deceased that he wanted money. She told him that the
money was kept in two drawers in the wardrobe located in the master bedroom.
The deceased searched for the key to the drawers, but could not find it. She
then picked up her wallet and gave him the money inside her wallet. In the
meantime, the appellant saw a gold Rolex watch lying on the cupboard beside
the bed and took it.

30 The appellant then told the deceased to sit down on the bed and she
complied. She began to remove all the jewellery that she was wearing and
handed them to him. One of the bracelets was difficult to remove and the
appellant forcefully pulled it off her wrist. The appellant then opened his
bag and took out the spanner, screwdriver and test pen and put them on the bed
beside his knife. The bag was left on the floor. He then used the screwdriver
to prise open the drawers.

31 He successfully prised open the first drawer and emptied its contents. He
then started on the second drawer. At that moment, the deceased ran out of the
bedroom. The appellant dropped the screwdriver, grabbed his knife and gave
chase. He caught up with her in the living room. He told her to return to the
bedroom and she complied, returning to the same spot on the bed. The appellant
then remembered the tape and strings that he had brought along to restrain the
victim.

32 He took out the tape and strings, but the strings were all knotted up. He
tried to use his knife to cut the strings. The deceased then told him in
Hokkien “Give you once, then you go”. He turned to look at the victim and saw
that she had pulled down her pants and panties to her ankles. He put down the
knife, walked over and proceeded to have sex with her. He ejaculated into his
hand. He looked around, but could not find any tissue. As such, he took out a
glove from his bag and used it to clean his hand.

33 At this point, the deceased ran out of the bedroom again. The appellant put
down the glove, picked up his knife and gave chase. He caught up with her near
the door frame of the bedroom. He used his left hand to grab her upper right
arm and pointed his knife at her throat. She struggled and his knife cut her
throat. Blood oozed out of the wound and he hurriedly pulled the knife out.
The deceased stopped struggling. He helped her into the bedroom and lay her
across the bed. The deceased then started to move and the appellant climbed
back onto the bed and pressed down her hands. He did so as he was concerned
that she might hit herself against his tools that were on the bed and injure
herself. At that point, he was still holding the knife in his hand.

34 The deceased continued to struggle and in the midst of the struggle, she
managed to get hold of the knife. The appellant was shocked. He jumped off the
bed and retreated a few paces away to the wardrobe. He testified that he was
not thinking of whether she might use the knife on him. The deceased sat up
while holding the knife and glared at the appellant. She did not actually move
forward nor lunge at him. The appellant said that the deceased looked very
fierce, as if she wanted to attack him with the knife. He looked around and
saw a wooden handle protruding from his bag. It was the wooden handle of the
hammer. He reached out and grabbed the wooden handle and used it to hit her on
her head. The deceased fell onto the bed and let go of the knife. She then
rolled across the bed and fell onto the floor.

35 The appellant wrapped up his knife in some newspapers and placed it,
together with the rest of his things, into his bag. He went to the kitchen to
wash his hands. He stated that it did not occur to him to check on how
seriously injured the deceased was. He then unlocked the main door and left
the flat. As he was about to leave the flat, he noticed movements in the
bedroom. He walked back to the doorframe of the bedroom and saw the victim sit
up. He then turned and left the flat without closing or locking the main door
or the iron grille.

36 The appellant took a lift down and boarded a taxi back to his quarters. He
washed the tools used in the robbery and threw away the items that were
subsequently discovered by the police. He called his wife and arranged to meet
her in the evening. In the evening, he met his wife. They had dinner together
and he sent her back to her quarters. He then returned to his quarters where
he was subsequently visited by the SIS officers.

**Decision of the court below**

37 The trial judge rejected the entire gamut of the defences relied upon by
the appellant. He rejected the appellant’s contention that he had only hit the
deceased once or twice on the head with the hammer without intending to kill
her. He further dismissed the Defence’s suggestion that another person could
have entered the flat after the appellant had left and inflicted the fatal
wounds as being unsupported by the evidence. He found that the appellant’s
conduct was consistent with that of a person who believed that he would get
away with his crimes as he had eliminated the only eyewitness. The trial judge
found that there was no reasonable doubt that the appellant had inflicted the
blows with the hammer that had caused the 18 scalp lacerations and skull
fractures which led to the deceased’s death. He found that the appellant had
done so intentionally to silence her.

38 He further rejected the Defence’s contention that the appellant had
inflicted the wounds in exercising the right of private defence. Similarly, he
dismissed the Defence’s reliance on the exception of sudden fight. As such,
the trial judge convicted the appellant on the charge and sentenced him to
suffer death.

**The appeal**

39 In the petition of appeal, the appellant raised three main arguments.
First, he contended that the trial judge had erred in discounting the evidence
showing that other parties could have entered the flat after the appellant had
left. Second, he challenged the trial judge’s finding of _mens rea_. Lastly,
he submitted that the sudden fight exception ought to apply. As such, the
petition of appeal essentially rehashed the arguments raised at the court
below. We would just note that the appellant had given up on the defence of
the right of private defence. In any case, the facts of this case could not
have sustained the defence given the requirements under the principle of
proportionality: _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR 345.

40 Before us, counsel for the appellant indicated that he would not be
pursuing the first argument, conceding that it was not possible to dispute
that the injuries were caused by the appellant. In any event, it was clear to
us that the blows to the deceased’s head were inflicted by the appellant. Even
if we accepted (and we did not) that the evidence showed that an unknown
person had entered the flat, there was completely no evidence that showed that
this unknown person had inflicted any of the wounds or suggested why that
person would have assaulted the deceased. Instead, all the evidence pointed to
the appellant having inflicted the blows: first, the appellant had admitted to
striking the deceased with the hammer; second, the injuries inflicted were
found to be consistent with their being inflicted by the hammer; third, the
hammer was found in the possession of the appellant; and lastly, the blood on
the hammer was found to match that of the deceased.

41 Counsel for the appellant thus turned to the other two remaining arguments.
We would begin with his arguments contesting the trial judge’s finding on the
appellant’s _mens rea_.

_**Mens rea**_

42 The Prosecution had in this case proceeded on both limbs (a) and (c) of s
300. The key difference between these two provisions is one of intention.
Section 300(a) provides that the act by which the death is caused must be done
with the intention of causing death. In contrast, the _mens rea_ required
under s 300(c) is lower in that the intention need only be to cause bodily
injury and that bodily injury so inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death. Section 300(c) thus envisions that the
accused subjectively intends to cause a bodily injury that is objectively
likely to cause death in the ordinary course of nature. There is no necessity
for the accused to have considered whether or not the injury to be inflicted
would have such a result. It is in fact irrelevant whether or not the accused
did intend to cause death, so long as death ensues from the bodily injury or
injuries intentionally caused. This was stated clearly in _Tan Joo Cheng v PP_
[1992] 1 SLR 620 where S Rajendran J delivering the judgment of this court
adopted the judgment of Bose J in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR (45)
1958 Supreme Court 465 at [16] that:

_The question is not whether the prisoner intended to inflict a serious injury
or a trivial one but whether he intended to inflict the injury that is proved
to be present._ If he can show that he did not, or if the totality of the
circumstances justify such an inference, then, of course, the intent that the
section requires is not proved. But if there is nothing beyond the injury and
the fact that the appellant inflicted it, the only possible inference is that
he intended to inflict it. Whether he knew of its seriousness, or intended
serious consequences, is neither here nor there. The question, so far as the
intention is concerned, is not whether he intended to kill, or to inflict an
injury of a particular degree of seriousness, but whether he intended to
inflict the injury in question; and once the existence of the injury is proved
the intention to cause it will be presumed unless the evidence or the
circumstances warrant an opposite conclusion. But whether the intention is
there or not is one of fact and not one of law. _Whether the wound is serious
or otherwise, and if serious, how serious, is a totally separate and distinct
question and has nothing to do with the question whether the prisoner intended
to inflict the injury in question._ [emphasis added]

43 As such, in examining whether s 300(c) has been made out, the court’s
approach to _mens rea_ is only to determine whether the accused had intended
to cause the injury that resulted in the victim’s death. This approach has
been articulated in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ at [12] that:

To put it shortly, the prosecution must prove the following facts before it
can bring a case under s 300 “thirdly”;

First, it must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily injury is present;

Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved. These are purely objective
investigations.

Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended.

Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,

Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made up
of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender.

44 We would gratefully adopt this approach and note that the first and second
requirements are not in dispute here. In any case, they are matters of
objective inquiry which have been established by the prosecution witnesses. We
would further jump ahead and add that the fourth element is similarly also not
in dispute. Instead, the only issue at hand is whether the appellant had
intended to inflict the bodily injury, _ie_ the 18 scalp lacerations and the
underlying fractures to the skull.

45 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the appellant had only intended to
commit robbery. Thus he had no intention to cause any form of injury to the
deceased. Further, he argued that as there were no other eyewitnesses to the
incident, the entire sequence of events was based solely on the appellant’s
testimony and police statements. In all these statements and testimony, the
appellant had continually denied having had any such intention whatsoever of
hurting the deceased. Instead, he had always claimed that the injuries caused
to the deceased arose as a result of the struggle between the deceased and
him. Hence the trial judge had erred in finding that the appellant had the
requisite _mens rea_.

46 We had no hesitation in dismissing counsel’s arguments. From a perusal of
the appellant’s statements and testimony, we noted that the appellant had
stated in all these documents that he had only intended to rob the victim.
Even if we accepted this testimony at face value, this did not then
necessarily mean that the accused could not later have formed the intention to
kill the deceased. This point had previously been made by this court in _Mohd
Sulaiman v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 465, where the accused had broken into a coffee
shop similarly for the purpose of committing theft. He had been surprised by
the victim, the security guard, and in the course of their struggle had
stabbed the victim with a screwdriver. Karthigesu JA, delivering the judgment
of the court, said at 473:

_As for the assertion that the appellant had broken into the coffee-shop only
intending to commit theft therein, we could not see how this in any way
advanced the appellant’s case._ The prosecution has not attempted to argue
that the intention to cause injury to the appellant was conceived at the
moment of breaking into the coffee-shop and indeed it would be absurd for them
to do so. The appellant could hardly have formed an intention of any sort
towards the deceased at the moment of breaking into the coffee-shop, since he
was not even aware at that moment of the deceased’s presence inside. What the
prosecution had to prove was that the deceased’s fatal injuries were caused
intentionally by the appellant and not accidentally; and in our opinion the
learned judge was justified in finding that they had been so proved. [emphasis
added]

48 Indeed, it is not a necessary element of s 300(c) that the act be
premeditated. It is sufficient that the intention was present even if it was
formed instantly or on the spot. In this, we would respectfully adopt the
words of Taylor J in _Ismail bin Hussin v PP_ (1953) 19 MLJ 48 who stated at
49 that:

The most probable explanation is that the accused’s first statement to the
magistrate is wholly true – that he saw a man and fired at once – on impulse –
without any conscious or reasoned thought. _But however suddenly the intention
was formed, the intention was to kill. That amounts to murder._ [emphasis
added]

49 Moving on, it was clear to us that the appellant did possess the intention
to inflict the wounds on the deceased. Of particular significance was Dr Lau’s
testimony in which he stated that the nature, severity and extent of the head
injuries indicated that very considerable force must have been applied to the
head, even after taking into account the fact that the hammer itself was
fairly heavy. Furthermore, the appellant had himself admitted in a police
statement that he “then took a hammer from [his] bag and hit her on the head
because [he] was not sure how much of strength she had left in her. Naturally,
[he] did not wait for her to hit [him] first”.

50 As such, we were of the opinion that the appellant did intend to inflict
the wounds on the deceased as he was seeking to pre-empt the deceased, whom he
claimed was armed with a knife and appeared as if she was about to attack him.
As such, we found that the necessary elements under s 300(c) have been made
out. We now turn to deal with Exception 4 to s 300.

**Exception 4 to s 300**

51 The appellant’s last ground of appeal rested on Exception 4 to s 300 which
reads:

_Exception_ 4.—Culpable homicide is not murder if it is committed without
premeditation in a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel,
and without the offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel or
unusual manner.

_Explanation_.—It is immaterial in such cases which party offers the
provocation or commits the first assault.

52 This exception deals with the defence of sudden fight and it must be
discharged by the Defence on a balance of probabilities. It envisions
situations where, notwithstanding the fact that provocation may have been
given or that a blow may have been struck or for whatever other reasons the
quarrel may have started, the subsequent conduct of both parties implies
mutual provocation and aggression which renders the task of apportioning blame
between the parties impossible and they must thus be placed on equal footing
with respect to blameworthiness.

53 However, sudden fight is only a partial excuse in that the accused is
regarded as being less blameworthy because his judgment was clouded by the
dust of conflict or inflamed by the heat of passion. It does not completely
exculpate him from the consequences of his actions.

54 This court recently had the opportunity in _Tan Chun Seng v PP_ [2003] 2
SLR 506 to examine the operation of the defence of sudden fight. In that case,
we stated at [16] that:

There are three main ingredients which prompt the operation of this defence:

(a) sudden fight, heat of passion, sudden quarrel;

(b) absence of premeditation;

(c) no undue advantage or cruel or unusual acts.

55 Having reviewed the facts and evidence of this appeal, we fully agreed with
the trial judge’s observations that the defence of sudden fight did not apply.
Although we accorded the benefit of doubt to the appellant as far as the issue
of premeditation was concerned, (see _PP v Seow Khoon Kwee_ [1988] SLR 871,
_Chan Kin Choi v PP_ [1991] SLR 34 and _Mohamad Yassin v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR
491), we were of the opinion that the appellant had not satisfied the other
elements of the defence of sudden fight to successfully invoke its aid.

56 It was our opinion that the appellant’s defence failed on two levels.
First, we were unconvinced as to the existence of a sudden fight in the heat
of passion upon a sudden quarrel. The word “fight” is not defined in the Penal
Code. However, the word “fight” is also used in s 159 of the Penal Code which
relates to the offence of affray. It states:

**Affray.**

159\. When two or more persons, by fighting, in a public place, disturb the
public peace, they are said to “commit an affray”.

57 Our High Court had in relation to this provision stated in _Eldon v PP_
[2001] 1 SLR 710 at [49] that:

The gist of the appellant’s case was that he had been the victim of Mr Ng’s
assault and that he had not responded in like manner. I found this suggestion
difficult to accept. A man who is being assaulted would certainly not lie
passively and do nothing in response. To expect a court to believe that this
was the case was unrealistic at best. Indeed, the appellant’s argument was
that he was acting in the exercise of his right of private defence. This
postulated that he had indeed responded to Mr Ng’s assault. _If this was the
case, then it could be said that a “fight” took place and therefore that the
offence of affray was made out. A “fight” has been defined simply as a
“bilateral transaction in which blows are exchanged”_ (_Bhagwan Munjaji Pawade
v State of Maharashtra_ 1978 SCC (Cri) 428). The defence of private defence,
if made out, would defeat the argument that there had been no fight because it
was based upon there being some culpable conduct on the part of an accused
person which was justifiable in the circumstances. [emphasis added]

58 This definition of “fight” must be contrasted to that given in the case of
_Hans Raj Singh v Emperor_ AIR (33) 1946 Lahore 41 where Mohammad Sharif J
took a different position when he stated at 43 that:

No authority was cited to show that in order to apply Exception 4 it is
essential that there should have been blows on each side. A word or a
gesticulation may be as provocative as a blow.

59 The approach taken in _Hans Raj Singh_ is not without support locally. In
_Chan Kin Choi v PP_ [1991] SLR 34, this court held that the defence of sudden
fight applied. The facts there involved the accused meeting the victim, a
moneylender, at a restaurant. Four other persons from the victim’s gang were
also present in the restaurant. The victim got upset after the accused
revealed that he could not pay back his loans and punched the accused’s cheek.
The accused immediately pulled out a knife and stabbed the victim once on the
throat before fleeing. Lai Kew Chai J, delivering the grounds of the court,
stated at 45 that:

The prosecution witnesses from the restaurant confirmed that two or three
members of the gang of the deceased had joined them. _A sudden fight broke out
immediately after the deceased was joined by his gang._ Tables and chairs were
overturned. Glasses were broken. There was no reason to disbelieve the
appellant when he said that it was the deceased who had started the fight. The
absence of any evidence of injury on the appellant was an innocuous fact as
the appellant had stated in his statement that the deceased had only slightly
injured him. _Faced with the danger posed by the gang he stabbed the deceased
only once on the neck._ [emphasis added]

60 From this, it would appear that there was no exchange of blows. At best,
there was a single punch followed by the fatal stabbing. Hence, the court
appeared to have taken into account the surrounding circumstances before the
fatal stabbing: namely the fact that the victim’s gang had moved into the
restaurant and the prevailing tension caused by the offer of violence. This
point had been referred to in Professor Koh Keng Lian’s article “Trends in
Singapore Criminal Law” found in _Review of Judicial and Legal Reforms in
Singapore Between 1990 and 1995_ (Singapore Academy of Law, 1996) where she
commented at 382 that:

On the facts, there does not appear to be a sudden quarrel and sudden fight in
the legal sense. Rather, _it was in anticipation of a fight with the deceased
and his gang_ that the appellant struck the fatal blow on the neck. [emphasis
added]

61 Having considered these cases, it is our opinion that “fight” implies
mutual provocation and blows on each side. It is not sufficient that there is,
in the words of the court in _Jusab Usman v State_ (1983) XXIV Guj LR 1148,
“at least an offer of violence on both sides”. After all, the wording of
Exception 4 states “a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden
quarrel”. We would note that the word fight and quarrel appear side by side in
the provision. As such, this clearly indicates that it must have been the
intention of the Legislature that “fight” must mean something more than just a
mere quarrel.

62 It is further our view that where a person strikes another, then there will
only be a fight if the other hits him back or at the very least prepares
himself to strike back, even if he ultimately does not strike back because of
the lack of opportunity. There cannot be a fight if the victim keeps quiet and
does nothing. That is simply a one-sided attack. Such an attack was
illustrated in _Mohamad Yassin v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 491 where the accused had,
after a quarrel, sharpened a toothbrush and waited for the victim and stalked
him to a staircase, where he attacked the victim from behind and by surprise.
Such a sneak attack cannot be regarded as a fight regardless of what position
one takes on the meaning of fight. The position may however be different, if
the victim had managed to retaliate.

63 In the instant appeal, the appellant had struck the deceased on the head
with the hammer. In our opinion, it is doubtful that this attack can be
regarded as a fight. While the attack had supposedly arisen after the victim
had grabbed the knife, we would note that there was no evidence that there was
an exchange of blows. The case of _Chan Kin Choi_ is easily distinguishable
from the present appeal as it was not in dispute that the victim had punched
the accused there.

64 In any event, even if we did characterise the brief struggle as a fight,
there is nothing to show that the blow fell in a sudden fight in the heat of
passion upon a sudden quarrel. This is crucial because the operation of the
exception requires that there must be a killing whilst both parties are
gripped by the inflammation of passions caused by a sudden quarrel. The
appellant had gone to the deceased flat to rob her. She had already tried to
escape twice. It was clear that the deceased was not co-operating fully. It
cannot be said that this sequence of events constituted a sudden quarrel.
There may well have been a quarrel, but it certainly could not be said to have
been sudden. Thus, we are unable to hold that the blow was struck in the heat
of passion upon a sudden fight.

65 Secondly and more importantly, it could not be said that the appellant had
met the third requirement of “without the offender having taken undue
advantage or acted in a cruel or unusual manner”. We turn first to the issue
of “cruel or unusual manner”.

66 It is not possible to articulate any hard and fast rule as to what
constitutes a “cruel or unusual manner”. Instead, the court has to examine the
individual factual matrix in coming to its decision. Further, the penumbra of
uncertainty in the evidence before the court, as in this appeal where the
appellant is the only eyewitness to the incident, means that any definitive
principles, even if they existed, cannot be applied with mathematical
exactitude.

67 In this appeal, the appellant had struck the deceased many times on her
head using a fairly hefty hammer so as to cause 18 lacerations and several
underlying fractures. In our view, this was _prima facie_ an indication that
the appellant had acted in a cruel or unusual manner. However, we noted that
this court had previously in _Soosay v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 272 allowed the
application of the defence despite the fact that the accused had inflicted
several stab wounds. We were of the opinion that the case of _Soosay_ offers
the appellant little assistance. The factual scenario there involved the
accused confronting the victim over drinks regarding a missing gold chain and
money. The victim pulled out a knife and made threatening motions. The accused
kicked the victim in the stomach, whereupon the victim fell and dropped the
knife. The accused picked up the knife and the victim charged at him. The
accused had then stabbed the victim. Notwithstanding that, the victim
continued to rush towards the accused, getting stabbed repeatedly before the
accused managed to escape. The key distinction here is that the victim was
completely undeterred not only by the knife, but by the first and subsequent
stabbing. This point was highlighted (at 280) by Karthigesu J, as he then was,
when he delivered the judgment of the court that:

In our judgment the learned trial judge has overlooked a vital aspect of the
evidence which was uncontroverted at the trial and that is that Lim kept
coming at Soosay each time he was repulsed and Soosay was unable to disengage
himself from the fight which in fact was started by Lim drawing the knife from
his handbag and threateningly pointing it at Kuppiah. Further in our judgment
it cannot be said that Soosay had taken “undue advantage” or acted in a “cruel
or unusual manner” as the injuries he inflicted on Lim were inflicted while he
was involved in a fight with Lim during which Lim could well have taken hold
of the fallen knife before Soosay did or even wrested it from him in which
case judging from Lim’s temperament shown earlier he would have used it on
both Soosay and Kuppiah with devastating effect; furthermore the tenacity with
which Lim kept charging at Soosay gave Soosay little chance to disengage
himself from the fight, which he ultimately achieved in a momentary lull in
the fight.

68 This distinction was similarly emphasised in _Roshdi v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR
282, a case in which the court again allowed the application of Exception 4
despite the fact that the accused had delivered multiple blows with a heavy
mortar. Karthigesu JA, delivering the grounds of the court, noted at 293 that:

The impression we get from a reading of the appellant’s evidence is that the
assault on him was relentless and he was fearful for his life, of being
strangled and shot as well. We see no reason for not accepting the appellant’s
evidence of the sequence of events as narrated by him. In the absence of other
evidence, it is not so incredible to be rendered unworthy of credit.

69 In this appeal, Dr Lau’s testimony stated that the “generally low
disposition of the blood splatter” suggested “that most of these blows would
probably have been inflicted with the deceased either lying upon the floor or,
perhaps, in a stooping position”. This clearly indicated to our minds that the
appellant was obviously not in a situation where he was pressed or put under
relentless pressure. Instead, it pointed to the clear conclusion that the
appellant had attacked the deceased even after she had collapsed to the
ground, when she was clearly of no threat or danger to him. This to our minds
clearly indicated that the appellant had acted not only cruelly and unusually,
but also vindictively and murderously. In coming to this conclusion, we were
guided by our earlier decision in _Chandran v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 265 where a key
consideration in finding that the defence did not apply was the fact that
“[t]he deceased was attacked, even after he was staggering following the first
blow from the third appellant”.

70 This would be sufficient to deal with the requirement of “without the
offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel or unusual manner”.
However, for the sake of completeness, we would just address the point on
undue advantage.

71 The phrase “undue advantage” had been previously defined by the Privy
Council on appeal from Singapore in _Mohamed Kunjo v PP_ [1975–1977] SLR 75 as
meaning unfair advantage. Applied to this appeal, we would note that the
appellant had used a hammer to hit the deceased. However, the question of
unfair advantage cannot be determined solely by any single factor. Instead,
all the facts of the case must be taken into consideration especially those
attributes unique to the other party in the fight, _ie_ his physique, age,
ability, aggression, _etc_.

72 This is nothing new. Our courts have in many previous decisions adopted
this approach. For example, in _PP v Seow Khoon Kwee_ [1988] SLR 871 at 882, L
P Thean J, as he then was, noted:

… that the deceased was of a bigger size and was stronger than [the accused];
_that [the accused] knew that the deceased had beaten up other prisoners on
previous occasions_ ; [and thus the accused] therefore prepared the piece of
glass for his own protection. [emphasis added]

73 Similarly, this point was made in the first instance unreported decision of
_PP v Arun Prakash Vaithilingam_ [2002] SGHC 295, which was subsequently
affirmed by the Court of Appeal. Choo Han Teck JC, as he then was, stated at
[17]:

Finally, we must ask whether Arun had taken an unfair advantage over Lenin?
There are many forms of uneven fights. A man who is 1.6m tall pitted against a
man who is 1.9m tall is ostensibly disadvantaged, but we ought to ignore
advantages of nature in a contemplation of Exception 4 especially when the
smaller man picks on the larger one. _Matters may be complicated where, say
the bigger man is professionally trained in unarmed combat, or even where it
is the smaller man who is so trained._ These aspects are interesting and might
be relevant in the appropriate case, but not in the present one. [emphasis
added]

74 It must however be noted that in most of the cases where the defence of
sudden fight was allowed, even though the accused was armed, the victim was
larger or stronger than the accused. In that sense, the accused can be
regarded as fighting an uneven battle. At this juncture, we would return to
the case of _Tan Chun Seng_ ([54] _supra_) where this court held that the
defence of sudden fight applied. There, the accused had confronted the victim
after his car window had been hit by the victim’s companion. The accused
shouted vulgarities at the victim and the victim had then pushed the accused
onto the floor. After the accused fell, he spotted a wooden pole lying on the
floor, picked it up and struck the victim on his head and back, continuing his
assault even after the victim had fallen to the ground.

75 In holding that the defence of sudden fight applied, this court noted that
the accused was of a much smaller size and build than the victim and thus held
that there had been no undue advantage taken by the accused. In contrast, the
deceased in this appeal was a petite lady who was smaller and weaker than the
appellant. However, we do not think that this alone necessarily resolves the
issue of whether there has been undue advantage here. In our opinion, _Tan
Chun Seng_ is distinguishable on the facts of this appeal as the parties in
this appeal were _both_ armed (the deceased wielding a knife). In such
circumstances, where both parties are armed, the weightage to be placed on
considerations of physical strength and size must be lessened. We would also
add that the court in _Tan Chun Seng_ did not apparently treat the issue of
cruel or unusual behaviour as being distinct from that of undue advantage. For
these reasons, we would confine the application of _Tan Chun Seng_ to its
particular facts.

76 As such, we are of the view that it cannot be said that the fact that the
appellant had used a hammer to assault the deceased meant that he had taken
undue advantage. However, this does not assist the appellant as we had, for
the earlier mentioned reasons, come to the opposite conclusion on the issue of
whether he had acted in a cruel or unusual manner.

**Conclusion**

77 At the end of the day, the benefit of doubt that an accused is entitled to
is that of reasonable doubt. It is not the doubt of a vacillating mind who
remains seated on the fence. There was no reasonable doubt to our minds that
the appellant had quite deliberately caused the injuries which were sufficient
in the ordinary course of nature to cause the death of the deceased, and that
the defence of sudden fight was not available to him. As such, we dismissed
the appeal and affirmed the sentence of death passed.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

