Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chong Ken Ban (alias Chong Johnson) and Another v Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 1395  
[2004] SGHC 110

Case Number | : | OM 21/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer Merchant and Brian Tan (Madhavan Partnership) for appellants; Michael Chong Kuan Keong (Chong Chia and Lim LLC) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Chong Ken Ban (alias Chong Johnson); Masami Iwase — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1395   
  
Land – Strata titles – By-laws – Definition of "balcony" – First Schedule by-
law 13 Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Land – Strata titles – Strata titles board – Whether Board had jurisdiction to
hear application – Sections 103(1), 41(14) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Rev Ed)  
  

28 May 2004

Lai Kew Chai J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings concern the regulation of the external appearance of a
unit in relation to other units within a condominium. In this motion, the
appellants, owners of a strata apartment in a condominium, applied for an
order from the High Court that the orders of the strata titles board (“the
Board”) in Strata Titles Board No 49 of 2002 be set aside. The appellants had
erected glass panels covering a space, described as a “terrace” in the
building plans of their apartment known as 2 Ardmore Park, #08-01, Habitat II,
Singapore 259947 (“the apartment”), without the permission of the respondent,
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1395 (“the Management
Corporation”). The Board ordered the appellants, at their own costs, to remove
all unauthorised structures on what was regarded as the balcony of their unit
and reinstate the balcony to its original condition. The appellants were
further ordered to pay costs of $4,000 to the Management Corporation.

2 Two issues were raised. Both of them were raised, not by the parties, but by
the Board in the course of the proceedings below. Firstly, does the Board have
jurisdiction to entertain the application of the Management Corporation for
the reliefs? Secondly, is the terrace a “balcony” within the meaning of by-law
13 in the First Schedule of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) which provides that a subsidiary proprietor of a unit within a
condominium “shall not make any alterations or additions to any balcony of his
lot without the written approval of the management corporation”?

3 At the conclusion of the hearing of the originating motion to set aside the
orders of the Board, I dismissed it with costs. I now give my reasons.

The facts

4 The appellants were at all material times the proprietors of the apartment
and the Management Corporation was constituted by law on 12 August 1987 to
manage the condominium.

5 The apartment comprises two levels. The area in question is on the lower
level, where the living and dining areas are located. It is described as a
“terrace” in the plans. It is enclosed on three sides and open only on one
side, through which one could look out of the apartment to the swimming pool.
The opening can be seen externally. It does not protrude.

6 In March 2002 the appellants engaged contractors who commenced renovation
works at the apartment. The Management Corporation wrote to the appellants
informing them that the erection of structures on the balcony were not
approved by the Management Corporation and the appellants were asked to remove
the supporting frames on the wall and to restore the balcony to its original
condition. The appellants applied for approval but they were unsuccessful.
They proceeded to build the full height glass panels.

7 The former solicitors of the appellants initially put at the forefront of
their arguments the fact that other subsidiary proprietors had erected
structures on their terrace and that the external façade of the condominium
had changed and was not uniform in appearance. It was a fact, as the
Management Corporation had pointed out to the appellants, that the Management
Corporation did not approve any installation of structures on what they
contended were the balconies. Those facts by themselves did not justify the
appellants installing the glass panels.

8 The Management Corporation made an application to the Board under s 103 of
the Act to order that the appellants remove at their own costs the
unauthorised structures on the balcony of their apartment and to reinstate the
balcony to its original condition. They relied on s 103(1) of the Act, the
relevant parts of which read as follows:

Subject to subsections (4), (6) and (7) [which are not relevant for present
purposes], a Board may, pursuant to an application by a management
corporation, … make an order for … the rectification of a complaint, with
respect to —

(a) …

(b) …

(c) the exercise or performance of, or the failure to exercise or perform, a …
duty … imposed by … the by-laws relating to the subdivided building.

9 Section 103 of the Act, as amended by Act No 21 of 1999, evolved into its
present purport by, first, the establishment of strata titles boards and later
the expansion of the powers of those boards. The evolution may be described
within a brief compass. As at 9 July 1987, based on the records at the
Registry of Titles, there were more than 2,000 management corporations in
Singapore in charge of 54,000 strata units: see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ , vol 49, 1987, col 1412–1413. It became necessary to establish
strata titles boards to adjudicate and resolve disputes between, amongst
others, management corporations and subsidiary proprietors. Professor S
Jayakumar, then Second Minister for Law, stated in Parliament that strata
titles boards had to be established to adjudicate and resolve the disputes
because, amongst other reasons, the Government “should not overload our courts
with such disputes”. After the establishment of strata titles boards, it
further became necessary in 1998 to expand their jurisdiction and confer on
them “powers relating to the exercise or failure to exercise a power,
authority, duty or function imposed by the Act or by the by-laws”. Associate
Professor Ho Peng Kee, then Minister of State, Ministry of Law and Ministry of
Home Affairs, at the Second Reading of the Bill which led to the promulgation
of Act No 21 of 1999, and which amended s 103 of the Act with effect from 11
October 1999, gave Parliament an example and also mentioned the state of the
relevant applicable law at that point in time. He said:

For example, it [the strata title board] will be empowered to hear and settle
disputes arising from a breach or failure to perform any statutory duty or by-
laws relating to a strata development. Currently, a subsidiary proprietor or
Management Corporation must apply to court to enforce the performance or
restrain the breach. [see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 69, 1998,
col 606]

The appeal

Jurisdiction

10 Counsel for the appellants submitted that the Board had erred in law in
ruling that it had jurisdiction to hear the application under s 103(1)(c) of
the Act. The application was for an order to enforce the performance of or
restrain the breach of by-law 13, which is clearly and directly within the
express ambit of s 41(14) of the Act. The subsection provides as follows:

The management corporation or the subsidiary proprietor, mortgagee in
possession, lessee or occupier of a lot shall be entitled to apply to the
court —

(a) for an order to enforce the performance of or restrain the breach of any
by-law by; or

(b) to recover damages for any loss or injury to person or property arising
out of the breach of any by-law from,

any person bound to comply therewith, the management corporation or the
managing agent.

11 I disagreed and was of the view that the Board was correct in ruling that
it had concurrent jurisdiction. The Board, quite properly, in my view, adopted
a purposive interpretation. That was entirely consistent with the intention
behind the 1999 amendments of s 103 of the Act. In the context of subsidiary
proprietors’ compliance of by-laws governing a condominium, it seemed to me
that these matters were more appropriately dealt with by a specialised
tribunal. Such tribunals over time would have gathered a uniform approach in
resolving what in condominium living must be more or less similar problems,
both in nature and in extent.

12 Counsel for the appellants in further support of his submission made the
following additional points. He argued that conferring a jurisdiction to
settle disputes between management corporations and subsidiary proprietors
regarding the exercise or failure to exercise any power, authority, duty or
function imposed by the Act was entirely “dissimilar from saying that the
[strata titles board] had powers to restrain a breach of a by-law”, which was
precisely the situation dealt with by s 41(14). In my view, the only
difference is that s 103 is couched in wider terms and, to the extent that it
includes the particular situation such as s 41(14), it clearly is more
extensive than the latter. On the question of jurisdiction in the light of the
facts in this case, there was, in my view, no difference at all in the
distinction that was sought to be drawn. The words in s 103 are apt to confer
the jurisdiction on the Board to adjudicate upon a matter and make the
necessary orders where a breach of the by-law is made out.

13 The other point made by counsel for the appellants in his oral submissions
was that under s 41(14)(a) of the Act, only a court could issue a mandatory
injunction. The short answer is that the terms of the provisions did not
support his argument. I could find no words in that paragraph which expressly
conferred exclusive jurisdiction in the courts of our legal system. On the
contrary, s 103(1) expressly empowers the strata titles board to “make an
order for … the rectification of a complaint, with respect to … the failure to
… perform, a … duty … imposed by … the by-laws relating to the subdivided
building”.

Is the space a “balcony”?

14 The Board ruled that a balcony could be a space in a strata unit with a
single opening “along the plane of the external wall” which did not protrude
beyond the external wall: see para 49 of its grounds of decision. The Board
had before it the evidence of the expert of the Management Corporation, Mr Goh
Peng Thong, an architect. He had drawn sketches of the designs of modern
balconies. He drew a design of a balcony with three sides open. In the third
sketch, found in vol 3 of the Record of Appeal at p 219, he drew a balcony
which had one side open to the exterior and which did not project beyond the
external wall. That sketch represented the “terrace” of the appellants’ unit.
This sketch was unchallenged by the appellants in cross-examination.

15 What influenced the Board was the effect of the space in question on the
external appearance of the subdivided building. At the end of para 49 of its
grounds of decisions it stated thus:

More importantly, if the enclosing of such an opening in a balcony of a modern
day design does affect the external appearance of the building, then it must
have been intended by the provisions of by-law 13 that such modern day balcony
must be caught by it.

16 In arguments before the Board, the appellants relied on the definition of a
“balcony” under the Building Control Regulations (Cap 29, Rg 1, 2000 Rev Ed)
which described it as projecting beyond the “outer face of an external wall”.
The opinion of their expert witness was also based on that definition. I
agreed with the Board that the definition was for the purposes of building
control department and was not exhaustive. The Urban Redevelopment Authority
(“URA”) had also expressed the view that the space in question was a
“balcony”. On the other hand, the appellants referred to a URA earlier
circular dated 26 June 2001 which indicated that a balcony must be open on at
least two sides. The latter view was made, however, to encourage the provision
of balconies that were “conducive for sky-rise gardening”. Therefore, that
definition must be confined to its context.

17 Equally, the definition of what is a “balcony” of a unit within a
subdivided building regulated by the Act must be contextualised and, against
this background, the Board was perfectly entitled to give due regard to some
semblance of order and good taste in the external appearances of subdivided
buildings. It is true that an owner of a unit is entitled to furnish his
property in any way he deems aesthetic, which is all very subjective, but it
is also equally valid that communitarian living within a condominium entails
consideration of order and good taste for the common good. The Board was well
suited to make the judgment, giving due regard to the majority views of each
management corporation. Its finding that the space was a balcony within the
meaning of by-law 13 must therefore be accorded the respect it deserved.

Appeal dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

