Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhang Xiao Ling (personal representative of the Estate of Chan Tak Man,
deceased) v Er Swee Poo and Another  
[2004] SGHC 21

Case Number | : | Suit 1052/2000, NA 86/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Amy Tung Chew Ming AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew J Hanam (PK Wong and Advani) for plaintiff; Abdul Salim A Ibrahim (Assomull and Partners) for co-defendant   
Parties | : |  Zhang Xiao Ling (personal representative of the Estate of Chan Tak Man, deceased) — Er Swee Poo; NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd   
  
The deceased (32 years of age) was killed when a lorry driven by the defendant
collided into him while he was cycling along Corporation Road on a bicycle on
1 March 2000. His widow commenced a dependency claim against the defendant on
behalf of herself and her 4 children. On 27 March 2001, judgment in default of
appearance was entered against the defendant, ordering him to pay the
plaintiff, _inter alia,_ damages for loss of support to be assessed and
special damages.

2 At the first assessment hearing, damages were awarded to the plaintiff in
default of appearance by the defendant. NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd
subsequently took out an application to set aside the award of damages and for
leave to be joined as co-defendants in the proceedings and take out fresh
directions for assessment of damages. An order-in-terms was granted in respect
of that application, and the second assessment of damages came before me.

3 During the hearing, counsel for plaintiff applied orally for an amendment to
the statement of claim to include a prayer for damages for bereavement and
funeral expenses, which had been inadvertently left out by the previous set of
solicitors. Counsel for the co-defendants had no objections and I granted the
application, with directions that the amended statement of claim be filed and
served by the next working day.

4 After hearing all the evidence from the plaintiff and the co-defendants, I
made an award totalling **_$ 332,942_**. I now give my reasons for the award.

**_Bereavement_**

5 The amount of **_$10,000_** as provided by the Civil Law Act was awarded to
the plaintiff.

**_Funeral expenses_**

6 The amount, as agreed between the parties, was **_$5,000._**

**_Special damages_**

7 I awarded the amount of **_$230_** for the police reports, damage reports
and ROV search fees, as particularised in the amended statement of claim.

**_Loss of Dependency_**

8 In _Gul Chandiram Mahtani v Chain Singh_ [1999] 1 SLR 154, S Rajendran J
stated, in dealing with a claim for loss of dependency, that:

It seems to me that the simplest and most appropriate way of assessing the
‘reasonable expectation of pecuniary benefit’ suffered by a dependent is to
make a direct assessment of the value of that expectation.

9 Indeed, where there is evidence of the actual or reasonable estimates of how
much the deceased was providing for each of his dependants every month, the
preferred method of assessment for the court is clearly to take those figures
as a starting point.

10 During cross-examination, the plaintiff gave estimates of the living
expenses which the deceased had provided for herself and each of her 4
children; $500 for herself, $500 for her eldest child who had entered
secondary school, $300 for the second child and $250 and $200 for the third
and fourth child respectively. Nevertheless, she clarified subsequently that
she was unsure of the individual amounts but that the total sum of $1,750 was
expended on the whole family every month. The figures which she put forward
were not supported by documentary evidence. In addition, from the plaintiff’s
affidavit and testimony in court, I found that she had an unrealistic view of
how much the deceased had been earning. In her affidavit, she stated that the
deceased’s total income was $3,265 a month at the time of his death. This was,
however, contrary to the figures reflected in his payslips which were
exhibited.

11 In the circumstances, I found that in order to arrive at the correct
multiplicand, I would have to work backwards, using the deceased’s earnings as
the starting point.

12 The deceased had been working at Primary Industries Pte Ltd (Primary
Industries) as a butcher from November 1998. His basic salary was $850 a
month. However, he was also paid allowances, reimbursements for food and
drinks and for overtime work.

13 He took on another job with Eng Heng Noodle Factory Pte Ltd (Eng Heng) as a
noodle-maker in May 1999 and had been holding two jobs till his untimely
demise in March 2000. His gross monthly salary at Eng Heng was $1,200.

14 The plaintiff called as witnesses Ms Nancy Tan (“NT”), the Admin/Accounts
Manager at Eng Heng and Mr Tan Peng Chiok (“TPC”), the Senior Human Resource
Manager at Primary Industries. It transpired during the hearing that TPC had
no knowledge of the deceased’s second job. He gave evidence that his company
did not condone moonlighting and that the deceased could have his services
terminated if he continued to hold two jobs. Both TPC and NT gave evidence
that the deceased was a full-time employee at their respective companies at
the time of his death. I will deal with this aspect of the evidence
subsequently.

**_The multiplicand_**

15 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the deceased earned an average of
$1,110 a month, excluding overtime pay, at Primary Industries. He arrived at
this figure by adding the basic pay of $850, night allowance of $87, night
attendance incentive allowance of $86 and an estimated amount of $77 for
reimbursement of food and drinks. There was evidence that in the last twelve
months prior to the deceased’s death, he had worked overtime in four months as
follows :

_Month_ _Amount_

Mar 99 $ 288.87

Nov 99 $ 309.29

Jan 00 $ 626.45

Feb 00 _$ 486.10_

$1,710.71

16 This worked out to be an average overtime pay of $142.60 per month. The
average monthly salary at Primary Industries was thus $1,242.60.

17 Counsel for the co-defendants objected to the calculation of average
overtime pay by using the figures in the last twelve months prior to the death
of the deceased. He submitted that the correct time period to consider was the
calendar year of 1999 since TPC gave evidence that there was usually more
overtime work at the end of the year. I failed to see any merit in the
argument, and accordingly I accepted that the deceased’s average monthly
salary, including overtime pay was $1,242.60. The deceased’s total earnings
from his two jobs would therefore be $2,442.60.

18 Counsel for the co-defendants submitted that the court should not disregard
the high probability that the deceased’s services with Primary Industries
might be terminated, had he not met with the accident. If his services were
terminated, his earnings at Eng Heng Noodle would be his _only_ source of
income. I was unable to accept this contention. While I acknowledged that
there was a probability that the deceased might be dismissed from his job at
Primary Industries, I was of the view that the deceased would, in most
likelihood, have obtained another job. First, the plaintiff had emphasised
over and over again that there was no choice but for the deceased to take on
two jobs. The family had moved over to Singapore in 1997 and there were four
children to feed. The deceased also had to send allowances to his parents in
Hong Kong. In the circumstances, I found that the deceased would have likely
taken on another job. This view was reinforced by the evidence on the
deceased’s character. According to the plaintiff, he was a very frugal man who
spent very little on himself. He rode to work and back on a bicycle, ate at
home, brought meals from home to work and did not drink alcohol, smoke or go
out often. The impression created by the evidence was that the deceased was a
very family-oriented man who would want to provide the best for his family.
Secondly, I was of the view that the nature of the deceased’s jobs, which
required low-level skills, allowed him mobility in the job market. This was
confirmed by the evidence of the plaintiff that when the family first arrived
in Singapore, the deceased kept changing his jobs whenever there were
opportunities to get better pay. Lastly, there was no evidence that the
deceased could not hold down two jobs effectively. There were no adverse
reports against his performance at either Primary Industries or Eng Heng. NT
had described the deceased as a good and hard-working employee who was a fast
learner and kept the machines clean and tidy. Due to the foregoing reasons, I
did not accept the submission of counsel for the co-defendants to exclude the
deceased’s earnings at Primary Industries in the calculation of the
multiplicand.

19 Counsel for the plaintiff had meticulously tabulated the amount of earnings
which the deceased would have received based on a projected increment of 5%
every year. Counsel for the co-defendants disagreed with his method of
computation and argued that the method created speculation and assumed that
the deceased would be receiving a 5% increase every year regardless of
economic situations or any other exigencies. I must say that there was much
force in that argument. NT gave evidence that in her company, there would be a
minimum increment of $100 every year and had it not been for the accident, the
deceased would have been employed indefinitely as he was a good and hard-
working employee. However, she also admitted that the company was 10 years old
only and that questions in relation to earnings and increments would vary over
time depending on the performance of the company and the economic situation.
TPC testified that the increments at Primary Industries would have been at 2 –
3 %. However, there was a wage freeze across the board at the company for the
last couple of years. In view of the evidence, I found it difficult to say
that the deceased would have received a 5% increase in his earnings every
year. In the circumstances, I rejected the computation by counsel for the
plaintiff.

20 In my view, taking into account any likelihood of increments, deductions
for taxes and vicissitudes of life, $2,850 would be a fair and reasonable
figure to represent the deceased’s average earnings per month over the years,
had he not met with the accident. His disposable income would therefore be
$2280 per month, after deductions for his share of the CPF contributions.

21 I accepted that the deceased was a very frugal man who spent very little on
himself. I therefore did not agree with the co-defendant’s submission of an
apportionment of one-third as the deceased’s own expenses. Instead, I would
deduct 25% for the deceased’s own expenses, which was reflective of the life
that he had led. The plaintiff had also given evidence that the deceased sent
$200-$300 every month to his parents in Hong Kong. Therefore, setting aside
$250 for his parents and 25% for himself, this would leave $1460 for the
plaintiff and their four children. Of this amount, I apportion this as to:

(a) 40 % for the plaintiff - $ 584

(b) 15% for each of the children - $ 219

22 In coming to the above figures, I did not give a discount for the fact that
the plaintiff was also working and earning about $700 a month as a part-time
cook at a Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet. The plaintiff gave evidence that her
parents are staying with her family. She gives them about $300 every month for
their personal use. In addition, she pays for their living expenses. In my
view, whatever she has left from her salary as expenses for herself and her
children is negligible.

**_The multiplier for the plaintiff_**

23 The deceased was 32 years old at the date of the accident. I was of the
view that a multiplier of 14 years for the plaintiff for pre-trial and post-
trial damages and also for the multiplier for the loss of CPF contribution was
fair. In coming to this multiplier, I had considered the case of _Lim Fook Lau
& Anor v Kepdrill International Incorporated SA & Ors_ [1993] 1 SLR 917, which
counsel for the plaintiff had taken great pains to emphasise. However, I was
not inclined to follow that case and determine the multiplier at 16. In that
case, the deceased was a private medical practitioner and 30 years old at the
date of the accident. The court found that there was no compulsory retirement
age for private medical practitioners and provided that she was in good
health, she could probably have worked till her _late_ 60s. The circumstances
of this present case were not similar as to justify a multiplier of 16.

**_Loss of dependency for the plaintiff_**

24 Therefore, the loss of dependency for the plaintiff, based on the
multiplicand of $ 584 and a multiplier of 14 was as follows:

Pre-trial : $ 584 x 12 x 3.75 = **_$ 26,280_**

Post-trial : $ 584 x 12 x 10.25 = **_$ 71,832_**

Total : **_$ 98,112_**

**_The multiplier for the children_**

25 At the time of the assessment, the children were aged as follows :

Chan Tin Mun - 13 years 4.5 months

Chan Tin Sum - 9 years 3 months

Chan Lue Min - 7 years 2.5 months

Chan Ze He - 4 years 5.5 months

26 After considering the authorities cited and the circumstances of the
present case, I was of the view that the multipliers for pre-trial and post-
trial damages for each of the children (from the eldest to the youngest)
should be 9, 11, 12 and 14 respectively.

Names |  **Pre-trial multiplier** |  **Post-trial multiplier** |  **Total (yrs)**  
---|---|---|---  
Chan Tin Mun |  3.75 |  5.25 |  9  
Chan Tin Sum |  3.75 |  7.25 |  11  
Chan Lue Min |  3.75 |  8.25 |  12  
Chan Ze He |  3.75 |  10.25 |  14  
  
**_Loss of dependency for the children_**

27 The loss of dependency for each child, based on the multiplicand of $ 219
and their respective multipliers, was as follows : -

Chan Tin Mun:

> Pre-trial : $219 x 12 x 3.75 = **_$ 9,855_**
>
> Post-trial : $219 x 12 x 5.25 = **_$ 13,797_**

Chan Tin Sum:

> Pre-trial : $219 x 12 x 3.75 = **_$ 9,855_**
>
> Post-trial : $219 x 12 x 7.25 = **_$ 19,053_**

Chan Lue Min :

> Pre-trial : $219 x 12 x 3.75 = **_$ 9,855_**
>
> Post-trial : $219 x 12 x 8.25 = **_$ 21,681_**

Chan Ze He

> Pre-trial : $219 x 12 x 3.75 = **_$ 9,855_**
>
> Post-trial : $219 x 12 x 10.25 = **_$ 26,937_**

Total = **_$ 120,888_**

**_Further loss of dependency – the adjustments_**

28 Like the court in _Guo Xinhua v Lee Chin Ngee & Anor_ (S 159/2000; RA
87/2001 & 91/2001), __ I accepted that when the dependency for one child
stopped, the amount attributable to that child would be used for the benefit
of the plaintiff, the other children and the deceased himself. I apportioned
25% to the deceased, whom I believed to be a family-oriented man who spent
very little on himself. As such, the award which I gave for such adjustments
was as follows :

Amount attributable to the 1st child = $219 x 12 x 5 = $ 13,140

Amount attributable to the 2nd child = $219 x 12 x 3 = $ 7,884

Amount attributable to the 3rd  child = $219 x 12 x 2 = $ 5,256

Amount attributable to the 4th child = $ 0

Total amount (which would be used for the benefit of the plaintiff, the
deceased and the other children when the dependency of each child stopped)  
= $ 26,280

Loss of dependency for the plaintiff and the children = 75% x $26,280

= **_$ 19,710_**

**_Loss of CPF contributions_**

29 Based on 20% employee’s contribution and 13% employer’s contribution, the
multiplicand for loss of CPF contributions would be $2,850 x 33% = $940.50

30 This amount should be apportioned between the deceased and the plaintiff
equally i.e. $470.25 to the plaintiff.

Loss of CPF contributions to the plaintiff :

$470.25 x 12 x 14 = **_$ 79,002_**

31 In _Gul Chandiram Mahtani v Chain Singh_ [1999] 1 SLR 154, Rajendran J
stated that :

It is accepted law that the ‘lost’ CPF moneys of the deceased may, in
appropriate case, form part of the dependency claim….The question that has to
be asked is whether it can be said that the daughter, at the time the deceased
would have withdrawn the CPF moneys, would have a reasonable expectation of
benefitting from these funds.

32 Rajendran J distinguished the position of a wife or parents from that of a
child. He was of the view that a child may not be in a position to expect that
the CPF funds would be used for his or her benefit. By the time the parent
withdraws the CPF moneys, the child may have grown up and be self-supporting.
In fact, the stage may have come when it is the child that is supporting the
parents.

33 In the present case, I noted that by the time the deceased was allowed to
withdraw his CPF moneys (at age 55), his children would be in their twenties
and thirties. In my opinion, it was highly unlikely that the children would be
still financially dependent on the deceased at the time the CPF moneys were to
be withdrawn. As such, I found that the children did not have a reasonable
expectation of benefitting from the CPF funds and accordingly, I did not award
them loss of CPF contributions.

**_Interest_**

34 I awarded interest on all special damages, including the pre-trial loss of
dependency at the rate of 3% per annum from the date of accident to the date
of trial.

35 The usual consequential orders will apply. I will hear the parties on
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

