Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Phua Song Hua v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 33

Case Number | : | MA 117/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (M Ravi and Co) for appellant; Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Phua Song Hua — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Public tranquillity – Rioting – Whether ingredients
of offence fulfilled – s 146 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Sentencing principles for
offence under s 147 of Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Cross-examination on charge
pleaded guilty to – Whether material inconsistencies present  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Identification evidence – Whether appellant wrongly
identified – Application of Turnbull guidelines  
  

24 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant (“Phua”) was convicted in the district court by District Judge
Teo Weng Kuan of two charges of rioting punishable under s 147 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). He was sentenced to a total of 18 months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. Phua appealed against his
conviction and sentence. I dismissed both appeals and now set out my grounds.

**Background**

2 Phua claimed trial to the following two charges:

You, Phua Song Hua, are charged that you on the 18th day of April 2002 at or
about 2.45 am, along Mohammad Sultan Road, Singapore, together with Bai Jinda
Roy’ston, Leong Heen Meng, Oh Shifa and 4-5 unknown male persons, were members
of an unlawful assembly, whose common object was to cause hurt to the said Lim
Eu Zhi and in the prosecution of such common object of the said assembly, did
cause hurt to the said Lim Eu Zhi, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 147 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

You, Phua Song Hua, are charged that that you on the 18th day of April 2002 at
or about 2.56 am, along Mohammad Sultan Road off River Valley Road, Singapore,
together with Bai Jinda Roy’ston, Leong Heen Meng, Oh Shifa and 2 unknown male
persons, were members of an unlawful assembly, whose common object was to
cause hurt to the said Lim Eu Zhi and Goi Wee Shien and in the prosecution of
such common object of the said assembly, did cause hurt to the said Lim Eu Zhi
and Goi Wee Shien, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 147 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 The four other persons named in the charges – Oh Shifa (“Oh”), Bai Jinda
(“Bai”), Tan Choon Say (“Tan”) and Leong Heen Meng (“Leong”) – had pleaded
guilty to reduced charges of unlawful assembly under s 143 of the Penal Code.
They were called as defence witnesses at Phua’s trial.

**_The Prosecution’s case_**

4 The two victims, Lim Eu Zhi (“Lim”) and Goi Wee Shien (“Goi”), had gone to a
pub named Club 7 (“the club”). While they were leaving the pub, Lim was
confronted by a group of five to six persons led by Oh. Oh and Lim had a brief
scuffle, but the club’s bouncers swiftly intervened and the altercation
ceased.

_The first incident_

5 When Lim and Goi were walking later towards their motorcycles, they were
again confronted by Oh who was leading a group of more than five men. The
group punched and kicked Lim for about a minute. When a policeman (Staff
Sergeant Mohamad Hirwan bin Muhd, hereinafter referred to as “Hirwan”)
arrived, all the assailants except Oh and Leong dispersed. While Hirwan was
recording the particulars of Oh and Leong, Oh spoke to Lim and both managed to
resolve the matter amicably. Hirwan then allowed all of them to leave.

6 During the trial, Lim could identify Oh, Leong and Bai as part of the group,
but he could not remember if Phua was involved in the altercation. Goi, in
contrast, identified Phua (in addition to Oh and Leong) as one of the persons
who had surrounded Lim while four or five others attacked him.

_The second incident_

7 Lim and Goi then went to a convenience store, Seven Eleven, to purchase some
cigarettes. After leaving the store, they were confronted by a different group
of three men, who asked them which gang they belonged to. At this juncture,
Bai, who was with the earlier group, shouted to the three men in Hokkien, “It
was them!” The two groups then merged to surround Lim and Goi, and attacked
them with punches and kicks.

8 Lim testified to being attacked by five or six persons. At one point, while
he was on the ground, Phua punched him on the left side of his head. Lim
specifically remembered Phua as being “quite small-sized” and clothed with a
“long-sleeved white-coloured shirt”. Goi also confirmed that Phua was one of
the persons in this group that attacked them.

9 The police arrived then, and the assailants fled towards some taxis.
Sergeant Sharul bin Osman (“Sharul”) saw four persons running and boarding a
taxi, but Sharul managed to stop the taxi and detain them. Hirwan brought Lim
and Goi to identify the assailants. They confirmed that all four persons –
Bai, Tan, Leong and Phua – were part of the group of assailants. Lim and Goi
were then sent for medical examinations, and were found to have suffered
injuries in the form of bruises to their heads and arms.

**_The Defence_**

10 Phua claimed that he was in the vicinity of the club at the material time,
but was not involved in both incidents. He did not adduce any evidence to
prove an alibi pursuant to s 105 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).
Instead, he called Bai, Leong, Tan and Oh to testify that he was not with them
during the two incidents.

11 According to Phua, he had gone to the club with Bai, where he met Tan and
Leong. He left the club later to purchase a drink at Seven Eleven. While
consuming his drink outside the store, he contacted Bai and Tan, and arranged
to meet them at the store to take a taxi together. While Phua was waiting for
them, he witnessed a commotion opposite the club, which was dispersed by the
police. This was the first incident which Phua denied being involved in.

12 After Phua purchased another drink, he witnessed another commotion, which
was the second incident. He decided to leave in a taxi first and contact his
friends later. When he entered the taxi, Bai, Tan and Leong suddenly appeared
and rushed into the same taxi. However, the police arrived and stopped the
vehicle.

**The decision below**

13 The trial judge convicted Phua of the two offences for the following
reasons:

(a) He did not accept Phua’s evidence. In his opinion, Phua’s story was added
to, changed and finally abandoned for a new version altogether. Furthermore,
certain aspects of his testimony were improbable and contradictory.

(b) The testimonies of the four defence witnesses contradicted Phua’s evidence
and had irreconcilable discrepancies. In particular, the credibility of Leong
and Bai was impeached when they were confronted with their previous
inconsistent statements to the police.

(c) In contrast, Lim and Goi had provided consistent and coherent accounts,
which were free from fundamentally irreconcilable discrepancies. The
Prosecution’s case was further bolstered by the testimonies of the arresting
officers, which the trial judge found to be consistent.

14 The trial judge sentenced Phua to 12 months’ imprisonment on the first
charge, and 18 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane on the
second charge. Both sentences were ordered to run concurrently.

**The appeal**

15 Essentially, Phua disputed the trial judge’s findings of fact and asserted
that his version of the material events should have been accepted. Phua’s
exact grounds of appeal were not succinctly stated, but his main contentions
could be summarised as follows:

(a) the identification evidence which the Prosecution relied on was flawed;

(b) the trial judge failed to give sufficient weight to the testimony of the
defence witnesses;

(c) the elements of the offence in s 146 were not fulfilled and the charges
should have been amended; and

(d) the sentences were manifestly excessive in view of the minor role played
by Phua.

**_Whether the identification evidence which the Prosecution relied on was
flawed_**

_The first charge_

16 Phua contended that the identification evidence concerning the first charge
was weak, since only Goi had noticed Phua at the scene and the fight had
lasted only 30 seconds. In my opinion, the trial judge was entitled to rely
solely on Goi’s identification evidence to conclude that Phua was present. I
had noted in _Low Lin Lin v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 14 at [49] that “a conviction may
be warranted on the testimony of one witness alone, _so long as the court is
aware of the dangers and subjects the evidence to careful scrutiny_ ”
[emphasis added]. In _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 474, I also held that
it was the quality of identification evidence, and not the number of witnesses
that counted. I did not accept that an accused could never be convicted on
identification evidence alone when there was only one witness to the offence.

17 In the present case, I was satisfied that the trial judge had taken great
pains to analyse Goi’s evidence before deciding to accept Goi’s testimony. He
came to the reasonable conclusion that Goi was able to remember Phua since he
was an onlooker and would have noticed more details than Lim, who was the one
being attacked. Furthermore, the trial judge noted that Goi could describe
Phua with great detail as a “small built, frail” man with a “long sleeve white
T-shirt”. Goi could also give a satisfactory explanation as to why he could
distinctly recall seeing Phua; he saw Phua again in the second incident and
therefore Phua’s image was firmly etched in his memory. In the light of the
deliberate caution exercised by the trial judge, Phua’s contention was
untenable.

18 I also drew counsel for Phua’s attention to the pertinent decision by the
Court of Appeal in _Heng Aik Ren Thomas v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 465, which I
recently applied in _Govindaraj Perumalsamy v PP_ [2004] SGHC 16. The
guidelines in _R v Turnbull_ [1977] QB 224 for the assessment of
identification evidence were endorsed and reformulated as a three-step test:

(a) The first question which a judge should ask when encountering a criminal
case where there is identification evidence is whether the case against the
accused depends wholly or substantially on the correctness of the
identification evidence which is alleged by the Defence to be mistaken.

(b) If so, the second question should be this: Is the identification evidence
of good quality, taking into account the circumstances in which identification
by the witness was made? Some non-exhaustive factors to consider include the
length of time for which the witness observed the accused, the distance at
which the observation was made, the presence of obstructions, the frequency
with which the witness saw the accused and the length of time which elapsed
between the original observation and the subsequent identification to the
police.

(c) If the quality of the identification evidence is poor, the judge should
then seek other evidence which supports the correctness of the identification.

19 On the present facts, Phua’s conviction hinged principally on the accuracy
of Goi’s evidence, as there was no other witness who could corroborate him.
Proceeding to the next guideline, I found that Goi’s evidence was of
considerably high quality. Although he observed the fight for merely 30
seconds, he was not far away from the group. I inferred, from the record of
proceedings, that he was at close quarters with Phua as he had actually
attempted to stop the scuffle. He also saw Phua twice, and had identified Phua
to the police very shortly after the second incident. I therefore concluded
that the identification evidence of Phua for the first charge was reliable,
notwithstanding identification by only one victim. There was then no necessity
for me to consider the third guideline.

_The second charge_

20 Counsel for Phua alleged that the “identification parade”, in which Phua,
Bai, Leong and Tan were shown to the victims, was improperly conducted. He
argued that the trial judge’s refusal to allow cross-examination of Hirwan on
the identification parade procedure was prejudicial to Phua.

21 I did not accept this submission as there was no indication of impropriety
in the identification procedure. Admittedly, this identification parade was
not conducted according to the usual formalities. In fact, counsel for Phua,
in his cross-examination of Hirwan, termed the whole procedure an “immediate
identification parade”. Nonetheless, the entire procedure appeared to me to be
no more than a confirmation by the victims of their earlier identification of
Phua, rather than a formal identification parade which had to comply with
strict rules. Since the judge did not allow cross-examination on the exact
procedure used for an “immediate identification parade”, it was not possible,
in the absence of any express guidelines in the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed), to criticise it as being improper.

22 In any event, I did not find the lack of cross-examination on the above
procedure to be prejudicial to Phua. Even if the procedure was irregular, the
identification evidence of Lim and Goi need not be automatically excluded. In
_PP v Ong Phee Hoon James_ [2000] 3 SLR 293, I found that the casual “face-to-
face” manner of identification was procedurally improper. Yet, this finding
merely affected the weight and not the admissibility of the identification
evidence. The identification evidence was still evaluated according to the
_Turnbull_ guidelines, and found to be reliable. Only if there is evidence of
bad faith or deliberate flouting of procedural requirements will an
identification parade not be upheld: _Ong Phee Hoon_ and _Thirumalai Kumar v
PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 434.

23 I was thus aware that the possibility of irregularity in the final
identification of Phua need not preclude the court’s acceptance of the earlier
identification evidence. In this regard, I found the identification evidence
in the second fight more compelling than in the first. Both victims had
testified to seeing Phua and specified that Phua had attacked Lim. In
particular, Lim recalled being punched on the left side of his head by Phua.
He then noticed that Phua was “quite small-sized” and was wearing a long-
sleeved white shirt. Lim and Goi, who had seen Phua at close quarters (Goi had
seen him twice), and described him in similar terms, were able to identify him
again before the police without hesitation. Once again, the _Turnbull_
guidelines were amply fulfilled. Phua had no basis to find fault with the
trial judge’s decision concerning the accuracy of identification evidence in
both charges.

**_Whether the trial judge failed to give sufficient weight to the testimony
of the defence witnesses_**

24 I found this ground of appeal completely unmeritorious. It is settled law
that an appellate court will generally defer to the trial judge’s findings of
fact when the findings hinge on his assessment of the credibility and veracity
of the witnesses: _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 and _PP v
Fazely bin Rahmat_ [2003] 2 SLR 184. Therefore, Phua had to convince me that
the trial judge’s decision was plainly wrong or wholly against the weight of
evidence: _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704 and _Mustaza bin Abdul
Majid v PP_ [2004] SGHC 18. From the record of proceedings, I observed that
the trial judge had meticulously analysed each defence witness’s testimony,
leaving no stone unturned, and had concluded that these witnesses had
manifested material discrepancies which undermined their credibility. Before
me, Phua could not successfully refute these findings of fact. I therefore
agreed with the trial judge that the defence’s position – that Phua was not at
the scene during both fights – was unsustainable. I turn now to highlight some
of these discrepancies.

25 First, Phua’s own testimony was far from watertight. He appeared to be
deliberately distancing himself from both incidents, by giving only very brief
accounts of the fights during his examination-in-chief. Though he attributed
the paucity of details to his poor vision, he was ironically able to add
significant details during his cross-examination, including how helmets were
used in the second incident and the number of persons assisting Oh in the
first incident. After being confronted with many inconsistencies between his
police statement and his oral testimony (which amounted to 11 points of
inconsistency as tabulated by the trial judge), he conceded that everything in
his statement was the truth, thus effectively renouncing all that he said in
court as “mistakes”. The trial judge was certainly justified in concluding
that these discrepancies could not simply be attributed to defective memory,
as some differences were significant. As an illustration, Phua claimed in his
police statement that he had never seen Leong before, but testified during the
trial that he had met Leong at the club. In another inconsistency, Phua in his
statement gave a detailed description of how he saw a big group led by Oh
approaching Lim and Goi, but, according to his oral evidence, he saw both
groups together when he emerged from the Seven Eleven store. Since Phua’s
testimony was highly malleable, it was dangerous to accept his defence that he
was not present on both occasions.

26 Second, one of the defence witnesses, Leong, supported Phua by confirming
that Phua was not present in both incidents. Yet, when cross-examined on his
previous statement, he admitted that it was a completely different version
from his oral testimony. Moreover, his version of how he fled to the taxi was
completely at odds with all the other defence witnesses’ accounts. The others
testified that Leong, Bai and Tan fled to the taxi after the fight and saw
Phua inside. Only Leong recounted how he and Bai were initially in the taxi
with Phua before they saw the second commotion. He alleged that he and Bai
then joined in the fight, pulled Tan away and returned to the taxi.

27 Third, Bai’s credibility was similarly shaken when he was shown a material
discrepancy in his police statement. He had earlier stated that as he was
fleeing from the second fight, he had boarded the taxi with Phua and the
others. This was patently contradictory to his claim at the trial that Phua
was already in the taxi. Since Bai was dumbfounded and at a loss for an
explanation, his testimony that Phua was already seated in the taxi was
effectively unreliable. This discrepancy was particularly damaging to Phua’s
case, as Bai was an essential witness who had gone to the club with Phua, and
who testified that on both occasions Phua was absent.

28 Finally, there was Tan’s testimony. Tan only testified to Phua’s absence in
the second incident. Yet, all that he testified to was rendered
inconsequential when he could not withstand cross-examination and finally
conceded that he could not be sure that Phua was not involved in the fight. To
my mind, the defence proffered by Phua was feeble and I was fully convinced
that the Defence had failed to cast any reasonable doubt on the Prosecution’s
case.

_The previous charges that Oh, Leong, Bai and Tan pleaded guilty to_

29 The above inconsistencies would have sufficed to dismiss this ground of
appeal, but I noted that the trial judge had also relied on the contradictions
between the oral testimonies and the earlier pleas of guilt of Oh, Leong, Bai
and Tan. These witnesses had pleaded guilty to charges stating that Phua was
present and that there were more than five persons involved in the fights.
Specifically, Bai, Leong and Oh’s charges included Phua’s name for the first
fight, while Leong and Tan’s charges implicated Phua for the second fight.
However, during the trial, they blatantly denied that Phua was part of the
group, and asserted that there were fewer than five persons in each incident.
The Prosecution was entitled to cross-examine them on these discrepancies. As
I had decided in _PP v Liew Kim Choo_ [1997] 3 SLR 699 and _PP v Heah Lian
Khin_ [2000] 3 SLR 609, the statement of facts which a witness had previously
admitted to in a guilty plea can be properly classified as a confession for
the purposes of s 17 of the Evidence Act, and a witness can be cross-examined
on it under s 147 of the Evidence Act. This principle should be equally
applicable to the cross-examination on a charge admitted to in a guilty plea.
I found then that the credibility of the witnesses was undermined in instances
when they could not adequately explain the glaring contradictions. Notably,
Bai, when confronted with the charge he had previously pleaded guilty to,
changed his evidence and admitted that there were seven to eight persons
involved.

30 However, I was not inclined to place too much emphasis on the discrepancy
concerning the insertion of Phua’s name in the charges. In _Liew Kim Choo_ , I
enumerated various factors that militated against treating a statement of
facts as evidence which could, on its own, convict an accomplice. I recognised
that there were many reasons why a person might plead guilty and admit to a
statement of facts even though the statement of facts might be untruthful. I
noted that false guilty pleas were very plausible, since the statement of
facts was not prepared by the accused, but by the investigating officer or the
Public Prosecutor. The judge, in accepting a statement of facts, only needed
to ensure that the accused had admitted to all the particulars material to the
offence. I took these factors into consideration in _Ang Ser Kuang v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 909 and held that when immaterial particulars of a statement of
facts were relied upon to reduce the credibility of a witness, the evidential
value of the statement of facts had to be diminished.

31 In the present case, the defence witnesses had explained that they had
objected to the inclusion of Phua’s name in the charge, but nevertheless
proceeded to plead guilty when his name was not removed. The insertion of
Phua’s name was not material to their conviction and any inaccuracy would not
have vitiated their plea of guilt. Their subsequent denial of Phua’s
involvement in the trial did not, _per se_ , show that they were concocting
their evidence at the trial. Rather, I found their credibility to be largely
undermined by other discrepancies listed above. The same could not be said for
the witnesses’ assertion that there were fewer than five persons. This fact
was material to the charge, as five or more persons are required to fulfil the
definition of an unlawful assembly under s 142 of the Penal Code. The reversal
of their positions in the trial was thus detrimental to their credibility.
Further, the judge noted that Phua in his police statement acknowledged that
there were more than five persons in both incidents. It was unusual that,
though Phua was not contesting the number of persons involved, the other
witnesses decided to contradict their previous admissions and testify to the
contrary. This particular inconsistency was surely indicative of the
witnesses’ excessive tailoring of their evidence in a bid to aid Phua. As
such, I still agreed with the trial judge’s conclusion that the defence
witnesses were not credible.

**_Whether the two charges should have been reduced to s 143 offences_**

32 I also found this contention to be devoid of merit. It was clear to me that
the main ingredients of the offence of rioting, as defined in s 146 of the
Penal Code, had been fulfilled for both charges. The relevant provision is:

Whenever force or violence is used by an unlawful assembly or by any member
thereof, in prosecution of the common object of such assembly, every member of
such assembly is guilty of the offence of rioting.

33 The first requirement is the presence of an unlawful assembly, which is, in
turn, defined in s 141. Essentially, there must be an assembly of five or more
persons, having a common object which corresponds with one of the objects
specified in paras (a) to (e) of s 141. The evidence here showed that there
were more than five persons in both incidents and that there was a common
object of causing hurt, which satisfied object (c), “to commit any mischief or
criminal trespass, _or other offence_ ” [emphasis added].

34 Next, violence must have been employed by the unlawful assembly in
prosecution of the common object. There is again no dispute here that in both
instances, the group punched and kicked Lim and Goi. Although Hirwan did not
witness the fighting in the first incident, Bai, Leong and Oh testified that
they had attacked Lim.

35 Lastly, Phua must have been a “member” of the unlawful assembly. Section
142 stipulates that a member is one who, “being aware of facts which render
any assembly an unlawful assembly, intentionally joins that assembly, or
continues in it”. I elaborated in _Lim Thian Hor v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 258 that
the person should be aware of and concur with the common object. In this
regard, participation in the common object of the unlawful assembly need not
be manifested by overt acts. I held in that case that mere presence, together
with direct or circumstantial evidence to show that the accused shared the
common object, can amount to membership in the unlawful assembly. This
principle was applied again in _Osman bin Ramli v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 1, where I
inferred that the appellant, having seen the fight and chosen to remain
without any special reason, was part of the unlawful assembly.

36 Similarly in this case, though there was no evidence of Phua having punched
Lim in the first fight, Phua chose to stay with the group while Lim was being
attacked and offered no special reason for doing so. The trial judge had drawn
the proper inference that Phua had concurred with the common object of causing
hurt to Lim. In the second scuffle, it was even clearer, from Phua’s own
participation in the fight, that he was in full agreement with the object of
the assembly. On all counts, the offences of rioting were adequately made out.

37 The fact that the other witnesses had been charged with s 143 was no reason
for Phua to be similarly charged under that section. It is common knowledge
that accused persons who plead guilty, can be charged with less serious
offences. In _PP v Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1999] 2 SLR 499, I alluded to the
practice of plea negotiation, in which representations are made to the
Attorney-General’s Chambers. I acknowledged that this process might result in
a _quid pro quo_ such as a reduction of the charge. Since Phua chose to
proceed with the trial, amendment of his charges could only occur if the
elements of the offence were not satisfied. Phua failed to show how the
ingredients in s 146 were not proven. Accordingly, this ground of appeal
should fail.

**_Whether the sentences on both charges were manifestly excessive_**

38 Phua’s counsel scathingly criticised the sentences as being harsher than
those meted out to Oh, Bai, Leong and Tan, who had played a more major role.
This objection neglected the fact that these witnesses had pleaded guilty to a
less serious offence of unlawful assembly (s 143), which has a lower
sentencing regime of a maximum penalty of six months’ imprisonment. The
principle of parity of sentence is irrelevant once there are different
offences, as there is no longer any common basis for comparison. Moreover, as
evident from _Knight Glenn_ , plea negotiations will invariably result in
reduced charges or sentences. Harsh as it might seem, the accused person who
chooses to proceed with the trial runs the inherent risk that he might suffer
a much heavier sentence than his accomplices who plead guilty. Phua, having
failed to prove that he was not involved in both incidents of rioting, could
not now rely on the fact that a heavier sentence _vis-à-vis_ his accomplices
had been meted out.

39 Under s 147, Phua faced imprisonment for a term of up to five years, and
was also liable to be caned. Rioting has been consistently viewed as a serious
offence, one which breaches public tranquillity and which warrants a deterrent
sentence. The gravamen of the offence of rioting is the pursuit of a common
unlawful purpose through weight of numbers. The individual is thus not being
sentenced for his individual acts considered in isolation, but for his
participation in the collective offence of rioting: _R v Caird_ (1970) 54 Cr
App R 499.

40 This principle does not inexorably imply that the role of the accused,
relative to other offenders, can never be taken into account. In _Lim Thian
Hor_ , the accused did not attack the victim himself, but his son had used
violence. The former was sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment, but his son
received a sentence of 24 months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.
Likewise, in the first incident, Phua had not participated in the punching of
Lim. Twelve months’ imprisonment was an appropriate sentence, considering the
young age of Phua (18 years at sentencing and 17 years at the time of offence)
and the good testimonials on his performance in National Service.

41 Counsel for Phua urged me to set aside the sentence of caning for the
second offence, but I rejected this submission. I acknowledged the fact that
Phua was young. Nevertheless, the court, when dealing with youthful offenders,
has to strike a balance between public interest and the interest of the
offender: _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138. The seriousness of
the offence of rioting was a strong factor which dissuaded me from reducing
Phua’s sentence. My view was further fortified by the presence of several
aggravating factors. Phua did not have a clean record, having committed an
offence of affray barely four months before this present offence. I noted that
that offence was similar in nature to rioting as it involved the use of
violence. In addition, Phua and the rest of the unlawful assembly had
deliberately sought out Lim and Goi, in flagrant disregard of the police’s
earlier intervention in the first fight. In the trial judge’s words, they
“were deliberately spoiling for a fight, and they did so in clear disregard of
the law”. Such defiance could not be viewed lightly.

42 The sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane was
reasonable, being at the lower range of the sentences meted out for “non-
secret society related” offences. The courts have consistently imposed 18 to
36 months’ imprisonment, as well as caning ranging from three to 12 strokes:
_Chua Hwee Kiat Louis v PP_ [2002] SGDC 220, _Yim Kar Mun Stanley v PP_ [1997]
SGDC 1, _Osman bin Ramli v PP_ ([35] _supra_), _Rajasekaran s/o Armuthelingam
v PP_ [2001] SGHC 275 and _Tan Hui Li v PP_ [1999] SGDC 1. I only noticed two
cases – _Ang Kian Choon Lawrence v PP_ [1997] SGDC 2 and _Mohamed Saleem s/o
Mohamed Kassim v PP_ [1998] SGDC 1 – in which the accused persons were not
caned, but the facts therein were distinguishable. Significantly, the young
offenders in those cases had clean records. In _Ang Kian Choon Lawrence_ , the
accused had also pleaded guilty. None of these factors were present here.
Accordingly, I dismissed this ground of appeal and upheld the sentences
imposed by the trial judge.

**Conclusion**

43 Phua had failed to show how the judge erred in convicting him based on
reliable identification evidence and in finding his defence devoid of
credibility. While Phua’s participation in the first offence might have been
minimal, his active involvement in punching Lim in the second offence was
serious and could not warrant a lenient sentence. For the aforementioned
reasons, Phua’s appeals against conviction and sentence were without merit and
were accordingly dismissed.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

