Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb Charles James  
[2004] SGHC 35

Case Number | : | OS 1575/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M P Rai (Cooma and Rai) for applicant; Chelva Rajah SC (Tan Rajah and Cheah) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Ezekiel Caleb Charles James   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted of
criminal breach of trust – Weight to be given to mitigating factors –
Appropriate order to be made – Section 83(1) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed), s 406 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

23 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to s 98(5) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) to
make absolute an order to show cause. We granted the application and ordered
the respondent, Caleb Charles James Ezekiel, to be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. We now give our reasons.

**Facts**

2 The facts of this case were undisputed. The respondent was a senior lawyer
of 20 years’ standing, having been called to the Bar in 1984. At all material
times, he was an equity partner at M/s Khattar Wong & Partners (“the firm”).
In his capacity as equity partner, the respondent was entrusted with funds
held in both the firm’s office account as well as the omnibus clients’
account.

3 In or about May 1996, the firm was engaged by Jerneh Insurance Berhad
(“Jerneh”) to act on their behalf in relation to an insurance claim arising
from a fatal road traffic accident. The defendant in the suit was insured with
Jerneh. The case came under the charge of the respondent, who had
authorisation from Jerneh to settle the suit up to a sum of $50,000. On 29
September 1998, the respondent settled the civil suit in excess of the mandate
from Jerneh. Final judgment was entered against Jerneh and damages of $130,000
and costs of $15,000 plus disbursements were assessed to be paid to the
claimants _via_ the Public Trustee.

4 Between May 1999 and April 2000, the respondent made several withdrawals
amounting to a total of $128,000 from the firm’s omnibus clients’ account
without permission, and paid the moneys over to the Public Trustee, in
settlement of the claim. He subsequently made several repayments between 7 May
1999 and 7 April 2000 into the clients’ account. By 23 September 2002, the
respondent had made full restitution of the moneys taken.

5 The managing partner of the firm made a police report when these
unauthorised withdrawals came to his attention. Notwithstanding the fact that
the respondent had restored the moneys, it was clear that the initial taking
was unauthorised. Accordingly, the respondent was charged with four counts of
criminal breach of trust under s 406 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).
On 18 September 2003, the respondent pleaded guilty to one charge, and three
others were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. On 26
September 2003, he was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment.

**The show cause proceedings**

6 The Law Society relied on the conviction and contended that due cause had
been shown under s 83(2)(a) LPA which states:

Such due cause may be show by proof that an advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character which makes
him unfit for his profession

Before the court, counsel for the respondent acknowledged that the court could
not look behind the conviction and conceded that due cause had been shown. As
such, the only issue was the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) LPA.

**Appropriate order under s 83 LPA**

7 Counsel for the respondent acknowledged that it was the practice of the
courts to order a striking off where a solicitor had been convicted of an
offence involving an element of dishonesty. Whilst he conceded that the
offence here was clearly one involving dishonesty, he submitted that there
were mitigating factors which merited consideration and argued that a mere
censure or suspension would have been adequate in the present case.

8 First, counsel argued that the respondent never stood to gain from taking
the moneys since it was paid out directly to the Public Trustee. Not only
that, the respondent had already made full restitution from his own funds and
was now out of pocket for $95,000. In addition, counsel highlighted the fact
that the respondent had been under a lot of stress at the time of the offence,
as he was handling a large number of cases, and his wife had just gone through
a difficult pregnancy.

9 It was apparent that these factors bore heavily on the mind of the district
judge who meted out the relatively light sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment.
However, we found that these factors were not relevant for our purposes. In
_Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168 at [22], the
court drew a distinction between the considerations of a court sitting in show
cause proceedings from that in a criminal trial as follows:

Because orders made by disciplinary tribunal are not primarily punitive,
considerations which would ordinarily weigh in mitigation of punishment have
less effect on the exercise of the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences
imposed in criminal cases: _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 2 All ER 486 at p
492. To state the matter another way, whatever might have been the appropriate
sentence in the criminal proceedings, the objective there was rather different
from that in show cause proceedings, which are civil and not punitive in
nature.

10 In cases involving solicitors that have been convicted of a criminal
offence, a court considering the appropriate order to be made must, first and
foremost, keep in mind the need to preserve the good name of the profession
and the protection of the public. As the court in _Law Society of Singapore v
Wee Wei Fen_ [2000] 1 SLR 234 observed at [39] and [40]:

[T]he court will give its consideration to the mitigating circumstances in
each individual case but it can do so only so far as is consistent with the
above two related objectives ...

… That no benefit whatsoever accrued to the lawyer through his or her acts is
also of no relevance to the question of what is the appropriate order to be
imposed when all the offences clearly involved an element of dishonesty …

11 Given the above, we were unable to accept counsel’s submissions that a mere
censure or suspension would have been appropriate. We appreciated the fact
that the respondent did not set out to defraud his clients and that his folly
derived mainly from his negligence in settling a suit without mandate. While
his act of negligence alone would not have warranted a striking off, his
subsequent actions in attempting to conceal his mistake smacked of dishonesty.
Though he did not stand to benefit financially from his actions, this did not
alter the fact that he gravely jeopardised the interests of his clients in his
attempt to save his own skin.

12 Counsel made much of the fact that the respondent had made full restitution
of the moneys taken. However, we were not persuaded by this argument as it did
not detract from the fact that the taking was, in itself, dishonest. The fact
that he eventually suffered a loss by repaying the moneys from his own funds
was irrelevant since it was his own negligence in settling a suit without
mandate that caused him to make the unauthorised withdrawals in the first
place.

13 That the respondent was an equity partner in a reputable firm exacerbated
the situation, since the more senior the lawyer, the more damage is done to
the integrity of the profession as a consequence of his misconduct: _Law
Society of Singapore v Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ [2000] 4 SLR 88. Given his
years of experience, and the seniority of his position, we were unable to
excuse his behaviour, as he most definitely should have known better.

14 Lastly, little weight could be attached to the fact that the respondent had
been under a lot of stress at the time of the offence. We cannot but find that
stress is part and parcel of most occupations, and this is most true of the
legal profession. The demands of life cannot be an excuse for dishonesty.

15 In the event, we ordered the respondent to be struck off the roll and
further directed him to bear the costs of these proceedings.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

