Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sumio Sakata and Others v Fuminori Paul Naruse and Others  
[2004] SGHC 102

Case Number | : | Suit 401/2003, RA 61/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmund Kronenburg and Adrian Ng (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for second and fourth plaintiffs; Ronald Choo (Rajah and Tann) for first and third plaintiffs; Tan Kok Quan SC and Audrey Thng (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for second defendant; Suresh Nair (Allen and Gledhill) for first, third, fourth and 11th defendants   
Parties | : |  Sumio Sakata; Mikio Shiga; KK SPJC and Company, Tokyo; Netlock Technologies Japan KK — Fuminori Paul Naruse; Suzanne Liau; SK Partners Pte Ltd; SPJC Enterprise; Yuenming Ltd; SPJC & Co USA; SPJC Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation); Netlock Tecnologies Asia Pte Ltd (in liquidation); Netlock Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation); Pyramix Consulting & Investments Co Pte Ltd; Chew Chung Huang; Chan Siew Po Jennifer; Elfron International Ltd; Think Masters & Assoc Pte Ltd; Aspentrees Pte Ltd (in liquidation)   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Security for costs – Variation of security
of costs order upon change of solicitors – Whether appellate interference with
exercise of discretion warranted – Whether the provision of a further sum as
security necessary – Whether apportionment from original sum adequate.  
  

14 May 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiffs against an order by the assistant
registrar that the security for costs ordered against them in the sum of
$375,000 be varied. The second defendant was initially represented by the same
solicitors as the other defendants. She changed solicitors after the orders
for the provision of security for costs had been made. The amount ordered was
to cover costs up to trial.

2 When the second defendant changed solicitors she applied for a variation of
the orders and was granted an order for $20,000 in her favour to be
apportioned from the original sum of $375,000. In addition to that, a further
sum of $300,000 was ordered to be provided for her benefit.

3 The second defendant regarded herself as a “major player” and submitted that
even the plaintiffs’ solicitors admitted as much. Her counsel submitted that
she had to change solicitors because it appeared that there might be conflict
of interests between herself and the first defendant. She had taken a long
time to appreciate this potential complication.

4 An order for security for costs in the case of a foreign plaintiff is made
so that a successful defendant will be spared the agony of pursuing his
adversary for costs in an unfamiliar jurisdiction. In principle, therefore,
the defendant should face his foreign opponent in the same circumstances as he
faces a local one. But it is a principle that requires a great deal of
adjustments because of variety and uncertainty in each case. The application
of this ostensibly simple principle of law to an imponderable variety of
circumstances is, therefore, by necessity, left to the exercise of the court’s
discretion. Orders so made should not be disturbed on appeal because
discretion must be given a wide berth. In exceptional circumstances, however,
interference in the orders might be warranted, as in this case.

5 This is an action commenced by the four Japanese plaintiffs against the 16
defendants. The first and second defendants are the principal defendants. The
others are either nominees or corporate vehicles allegedly used by the first
and second defendants. The claims are substantial. Some of them have not yet
been quantified, but the dozen or so that have been, exceeded $30,000,000. The
claims were based on breaches of fiduciary duty and conspiracy to defraud. The
background of this dispute between the parties as set out in the lengthy
statement of claim was that the first and second plaintiffs were misled into
investing money in companies pursuant to representations by the first and/or
second defendants that those companies held valuable technologies that had
attracted interested purchasers including Lucent Technologies. Consequently,
companies were incorporated in Japan and elsewhere, and loans were procured
from or through the first and second plaintiffs, to meet the arrangements
proposed by the first and second defendants.

6 On 4 July 2003 a sum of $75,000 as security for costs was ordered against
the plaintiffs in favour of the first, second, third, fourth, sixth, and 11th
defendants represented by M/s Allen & Gledhill. The pleadings in this action
closed in October, and on 10 October 2003 a further sum of $300,000 was
ordered as additional security to cover the defendants (represented by Allen &
Gledhill) up to trial. Then on 5 December 2003, the second defendant changed
solicitors on the ground that there might be a conflict of interest for Allen
& Gledhill to represent her as well as the first defendant. That was probably
a wise and correct move; but the second defendant is an experienced lawyer and
was fully aware of the facts, history, and allegations in this case and ought,
therefore, have taken this into account much earlier. The late change of
solicitors had some consequence to the matter of security for costs. Each
defendant needs to be covered for his or her costs, but had the parties
appeared before the registrar after the change of solicitors had taken place,
the roles of the respective defendants, and correspondingly their solicitors,
could be evaluated and the question of security to be ordered and apportioned
could then be considered on a more complete and comprehensive scale.
Furthermore, counsel said that the trial would be a lengthy one. The issues of
fact and law are also likely to be complicated. Hence, in such circumstances,
the order for security for costs up to trial should not be too greatly
disturbed. By the time the second defendant asked for separate cover,
pleadings had closed. There might be more applications to be made before
trial, but as the parties are expected to have made their best estimate when
the application was first heard, the plaintiffs should not be made to increase
the security for costs every time there is a change of solicitors, or fresh
applications are made. In this case, an apportionment from the original amount
of $375,000 would be a fairer variation. But an order for a further sum almost
equivalent to the first amount just to cover the second defendant is
excessive. The first and second plaintiffs appear to be financially sound and
ostensibly respectable businessmen. Their claims do not appear to be frivolous
or vexatious. In the circumstances, the question was: What would be an
appropriate apportionment of the security already provided? The assistant
registrar apportioned $20,000; but that was because she also ordered a further
sum of $300,000. I am of the view that the sum to be awarded should be between
$50,000 and $90,000 on the basis that she is one of the two principal
defendants. The second defendant may, of course, apply to the trial judge for
further security when the trial commences. But that is a matter for the trial
judge to decide. He has wide discretion and may choose to hear the application
at the start of the trial or at such stage of the trial as he may decide is
appropriate to revisit the issue of security for costs.

7 The estimation of costs in advance cannot be made with precision. And,
although the purpose is to allow a successful defendant an easier way of
recovering his costs, that advantage is to be considered in the context of a
defendant having to defend against a local plaintiff; where that plaintiff is
impecunious, the defendant would be more at risk than having to defend against
a wealthy foreign plaintiff. Thus, there should be no rule that a foreign
plaintiff must cover the defendant fully. The court has to take into account
all such factors as relevant and decide what would be a fair amount.

8 For the reasons above, I varied the assistant registrar’s orders by
apportioning a sum of $50,000 (to cover the second defendant’s costs) from the
sum of $375,000 and by setting aside the order for the provision of a further
sum of $300,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

