Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Projector SA v Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGCA 34

Case Number | : | CA 42/2004, NM 51/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lawrence Teh and Sean La'Brooy (Rodyk and Davidson) for appellant; Werner Tsu (Drew and Napier LLC) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Projector SA — Marubeni International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Application to amend Notice of Appeal –
Whether court obliged to allow amendment if opposing party may be compensated
with costs – Factors to be considered by court when deciding whether
application should be allowed  
  

11 August 2004

Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 On 28 November 2003, an interim mandatory injunction order (“the
Injunction”) was granted on the application of the plaintiff Marubeni
International Petroleum (S) Pte Ltd (“Marubeni”) against the defendant
Projector SA (“Projector”) to compel Projector to pay a cash deposit of about
US$2.6m into the South Korean court to secure the release of the vessel
_Dynamic Express_ from arrest in Korea. Projector’s obligation apparently
arose out of letters of indemnity given by Projector to Marubeni for delivery
of cargo carried by the _Dynamic Express_ without production of the original
bills of lading.

2 The cash deposit was paid by Projector into the South Korean court on or
about 5 December 2003.

3 In the meantime, Projector applied on 2 December 2003 to discharge the
Injunction. On 19 May 2004, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J made the following orders:

(1) the Interim Mandatory Injunction ordered on 28 November 2003 be discharged
on the condition that the cash deposits in the South Korean Court be retained
to abide by the outcome of the proceedings in Korea;

(2) Prayers 3 and 5 be reserved to the trial judge; and

(3) Liberty to apply for both parties.

4 Prayers 3 and 5 of Projector’s summons in chambers were as follows:

(3) following from (2) above, that an inquiry whether the Defendant has
sustained any and, if any, what damages by reason of the Interim Mandatory
Injunction which the Plaintiff ought to pay according to its undertaking set
out in the Order of Court dated 28 November 2003;

…

(5) the costs of and incidental to this application be paid by the Plaintiff
to the Defendant; …

5 Projector was dissatisfied with Ang J’s order and filed a notice of appeal
on 18 June 2004. The notice stated that the appeal was against only such parts
of her order as reserved the questions of an inquiry into damages and costs to
the trial judge.

6 However, on 6 July 2004, Projector filed an application before the Court of
Appeal for liberty to amend the notice of appeal to include an appeal against
that part of Ang J’s order which imposed the condition that the cash deposit
in the South Korean court be retained to abide by the outcome of proceedings
in Korea. The application was heard by me. Under ss 36(1) and (2) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed), the application was
deemed to have been made in the Court of Appeal. The application was resisted
by Marubeni. After hearing arguments, I dismissed the application with costs.
I set out below, my reasons.

**Reasons**

7 Projector cited the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Leong Mei Chuan v
Chan Teck Hock David_ [2001] 2 SLR 17. The headnote of that case summarises
the facts of the application there as follows:

The appellant wife appealed to a High Court judge-in-chambers against certain
orders made by the district judge on matters ancillary to divorce proceedings
between her and the respondent husband. Subsequent to the filing of the
appeal, the appellant applied for leave to amend the notice of appeal to
include a prayer for an order concerning certain matrimonial property,
specifically, stock options that had vested in the respondent but that had not
yet been exercised. This prayer was not included in the original notice of
appeal. The judge approximating the application to an application to extend
time for the filing of the notice of appeal, applied stringent standards and
rejected the application. The appellant appealed to the Court of Appeal.

8 LP Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said at [21]:

In the present case, the notice of appeal was filed timeously. The only
question was whether leave should be given to amend that notice. It is true
that the amendment sought was not inconsequential; it was of a substantive
character. Be that as it may, the relevant considerations surely ought to be
whether the opposing party had been given reasonable notice of the amendment
and afforded a sufficient opportunity to address the substance of the
amendment, and whether the amendment sought is consistent with the pleadings
or the points raised below. Short of grave prejudice or hardship to the
opposing party that cannot be addressed by an order as to costs, the court
should lean in favour of allowing the amendment.

9 In that case, leave to amend was granted.

10 Relying on that passage, Projector submitted that so long as Marubeni could
be compensated by costs, an application to amend a notice of appeal should be
allowed. The stringent requirements for an application for extension of time
to file an appeal, which I would add are well-known, would not apply to an
application to amend a notice of appeal.

11 While I agreed that the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Leong Mei
Chuan_ meant that the stringent requirements for an application for extension
of time to file an appeal would not apply to an application to amend a notice
of appeal, I did not agree that that decision also meant that so long as a
respondent could be compensated by costs, an application to amend should be
allowed.

12 Indeed, [15] of Thean JA’s judgment stated:

In our opinion, the stringent standards required in an application for
extension of time to file an appeal are not absolute and applicable to all
cases where an extension of time is sought. In this regard, we respectfully
adopt the words of Sir Thomas Bingham MR (as he then was) in _Costellow v
Somerset County Council_ [1993] 1 All ER 952, 959; [1993] 1 WLR 256, 264, and
say that the resolution of problems such as the present application for leave
to amend a notice of appeal cannot be governed by a single universally
applicable rule of thumb. A rigid, mechanistic approach is inappropriate.

13 Yet, Projector was suggesting that I adopt a mechanistic approach. In my
view, what the Court of Appeal meant in [21] of Thean JA’s judgment was that
the fact that a respondent could be compensated by costs was a factor leaning
in favour of allowing the amendment. All the relevant facts leading to the
application should still be considered even if Marubeni had been given
reasonable notice of the amendment and would be afforded a sufficient
opportunity to address the substance of the amendment.

14 Mr G Asokan, a partner in the local firm of solicitors representing
Projector, executed two affidavits which were filed in support of the
application to amend. Paragraphs 4 and 5 of his first affidavit stated that
the notice of appeal did not include the condition imposed by Ang J, “as a
result of miscommunication within my firm”. However, no elaboration was given
and this point was made in Mr Werner Tsu’s affidavit filed for Marubeni in
response to Mr Asokan’s first affidavit. In response, Mr Asokan executed his
second affidavit. Surprisingly, para 11 thereof stated that Projector believed
that sufficient explanation had been given in his first affidavit as to why
the condition was not included in the notice of appeal originally. The said
para 11 went on to say, “[i]t was a single case of miscommunication in the
taking of instructions from clients who are overseas”. There appeared to be a
contradiction between what was stated in each of Mr Asokan’s two affidavits.

15 Projector’s counsel explained in arguments before me, that the condition
was not overlooked when the notice of appeal was filed. However, upon a
further consideration of the matter after it was filed, it was thought that
the condition should be included in the notice of appeal as its omission might
affect Projector’s arguments on the issues about inquiry as to damages and
costs.

16 Marubeni’s counsel then revealed that, as regards para 11 of Mr Asokan’s
second affidavit, Projector’s solicitors were taking instructions from an
English firm of solicitors. The clients who were giving instructions to the
local law firm were not lay clients.

17 In response, Projector’s counsel acknowledged that there was an English
firm of solicitors advising Projector and this English firm had solicitors in
Singapore who were instructing his firm _ie_ the local law firm.

18 It seemed to me that since the local firm was taking instructions from
English solicitors in Singapore, para 11 of Mr Asokan’s second affidavit which
referred to “the taking of instructions from clients who are overseas” was
inaccurate, to put it mildly. It also seemed to me that there was no
miscommunication and that a deliberate decision had been taken with the
benefit of advice from solicitors with regard to the contents of the notice of
appeal.

19 In view of the circumstances and the lack of candour in the supporting
affidavits, I dismissed the application with costs.

20 I would add that after I dismissed the application, Projector’s counsel
asked if I were minded to state that the dismissal was without prejudice to
any fresh application to amend which Projector might decide to make. I had no
hesitation in refusing that oral application.

Application dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

