Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Toh Kim Chan v Toh Kim Tian and Others  
[2004] SGHC 161

Case Number | : | Suit 117/2002, RA 90/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheong Gay Eng (Cheong and Koh) for appellant / first defendant; Peter Low (Peter Low, Tang and Belinda Ang) for respondent / plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Toh Kim Chan — Toh Kim Tian; Ang Kiang Hua; Guan Joo Engineering Works and Building Pte Ltd   
  
Partnership – Partners inter se – Accounts – Business of partnership
transferred to company – Appeal against findings of Assistant Registrar
regarding accounts and inquiries made in respect of assets of partnership.  
  

2 August 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 This is an appeal by the first defendant against the findings of an
assistant registrar made in an inquiry into accounts directed by Woo Bih Li JC
(as he then was, henceforth “Woo J”). The following facts are derived
substantially from Woo J’s judgment dated 11 November 2002 ([2003] 1 SLR 839).

**The factual background**

2 The Toh family comprised eight brothers and five sisters. The eldest brother
passed away in February 1995. The action arose out of a dispute among some
members of the Toh family. The plaintiff and the first defendant are brothers,
the plaintiff being the fifth son and the first defendant being the third son
in the family. The second defendant (Ang Kiang Hua) is the wife of the first
defendant. The third defendant is a company known as Guan Joo Engineering
Works & Building Pte Ltd (“the company”) in which the first and second
defendants are directors and shareholders.

3 In 1977, five members of the family agreed to start a business together with
each of them contributing $5,000 as the initial capital of the partnership.
The five consisted of the father, Toh Kim Hwee (eldest son, now deceased), the
first defendant, Tock Kim Yock (fourth son) and the plaintiff. On 1 February
1977, the firm was registered. Although the partnership (originally called
Guan Joo Hardware Co) was not registered in the names of all the five named
members of the family, it was common ground that they were partners with each
holding an equal share in the partnership.

4 In July 1984, the name of the partnership was changed to Guan Joo
Engineering Works. The first defendant was running the business, at least,
from July 1984 onwards. The partners who worked for the business received
fringe benefits such as cars, which were paid for by the partnership. They
also received payment for their work. There were also advances made to the
partners. Those were recorded as loans. The father received monthly sums of
money from the business. The first defendant was in charge of all such money
matters.

5 On 4 April 1996, the company was incorporated upon the instructions of the
first defendant for the purpose of limiting liability. The business of the
partnership was transferred to the company and the partnership ceased business
on 30 April 1996. The first two shareholders of the company were the first
defendant and the widow of the eldest brother, the remaining registered
partners of the partnership, with each holding one share. The first
defendant’s wife (the second defendant) became a director of the company on 2
May 1996. Sometime in 1999, the first defendant bought over the beneficial
interest of the widow of the eldest brother.

6 The plaintiff, who had been working in the partnership and subsequently the
company, from 1991, had his services terminated by the first defendant in July
2001. Their relationship had been strained for some time.

7 On 31 January 2002, the plaintiff commenced this action against the three
defendants. Among other reliefs, he sought a declaration that the first and
second defendants were holding on trust for him a 20% interest in the
partnership and the company. He also prayed for an order that accounts be
taken and inquiries be made in respect of the assets of the partnership and
the company, and that the first and second defendants give him access to the
firm’s and the company’s accounting books and documents.

8 Woo J made the following orders at the conclusion of the trial:

(a) a declaration that the first defendant held a 20% share in the partnership
on trust for the plaintiff;

(b) an order that the first defendant “give an accounting and there is to be
an inquiry as stated in paragraph 57” (I have set out below the said [57] of
the judgment in full);

(c) an order that the first defendant give the plaintiff and any accountant
appointed by him access to all accounting records and supporting documents and
allow them to make copies thereof;

(d) an order that the first defendant transfer to the plaintiff 20% of the
issued shares of the company;

(e) liberty to apply.

9 Paragraph 57 of Woo J’s judgment reads (with the plaintiff referred to as
“Kim Chan”, the first defendant as “Kim Tian” and the company as “GJEWB”):

57 In the circumstances, I will order Kim Tian to account for all the assets
of the Partnership from 31 January 1996. This will be within six years prior
to the filing of the Writ on 31 January 2002 and, even if s 6(2) of the
Limitation Act does not apply, I am not prepared to order the accounting
period to be extended to any period before 31 January 1996 in view of laches
on the part of Kim Chan. However, the $200,000 cash balance is to be deemed to
be part of the assets of the Partnership as at 31 January 1996. There will
also be an inquiry as to what has become of such assets. I will also order Kim
Tian to pay Kim Chan 20% of the assets so accounted unless the inquiry
concludes that the assets have been transferred to GJEWB or given to any of
the partners other than Kim Tian or have been reasonably used to pay Kim Tian
in view of the time he spent in managing the Partnership. To the extent that
they have been so transferred or given to other partners or have been
reasonably used to pay Kim Tian, Kim Tian need not pay Kim Chan 20% thereof,
but the burden of establishing any of these qualifications is on Kim Tian. The
accounting is to be taken before and the inquiry is to be undertaken by the
Registrar of the Supreme Court who shall make such directions and orders as he
thinks fit, including orders in respect of interest and costs of the
accounting and inquiry.”

The so-called missing $200,000 came about because the judge believed the
evidence of a younger brother (not one of the partners), who testified for the
plaintiff that he noticed a cash balance of $200,000 from one set of accounts
but found that item missing when he reviewed another set of accounts. That was
in 1994, 1995 and when the business was to be transferred to the company.

10 Woo J did not make an order for accounts to be taken in respect of the
company. As the second defendant was not a named partner of the business, the
judge felt it was not appropriate to seek a declaration that she was a trustee
of the plaintiff’s share in the partnership (see [22] of the judgment).
Accordingly, he dismissed the claims against the second defendant. On the
question of costs, he awarded the plaintiff 30% of the costs of the
proceedings against the first defendant and ordered the plaintiff to pay the
second defendant $4,000 in costs. He made no order, both on the substantive
claims and on costs, against the company.

**The taking of accounts and the inquiry before the assistant registrar**

11 The assistant registrar, in analysing the said [57], set out the parameters
of the taking of accounts and the inquiry in the following manner:

(a) the period of accounting was to commence from 31 January 1996;

(b) a cash balance of $200,000 was deemed to be part of the partnership assets
as at 31 January 1996;

(c) the first defendant had to account for all the assets of the partnership
as of that date and pay the plaintiff 20% of the assets so accounted unless he
could prove three qualifications. These were that the assets had been:

(i) transferred to the company; or

(ii) given to partners other than the first defendant; or

(iii) reasonably used to pay the first defendant in view of the time he spent
managing the partnership.

12 At the hearing, counsel for both parties informed the assistant registrar
that they had agreed that the second and the third qualifications were not in
issue. Accordingly, she confined the inquiry to the first qualification on
whether the first defendant could show that the assets of the partnership as
at 31 January 1996, had been transferred to the company when it took over the
business on 1 May 1996. The first defendant filed two affidavits for the
purposes of the hearing before the assistant registrar while the plaintiff
filed an affidavit by Lee Nyen Fatt, an accountant engaged by the plaintiff to
advise him on the accounts to be examined.

13 The assistant registrar acknowledged that many of the documents produced by
the first defendant were not substantiated but she considered that the
authenticity and reliability of those documents relied upon by the plaintiff
would be taken as unchallenged by the plaintiff. As for the rest of the
documents, she decided that their reliability would be determined by taking
into account all the circumstances of the case, including the fact that the
partnership was a small, family-run business with the consequence “that there
might not be a rigorously adhered proper standard of documenting transactions
or systemizing the accounts”. The plaintiff had complained that there was
failure by the first defendant to give access to all accounting records and
supporting documents while the first defendant’s explanation was that he had
provided whatever was available and that many of the documents had already
been destroyed or discarded due to the lapse of time between the accounting
period and the commencement of this action. The assistant registrar held that
this fact alone did not mean that the burden of proof in relation to the first
qualification stated above was an impossible one to discharge.

14 As the partnership closed its accounts on a yearly basis on 31 December, it
did not have a list of assets as at 31 January 1996. In view of the
impracticality of reconstructing the accounts, there was virtually no evidence
of what constituted the partnership assets as at the cut-off date other than
the stated $200,000. She therefore took the approach of confining the inquiry
only to the disputed assets which were seemingly unaccounted for. These were
identified by the plaintiff’s accountant as:

(a) differences arising from trade debtors $227,705.26

(b) other debtors $277,378.62

(c) cash at bank not taken over $ 42,812.12

(d) cash balance deemed part of the assets $200,000.00  
__________

$747,896.00  
__________

15 Upon analysing the documents produced, the assistant registrar came to the
conclusion that the first defendant had accounted for $214,605.72 of assets in
the form of trade debts. The remaining $13,099.54 was repaid by a trade debtor
by way of two cheques deposited into the partnership’s bank account on 10 June
and 9 July 1996. She dealt with this sum together with “cash at bank not taken
over”.

16 Under “other debtors”, there were 25 debtors. The first defendant explained
that the debts comprised mainly loans to family members. However, the
assistant registrar was of the view that showing money had gone to family
members did not detract from the fact that the money was part of the
partnership assets which had not been transferred to the company. She did not
accept that these were expenses of the partnership as they were recorded as
loans. Having found that $88,888 was paid out by the partnership into the
company’s bank account, that $27,996.52 in the first defendant’s current
account reflected his drawings and that the plaintiff had an outstanding loan
of $41,994 owing to the partnership, she deducted these three amounts from the
stated sum of $277,378.62 and held that the first defendant had not discharged
his burden of proof in respect of the remaining $118,500.10.

17 In respect of the cash balance in the partnership’s bank account after 30
April 1996, the assistant registrar noted that the company did not take over
any bank balances from the partnership at all. Payments to the partnership
after 30 April 1996, as late as in June and July (see [15] above), went into
the partnership’s bank account. She found no reason why those payments should
have gone into that account. Together with the original bank balance of
$42,812.12 as at 30 April 1996, the total amount in that account was
$57,161.03 as at 23 December 1996. However, she accepted that the sum of
$12,724.85 paid out of that account between May and August 1996 was for GIRO
payments for various utilities and for rental paid by the partnership on
behalf of the company. She did not accept that the rest of the payments were
for trade creditors and other sundry matters, as claimed by the first
defendant. Accordingly, she found that the first defendant had not proved that
the difference of $44,436.18 had been transferred to the company or had been
utilised for its benefit.

18 Where the allegedly missing $200,000 was concerned, the assistant
registrar, while accepting that cash balance could mean either cash in hand or
in the bank account, found it difficult to say with any degree of certainty
that it was part of the bank balance of $247,983.13 as at 31 January 1996.
Since the burden of proof was on the first defendant, she found that the
$200,000 remained unaccounted for up to the time, and even after, the company
took over the business of the partnership.

19 The assistant registrar therefore concluded that a total of $362,936.28
(comprising $118,500.10, $44,436.18 and $200,000) was unaccounted for.
Pursuant to Woo J’s directions, she ordered the first defendant to pay the
plaintiff 20% of this sum, amounting to $72,587.26, together with interest
awarded at 6% per annum from the date of service of the writ of summons to the
date of judgment.

**The decision on appeal**

20 As correctly pointed out by the assistant registrar, the partnership was a
small, family-run business. The person who was employed to take charge of the
accounts was a niece (the daughter of the deceased eldest brother) who worked
for the partnership and then the company from 1982 to 1997. One should not be
surprised, therefore, that the documentation and methodology in relation to
the transactions and the accounts were not a model for excellence in business
practice. In such a business, the relationship among the partners is governed
more by the warm ties of kinship than by the cold, hard dictates of commerce.
It was unfortunate, of course, that that warmth turned into divisive heat.

21 As noted by Woo J in his judgment (at [28]), neither the plaintiff nor any
of the other partners asked for an account of the business before 1992.
Indeed, the plaintiff acknowledged that the first time he asked for such an
account was in 1992 or 1993, some 15 or 16 years after the inception of the
partnership. The judge also noted (at [41]) that the plaintiff knew that the
first defendant had been managing the business. The plaintiff had been working
for the business for about a decade between 1991 and 2001. He was provided
with a car and, subsequently, a replacement car. He knew that the first
defendant had provided for himself a better or more valuable car. He was also
aware that various personal expenses of the partners were paid from the funds
of the business, that advances were given to various partners from time to
time and that their father was given money from the business on a monthly
basis, even if he was not aware of all the details.

22 After the plaintiff and some of the other family members asked the younger
brother (mentioned in [9] above) to review the accounts for them between 1992
and 1996, the plaintiff took no action until after his services were
terminated in 2001. The subject matter of the taking of accounts and the
inquiry related to events and transactions that took place five to six years
before any threat of litigation. The fact that supporting documents were
missing or no longer available was therefore unexceptional.

23 The burden of proof in the hearing before the assistant registrar may have
fallen on the first defendant but his evidence and the available documents
must be examined in the light of all these incontrovertible facts.

24 Where the amount under “other debtors” was concerned, the $118,500.10 found
to be unaccounted for comprised mainly loans taken by the other partners, with
the loan taken by the father going back to 1989. These loans amounted to
$88,239.00. The balance was apparently taken as loans by other family members
(some of whom were employees in the business), the firm’s other employees and
some sub-contractors. Such loans were acknowledged by Woo J. The assistant
registrar also accepted this fact and said (at [34] of her grounds of
decision):

I discounted a further sum of $41,994.00, being the loan owed by Kim Chan to
the Partnership as I did not think that Kim Chan could, in good conscience,
claim that this asset was unaccounted for.

25 Following this reasoning, there would be no basis to distinguish the loans
taken by the other partners. Although stated as loans, it was quite obvious
that the money was taken by them as drawings from the family coffers and there
was no expectation that the money would have to be returned to the firm. Such
loans should be considered as money given to the other partners within the
meaning of the second qualification stated by Woo J, despite the parties’
common position that that qualification was not in issue.

26 However, it was unclear why money was taken by people who were not partners
and why they were not asked to repay the money. Those debts have become time-
barred. They amounted to $30,261.10. I therefore held that only this amount
remained unaccounted for by the first defendant and not the entire sum of
$118,500.10.

27 I now come to the item “cash at bank not taken over”. The bank statements
showed that two amounts were transferred from the partnership’s bank account
to the company’s bank account (both with Tat Lee Bank Ltd). $88,888 was
transferred on 28 April 1996 and $30,000 on 4 May 1996. Although the
partnership ceased business on 30 April 1996 and the company commenced
business on 1 May 1996, and it was professed that the partnership’s bank
balances were not taken over by the company, it was clear that there was no
distinct line drawn between the money belonging to the partnership and that
belonging to the company because they were in fact the same business entity.
This was amply demonstrated by the GIRO payments made out of the partnership’s
bank account for the benefit of the company for several months after 30 April
1996. Similarly, the payments by one trade debtor in June and July 1996 were
paid into the partnership’s bank account because it would not otherwise have
sufficient funds for the said GIRO payments. By 30 May 1996, that account had
only $795.92 in it. On the other hand, other payments to the partnership after
30 April 1996 were deposited into the company’s account. The $30,000
transferred on 4 May 1996 should therefore have been treated as money
accounted for.

28 The remaining $14,436.18 found unaccounted for comprised four amounts of
$5,000, $3,000, $1,400 and $5,036.18. The documents showed that the $5,000 was
taken by the plaintiff as a loan while the rest were expended as petty cash
and loans to employees. This was accepted by the plaintiff’s witness (the
niece who took charge of the accounts between 1982 and 1997) at the trial
before Woo J but who was not called as a witness in the hearing before the
assistant registrar. There was therefore no reason to regard this remaining
amount as unaccounted for. In the result, I found that the entire amount of
$44,436.18 was accounted for by the first defendant.

29 The allegedly missing $200,000 arose out of the comment made by the
litigants’ younger brother, who reviewed the accounts in 1994, 1995 and when
the business was about to be transferred to the company, that a cash balance
of that amount, which existed in one set of accounts, had disappeared when he
reviewed another set of accounts. He asked the first defendant about that
amount but did not receive any reply. He also had a heated argument with the
first defendant over this accounting problem. However, he did not raise any
other concerns about the accounts. The first defendant had invited the
plaintiff to examine the accounts books but that was not taken up. The said
niece also did not allege that the accounts were not in order and there was no
allegation that the postings in the books had been altered by the first
defendant in any way.

30 The bank balance as at 31 January 1996 stood at $247,983.13. The first
defendant’s position was that the said $200,000 was part of that balance as it
could not be possible that such an amount in cash was lying around. The
realisation accounts of the partnership dated 1 May 1996 (which showed what
partnership assets would be taken over by the company) did not show that such
an amount in cash was taken over by the company. The company also did not take
over the bank balance of the partnership. The partnership’s bank statements as
at 30 April 1996 reflected only a balance of $60,699.17 and the accounts books
showed a balance of $42,812.12, the discrepancy being due to cheques having
been issued in April 1996 but which had not been presented for payment yet. It
was therefore possible that a person perusing the realisation accounts would
come to the view that some $200,000 was missing. The partnership’s bank
account had been used for various purposes relating to the business and it was
therefore entirely believable that the depletion in the bank balance, as
contended by the first defendant, was a result of paying wages, trade
creditors and other operating expenses. In my opinion, the $200,000 was
accounted for.

31  In summary, I found that the “cash at bank not taken over” ($44,436.18)
and the “cash balance deemed part of the assets” ($200,000) were accounted for
by the first defendant. Out of the $118,500.10 under “other debtors”, I found
that $88,239 taken by the other partners should be deducted as having been
accounted for, leaving a balance of $30,261.10. Although the first defendant
succeeded in most of the issues on appeal, I thought it right that I should
not exacerbate the brothers’ relationship further and therefore made no order
as to costs for the appeal.

First defendant’s appeal allowed in part with no order as to costs for the
appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

