Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Junaini bin Manin  
[2004] SGHC 200

Case Number | : | OS 493/2004, NM 40/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel John (John, Tan and Chan) for applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Junaini bin Manin   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted of
criminal breach of trust under s 409 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) –
Appropriate order to be made – Sections 83(1), 98(5) Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2001 Rev Ed), s 409 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

7 September 2004

Tay Yong Kwang J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an application by motion made by the Law Society of Singapore (“the
Law Society”) to a court of three judges to make absolute an order to show
cause under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the
LPA”). It involves another sad case of the court having to impose the ultimate
professional sanction on an advocate and solicitor.

**The facts**

2 Junaini bin Manin (“the respondent”), 46 years old, is an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore of some 18 years’ standing, having
been called to the Bar on 10 December 1986. He joined the firm of M/s Wong
Khalis & Partners and became one of its partners in 1990. In 1995, he formed
the partnership of M/s Junaini & Jailani with another advocate and solicitor.
In 1999, he left the partnership and became the sole proprietor of M/s Junaini
& Co.

3 On 9 June 2003, Suratemin bin Ali (“Suratemin”), one of the respondent’s
clients, lodged a police report alleging that the respondent had
misappropriated a sum of $789,200, representing the proceeds of sale of a
house which belonged to the said client’s late mother. Following this, police
reports were also lodged by four other clients alleging misappropriation of
their money by the respondent. On 28 August 2003, the respondent was arrested
and remanded.

4 Between August 2003 and January 2004, the Public Prosecutor preferred 13
charges of criminal breach of trust under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) against the respondent but subsequently proceeded on only five of
these charges. On 25 February 2004, the respondent pleaded guilty in a
district court to those five charges and agreed to have the other eight
charges taken into consideration for sentencing. He was sentenced by the
district court to a total of seven years’ imprisonment with the commencement
of the sentences backdated to the date of remand, said to be 25 August 2003.
However, the Statement of Facts (reproduced by the district judge in his
grounds of decision) supporting the charges stated the date of arrest and
remand as 28 August 2003. Nonetheless, nothing in the application before us
turns on this apparent discrepancy in the dates.

5 We now set out briefly the facts relating to the said five charges.

**_Facts relating to the first charge_**

6 The complainant was Suratemin, who was the legal administrator and one of
the beneficiaries to the estate of his late mother. On 6 March 1989, Suratemin
and the other beneficiaries entered into a joint venture agreement to develop
the plot of land that formed part of their late mother’s estate. This joint
venture agreement was later assigned to Heng Properties Pte Ltd (“HPPL”). A
civil suit over payment eventually arose between the beneficiaries and HPPL.

7 Sometime in 1991, Suratemin engaged the respondent to settle the dispute.
The respondent was then in the firm of Wong Khalis & Junaini. When the
respondent left that firm, he continued representing Suratemin. The matter was
later settled out of court. On 6 December 1996, the respondent received a
cheque for $789,200 from HPPL’s solicitor made in favour of his firm. He
deposited this cheque into the firm’s client account. However, he did not
disburse the money to Suratemin or the other beneficiaries. Instead, he issued
a cheque for $729,200 from the client account and deposited it into his
personal account.

8 On those facts, the respondent pleaded guilty to the following charge:

You, Junaini Bin Manin, Male 46 years, NRIC No: S1266992-E, are charged that
you, between the 6th day of December 1996 and the 11th day of December 1996 at
Junaini & Jailani Advocates & Solicitors, located at No 69 Geylang Serai,
Geylang Serai Malay Village, Singapore, being the attorney of one Suratemin
Bin Ali and entrusted with certain property, to wit, $789,200, being the
agreed settlement fee arising from an Originating Summon no 633 of 1995
against Heng Properties, did commit criminal breach of trust, to wit, by
dishonestly misappropriating a sum of $729,200 and converting it to your own
use and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 409 of
the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**_Facts relating to the second charge_**

9 Sometime around April 2001, Zahrah bte Jaafar (“Zahrah”) engaged the
respondent for the sale of her late father’s property. The respondent received
the sale proceeds of $1,200,002.20 from the buyer’s solicitors between 23
April 2001 and 30 October 2001, _via_ cheques and cashier’s orders made in
favour of his firm’s client account. Subsequently, between November and
December 2001, the respondent disbursed $1,030,524.90 to Zahrah and eight
other beneficiaries, $15,000 to his firm’s account as his legal fees and
$12,360 as commission to the housing broker. However, the respondent did not
disburse the balance sum of $142,117.30 to the beneficiaries. He dishonestly
misappropriated this sum between 23 April 2001 and 29 January 2002.

10 The charge against the respondent read as follows:

You, Junaini Bin Manin, Male 46 years, NRIC No: S1266992-E, are charged that
you, between the 23rd April 2001 and 29th January 2002, in Singapore, being a
practising advocate and solicitor and the sole proprietor of Messrs Junaini &
Co, and entrusted in the way of your business as an agent with dominion over
property, namely a sum of $142,117.30, entrusted to you by your client Zahrah
Bte Jaafar, did dishonestly misappropriate the said sum by converting it to
your own use and you have thereby committed an offence of Criminal Breach of
Trust As An Agent, punishable under Section 409 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224.

**_Facts relating to the third charge_**

11 Sometime in early 2003, Haji Syed Sultanul Aidin bin Abdul Mutaif (“Haji
Syed”) engaged the respondent for the sale of his property. Between 10 March
2003 and 10 May 2003, the respondent received a total of $220,331.24 from the
buyer’s solicitors. The respondent deposited this sum into his firm’s account.
He later issued a cheque for $130,000 to Haji Syed, a cheque for $3,267 being
his legal fees and another cheque for $260 to the solicitor representing the
mortgagee bank.

12 However, the respondent did not disburse the balance sum of $86,804.24 to
Haji Syed but instead dishonestly misappropriated this sum. The charge brought
against him was framed in the following terms:

You, Junaini Bin Manin, Male 46 years, NRIC No: S1266992-E, are charged that
you, between the 28th day of May 2003 and the 4th day of June 2003, in
Singapore, being a practising advocate and solicitor and the sole proprietor
of Messrs Junaini & Co, and entrusted in the way of your business as an agent
with dominion over property, namely a sum of $86,804.24, entrusted to you by
your client Haji Syed Sultanul Aidin Bin Abdul Mutaif, did dishonestly
misappropriate the said sum by converting it to your own use and you have
thereby committed an offence of Criminal Breach of Trust As An Agent,
punishable under Section 409 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**_Facts relating to the fourth charge_**

13 Sometime in September 2000, Leong Lai Chan (“Leong”) engaged the respondent
for her divorce proceedings against her ex-husband and for the completion of
the sale of her matrimonial flat. Eventually, the solicitors acting for the
buyer of the flat issued the final payment of $367,043.39 for the property
_via_ a cashier’s order and a cheque made in favour of Junaini & Co.

14 The respondent deposited this amount into his firm’s account. He later
issued a cheque for $50,000 to Leong and disbursed a sum of $15,000 being his
legal fees. However, he did not disburse the balance of $302,043.39 to Leong
and her ex-husband but instead dishonestly misappropriated it. For this, the
charge against him read as follows:

You, Junaini Bin Manin, Male 46 years, NRIC No: S1266992-E, are charged that
you, between the 18th day of February 2003 and the 30th day of June 2003, in
Singapore, being a practising advocate and solicitor and the sole proprietor
of Messrs Junaini & Co and entrusted in the way of your business as an agent
with dominion over property, namely a sum of $302,043.39, entrusted to you by
your clients namely Leong Lai Chan and Wong Fook Theem, did dishonestly
misappropriate the said sum by converting it to your own use and you have
thereby committed an offence of Criminal Breach of Trust As An Agent,
punishable under Section 409 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**_Facts relating to the fifth charge_**

15 Sometime in 1998, Surianah bte Ahmad (“Surianah”) engaged the respondent to
act for the estate of her late nephew. Following her nephew’s death, her
nephew’s employers applied for and obtained a sum of $100,000 from the
insurance company involved under the workmen’s compensation scheme. Two
cheques, one for $20.19 (being the _pro rata_ salary of the said deceased
nephew) and the other for $100,000, were then issued by the employers in
favour of Junaini & Co. These cheques were deposited in the firm’s client
account.

16 However, the respondent did not disburse the money to Surianah but instead
dishonestly misappropriated the money. For this, the charge against him was:

You, Junaini Bin Manin, Male 46 years, NRIC No: S1266992-E, are charged that
you, between 12th August 1998 and 22nd April 1999, in Singapore, being a
practising advocate and solicitor and the sole proprietor of Messrs Junaini &
Co, and entrusted in the way of your business as an agent with dominion over
property, namely a sum of $100,020.19, entrusted to you by your client
Surianah Bte Ahmad, did dishonestly misappropriate the said sum by converting
it to your own use and you have thereby committed an offence of Criminal
Breach of Trust As An Agent, punishable under Section 409 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

17 The respondent dishonestly misappropriated a total of $1,360,185.12 in the
commission of the five offences set out above. If the amounts stated in the
other eight charges are taken into consideration, the total that the
respondent misappropriated would be $1,682,929.55. There were altogether 12
clients who fell victim to the defalcation. The respondent used the
misappropriated money to pay for his housing loan, his vehicle loans in
respect of three cars, credit card bills and other personal expenses. There
was no restitution made by the respondent.

18 The district judge sentenced the respondent to the following terms of
imprisonment:

First charge  - four years and six months

Second charge - two years

Third charge - 18 months

Fourth charge - two years and six months

Fifth charge - two years

He ordered the imprisonment terms for the first and the fourth charges to run
consecutively, resulting in a total term of seven years.

**The show cause proceedings**

19 As the respondent was convicted of an offence involving dishonesty, the Law
Society, in accordance with s 94A of the LPA, made an application under s 98
of the LPA for the respondent to show cause why he should not be dealt with
under the provisions of s 83 of the LPA. The order to show cause was made on 6
May 2004 and the Law Society subsequently took out this motion on 11 May 2004
to make the said order absolute.

20 The respondent, currently serving sentence, was served personally in Changi
Prison on 17 May 2004 with a copy each of the affidavit filed in support of
this originating summons, the Order of Court dated 6 May 2004 and the motion
filed on 11 May 2004. By a reply slip dated 25 June 2004 addressed to the
solicitors for the Law Society, the respondent confirmed that he did not wish
to be heard by the court of three judges and that the hearing could proceed in
his absence.

21 Section 83(6) of the LPA makes it clear that a court of three judges must
accept the respondent’s conviction as final and conclusive. In _Law Society of
Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ [2004] 2 SLR 261, Yong Pung How CJ, in
delivering the judgment of the court, said:

6 The respondent was not represented, nor was he present to make any
submissions before us on this point. Nevertheless, by virtue of the fact that
this court must accept his criminal convictions as final and conclusive: _Law
Society of Singapore v Wong Sin Yee_ [2003] 3 SLR 209, there was little that
could have been said in this respect. Given that the offence involved
dishonesty committed in his capacity as advocate and solicitor, that, in
itself, was sufficient for this court to determine that due cause had been
shown under s 83(2)(a) of the LPA, which provides as follows:

Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character which makes
him unfit for his profession.

7 As such, the sole issue that concerned this court was the determination of
the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) of the LPA.

**Appropriate order to be made**

8 Where a solicitor has been convicted of a criminal offence involving fraud
or dishonesty, the court has almost invariably, no matter how strong the
mitigating factors, chosen to strike a solicitor off the roll: _Law Society of
Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696.

9 In this case, we saw no reason to depart from the norm. This appeared to us
to be a typical case of a solicitor who could not be trusted to keep his paws
out of the honey pot.

22 In that case, Loh Wai Mun Daniel, an advocate and solicitor of about 11
years’ standing, pleaded guilty to four counts of criminal breach of trust
under s 409 of the Penal Code and consented to have four other such counts
taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. In all, a sum of
$881,887.68 was misappropriated between 1997 and 2001. He was sentenced to a
total of four and a half years’ imprisonment.

23 In _Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb Charles James_ [2004] 2 SLR
256 (“ _Ezekiel’s_ case”), heard by the same court of three judges and on the
same day as _Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ , an advocate and
solicitor of 20 years’ standing was convicted, upon his plea of guilt, on one
count of criminal breach of trust under s 406 of the Penal Code. Three other
such counts were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. He
had made unauthorised withdrawals totalling $128,000 from the law firm’s
omnibus clients’ account and paid the money to the Public Trustee in order to
conceal his negligence in settling a suit in excess of the mandate given to
him by his client. He eventually made full restitution of the money taken by
him in this manner. He was sentenced to two weeks in prison. While
appreciating that he “did not set out to defraud his clients and that his
folly derived mainly from his negligence in settling a suit without mandate”
(at [11]), the court nevertheless ordered him to be struck off the roll.

24 These recent cases demonstrate that dishonesty committed in the capacity of
an advocate and solicitor is tantamount to professional suicide. It did not
appear to matter that the convictions in the two instances cited above were
under two provisions of the criminal law with very pronounced differences in
the possible maximum punishments. Section 406 of the Penal Code stipulates a
maximum term of imprisonment of three years or a fine or both while s 409 of
the same code allows the court to impose imprisonment for life or for a term
of up to ten years, together with a fine. It also did not seem to matter that
the actual imprisonment sentences meted out differed significantly in length
reflecting the respective severity of the offences, the amounts embezzled and
the personal circumstances of the advocates and solicitors in the cases in
question.

25 The settled position in such cases of proven dishonesty is, therefore, that
mitigating factors do not tilt the balance towards the more lenient sanctions
of suspension from practice for up to five years and of censure provided in s
83(1) of the LPA except where they are consistent with the objectives of
preserving the good name of the legal profession and of the protection of the
public (_Ezekiel’s_ case at [10]).

26 These were the mitigating factors that we could glean from the district
judge’s grounds of decision: the respondent was a first offender; he was the
principal breadwinner for his two families (a 17-year-old son from his first
marriage and a four-year-old son and a three-year-old daughter from the second
marriage); he pleaded guilty at the first instance and had co-operated with
the police; he had lost nearly half a million dollars in bad investments and
had committed the offences out of sheer desperation; he was remorseful and had
returned from Australia to face the music; his failure to make restitution was
not a deliberate ploy on his part but was due to impecuniosity; and he had
made social contributions to the community.

27 These factors have hardly any relation to the objectives mentioned earlier.
“The demands of life cannot be an excuse for dishonesty” (_Ezekiel’s_ case at
[14]). Further, he was certainly no first offender in the sense of having used
his clients’ funds on an isolated occasion only. The defalcation took place
over a period of about seven years involving 12 clients. The respondent
embezzled a huge sum of money and there is no prospect of him paying back the
same or any significant part thereof to his clients. He squandered most of it
on his extravagant ways, even maintaining three cars. Therefore, even if we
were to draw distinctions between cases of dishonesty in the discharge of
functions as an advocate and solicitor, the respondent’s case would have
qualified for the “worst case scenario” category anyway.

**Conclusion**

28 For the foregoing reasons, we were compelled to conclude that the
respondent was clearly unfit for the legal profession and should not be
allowed to remain on the roll of advocates and solicitors. We therefore
ordered that the show cause order against the respondent be made absolute and
that he be struck off the roll.

29 Counsel for the Law Society asked that the respondent be ordered to pay the
costs of these proceedings but added that he was not optimistic that the Law
Society would ever recover those costs. For this reason, he requested us to
fix the costs at any amount we deem fit as taxation of costs would only be a
further drain on the Law Society’s funds.

30 Costs of such proceedings are in the discretion of the court (s 103(3) of
the LPA). Even though this matter is probably academic, nonetheless, as a
small token of mercy for the respondent, we ordered only $3,000 as the amount
of costs payable by him.

Respondent struck off the roll and ordered to pay costs to the applicant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

