Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Newtech Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v BKB Engineering Construction Pte
Ltd and Others  
[2004] SGHC 61

Case Number | : | Suit 42/2003/N  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lawrence Lim, Chong Kuan Keong and Michael Chong (Chong Chia and Lim LLC) for plaintiff; Josephine Chong (UniLegal LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Newtech Engineering Construction Pte Ltd — BKB Engineering Construction Pte Ltd; The Asia Insurance Company Ltd; Cosmic Insurance Corporation Limited   
  
Contract – Remedies – Claim for work done under two sub-contracts – Whether
plaintiff successful in proving claim.  
  
Contract – Remedies – Liquidated damages – Defendant counterclaimed for
liquidated damages arising from delays under sub-contracts – Whether delays
attributable to plaintiff – Whether defendant successful in proving
counterclaim.  
  

27 March 2004 Judgment reserved.

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The action is between the plaintiff, Newtech Engineering Construction Pte
Ltd, and BKB Engineering Constructions Pte Ltd which I shall refer to as “the
defendant”. The other two defendants are insurance companies and were made
defendants because the plaintiff sought to restrain them from making payment
under performance bonds issued by them in favour of the defendant. As that
issue was dealt with in a separate hearing, these two defendants were not
involved in the trial before me.

2 The parties are contractors in the construction industry. The defendant was
a main contractor of the Ministry of Defence (hereinafter referred to as “the
employer”) for the construction of Phase 1 of the development of the Sembawang
Camp.

3 The defendant in turn entered into two contracts with the plaintiff to carry
out parts of the works that it had been awarded. These two sub-contracts were
dated 31 January 2000 and 18 April 2000. The first sub-contract was for the
construction of a box culvert. The second sub-contract was for external works,
essentially road works.

4 The plaintiff claimed that after it had carried out the sub-contract works,
as well as other variation/additional works requested by the defendant, there
was a sum of $376,944.99 inclusive of goods and services tax (“GST”) (or
$365,966 without GST) owing by the defendant to the plaintiff under the
statements of account between them.

5 In the course of the trial, the parties were able to agree on two figures
for the main items of the claim. They are (a) the amount payable for the road
works at $739,649.18 (a reduction of $104,851.94 from the plaintiff’s figure)
and (b) $275,500.00 paid by the defendant for material used by the plaintiff
(an increase of $57,500.00 over the plaintiff’s figure).

**The first sub-contract**

6 The box culvert works were completed by the plaintiff. The work was
originally scheduled to be completed by 31 May 2000. The date of completion
was revised to 10 November 2000 and the work was completed on 9 November 2000.
There were no complaints from the defendant of the late completion until two
years later, on 3 January 2003, when the defendant attempted to call on the
performance bonds furnished under the sub-contracts. (The plaintiff restrained
the defendant from doing that, see _Newtech Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v
BKB Engineering Constructions Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 73 which was affirmed on
appeal.)

7 There was a dispute over piling works for the culvert. This was not
specifically provided for in the sub-contract. The defendant offered the works
to the plaintiff as provisional variation works but the plaintiff declined to
take on the works. It is not the defendant’s case that the plaintiff was
obliged to accept the works or that the plaintiff was in breach of contract in
refusing them. The piling works were eventually done by another sub-
contractor, Leong Seng Hin Pte Ltd (“LSH”).

**The second sub-contract**

8 The second sub-contract was for the execution of road and kerb works. Some
parts of the works were subsequently omitted from the sub-contract.

9 The dispute between the parties is the cause of the delay in the works which
were done. The plaintiff’s case is that the works can be completed only after
mechanical and electrical and drainage works which were outside its scope of
works have been completed, and that delays in those works delayed its road and
kerb works.

10 The defendant on the other hand blamed the plaintiff for delaying the
works. It also claimed that it had actually overpaid the plaintiff, and that
it had substantial claims for liquidated damages arising from the delays under
both the sub-contracts.

**Breakdown of the plaintiff’s claim**

11 The defendant put up a “Breakdown of Plaintiff’s Claim” in its closing
submissions at pp 4–13. The breakdown was divided into five parts:

I. Box Culvert (First Sub-contract)

II. External Works (Second sub-contract)

III. Additional Works

IV. Abortive Works, and

V. Day Works.

The parties agreed on some items in the breakdown, and on the items on which
they cannot agree, they set out their reasons. I shall deal with each item
where there is an agreed variation in the amount claimed, or where there is a
dispute.

I. Box Culvert

The agreed sum for the first sub-contract is $437,328, representing an
_increase_ of $7,512.61 over the plaintiff’s original claim.

II. External Works

The sum agreed is $718,106, a reduction of $101,798 from the plaintiff’s
claim.

III. Additional Works

Item 2 – a retaining wall, for which the plaintiff claimed $175,050, and which
the defendant assessed at $144,540. The sub-contract provided a rate for walls
of 2m to 5m. The defendant claimed that was a mistake, and the rate should be
for walls above 2.5m, and unilaterally applied a reduced rate. The defendant
should seek a rectification of that term. As it did not, the full claim of the
plaintiff is allowed.

Item 4 – the plaintiff’s claim for $26,840 for an additional layer of weephole
and hardcore along the sides of a drain. The defendant asserted that the
employer’s contract drawings have referred to the “Code of Practice on Surface
Water Drainage” and “The Surface Water Drainage Regulations 1976” which
specify the weepholes and that the plaintiff’s own tender drawings had
provided for them. There is some uncertainty whether the claim was for work
over and above the requirements of the Code and Regulations, or whether they
were done to comply with them. As the onus is on the plaintiff to prove its
claims, I find that it has failed to do so.

Item 5 – there was a dispute for the construction of weepholes for retaining
walls. This dispute was over the rate to be charged. The plaintiff claimed a
rate of $22 per metre, as stated in its variation claim, but there was no
evidence that the defendant agreed to the rate. The defendant put forward a
rate of $12.65 based on the Fixed Schedule of Rates. I find that reasonable
and reduced this claim by $4,446.09.

Item 6 – the claim for raising the level of a drain. The plaintiff used the
rate of $43.65 per metre. The defendant asserted that the parties had agreed
that it should be subject to a 3% discount. The plaintiff explained the 3%
discount had been given on the initial rate of $45 and I accept the
explanation. There was also a dispute over the measurement of the works. The
plaintiff claimed 190m, whereas the defendant and its expert put it as 130m
without comment from the plaintiff. On the evidence, I accept the defendant’s
figure. This means a reduction of $2,619 to the plaintiff’s claim.

Item 8 – 1.5m box drain. The parties could not agree on the rate. The
plaintiff claimed $7,000 at the rate of $700 x 10m. The defendant halved the
rate on the basis that no rate was agreed. The plaintiff pointed out that the
parties have agreed to $555 for a narrower 1m drain. There is no basis for the
defendant’s figure and I accept the plaintiff’s rate of $700. Having done
that, I am unable to understand the claim for $7,900. That must be a mistake,
and it should be reduced to $7,000.

Item 12 – drain with mild steel grating. There is a dispute over the rate. The
plaintiff used $275 without giving the agreed 3% discount. The plaintiff also
conceded that no mild steel grating was installed. I accept the defendant’s
quantification and deduct $16,445.87 from this claim.

Item 14 – drain at car park. The parties have agreed to a reduction of
$3,485.00.

Item 15 – culvert drain with grating. There was a dispute whether the grating
was installed. The plaintiff did not show any proof it was installed. I allow
a reduction of $2,054.35.

Item 16 – drain with grating at car park. I accept that the 3% discount was
already given by the plaintiff, and there is no cause for a further reduction.

Items 17 and 18 – drain and reinforced concrete pipe. The difference here was
over the measurement of the drain and the pipe. By the plaintiff’s
measurement, the total price is $62,675 whereas it is $59,000 by the
defendant’s measurement. The plaintiff has not objected to the defendant’s
measurements. The price for these two items is to be reduced by $3,675.

Item 19 – manhole cover. The defendant contends that this forms part of the
original contract, but adduced no evidence to support that through its
witnesses. No reduction is to be made.

Item 20 – road kerb. The defendant reduced the plaintiff’s claim from
$3,333.08 to $1,618.00. The plaintiff did not object, so the claim is reduced
by $1,715.08.

Item 21 – reinforced concrete wall. The defendant reduced the plaintiff’s
claim from $200 to $100. The plaintiff did not object, so the claim is reduced
by $100.

Item 22 – scupper pipe. The defendant reduced the plaintiff’s claim from
$1,142.40 to $571.20. The plaintiff did not object, so the claim is reduced to
$571.20.

Item 23 – topping up of drain. The defendant disputed the plaintiff’s
entitlement to make this claim on the basis that it was caused by the
plaintiff’s own failure in construction but the defendant did not produce any
basis for its assertion. The plaintiff’s witness Ong Hin Leong had denied
that. I accept his explanation. No reduction is to be made on this claim.

IV. Abortive Works

Item 1 – Retaining wall. There is no dispute that the works were aborted on
the defendant’s instructions. The plaintiff conceded at the hearing that some
of the material can be re-used and valued that at $8,137.00. This sum should
be reduced from the claim.

Item 2 – extra pipes and manhole cover. The plaintiff explained that the
materials were of special dimensions and cannot be re-used. This claim for
$1,456.42 will stand.

Item 3 – change of kerb position. The defendant submitted that this was not
accepted by the employer, but without adducing evidence of the rejection or
the reason therefor. This claim for $1,656.00 will stand.

V. Day Works

There is a difference in the plaintiff’s figure of $12,739.38 and the
defendant’s figure of $10,739.38. The defendant disputed four items for which
the plaintiff produced delivery orders signed and stamped by the defendant.
The plaintiff’s claim is to stand.

After going through the foregoing items, the total amount to be deducted is
$138,433.95.

**_Reductions from the plaintiff’s claim_**

12 With that reduction there were three reductions to the amount claimed by
the plaintiff, that is:

(a) road works $104,851.94

(b) cost of material paid by _defendant_ $57,500.00

(c) final account _$138,433.95  
_ $300,785.89

These readjustments bring the plaintiff’s claim down to $65,180.11 before GST
or $67,135.13 with GST. There is a further reduction, which is dealt with in
[31].

**The defendant’s counterclaim**

13 The defendant’s counterclaim at para 23 of the Amended Defence and
Counterclaim is for:

(a) $360,000 as liquidated damages that the plaintiff caused the defendant to
suffer under the first sub-contract;

(b) $976,000 as liquidated damages under the second sub-contract;

(c) I do not understand this head of claim for:

[T]he replacement costs to engage a third party to carryout the abovesaid
External works had caused the Superintending Officer (S.O.) to deduct a sum of
$1,696,531.15 from the Defendants’ project account against the independent
Quantity Surveyor’s assessment of the External Works, which is based on the
contract schedule of rate, amounting to about $600,000.00, that is, the loss
and damages due to the Plaintiffs’ non-performance amounting to more than
$1,095,531.15 ($1,696,531.15 – $601,000.00).

This particular counterclaim was not followed up on; and

(d) $153,294.48 being the estimated sum the defendant incurred to engage other
sub-contractors to complete the external works left over by the plaintiff.

13 In the defendant’s closing submissions,[1] the counterclaim was recast to
include:

(a) Cost of removal of surplus earth generated by the Plaintiff’s works;

(b) Cost of materials purchased by the 1st Defendant on the Plaintiff’s
behalf;

(c) Cost of shoring work at box culvert;

(d) Cost of construction of transitional trapezoidal drain base at the box
culvert;

(e) Cost of desilting works to comply with enforcement action by the Ministry
of Environment [MOE];

(f) MOE fine due to Plaintiff’s damage to the existing silt trap;

(g) Cost of construction of temporary access at box culvert and [Land
Transport Authority] application for road opening due to late construction of
Plaintiff’s works;

(h) Damages for delay in construction and completion of Box Culvert Works; and

(i) Damages for delay in construction and completion of the External Works.

Items (c) to (g) were not within the pleaded counterclaim, but they may be
considered as reductions to the plaintiff’s final statement of account. Items
(e) and (f) were not dealt with in the submissions after they were listed.

**_Item (a) – Cost of removal of surplus earth_**

14 The parties agreed that the plaintiff’s work would generate 16,537.96m³ of
surplus earth, which would cost $237,180.17 to remove from the site, but they
could not agree whether the plaintiff or the defendant removed the earth, each
claiming that it did.

15 The evidence adduced did not clearly support either parties’ case. The
problem was that earth works were carried out at different areas and times by
various parties. The records produced to show the removal of earth lacked
particulars as to the party which generated the earth and the location at
which it was generated. The parties exchanged letters between September 2000
and January 2001, each requesting the other to remove surplus earth from the
site while denying having generated the surplus earth.

16 The project architect, Alfred Wong Partnership Pte Ltd (“AWP”) produced
some letters the defendant wrote in January–May 2001[2] to AWP and another
contractor, Sembcorp Construction Pte Ltd, to complain that the contractors
engaged in Phase 2 of the project were leaving excavated earth on the
worksite.

17 It was evident that the plaintiff was not the only party which generated
surplus earth, and that other parties have been blamed for it. Both parties
produced evidence from the parties they claimed to have engaged to remove the
surplus earth. Each complained that the evidence and documents presented by
the other were unsatisfactory and lacking in particulars. That was correct in
so far as the documents were inconclusive. There were unresolved doubts over
where the earth was removed from, which party had left it there and which
party had removed it.

18 In the absence of clear records and evidence, I find that the defendant has
failed to prove that it had paid for removing the plaintiff’s surplus earth.

**_Item (b) – Costs of materials purchased on behalf of the plaintiff_**

19 This has been agreed to and taken into consideration in my finding on the
final statement of account.

**_Items (c) to (g)_**

20 The defendant dealt with these items under item (h).[3]

**_Item (h) – Damages for delay in construction and completion of box culvert
works_**

21 Under the first sub-contract of 31 January 2000, the plaintiff was to take
possession of the site on 1 February 2000 and to complete the works by 31 May
2000. The work was in fact completed in November 2000.

22 The sub-contract provided that in the event of delay by the plaintiff, it
will pay liquidated damages of $2,000 a day to the defendant. The claim was
quantified at $360,000 in the Amended Defence and Counterclaim and changed to
$356,000 in the closing submissions, to cover 178 days between 30 May and 9
November 2000.[4] (The defendant did not explain why the period of delay was
taken to commence one day before the contractual completion date.)

23 However, the claim for liquidated damages for these works as pleaded in
para 13(j) of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim was that “the Plaintiffs
failed to complete within their 18 weeks’ schedule and caused the Defendants
to suffer LAD penalty cost of 6 months”.

24 As pleaded, this is not a claim for liquidated damages that the plaintiff
was liable to pay, but is a claim for compensation for liquidated damages the
defendant had to pay. Taken in this light, the defendant failed to prove the
claim because it did not show (a) that it had paid liquidated damages to the
employer, and (b) that the payment was caused by the plaintiff’s delay.

25 There are other issues beyond this pleading point. There was no dispute
that the work was not completed by 31 May 2000. The dispute was whether the
plaintiff or the defendant caused the delay.

26 The plaintiff’s case is that it was caused by the defendant’s delay in
doing the shoring and piling works. There was evidence that the plaintiff had
written on 4 April 2000 to complain that although the site was ready on 1
March the defendant’s sub-contractor delayed the shoring work and only started
work on 10 March, and that the piling work had not commenced.

27 In the closing submissions, the defendant asserted that the shoring work
was carried out late by the plaintiff.[5] However this ran counter to the
position it took in the Amended Defence and Counterclaim[6] and its opening
statement[7] that the defendant had to pay another sub-contractor to do the
works.

28 The defendant made the argument that the shoring and piling works were
within the scope of the first sub-contract, which included the ancillary and
related works necessary for the completion of the box culvert works. If that
argument is correct, then the defendant was inconsistent when it claimed for
the shoring works but not for the cost of the piling.

29 A further difficulty with the claim is that once the defendant had
appointed other sub-contractors to do the works, it cannot blame the plaintiff
for the delay, unless the plaintiff had so delayed the works that the
defendant could not get new sub-contractors to complete the works in time. But
that was not the case. In fact LSH was contracted to do the piling works on or
before the 15 February, barely two weeks after the first sub-contract was
signed on 31 January 2000. For the reasons stated, the claim for liquidated
damages fails.

30 The defendant also claimed under the first sub-contract:

(a) $11,745.34 which was incurred by the defendant for temporary shoring
works;

(b) $20,000 for the construction of temporary access due to late completion of
the box culvert; and

(c) $12,052.70 for the plaintiff’s failure to construct a trapezoidal drain
base and transition curve.[8]

31 In respect of claim (a), the plaintiff’s quotations of 19 and 21 January
2000 specifically excluded shoring from the scope of works. When the sub-
contract was awarded by the defendant to the plaintiff in its letter of 31
January 2000 the price for the box culvert was specifically stated to include
all ancillary and related works necessary for the completion of the works.
Shoring work came within that category of ancillary and related works.
Furthermore, the unit rate in the plaintiff’s quotation of 21 January was
$9,000, whereas the rate in the award was increased to $9,400. On the basis of
this evidence, I find that the shoring work was part of the scope of works of
the sub-contract. The defendant’s independent quantity surveyor had assessed
the costs incurred for the shoring works at $11,745.34,[9] and I accept it.
This sum is to be deducted from the sum due to the plaintiff under the first
sub-contract, reducing it to $53,437.77 without GST or $55,037.18 with GST.

32 Claim (b) was quantified at $20,000 in the closing submissions. No
explanation was given by any witness to support the figure, so this claim
fails.

33 With regard to claim (c), the plaintiff did not produce any evidence that
it or its sub-contractors had carried out the work and why it was brought down
from the original figure of $18,540.[10] The plaintiff cannot in these
circumstances seek to recover the $12,052.70 it claimed to have incurred.

**_Item (j) – Damages for delay in the construction and completion of the
external works_**

34 The defendant claimed liquidated damages for 488 days from 1 October 2000
to 31 January 2002. This period ran from the five and a half months for
completion from the date of the second sub-contract up to the date of the
handover of the works. The liquidated damages payable under this sub-contract
is also fixed at $2,000 a day.

35 The sub-contract did not provide any procedure for measuring and
determining delay. There was no process of certification or verification by
anyone in authority over the works.

36 In a large construction project like the Sembawang Camp project involving
multiple contractors, trades and stages of work, it is normal and appropriate
for there to be provisions for extensions of time. This was in fact applied to
the defendant which was given extensions of 171 days[11] by the employer,
assuming that there are no further extensions.

37 The defendant also impliedly agreed that the plaintiff was not responsible
for all the delays. It complained that other contractors were delaying the
mechanical and electrical works,[12] and that would have delayed the
plaintiff’s road works.

38 It was also established that the plaintiff had held back on completing the
final wearing course to the roads to avoid damage by other parties while their
works were ongoing, and to enable the final course for the roads to be
completed together to achieve uniformity of colour. That period cannot be
considered as delay because the plaintiff was instructed to hold back.

39 In the circumstances, delay cannot be measured simply in the way the
defendant did, and it should be construed to mean delay attributable to the
plaintiff.

40 Each party pointed to instances in parts of the works to support its case,
that there was delay, or no delay. Neither of them presented a case in respect
of all the works for the whole period of construction.

41 At the trial, the defendant called as an expert witness, chartered surveyor
H D Hansen. He took a different approach on the liquidated damages and arrived
at a figure of $303,000. He dealt with the road works in two parts and worked
out the defendant’s minimum entitlement to liquidated damages for the road
works as:[13]

Contract 2 – Road Works

Zone A1-A3 - 74 days (2½ months rate by their own admission)

Other Areas - 400 days (Total delay of 474 days _less_ 74 days)

Extension of Time - (171) days

Period of Delay - 229 days

Ascertainment - 74 days @ $2,000.00 per day + $148,000.00  
155 days @ 2,000.00 x 50% per day + $155,000.00  
Total = $303,000.00

42 He did not explain how the “total delay of 474 days” for the “Other Areas”
was arrived at (in his report he stated that the road works were delayed from
1 October 2000 to 31 January 2002), or why it is necessary to deduct from the
474 days the 74 days for Zone A1-A3. If there are two periods of delay for two
zones of work under the same sub-contract, the period of delay to the works
should be the longer of the two periods, not the difference between them.

43 No explanation was offered for setting damages at $2,000 a day for 74 days’
delay, but half that much for the other 155 days.

44 Counsel attempted to explain in the closing submissions, without the
benefit of further evidence, that:

In allowing a 50% reduction of the liquidated damages figure in the other
Zones, the 1st Defendant’s expert had in his assessment given the Plaintiff
the benefit of the doubt by assuming contributions to the delay by other sub-
contractors but had expressed the view that the Plaintiff’s contractual
obligations to co-ordinate their works with the Plaintiff’s progress made them
still liable for the delay.[14]

45 The surveyor did not give any reason for coming to the 50% reduction. If in
fact parts of the delay were caused by other contractors’ activities, he
should identify those activities and work out how much they contributed to the
total delay. Applying a general figure of 50% and giving “the benefit of the
doubt” do not add clarity to the matter.

46 I also do not understand the reduction of the 171 days from the 400 days to
arrive at 229 days. It shows that the surveyor accepts that extensions of time
apply to the sub-contract. But that has to be properly worked out. The 171-day
extension was given by the employer to the defendant under the main contract.
The extension to be given by the defendant to the plaintiff under the sub-
contract must be assessed separately because an extending circumstance that
operates between employer and main contractor may not operate between main
contractor and sub-contractor (and the converse also applies).

47 I find that the surveyor did not help the defendant in its claim for
liquidated damages.

48 In the circumstances, I find the defendant has failed to prove its claim
for liquidated damages under this head and that the defendant has failed in
all the counterclaims against the plaintiff.

**Conclusion**

49 The plaintiff is to have judgment for $55,037.18 on its claim with costs.
Although the judgment sum is within the jurisdiction of the Subordinate
Courts, the action would have been transferred to the High Court even if it
was filed in the Subordinate Courts because of the counterclaim. Therefore
these costs are to be High Court costs.

50 The defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed with costs.

  

* * *

[1]At page 17

[2]Goh Peng Thong’s Statement, pages 595, 603, 609, 612 and 614

[3]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 111.2

[4]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, page 38 para 37

[5]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, page 29 paras 7 and 8

[6]Annexure A, item (vi)

[7]Page 12, para 19

[8]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, page 38 para 37

[9]Defendant’s Opening Statement page 12 para 19

[10]Annexure A

[11]see eg DB1236

[12]see Goh Peng Thong’s Statement, “GPT-4”

[13]Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of H D Hansen p 29

[14]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, page 58 para 68

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

