Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Chor Pee & Partners  
[2005] SGCA 53

Case Number | : | CA 43/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Alvin Yeo SC (Wong Partnership), Andre Arul and Ling Leong Hui (Arul Chew and Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — Chor Pee & Partners   
  
Legal Profession – Remuneration – Solicitor proposing legal fee to client –
Client asking solicitor to cap fee on global basis – Solicitor reverting with
revised fee on lump sum basis – No reply by client to revised proposal –
Solicitor petitioning for leave to tax bill of costs – Client resisting
application on ground that agreement on legal fee existing – Whether any
agreement between solicitor and client on legal fee payable – Sections 111(1),
111(2) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

6 December 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The present appeal concerned the question of whether there was an agreement
between a client and a solicitor as to the fee payable in connection with a
contentious matter which the solicitor was to handle on the client’s behalf.
The appellant in this appeal was the client and the respondent, the firm in
which the solicitor was the senior partner. The judge below held that there
was no agreement between the parties as to the fees due to the solicitor and
that the respondent was entitled to have its bill of costs taxed. We heard the
appeal on 26 October 2005 and thought otherwise. We thus allowed the appeal
and held that there was an agreement that the solicitor would charge the
appellant a lump sum of $275,000 for attending to the contentious matter. We
now give our reasons.

**The facts**

2 Sometime in March 2003, the appellant, Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“Wee”),
approached the solicitor, Lim Chor Pee (“Lim”), to take over and handle the
on-going action in Suit No 834 of 2001 (“S 834” or “the action” as may be
appropriate), which was then part-heard. Lim agreed to the request. Before
this, the action was first handled by M/s Engelin Teh & Partners and then by
M/s Goh Aik Leng & Partners. In S 834, Wee was the plaintiff and was suing his
banker for misrepresentation, breach of duty and/or negligence in relation to
losses which he suffered on account of some foreign exchange transactions.

3 The trial of S 834 was resumed on 23 June 2003 and judgment was delivered on
8 December 2003, when Kan Ting Chiu J dismissed the action. Subsequently, Wee
unsuccessfully appealed (Civil Appeal No 1 of 2004) to this court.

4 We should add that in addition to acting for Wee in the appeal, Lim had also
acted for Wee in three other ancillary matters which arose from S 834. They
were:

a. the bill of costs of Thomas Sim, a witness in S 834;

b. a complaint by Wee to the General Council of the Bar of England and Wales
against Gerald Godfrey QC, whom Wee had thought of engaging to assist in S
834; and

c. bill of Costs No 112 of 2003, which concerned the costs order made in Civil
Appeal No 114 of 2002, which was Gerald Godfrey QC’s appeal against the
decision of the High Court refusing to admit him as an advocate and solicitor
for the purpose of acting for Wee in S 834.

We should, at this juncture, also add that before this court, Wee did not
seriously dispute that Lim was entitled to have the fees due to him in respect
of CA 1/2004 and the three ancillary matters taxed by the Registrar.

5 Soon after Lim agreed to act for Wee in S 834, they discussed the question
of fees. At 4.45pm on 2 April 2003, Lim sent Wee an e-mail with an attachment
(“the 4.45pm e-mail”). It was assumed by the parties at the court below that
the attachment to the e-mail was the following:

Fee Agreement between ASK Wee and Chor Pee & Partners

Global Brief Fee including all court attendances $275,000.00

Payable as follows:

1st instalment upon confirmation of retainer $ 50,000.00

2nd instalment upon filing Notice of Change of  
Solicitors and SIC to amend Statement of  
Claim on or before 30 April 2003 $ 50,000.00

3rd instalment on or before 15 May 2003 $ 50,000.00

4th instalment on or before 30 May 2003 $ 50,000.00

5th instalment on or before 15 June 2003 $ 50,000.00

6th instalment on or before 30 June 2003 $ 25,000.00

__________

Total  _$275,000.00_

This attachment will be referred to hereinafter as “the Attachment”.

6 Some 25 minutes later, Wee replied, also by e-mail (“the 5.10pm e-mail”), to
Lim in these terms, and it is necessary that we set out the two paragraphs.

I thank you for your proposal. Please let me know if you [are] prepared to cap
your professional fees and not on a per day basis because one of Davinder
Singh’s object is to take days over cross examination and if things are
allowed to go his way we will never be able to finish the case.

In the circumstances, I will be comfortable if we cap costs on a global basis.

7 At 7.12pm on the same day, Lim responded by e-mail to Wee’s request for a
lump sum fee in handling S 834, stating “[h]erewith revised fee agreement on a
lump sum basis up to conclusion of trial including any settlement or
discontinuance but excluding all court fees and disbursements” (“the 7.12pm
e-mail”). It was common ground at the trial that this “revised fee agreement”
was never sent to Wee (see [2005] 3 SLR 433 at [52]).

8 On the next day, the respondent issued an invoice to Wee for the sum of
$50,000 which was duly paid. On the following dates, further invoices were
issued by the respondent to Wee for various sums in relation to the action,
all of which were paid by Wee:

8 April 2003 $30,000

16 April 2003 $30,000

28 April 2003 $35,000

6 May 2003 $25,000

14 May 2003 $30,000

26 May 2003 $ 3,000

27 May 2003 $20,000

2 June 2003 $33,000

9 Lastly, there was the invoice dated 12 June 2003, where an entire account of
previous payments made by Wee to the respondent was given and where a balance
of $34,733 was claimed. This sum was also paid up by Wee. As this invoice was
of some significance in our evaluation of the evidence to determine whether
there was an agreement between the parties for a lump sum fee in handling S
834, we shall set it out _in extenso_.

Re: Suit No 834 of 2001R Disbursements Costs

To our fees $275,000.00

GST  _$ 11,000.00_

$286,000.00

Paid to-date _$253,000.00_

$ 33,000.00

_Disbursements_

1\. Record of proceedings $ 37.50

2\. Oath fees $ 90.00

3\. Book on capital markets $ 80.00

4\. Filing fee for Order of Court $ 109.50

5\. Anticipated filing fees

(within next few days) for

Appellant’s Case, Record of

Appeal and Core Bundle  _$1,000.00_

$1,317.00

6\. Photocopying, fax, phone

and courier charges, transport

and miscellaneous incidental $ 400.00

GST _$ 16.00_

$ 416.00

$1,733.00 $33,000.00

$34,733.00

10 Subsequently, there were communications between the parties as to the fees
payable by Wee to Lim in relation to CA 1/2004. Wee also agreed with Lim that
in connection with the preparation of the Appellant’s Case for the appeal, a
retired member of the Judiciary now in practice (“the consultant”) would be
consulted. The fees charged by the consultant, inclusive of the Goods and
Services Tax (GST), came up to $36,771.00. On 11 March 2004, Lim forwarded to
Wee the consultant’s invoice for the balance of $11,771 for payment. On 18
March 2004, Wee’s personal assistant (“PA”) faxed a note to Lim stating “Mr
Wee feels that [the consultant] did all the work. How about Mr Lim
contribut[ing] towards the costs”. Understandably, Lim was peeved by this
remark as he responded to the PA, stating that the consultant’s draft was
“based substantially on the draft Appellant’s Case which [Lim] prepared in
[December 2003] together with the discussions [Lim] had with [Wee]”. Lim
further added that if “Mr Wee does not appreciate [Lim’s] work – he need not
pay [Lim and Lim] will stop all further work”.

11 It was quite clear that Wee wanted Lim to continue to handle the appeal.
Thus, on 12 April 2004, Lim wrote to Wee in these terms:

For the avoidance of doubt, we would like to confirm the following terms of
our retainer:

1\. As regards Civil Suit No 834 of 2001R in respect of which we were
instructed to take over in the middle of the trial, the agreed fee was
$275,000 (which we have received).

2\. Our retainer for the appeal is $75,000 + GST (excluding disbursements)
provided that if party and party costs are recovered, we will be entitled to
render a further bill to the extent of such costs (less costs previously
incurred by you).

3\. The Written Submissions will be prepared by us in consultation with [the
consultant] who will approve the final draft (after considering your input).

4\. As counsel, my oral contribution will be based on the Appellant’s Case and
the Written Submissions.

5\. Kindly confirm the above by signing and [returning] to us a copy of the
letter.

12 Wee did not confirm as requested. Instead, he wrote on that part of the
letter on which his confirmation was requested the remark “No!!”. There is
another version of this document with the remark “No!! for what”. The parties
did not seem to say which was the correct version. The judge below seemed to
have taken the remark “No !! for what” to be that communicated to Lim (see [7]
_supra_ at [27]).

**The decision below**

13 The judge below held that in view of the fact that the attachment to the
7.12pm e-mail, which was to set out the lump sum fee, was never communicated
to Wee, and that there was no further communication from Wee, there could not
have been any agreement between Wee and Lim on a lump sum fee in the handling
of S 834.

14 The judge also felt that her views on the 7.12pm e–mail were fortified by
Wee’s subsequent conduct and here, she referred to the letter of 12 April 2004
(see [11] above) where Wee, on being requested to confirm the matters stated
therein commented “No!! for what”. She said (at [7] _supra_ [53]) that the
remark could only be “reasonably interpreted to mean he disagreed with the
entire contents of the letter”.

**Statutory provisions on fees**

15 Section 111 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”)
governs any agreement between a solicitor and client as to costs for
contentious matters. It reads:

111\. — (1) Subject to the provisions of any other written law, a solicitor or
a law corporation may make an agreement in writing with any client respecting
the amount and manner of payment for the whole or any part of its costs in
respect of contentious business done or to be done by the solicitor or the law
corporation, either by a gross sum or otherwise, and at either the same rate
as or a greater or a lesser rate than that at which he or the law corporation
would otherwise be entitled to be remunerated.

(2) Every such agreement shall be signed by the client and shall be subject to
the provisions and conditions contained in this Part.

(“s 111(1)” and “s 111(2)” respectively)

16 To better appreciate the scope and purport of s 111, it is necessary to
understand the common law position as well as the development of the English
statutory provisions with regard thereto. It should be noted that s 111(1) is
entirely permissive, enabling a solicitor to make an agreement with a client
in writing in relation to costs for a contentious matter.

17 Statutory provisions governing fees due to a solicitor would appear to have
been first introduced in England by s 4 of the Attorneys and Solicitors Act,
1870 (33 & 34 Vict c 28) (“the 1870 Act”). The state of the common law at that
point was alluded to by Fletcher Moulton LJ in _Clare v Joseph_ [1907] 2 KB
369 at 376:

At that date [_ie_ , as at the coming into operation of the 1870 Act]
agreements between a solicitor and his client as to the terms on which the
solicitor’s business was to be done were not necessarily unenforceable. They
were, however, viewed with great jealousy by the Courts, because they were
agreements between a man and his legal adviser as to the terms of the latter’s
remuneration, and there was so great an opportunity for the exercise of undue
influence, that the Courts were very slow to enforce such agreements where
they were favourable to the solicitor unless they were satisfied that they
were made under circumstances that precluded any suspicion of an improper
attempt on the solicitor’s part to benefit himself at his client’s expense.
But when it appeared that the agreement was favourable to the client, the
Courts often held the solicitor to his bargain, for there was no ground in
equity why they should be suspicious of a bargain of that kind.

18 Section 4 of the 1870 Act read:

An attorney or solicitor may make an agreement in writing with his client
respecting the amount and manner of payment for the whole or any part of any
past or future services, fees, charges, or disbursements in respect of
business done or to be done by such attorney or solicitor, whether as an
attorney or solicitor or as an advocate or conveyancer, either by a gross sum,
or by commission or percentage, or by salary or otherwise, and either at the
same or at a greater or at a less rate as or than the rate at which he would
otherwise be entitled to be remunerated …

19 In _Clare v Joseph_ , the English Court of Appeal rejected the argument
that, pursuant to s 4, no agreement as to remuneration between solicitor and
client was binding unless it was in writing. Lord Alverstone CJ explained (at
374):

[I]f the Legislature had been considering the question from the point of view
of affording protection to the solicitor, it would have used words importing
that an agreement in writing might be made between a solicitor and his client,
and not merely words which say that a solicitor may make an agreement in
writing. The scheme of the section is that it empowers a solicitor to enter
into such an agreement with his client, and this he might indeed have done
before the Act, and occasionally he might have been able to enforce it; when
this agreement has received the client’s signature it comes within the
machinery provided in the later part of the Act. In my view the section made
it necessary that an agreement should be in writing if it bound the client to
pay the solicitor on a different scale of remuneration from the ordinary
scale.

20 Fletcher Moulton LJ was also of the same view when he said, at 376, that s
4 was:

a purely enabling, and not a disabling, section, and the Court would not,
unless forced to do so, construe such a section so as to take away or alter
powers already in existence, except indeed by extending them.

21 Therefore, in _Clare v Joseph_ , which concerned a verbal agreement to take
remuneration at a lesser rate than the solicitor would otherwise have been
entitled to charge, the English Court of Appeal held that the solicitor could
not set up the defence that the agreement was not binding upon him because it
was not in writing. Similarly, in _Gundry v Sainsbury_ [1910] 1 KB 645, an
oral agreement on remuneration between a solicitor and a client was given
effect to at the instance of the party sued by the client.

22 Furthermore, in _In Re R G Thompson ex parte Baylis_ [1894] 1 QB 462 and
_Bake v French (No 2)_ [1907] 2 Ch 215, it was held that a document signed by
the client alone was sufficient to satisfy s 4 of the 1870 Act. It was not
absolutely necessary to have the solicitor’s signature as well. These two
cases disapproved of the decisions of Fry J in _Re Raven, Ex parte Pitt_
(1881) 45 LT 742 and Pollock B in _Pontifex v Farnham_ [1892] 62 LJQB 344
respectively, which held that for an agreement to come within s 4, it must be
signed by both solicitor and client.

23 The aspect of non-contentious business was taken out of s 4 of the 1870 Act
by the Solicitors Remuneration Act 1881 (UK) (“the 1881 Act”). The Solicitors
Act 1932 (UK) (“the 1932 Act”) repealed the 1870 Act and the 1881 Act but
maintained the separation of the two classes of business, contentious and non-
contentious. The 1932 Act was replaced by the Solicitors Act 1957 (UK) (“the
1957 Act”), which again maintained the separation. Section 59 of the 1957 Act,
which governed contentious business, provided:

A solicitor may make an agreement in writing with his client as to his
remuneration in respect of any contentious business … providing that he shall
be remunerated either by a gross sum, or by salary, or otherwise, and at
either a greater or a less rate than that at which he would otherwise have
been entitled to be remunerated.

It will be noted that the phraseology used in s 59 was similar to that of s 4
of the 1870 Act.

24 In _Electrical Trades Union v Tarlo_ [1964] Ch 720, Wilberforce J
reiterated the point made in _Clare v Joseph_ that s 59 (and also s 57 which
related to non-contentious business) of the 1957 Act were “superimposed upon
the common law”. There, he said (at 731) that:

[S]ection 59 preserves the position as established by _Clare_ v _. Joseph_ ,
and … a client may take advantage of a special agreement in contentious
business even though that agreement is not in writing.

25 Thus, in _Cordery’s Law Relating to Solicitors_ (Butterworths, 8th Ed,
1988), the learned author at pp 156–157 summarised the common law position
with regard to contentious matters as follows:

The common law enables a client to enforce a parol or written agreement which
is favourable to himself, e.g., an agreement by the solicitor to charge
nothing at all or less than his ordinary remuneration. Thus, it was a good
defence to an action by the solicitor that he had agreed to charge nothing for
his trouble, or to charge costs out of pocket only, or that the costs out of
pocket should not exceed a limited sum. …

The common law does not draw any distinction between written and unwritten
agreements where the client is seeking to enforce his rights, and it is
doubtful if it does so in the case of the solicitor, for whilst a special
agreement (whether in writing or not) was not binding on the client so as to
preclude the delivery and taxation of a proper bill, in the absence of a plea
of no signed bill delivered, the solicitor could recover in an action.

Thus the common law rights may still be of importance, not only because of the
client’s right to rely on an oral agreement but also because his opponent in
litigation (since costs inter partes are awarded as an indemnity) may desire
to do so.

26 It will be apparent that the phraseology of s 111(1) of the LPA follows
very closely that of the English provisions. It is thus an enabling provision
and is not intended to replace the common law. Indeed, s 111(1) essentially
reflects much of the common law position. In a sense, it can be said that the
provision is for the benefit of the solicitor as it means that upon the
solicitor ensuring that the written agreement has the signature of the client,
and in the absence of there being any vitiating factors, the solicitor will be
able to enforce the agreement against the client. In another sense, one can
also say that s 111 was enacted to protect the client, so that no agreement,
not even a written agreement, would bind the client unless the client
signified his consent thereto by his signature. However, the absence of the
solicitor’s signature would not preclude the client from enforcing it against
the solicitor. Section 111(2) enshrines that position. Accordingly, Tan Yock
Lin in _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia_
(Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998) states at p 685:

Section 111 has nothing to do with validity but is concerned only with
enforceability by the solicitor. Being an empowering section, it does not
affect the position of a client who sets up an agreement as to costs. Before
the enactment of section 111, a client could enforce an oral agreement as to
costs against his solicitor and that remains true after the enactment.

In other words, a client can enforce an oral agreement against a solicitor but
not the other way round.

**The present case**

27 In the present case, it was the client, Wee, who asserted that there was in
existence an agreement between the parties on fees in relation to S 834. Thus,
the absence of a written agreement bearing the signatures of either or both of
the parties was not material. The judge below had, quite rightly, approached
the question as to the existence of an agreement purely on the common law
basis.

28 While the parties had assumed that the Attachment was the document that was
enclosed in the 4.45pm e-mail, we entertained considerable doubt whether that
could, in fact, be the case. It would have been totally senseless for Wee to
send out the 5.10pm e-mail to ask for a lump sum fee if the Attachment was
indeed the document attached to the first e-mail. The contents of the
Attachment would not have evoked the sort of request made in the 5.10pm
e-mail. If the Attachment indeed came with the 4.45pm e-mail, Wee would have
either agreed to it or, if he did not agree, asked for a reduction of the
proposed global fee. To our minds, something was clearly amiss in the
assumption that the Attachment came with the 4.45pm e-mail. If the parties had
carried out a more thorough search, the correct attachment to the first e-mail
(_ie_ , the 4.45pm e-mail) might have been uncovered.

29 Be that as it may, while there was no reply to the 7.12pm e-mail, the fact
of the matter was that from 3 April 2003 to 12 June 2003, various sums were
invoiced by the respondent and paid by Wee which in total added up to the sum
of $275,000 (see [9] above). Of particular significance was the following part
of the 12 June 2003 tax invoice:

Re Suit No 834 of 2001R

To our fees $275,000

There was no assertion or indication that the payments made, and the final
payment to be made, were towards account of fees due to the respondent which
were yet to be determined. The way in which the various items were set out in
the invoice, inclusive of GST of $11,000 and disbursements, showed that it was
a final invoice in relation to S 834. The actions of the parties and the
invoice clearly evidenced that there was an agreement for $275,000 as the lump
sum fee due to the respondent in respect of S 834.

30 The next communication of significance was the letter of 12 April 2004
written by Lim to Wee (see [11] above). The respondent had relied on the
remark scribbled by Wee on this letter to contend that there was no agreement.
What seemed to us to be of utmost relevance was the first paragraph which
stated “As regards Civil Suit No 834 of 2001R … the agreed fee was $275,000
(which we have received)”. Of critical importance were the words “agreed fee”
and the fact that the fee of $275,000 had already been paid. The remark made
by Wee in response to the request for confirmation could hardly have meant
that he disagreed with the “agreed fee” of $275,000 which he had already paid
in accordance with the tax invoice of 12 June 2003. The remark obviously had
relevance only in relation to items 2 to 4 of the letter. Wee obviously did
not see the need to give any confirmation. After all, even in relation to the
fee for S 834, he had not given any written confirmation. His confirmation
came in the form of action: in paying what he had agreed. By April 2004, S 834
was over and done with, and the respondent had been paid. It would make no
sense to impute that Wee intended by his remark to question item 1 of the
letter. To give this remark the sense that Wee meant to reject even this item
would be completely unwarranted.

31 For the reasons above, we respectfully disagreed with the judge below who
held that there was no agreement between Wee and Lim as to the fee for
handling S 834. Accordingly, we allowed that part of Wee’s appeal with costs.
The security for costs was ordered to be refunded to Wee.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

