Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Saatchi & Saatchi Pte Ltd and Others v Tan Hun Ling (Clarke Quay Pte Ltd,
Third Party)  
[2005] SGHC 232

Case Number | : | Suit 2/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Yuk Lin (Foo Chia Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Subramaniam A Pillai (Acies Law Corporation) for the defendant; P E Ashokan (KhattarWong) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Saatchi & Saatchi Pte Ltd; Zenith Media Pte Ltd; KIV — Tan Hun Ling — Clarke Quay Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Negligence – Breach of duty – Damage caused to plaintiffs' property
after fire on defendant's premises spread – Fire allegedly caused by leaving
wok of cooking oil to heat on stove unattended – Defendant raising defence of
inevitable accident – Whether defendant's negligence causing fire – Whether
damage caused by fire foreseeable  
  
Tort – Negligence – Causation – Damage caused to plaintiffs' property after
fire on defendant's premises spread – Fire spreading due to build-up of grease
in exhaust ducts – Whether defendant liable for damage caused – Whether chain
of causation broken by omission of third party to clean exhaust ducts –
Whether third party liable for damage caused  
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Damage caused to plaintiffs'
property after fire on defendant's premises spread – Fire spreading due to
build-up of grease in exhaust ducts – Whether first plaintiff guilty of
contributory negligence for locating server room near exhaust duct  
  

15 December 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This is an action by the plaintiffs claiming damages against the defendant
in negligence for damage caused to the first plaintiff’s office premises,
furniture, fixtures and fittings as well as equipment belonging to both
plaintiffs. The first plaintiff is Saatchi & Saatchi Pte Ltd (“Saatchi”) who
is the tenant of #03-01, Block 3D, Clarke Quay, and the second plaintiff is
Zenith Media Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of the first plaintiff. The defendant is
Tan Hun Ling (“Tan”), the sole proprietor of Sin Lok Cuisine. At the material
time, Tan was the tenant of #01-03 located in Block 3D from where he operated
his seafood restaurant, which was then known as Hong Kong Seafood Place. The
defendant has brought in his landlords, Clarke Quay Pte Ltd, as a third party.
The trial before me was limited to the liability issue.

2 A fire started in the defendant’s kitchen on 13 November 2002. The
defendant’s kitchen was located on the second floor of Block 3D. Saatchi’s
office was immediately above the kitchen. The fire started sometime in the
morning. The exact time the fire started was imprecise but nothing turned on
this. The fire caused some sprinklers in the kitchen to be activated and after
20–30 minutes, the defendant’s cook, Lam Chee Keong (“Chee Keong”) managed to
douse the fire. By the time fire fighters from the Singapore Civil Defence
Force (“SCDF”) arrived at the scene, the fire appeared to have been completely
extinguished. In fact after some checks, SCDF was satisfied that the fire was
put out. Fortunately, the fire crew was still on site when someone reported a
fire in the building. According to Warrant Officer Azmi Hasan (“Azmi”), he
went to the third floor at about 12.00pm. Other witnesses, like Tan, recalled
someone coming into his restaurant to report a fire in Saatchi’s office at
1.00pm. Mohd Rizal (“Rizal”), the operations executive of the third party,
recalled going up to Saatchi’s office with the SCDF officers at about 1.00pm
or shortly thereafter. Azmi’s superior, Capt Alan Toh (“Toh”), arrived at the
scene at 1.15pm.

3 A fire was discovered in the first plaintiff’s server room at one corner of
the false ceiling. The fire was from the exhaust duct. Access to the rooftop
was through the first plaintiff’s office on the third storey. Burnt wooden
ventilation panels at the chimney area had fallen through the broken skylight.
The skylight was broken either by falling debris or roof tiles from the
chimney nearby or both. Nobody was certain about this but it was clear that
fallen hot debris had burnt through the ceiling board in the server room.

4 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that a wok with a quantity of cooking oil
was left on the stove to heat unattended. There was overheating and fire broke
out. At the hearing, Chee Keong confirmed that the same cooking oil that he
had used on previous occasions was being recycled for the morning’s cooking.

5 The defendant raised the defence of inevitable accident. In other words, the
fire was purely accidental. With that, the burden was on the defendant to
prove that the fire was accidental in that it was not deliberate or due to
negligence. It is the defendant’s case that the cooking oil suddenly
splattered and caught fire when it came into contact with the gas-lit stove.
Through Chee Keong, the defendant asserted that water had dropped into the wok
of oil and that caused the oil to splatter. Everything that happened was
beyond the control of the defendant’s servants or was unavoidable by the
exercise of any reasonable care or caution.

6 Mr Subramaniam Pillai for the defendant contends that Azmi’s testimony on
which the plaintiffs rely is hearsay, as the plaintiffs had not called the
kitchen hand, Lam Hai Seng (“Hai Seng”) to testify. The SCDF’s report dated 15
January 2003 identified Hai Seng as the person who had forgotten about the
cooking oil left to heat on the stove. Azmi’s testimony in this area is not
entirely hearsay. His investigations at the scene of the fire did not throw up
inconsistencies to contradict the story gathered at his interview with Hai
Seng as to how the fire started. The identity of the person who heated the oil
was not so relevant. Putting aside Azmi’s testimony, the evidence before me
still pointed to a lack of attention given to the cooking oil left to heat on
a lit stove to a point that it combusted. The plaintiffs’ expert, Low Eng Huat
(“Low”) explained that in the case of used cooking oil, the self-ignition
temperature is lower, which means that combustion takes place much sooner than
in the case of virgin oil whose self-ignition temperature is higher.

7 According to Chee Keong, his assistant cook “Henry” lit the stove to heat
the cooking oil on his instructions. Henry walked away from the kitchen after
turning on the flame and gas supply as Chee Keong had told Henry to go for his
lunch. Chee Keong also confirmed that he and Hai Seng were in the kitchen. The
rest of the workers were outside having their lunch. Chee Keong had his back
to the wok and his attention was directed at sorting out and preparing the
fish head for frying. Hai Seng was busy cutting the vegetables. Then a fire
broke out causing damage to the immediate surrounding areas of the stove.

8 Although Chee Keong was in the kitchen, he did not see how the fire started.
Chee Keong in his written testimony stated that he heard a splatter of oil and
as he turned around, the wok and the surrounding areas of the stove were
already on fire. In cross-examination, he departed from his written statement.
He also vacillated when it came to this incident concerning the alleged
splatter of oil which he claimed caused the fire. His testimony was
conflicting on two matters[note: 1]: (a) as to whether he actually saw the oil
splatter or he simply heard the splatter of oil, and (b) when exactly and why
he turned around from his worktable. Mr Pillai downplayed Chee Keong’s
inconsistent evidence, offering as excuses Chee Keong’s limited formal
education and the constraints associated with testifying in Mandarin, all of
which I do not accept as meriting any serious consideration. With the
different variations in Chee Keong’s answers, I find Chee Keong’s testimony on
the alleged incident involving a splatter of oil to be unreliable.

9 The plaintiff’s expert testified that some water could be found in used
cooking oil. As used oil heats up, a crackling sound is heard. That was as far
as the evidence went. If anything, in all probability, Chee Keong heard this
crackling sound which he mistook for a splatter of oil. For completeness, I
should mention that the defendant led no evidence to support his theory that
the splatter of oil was due to water dropping into the wok from either water
condensation at the cooker hood or water from the overhead sprinkler.

10 Mr Pillai argued it was not foreseeable that fire in the kitchen would
ignite oil residue within the exhaust ducting and cause such widespread damage
from hot debris falling through a broken skylight onto the false ceiling in
the server room. It was also not foreseeable that falling hot debris from
burnt wooden ventilation panels at the chimney would fall onto the skylight,
crack it and enable rain to ingress into the first plaintiff’s premises.

11 These contentions do not assist the defendant. The law is clear. The test
of liability for damage done by fire is the foreseeability of the injury by
fire. If a reasonable man would not have foreseen such injury, the defendant
would not be liable in negligence for the damage even though its servant’s
carelessness was the direct cause of the damage: see _Overseas Tankship (UK)
Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388. Once
the type of damage is shown to have been foreseeable, it is no defence to the
plaintiff’s case to assert that the full extent of the damage could not have
been foreseen or the particular method by which the damage was caused could
not have been foreseen: see _Hughes v Lord Advocate_ [1963] AC 837.

12 It is, or should be, known to a reasonable person that leaving anything on
a lit stove unattended poses a risk of fire or smoke damage. A person is
negligent if he does not foresee what a reasonable person in his position
would have foreseen in similar circumstances. _Sheik Amin bin Salleh v Chop
Hup Seng_ [1974] 2 MLJ 125 is an illustration of the same duty of care. In
that case, the court held that the failure of the defendant to have someone
keep watch over the premises until the fire had been put out or extinguished
was itself sufficient evidence of negligence. In this case nobody was actually
keeping an eye on the oil that was left to heat. A fire broke out causing
damage to the immediate surrounding areas of the stove. This was caused by
Chee Keong’s action in firstly allowing, and then leaving, the wok of oil to
heat unattended. As there were no plausible alternative causes of the fire,
Low opined that the oil in the wok must have been heated to a temperature
where self-ignition or boilover occurred. Once the oil ignited it would have
sustained a fire. A kitchen fire is not unexpected and it is therefore
necessary for any reasonable person to avoid in any way possible such an
occurrence and, secondly, to have in place measures to combat such a fire
should it occur.

13 I have no difficulty in finding that the act of leaving the oil to heat
unattended amounted to negligence for which the defendant is vicariously
liable. It was foreseeable that the wok left to heat unattended could become a
fire hazard. A reasonable person in the position of the defendant would have
foreseen in similar circumstances that if there was a fire and it was not
contained, it could spread to other units in the same building.

14 A question at this trial is whether the spread as opposed to the starting
of the fire was caused by any negligence on the part of the defendant. Was the
defendant responsible for the spread of the fire as opposed to its starting?
The acts of negligence pleaded related to the failure to take any adequate
step to prevent the fire from escaping and spreading to the first plaintiff’s
premises.

15 Even though the flames in the kitchen itself were doused, the fire was not
completely extinguished. The defendant, his servants or SCDF who at that time
were still on site, did not know of this fact. The whole section of the
exhaust duct was concealed – either boxed up by walls or part of it was above
false ceilings – so much so that any fire within the duct was unlikely to have
been noticed until sometime later when it had spread outside the duct. I do
not think this absence of knowledge excuses liability, if any.

16 I pause here to describe the layout of the exhaust ducting system. The
vertical section of the exhaust duct ran between two reinforced concrete
walls. The gap between the wall and ducting was 0.5m. Rizal confirmed that the
ducting could not be dismantled. There was an access point to the exhaust fan
on the third floor through a door in the first plaintiff’s premises which was
concealed by a movable partition. Rizal confirmed that it was not possible to
gain access from this door to clean the inside of the exhaust ducting. At no
time was the defendant shown the access door to the exhaust fan. Neither was
he aware that the exhaust ducting ran through the second and third floors to
the exit at the roof. The exhaust duct opening at the roof was enclosed within
a chimney with wooden louvres.

17 There is no evidence that the second fire had an independent origin. It is
accepted that the exhaust ducting was never maintained or cleaned by anyone
during the defendant’s tenancy. The premises were previously occupied and
operated as a Kentucky Fried Chicken (“KFC”) outlet until 1999. It was vacant
for about two years before the defendant took over the same unit. The third
party’s evidence was that the exhaust duct was not maintained by the landlord
during the time the premises were occupied by KFC and the defendant. There was
no evidence that KFC had in fact maintained or cleaned the exhaust duct.

18 Low confirmed that the fire in the kitchen was a sustained fire. A
sustained fire (as opposed to a flash fire which self-extinguishes) would
continue to burn either in the form of a flame or a smoulder and could cause
ignition of combustible material nearby. Low agreed with Mr Pillai that the
fire must have been sustained by oil deposits and residues that would have
been in the exhaust duct over the years. He opined that the fire at the
ceiling board in the server room was “most certainly” caused by ignition of
oil deposits and residues in the exhaust duct that was connected to the cooker
hood in the kitchen. He explained that a sustained fire of the nature
experienced in this case heated the aluminium filters and exhaust duct that
were directly over the cooker hood and caused the oil deposits and residues to
ignite. The fire was undisputedly intense. It was not disputed that the edges
of the aluminium filters had melted under the cooker hood.

19 On the evidence before me, I had no difficulty accepting that firstly, the
fire that started at the stove area was not completely extinguished and
secondly, that the later fire was a development of the original fire in the
defendant’s kitchen. The fire started in the kitchen and it continued to
smoulder and develop unseen inside the exhaust duct works, eventually slowly
spreading to the chimney at the rooftop.

20 It cannot be denied (and it was not) that deposits of grease and cooking
oils occur in the body of the duct works as the vaporised grease and cooking
oils condense in the cooler part of the system. Accumulation of grease and
cooking oils can develop over time presenting, as Low indicated, a significant
fire risk. I generally accept the evidence before me that accumulated grease
(and cooking oils) within an exhaust system forms a hidden combustion load.
Under certain circumstances, flames or very high temperature within the
exhaust duct can ignite the grease causing fire to spread through the exhaust
duct. I find that flame and heat within the exhaust duct can and did ignite
surrounding materials at various points along the path of the ducting. From
the evidence, the exhaust fan was badly damaged. Low testified that the fire
must have been sustained at that area to have melted the aluminium fan blades.
Beyond the exhaust fan, the flame or heat within the exhaust duct ignited oil
deposits along the path of the duct works upwards to the roof. Toh testified
that when he first looked into the space created by the false ceiling board in
the server room, he noticed smouldering wooden structures which he later
realised were part of the exhaust duct system. Hot debris from the burnt
chimney louvres fell through the broken skylight and landed on the ceiling
board in the first plaintiff’s server room. The third party did not dispute
that the hot debris were from the chimney louvres. In my judgment, I find that
the fire in the false ceiling was caused by the fire in the kitchen which
developed unseen in the exhaust duct in the aforementioned manner.

21 The cleaning cycle in the kitchen was a twice-a-week routine every Monday
and Friday. Chee Keong spoke of a twice-a-week cleaning regime of the cooker
hood and grease filters with detergent. The filters would be dismantled for
washing. Chee Keong would clean just the duct opening as he could reach no
further into the exhaust duct works which were narrow and dark. In other
words, he did not clean the inaccessible areas. According to the defendant,
there was no cleaning of the exhaust duct works by cleaning specialists, as it
was not the responsibility of the defendant to see to that. The third party,
on the other hand, disclaimed responsibility for cleaning, pointing instead to
the defendant since part of the exhaust duct works passed through the void
space above the false ceiling of the defendant’s unit and thus formed part of
the demised premises. The exhaust duct works system as built was not provided
with access panels of sufficient number and size to enable unrestricted access
for regular cleaning and inspection of the internal surfaces and in-line
components. Neither the defendant nor the third party called a specialist
cleaner of ventilation systems of this nature to testify on the relevant
cleaning regime.

22 Chee Keong, in cleaning as far as he could reach into the exhaust duct
while standing on the stove, was no doubt aware that some part of the interior
of the duct should be cleaned. He confirmed that he did run his hand over the
top of the cooker hood but that he could not get his hand further because of
the narrowness of the opening. As far as the evidence went, some cleaning was
done. His testimony on limited access was not challenged. Rizal concurred that
the defendant’s obligation was to clean as far as he could reach and see
visible deposits of oil and grease.

23 It is a matter of common sense that cleaning on a regular basis only means
that a build-up of any amount of grease within the cooker hood is minimised.
As of the day of the fire, the cooker hood and filters, including the exhaust
duct opening, were last cleaned on a Monday. By reference to the situation at
the time of the fire (the fire happened on a Wednesday after the last clean-up
of the cooker hood and filters on Monday), it is not an unreasonable or an
implausible deduction that there would have been some grease residue on or
under the cooker hood from the previous day’s cooking. I find that a key
component in the spread of the fire was some element of grease or oil under
the hood and the pre-existing grease and oil deposits inside the exhaust duct.
In my judgment, the type of damage was foreseeable.

24 Mr Pillai argued that the chain of causation that led to the fire was
broken because the accumulation of grease and cooking oils which had developed
within the ducting was due to the failure of the third party to maintain and
clean it. He submitted that the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant should
accordingly be dismissed.

25 When considering whether a particular event has operated to break the chain
of causation, I refer to Lord Reid’s speech in _Home Office v Dorset Yacht Co
Ltd_ [1970] AC 1004 at 1027–1028:

And I must consider to what extent the law regards the acts of another person
as breaking the chain of causation between the defendant’s carelessness and
the damage to the plaintiff.

There is an obvious difference between a case where all the links between the
carelessness and the damage are inanimate so that, looking back after the
event, it can be seen that the damage was in fact the inevitable result of the
careless act or omission and not a case where one of the links is some human
action. …

On the other hand, if human action (other than an instinctive reaction) is one
of the links in the chain it cannot be said that, looking back, the damage was
the inevitable result of the careless conduct. No one in practice accepts the
possible philosophical view that everything that happens was predetermined.
Yet it has never been the law that the intervention of human action always
prevents the ultimate damage from being regarded as having been caused by the
original carelessness. The convenient phrase novus actus interveniens denotes
those cases where such action is regarded as breaking the chain and preventing
the damage from being held to be caused by the careless conduct. But every day
there are many cases where, although one of the connecting links is deliberate
human action, the law has no difficulty in holding that the defendant’s
conduct caused the plaintiff loss.

26 Potter J in _Crown River Cruises Ltd v Kimbolton Fireworks Ltd and London
Fire & Civil Defence Authority_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 533, in referring to the
above speech, accepted and observed that it was more difficult to establish a
break in the chain of causation when the event relied on was an inanimate act,
or the omission of a third party which formed one of the links between the
negligent conduct and the damaged complained of. The present case falls into
this situation. It does not matter, as far as the plaintiff is concerned, who
has the responsibility to maintain the exhaust duct works. The fact of the
matter is that the duct works were not cleaned and maintained and, as I have
found, there was an accumulation of grease and oil deposits along the duct
works. Even if the cleaning of the duct works was the responsibility of the
third party and the third party did not do so, I do not think that that should
break the chain of causation. The development of the fire was an inanimate
physical process within the duct works unseen by anyone. The duct works had
deposits of grease and oil accumulated over the years. The original fire for
which the defendant is liable is the causal link to the resultant fire at the
first plaintiff’s premises.

27 In my judgment, the whole sequence of events as discussed was a natural and
probable consequence of the defendant’s negligence and a reasonably
foreseeable result of it. The defendant is liable in damages to the plaintiffs
in respect of damage caused to the premises, furniture, fittings, fixtures and
equipment. The skylight was damaged in the fire. I find that the fire in the
server room was reported to SCDF at 1.00pm or shortly thereafter. Toh arrived
at about 1.15pm. Whether or not Toh was involved in the fire-fighting efforts
from the rooftop, the fact of the matter was that as late as 1.15pm, the fire-
fighting efforts were still ongoing. That period of time coincides with the
evidence from the officer from the meteorological department that the heaviest
rainfall that day was between 1.00pm to 2.00pm. Although Azmi directed the
computers to be covered, he was in no position to testify that his orders were
carried out. He was out of the room and had gone up to the roof. Rizal
testified that the computers were covered after the fire was put out. That
evidence sounded more plausible (and I accept his testimony) as I cannot
imagine that anyone would want to remain in the office with a fire in one of
the rooms to save some equipment instead of their own lives. Chong Tat Ming
from the plaintiffs said that the staff had vacated the premises. So did Tan
and his staff on the floor below. Twenty minutes later, Tan was summoned by
SCDF to view the damage in the server room. He was shown the server room where
he saw some of the computers in the server room damaged by fire. On the claim
for damage to property outside the server room, I agree with Ms Foo’s
submission that if the roof of a building was damaged by fire and property
exposed to rain was damaged by the rain, it could not be argued that such wet
damage was not foreseeable as a natural and probable consequence of the fire.

28 There is no merit in the defendant’s allegation that the first plaintiff
was guilty of contributory negligence in locating the server room near the
exhaust duct. As Ms Foo submitted, the first plaintiff occupied the premises
first since 1997 whereas the defendant took up the lease which only commenced
in August 2001. Dawn Tan of the third party testified that KFC was still
occupying the unit below when the first plaintiff moved in. Regardless of who
was in occupation first, the fallacy of the argument lies in the failure to
recognise the first plaintiff’s entitlement to have use and quiet enjoyment of
the rented premises. In fire cases grounded on private nuisance, the essence
of the tort is the protection of a tenant who has possession of the unit to
enjoy his premises undisturbed: see _Epolar System Enterprise Pte Ltd v Lee
Hock Chuan_ [2003] 2 SLR 198 at [10] approving a passage in _Clerk & Lindsell
on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 1995) at 889 which states that the
essence of nuisance is a condition or activity which unduly interferes with
the use or enjoyment of land. A parallel reasoning applies where negligence is
pleaded.

29 I now turn to the terms of the letter of 30 May 2001 and tenancy agreement
dated 30 July 2001. Mr P E Ashokan for the third party has argued that the
defendant was contractually obliged to maintain and clean the exhaust duct. He
relied on the principal terms and conditions in the letter of offer, in
particular para 1(14)(c) read with sub-para (20), which expressly states that
the principal terms are part of the lease. Paragraph 1(14)(c) reads:

You shall be responsible for cleaning and maintaining to a hygienic standard
acceptable to the Landlord all air-ducting equipment and pipes, the
cookerhoods or any other air-cleaning device in the Demised Premises.

30 Mr Ashokan argued that “air-ducting equipment” and “other air-cleaning
device” readily included the exhaust duct. He submitted that in the mind of
both parties to the contract “air-cleaning device” must be referable to the
exhaust duct since the defendant wanted a ready equipped restaurant and the
third party’s Emily Fong had told him that the place had the approval of the
authorities to operate as a restaurant. He argued that juxtaposed with the
word “cookerhoods” are the terms “air-ducting equipment” and “other air-
cleaning device” by which the parties intended to refer to the exhaust duct.
Mr Pillai contended that “air-ducting equipment” or “air-cleaning device”
would refer to exhaust hoods and air conditioning units.

31 The third party has in its letter used a comma after the word “pipes” and
“air-ducting equipment and pipes” should be read together. What follows next
are “cooker hoods” _or_ (not _and_) “any other air-cleaning device”. The use
of the preposition “or” instead of “and” and “any other air-cleaning device”
means other types of “cleaning devices” namely air-cleaners.

32 As a matter of common usage, the term “air-ducting” is usually referable to
air-ducting for in-flow of fresh air for an environment where ventilation is
inadequate or poor. I note from the mechanical ventilation air-flow schematic
diagram for Block 3D[note: 2] that there is a kitchen supply fan (marked
“KSF”) for the supply of fresh air at the third storey and there is evidence
of a fresh air ducting running adjacent to the exhaust ducting located at the
third storey next to Saatchi’s reception area, which was damaged in the fire
and was replaced by Belfor-Relectronic (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The fresh air
ducting (6m in length) was next to the exhaust duct within the exhaust riser.

33 In my judgment, the phrase “air-ducting equipment and pipes” refers to the
fresh air ducting and fresh air supply fan. At any rate, these are not located
within the defendant’s premises.

34 On the other hand, air cleaning devices (air filters and air cleaners) are
designed to remove or reduce indoor air pollutants. Most air cleaners remove
particles such as dust and allergens from the air, a few remove gases (and
odours) and some do both. The court can take judicial notice of the types of
air cleaners on the market: mechanical filters, electronic air cleaners and
ion generators. I would regard the words “cooker hoods or any other air-
cleaning device in the demised premises” in broad terms as referable to air-
cleaners. The cooker hoods come with filters to trap the grease from cooking
and in this case, the cooker hood in the kitchen has removable filters as Chee
Keong had testified. The exhaust duct is designed to extract air and fumes
from a confined space, such as the kitchen, to the outside atmosphere. The
cooker or exhaust hood caps the exhaust duct to prevent expelled air from
returning into the kitchen. Most exhaust systems consist of an exhaust fan,
ducting and an exterior hood. In this particular kitchen exhaust system, the
fan and fan motor were not in the exhaust hood. The exhaust hood (cooker hood)
used an in-line fan, which was in the exhaust duct. The fan and motor were
found on the third floor. The word “KEF” stands for kitchen exhaust fan and it
is shown on the mechanical ventilation air-flow schematic diagram to be
located on the third floor.

35 The only word that is relevant is “cookerhoods” and that is directed at the
exterior hood and not the rest of the exhaust system in use, which in this
case would be the fan, fan motor and duct works. My conclusion is reinforced
by the undisputed testimony of Tan that before he signed the lease, he was not
shown the whereabouts of the motor fan and ducts.

36 The words “any other air-cleaning device” refer to any other air cleaners
like the ones I have indicated as being available in the market; the exhaust
duct in itself is not such a device. I agree with Mr Pillai that the third
party could have been specific in its letter of offer by stating like it did
in the letter to KFC that the defendant was required to maintain the “exhaust
hood, exhaust duct, and motor fan at the demised premises”. In other words,
the letter ought to have mentioned the exhaust system. I do not accept Mr
Ashokan’s contention that the third party’s letter to KFC dated 21 November
1995 has probative value against the defendant. The differences in drafting
showed up when compared with the KFC letter. As for the letter of offer to
Tan, I would construe any ambiguity there against the third party on the basis
that these were its words. If the third party had wanted the defendant to
clean the whole of the exhaust duct it would, as Mr Pillai submitted, have
been very easy for the third party to have drafted a condition that said so.
If the third party had wanted to, it could have indicated the cleaning
obligation at the start of the vertical duct attached to the cooker hood.
Since it did neither of these things, then had I any doubt about it, I would
construe the provision against the third party.

37 As I have indicated, the terms in the letter are the principal terms and
they override the standard and general clauses in the lease. It seems to me
that if the special terms do not effectively impose on the defendant the
obligation to clean and maintain the exhaust duct, the general terms, in my
judgment, would not be capable of achieving a different and more favourable
result.

38 On a different note, the general and standard clauses relied upon do not
provide the third party with a complete defence to the third party action. Mr
Pillai quite rightly cited _Hong Realty (Pte) Ltd v Chua Keng Mong_ [1994] 3
SLR 819 for the proposition that exemption clauses must be construed strictly
and this means that their application must be restricted to the particular
circumstances that the parties had in mind at the time the parties entered
into that contract.

39 My reasons as to why the standard clauses in the tenancy agreement relied
upon by Mr Ashokan do not assist the third party are as follows:

(a) Clause 2(12) refers to internal fan coil units at the demised premises.
That clause does not and cannot be referable to the exhaust motor and fan
located outside of the premises.

(b) Clause 2(18) deals with the obligation to maintain in good tenantable
repair and decorative order and condition the flooring, interior plaster and
other surface materials including fixtures thereon. That clause also makes
reference to “installation and fittings for light and power”. The exhaust duct
is outside the scope of this clause.

(c) Clause 2(19) is to keep the demised premises in a clean and hygenic
condition. The reference to “all pipes, drains, basins, sinks and water
closets if any in demised premises” by definition cannot include the exhaust
duct which, as I have said, is designed for a different purpose. The reference
to “pipes” in cl 2(19) is not to an exhaust duct.

(d) Clause 2(31) is drafted in general terms imposing an obligation to keep
the demised premises and all “fixtures, fittings, installation and appliances
therein in a safe condition by adopting all necessary measures to prevent any
outbreak or occurrence of fire in the demised premises”. Mr Ashokan argues
that those general words include the “exhaust duct”. I cannot see how this
interpretation is sustainable in the light of my observations concerning the
special clause in [29]–[37] above.

(e) Clause 2(34) is an indemnity clause aimed at claims, actions and demands
by parties other than the defendant against the landlord. Here, the plaintiff
did not join the third party as a defendant. Moreover, the clause made no
reference to negligence or any synonym for it. Even if the clause covered
claims by the defendant, the word “indemnity” is of no assistance as I have
found that the third party was also guilty of negligence in not maintaining
the exhaust duct works. There is a presumption in law that an indemnity would
not be readily granted to a party against a loss caused by its own negligence.

(f) The proviso in cl 3(4) does not help the landlord. In this case, no
cleaning was ever done by the landlord. This clause excludes liability for the
landlord’s cleaning contracts, agents and/or licensees.

(g) Clause 4(6) is aimed not at injury and damage or loss to property, goods,
chattels belonging to another tenant like the first plaintiff. The language of
the clause is directed at the defendant and “licensees” as can be seen from
the words “to others who may be permitted to enter or use the Building and/or
Clarke Quay”.

(h) Clause 4(7)(a) relates to the interruption of services agreed to be
provided by the landlord. Clause 4(7)(b) does not apply as there was no
cleaning done at all by the landlord as admitted. Clause 4(7)(c) is also
inapplicable

40 The defendant took out third party proceedings against his landlord for an
indemnity based on negligence. In deciding this issue I am required to have
regard to questions both of causation and culpability. Whilst the rules of
causation are such that the defendant cannot avoid liability in full to the
plaintiffs, what is the culpability as between the defendant and the third
party? I have already dealt with the contractual terms and they do not assist
the third party. There is contributory negligence on the part of the third
party in relation to the spread as opposed to the starting of the fire. Such a
spread was the very risk that the third party had a duty to guard against and
had the third party not been negligent (on account of the accumulated grease
and oil deposited in the exhaust duct) the fire damage would have been
minimised and probably confined to the defendant’s premises. This view is
reinforced by evidence of the sustained fire at the fan motor on the third
floor. With respect to the third party proceedings, I find that the third
party must take some share of the relative blame. I apportion liability
equally between the two of them.

41 Accordingly there will be judgment and costs for the plaintiffs with
damages to be assessed by the Registrar. The third party is to indemnify the
defendant to the extent of the third party’s share of the damages assessed at
50% and pay the defendant’s costs of defending the plaintiff’s action and
third party proceedings.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence pages 139, 140, 141, 148, 163, 164

[note: 2]2AB211

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

