Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
[2005] SGCA 14

Case Number | : | CA 88/2004, NM 117/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Goh (Ari, Goh and Partners) for the appellant / applicant; Ashok Kumar, Eugene Thuraisingam and J Sathiaseelan (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ong Cheng Aik — Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)   
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time – Appellant timeously filing notice of
appeal – Appellant's application for extension of time to file record of
appeal dismissed by single judge Court of Appeal – Appellant appealing to full
Court of Appeal – Whether court should grant extension of time – Applicable
principles – Order 57 r 9(1) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

16 March 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was a notice of motion filed by the appellant, Ong Cheng Aik, asking
for an extension of time to file his Record of Appeal, Core Bundle and the
Appellant’s Case in relation to his appeal in Civil Appeal No 88 of 2004. We
heard the motion on 21 February 2005 and granted the application for the
reasons which follow.

**The background**

2 The respondent, which was the plaintiff in the action below and then under
liquidation, sued the appellant for breaches of fiduciary duties as its
managing director in relation to certain transactions. On 2 September 2004,
the trial judge found the claim proven and ordered the appellant to pay
US$598,695.37 as damages, plus interest and costs. On 17 September 2004, the
appellant filed a notice of appeal against the judgment.

3 By way of a notice from the Registry, the appellant was informed that,
pursuant to O 57 r 9(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), he
was required to file the Record of Appeal, Core Bundle and Appellant’s Case
(for convenience they will hereinafter be referred to collectively as “the
Record of Appeal”) relating to his appeal within two months thereof, _ie_ , by
22 November 2004.

4 However, three days before the expiry date, on 19 November 2004, the
appellant filed a notice of motion (Notice of Motion No 114 of 2004) seeking a
21-day extension for him to file the Record of Appeal. On 26 November 2004,
the motion came before Woo Bih Li J, sitting as a single judge of the Court of
Appeal pursuant to s 36(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), and he dismissed the application with costs.

5 On 29 November 2004, pursuant to s 36(3) of the SCJA, the applicant filed
the present motion seeking a review by a full quorum of the Court of Appeal of
the decision of the single judge.

**Reasons for the application**

6 We now turn to the reasons advanced by the appellant to explain why he
needed an extension of time to file the Record of Appeal. The trial of the
action giving rise to the judgment under appeal lasted 19 days in three
tranches. The first two tranches took place in 2002 and the third in 2003.
During the first two tranches the appellant was represented by Mr Michael Khoo
SC (“Mr Khoo”). At the third tranche, Mr Francis Goh (“Mr Goh”) took over from
Mr Khoo. The appellant was informed by Mr Goh of the Registry’s notice
requiring him to file the Record of Appeal by 22 November 2004. As the
appellant felt that he needed the best help to argue his appeal, he told Mr
Goh not to act on the appeal and immediately set about trying to engage a
Senior Counsel. He approached some of them. The problems that apparently stood
in the way of those Senior Counsel acting for him were either unavailability
due to other commitments or shortness of time to consider the case and prepare
the Record of Appeal. The professional fees expected by them was another
reason. As at 12 November 2004, a Senior Counsel was still pondering whether
to take up the brief. By 16 November 2004, when the appellant did not receive
a positive reply from the Senior Counsel, he went back to Mr Goh, who, in view
of the shortness of time remaining to file the Record of Appeal, advised him
to apply for an extension of time. This gave rise to the application in NM
114/2004.

7 It was true that on 14 October 2004, the appellant had instructed Mr Goh to
apply for a stay of execution of the judgment. However, in the circumstances,
we could not see who else the appellant could go to make the stay application.
This could hardly mean that he did not seriously want a Senior Counsel to
argue his appeal.

**Applicable considerations**

8 This court has in several cases laid down the factors which the court should
take into account in determining whether an extension of time should be
granted to enable a party to file or serve a notice of appeal out of time: see
[11] below and _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] SLR 212 (“ _Pearson_
”); _Vettath v Vettath_ [1992] 1 SLR 1; _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105;
_Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 609
and _Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd_ [2000]
2 SLR 686. In respect of such an application for extension of time, the court
takes a rather strict view of things and sufficient grounds must be shown
before the court will exercise its discretion. This is because if no appeal is
filed and served within the prescribed time of one month, the successful party
is justly entitled to assume and act as if the judgment is final.

9 In the present case, three factors clearly stood out. First, this was not an
application to obtain an extension of time to enable a notice of appeal to be
filed or served out of time. Second, the application, which related to a
pending appeal, was for an extension of time to file the Record of Appeal.
Third, the application was made before the expiry of the prescribed time to
file the Record of Appeal.

10 A useful point to start the consideration of the principles governing an
application for an extension of time to do an act in relation to proceedings
in court is _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ [1965] 1 MLJ 228, a case involving an
application for an extension of time to file a record of appeal. There, the
Privy Council, on an appeal from the Court of Appeal of the Federation of
Malaya, said at 229:

The Rules of Court must _prima facie_ be obeyed, and in order to justify a
court in extending the time during which some step in procedure requires to be
taken there must be some material upon which the court can exercise its
discretion. If the law were otherwise, a party in breach would have an
unqualified right to an extension of time which would defeat the purpose of
the rules which is to provide a time table for the conduct of litigation.

11 Therefore, what is important is that there “must be some material upon
which the court can exercise its discretion”. This comment was considered and
amplified by Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) in _Hau Khee Wee v Chua Kian
Tong_ [1986] SLR 484 at 488, [14] (“ _Hau Khee Wee_ ”) to encompass an
assessment of the following four factors:

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reason for the delay;

(c) the merits of the appeal; and

(d) the question of prejudice.

12 Like _Ratnam_ , _Hau Khee Wee_ was a case where the appellant was out of
time in filing the record of appeal. There was a delay of 24 days when the
application for extension of time was made. What is significant about _Hau
Khee Wee_ is that while Chan JC appreciated that an application for extension
of time to file the record of appeal was different from that of an application
to file and serve a notice of appeal out of time, he seemed to say that the
same four factors were applicable to both types of applications. That Chan JC
was conscious of the difference can be seen from the following passage, at
487, [11]:

It is not necessary for me to examine all of them as each case depended on its
own facts. Some of them are not directly in point as they deal with
applications for extension of time in respect of a different phase of an
appeal. For example, in _Tan Chai Heng v Yeo Seng Choon_ [1981] 1 MLJ 271
[[1980–1981] SLR 381], Choor Singh J held that the negligence or mistake of
the appellant’s solicitor was not a good ground for extension of time to file
a notice of appeal. Choor Singh J’s decision is not a direct precedent for the
present case which involves the filing of the Appeal Record. In _Gan Hay Chong
v Siow Kian Yuh_ [1975] 2 MLJ 129 the Federal Court of Malaysia was of the
view that it would be wrong to apply a general rule that a mistake by a
solicitor, by itself, was not a sufficient ground for granting an extension of
time to file a notice of a memorandum of appeal. The Federal Court made a
distinction between a case of a failure to file a notice of appeal in time
from a case of a failure to file a memorandum of appeal in time. In the former
case, no appeal was in existence and the court would apply a more stringent
test. “Here a notice of appeal had been filed. There was an appeal, but there
was no record for it to be heard, unless time was extended for filing it.”
(See page 131 ibid.) Similarly, in _Lee Guat Eng v Tan Lian Kim_ [1985] 2 MLJ
196 the Federal Court of Malaysia granted an extension of time to serve the
memorandum of appeal and the appeal record on the respondent out of time
(which was for about 15 days).

13 Since _Hau Khee Wee_ , the four factors have been adopted and applied by
our courts, including this court (see the cases referred to in [8] above), in
determining whether in a particular case the court should grant an extension
of time to file or serve a notice of appeal out of time.

14 However, there is clearly a difference between an application for an
extension of time to file a notice of appeal out of time and that for an
extension of time to file or serve the record of appeal out of time. In the
former situation, there is no appeal; in the latter there is already an
appeal, only that the appellant has failed to take a required step in time.
This difference was noted by Judith Prakash JC (as she then was) in _Bank of
India v Rai Bahadur Smith_ [1993] 2 SLR 592 when she said at 597, [27]–[28]:

[T]hese factors [the four factors listed in _Hau Khee Wee_] are factors to be
considered when an applicant wants leave to appeal after the time limited for
appealing has expired. That is a different and more complex situation than the
one I was faced with. In that situation the judgment would have become final
in favour of the successful party and he would, in a sense, have had an
accrued right which he would be deprived of if the application were allowed.

In the present case, the applicants had exercised their rights of appeal
within time. No rights had accrued to the respondents in the sense used above.

15 In _The Tokai Maru_ ([8] _supra_), a case concerning an application for
extension of time to file affidavits of evidence-in-chief out of time in
relation to a pending action, this court also observed (at [20]) that an
application to extend time to file a notice of appeal out of time stood on a
different footing from other applications to extend time.

16 While the four factors may be applicable to both types of applications for
extension of time to do an act in that they assist the court in determining
whether there is “some material” for the court to exercise its discretion in
favour of the applicant, it must follow as a matter of logic and justice that
the “material” required for an application for extension of time to file a
notice of appeal out of time should be weightier or more compelling than that
required for other applications for extension of time. At the end of the day,
the court must, after weighing all the circumstances, come to the conclusion
that the application deserves sympathy: see _Pearson_ , [8] _supra_ , at 219,
[20].

17 In the present case, it is crucial to bear in mind that the appellant
applied to court for an extension of time before the prescribed time to file
the Record of Appeal had expired. This demonstrated that the applicant had not
wholly disregarded the rules. He had wanted to comply with the rules. He did
not take things for granted. He had sought leave. He had explained why he was
placed in that predicament. We did not think that it was unreasonable of the
applicant to try to get a Senior Counsel to argue his appeal, although he
should have got back to Mr Goh earlier.

18 As regards the factor relating to the merits of the appeal, it could not be
said that the appeal was hopeless: see _Pearson_ at 218, [17]. It is a low
threshold which an applicant has to satisfy even if the application relates to
an application to file a notice of appeal out of time. We appreciated that the
present appeal relates essentially to findings of fact. While overturning a
finding of fact may be difficult, it is not impossible or doomed to fail
especially where the finding is based on both oral and documentary evidence.

19 Lastly, on the question of prejudice, it was quite clear that from 17
September 2004 the respondent knew that the appellant intended to have the
judgment against him overturned. No real prejudice was shown to have been
suffered by the respondent. The only point made was that the respondent would
not be able to obtain the benefits of the judgment until the disposal of the
appeal. That fact could hardly constitute prejudice. In any event, post-
judgment interest should take care of that.

20 In the light of these considerations, we were satisfied that there was
material warranting this court exercising its discretion in favour of the
appellant.

21 On the question of costs, as it was the appellant who was seeking the
indulgence of the court, costs fixed at $3,000 were awarded to the respondent.

Application granted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

