Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and Another  
[2005] SGHC 13

Case Number | : | CC 35/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh and Wayne Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid and Co) and Alan Moh (Solomon Richard and Co) for the first accused; Loo Ngan Chor (Loo Ngan Chor and Co) and Julian Tay Wei Loong (Lee and Lee) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lim Poh Lye; Koh Zhan Quan Tony   
  
Criminal Law – Complicity – Common intention – Accused charged with culpable
homicide amounting to murder – Co-accused not causing injury causing death –
Whether co-accused implicated in murder through common intention to kill  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Accused charged with culpable homicide
amounting to murder – Whether accused intending to cause fatal injury –
Whether injury caused by accident – Meaning of "bodily injury" in s 300(c)
Penal Code – Section 300(c) Penal Code(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

24 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

**The crime**

1 A 56-year-old car trader named Bock Thuan Thong (“Bock”) was found dead in
the boot of his brother’s car (SBU 6920 X) on 2 April 2004 about 1.30pm. The
car was parked at level 6A of the Boon Keng Road multi-storey car park. Bock
was pronounced dead by a paramedic, Lee Chun Yuan, from the Singapore Civil
Defence Force, at 1.47pm. Two men were charged for Bock’s murder. The first
accused is Lim Poh Lye (“Lim”), a 45-year-old coffee shop assistant, and the
second accused is Tony Koh Zhan Quan (“Koh”), a 37-year-old Taoist priest.
Another accomplice, Ng Kim Soon (“Ng”), is still at large. Lim surrendered
himself to the police on 5 April 2004 and Koh, who was on the run in Malaysia,
surrendered himself on 18 May 2004 to the Royal Malaysian Police and was
subsequently brought back to Singapore. The forensic pathologist, Dr Clarence
Tan, testified that he performed the autopsy and found various injuries on
Bock. There were blunt injuries, namely bruises and lacerations, on his head
and face as well as on his hands and legs. Several teeth were also fractured
or had broken off in the violent assault on Bock. However, these were not
fatal injuries. Dr Tan testified that he found seven stab wounds to the legs.
Of these, he was of the view that “Stab Wound No 2”, as he classified it, was
the fatal injury because that was the injury in which Bock’s femoral vein was
cut. Consequently, Bock bled to death. Dr Tan was also of the opinion that an
injury of this nature would result in death within 30 minutes. The two accused
were charged with murder punishable under s 302 read with s 34 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).

**The plan**

2 The background facts are largely undisputed although the two accused have
slightly different perspectives on some minor points that have no bearing on
either their defences or the prosecution case. The facts come mostly from the
two accused because Ng is still at large, and the only other person in the
main story (Bock) is dead. There were various neutral witnesses but they saw
only unconnected pieces of the action, that is, they saw parts of the
morning’s events at different places and times. Nonetheless, some of that
evidence is important, and I shall revert to them shortly. The narration of
the facts by the accused persons themselves left gaps concerning the idea and
planning of the crime, but that does not seem to be material. The plan appears
to have been hatched sometime in mid-March of 2004 when Koh went to Ng’s home
to collect a debt of $3,000 from him. Instead of paying, Ng suggested a plan
to rob a second-hand car dealer (Bock), and invited Koh to join in the crime.
Koh would be required to be the driver in the robbery, but Ng needed one more
person to guard Bock. Koh recommended Lim, and eventually the three met on 31
March 2004 to discuss the details. The simple plan was to lure Bock on 2 April
2004 to some place where he would be abducted and forced to sign cheques up to
a sum of $600,000. They would get the first cheque to be made out in the sum
of $90,000 or $100,000 as a test, and then the other cheques would be for
$150,000 to $200,000. The gang of three would then encash the cheques, drug
Bock and leave him in his car while they flee in Koh’s car. Ng and Koh planned
to leave Singapore, but not Lim. In furtherance of their plan, Ng obtained
some diazepam (valium), a sedative, from a medical clinic. Ng suggested that
they would use “a small knife” to threaten or coerce Bock. According to Koh,
he and Lim made a slight variation to the plan which they did not discuss with
Ng, and that was, to pour some strong detergent liquid into Bock’s eyes to
blind him so that he would not be able to recognise them. It appears that they
were afraid of being recognised because Bock did not know either of them. He
only knew Ng. The agreement reached among the three, so far as the sharing of
the loot was concerned, was that Ng would keep half of what they took, and Koh
would share the other half with Lim.

**Morning of 2 April 2004**

3 Ng and Koh met Lim at a bus stop at Ubi about 10.00am. They stopped for
refreshment at a coffee shop and after that, Koh went to purchase two bottles
of Coca Cola from a 7-Eleven store. He then dropped three tablets of sedative
into one of the bottles and it began to froth and overflow, discharging about
half the contents of the bottle. Koh cleaned up the bottle and recapped it.
According to Koh, Lim then went to buy “a rope” with the view of tying Bock
with it. Lim denied this. The three of them then went to the sixth level of
the Automobile Megamart at Ubi where Ng used to meet Bock. Ng had called Bock
earlier in the morning and arranged to meet him there. When Bock arrived, he
alighted from his car upon seeing Ng, but was quickly bundled back in. The car
he drove belonged to his brother; his own car was under repair. Ng then drove
the car with Koh behind the front passenger seat and Lim behind Ng. Bock sat
between Koh and Lim. Whilst in the car, Ng asked Bock for his chequebook, and,
in reply, Bock said he did not have it. Ng instructed Koh to check the bag
that Bock had carried with him. Koh found a chequebook in the bag. Ng then
stopped the car and changed places with Koh after taking over the chequebook.
He wrote out several cheques and asked Bock to sign them. One of the cheques
was for $10,000, contrary to the plan that the first cheque was to be $90,000
to $100,000. Writing out this reduced amount irked Koh somewhat, but it was
largely unimportant to the case. It was relevant, however, that instead of
writing $10,000, Bock wrote “One ten thousand dollars” in Chinese. This was
spotted just before they reached the bank and Bock was made to correct the
words. According to Koh, after getting into the back seat, Ng took away all of
Bock’s belongings including his Rolex watch, wallet and mobile telephone.
However, it was subsequently discovered by the police that a sum of $11,000.00
in cash, apparently overlooked by the robbers, was still in Bock’s back
pocket.

**At MacPherson**

4 Koh drove the car to MacPherson and let Ng out near the United Overseas Bank
(“UOB”) before turning the car into Siang Kwang Avenue. In the bank, Ng
presented the cheque but the bank officer wanted to check with the drawer. Ng
then realised that Bock’s mobile telephone was with him (Ng); so he called Koh
and told him to pick it up from him at the street corner. After that was done,
Koh returned to Siang Kwang Avenue and parked the car, waiting for the bank
officer to call. Ng had instructed Koh to answer the call and impersonate
Bock. However, when the telephone rang Koh did not answer. He testified in
court that he was angry that Ng did not stick to the original plan of writing
a $100,000 cheque.

5 From this point on, Bock made at least two attempts to escape from the car.
He first tried to get out of the car when it was parked at Siang Kwang Avenue
and Koh was waiting for the bank officer to call. Bock was beaten and dragged
back into the car by Lim and possibly also by Koh. The evidence on this point
was not very coherent. What was clear was that after Bock’s attempted escape
failed, Koh drove the car along Jalan Wangi towards MacPherson Road. Jalan
Wangi is a one-way crescent road. There is also a short side road running
parallel to MacPherson Road, linking the ingress and egress of Jalan Wangi.
Bock made another attempt to escape when Koh’s car stopped just before the
side road. In panic, Koh drove into the side road and stopped. Bock was making
a strong and determined attempt to get out. From the time Koh stopped his car
before driving into the side road and during the short time they were in the
short road, several witnesses saw Bock’s struggle to escape, and also the
gang’s assault on him.

6 Two witnesses, namely Yuen Siew Kwan and his daughter, Audrey Yuen, were in
their car directly behind the car driven by Koh at Jalan Wangi. They saw Bock
struggling to get out of the car, and Lim kicking and punching him in an
effort to prevent his escape. They saw Koh driving into the side road where
Bock continued to struggle. These two witnesses saw Koh getting out of the
driver’s seat and going to the rear nearside of the car to punch and push Bock
back into the car. They also saw him slamming the car door repeatedly against
Bock’s leg. Neither of them saw the use of knives in the assault. However,
another witness, Daniel Sin, had pulled up his car alongside Bock’s car at
Upper Serangoon Road. Bock’s car was now driven by Ng who had taken over the
wheel after he came back from UOB and Koh had got into the rear passenger
seat. Daniel Sin saw two men assaulting Bock. He saw that there was blood on
the back of the driver’s headrest after the man in the right, rear passenger
seat had placed his palm there. Daniel Sin also testified that the man on the
right (Lim) was trying to tie Bock down with the cable of a mobile telephone
earpiece while the one on the left (Koh) was holding Bock down. However, his
description of the age and the black-rimmed spectacles on the man in the left
(Koh) more accurately described Lim than Koh. Neither accused persons disputed
the prosecution case that at the material time from Jalan Wangi to the multi-
story car park at Boon Keng Road, Lim was seated behind the driver’s seat and
Koh behind the front passenger seat.

7 Reverting to the scene at Jalan Wangi, Koh testified that after he stopped
the car in the side road he went to assist Lim in restraining Bock. He said
that Lim had assaulted Bock badly in the face. He also saw Lim stab Bock with
the small knife that Koh had handed to him earlier. He said that the knife
broke and he saw the broken blade planted in Bock’s thigh. However, Bock was
still struggling and his leg was out of the car so Koh slammed the door on
him. When they finally got Bock entirely back into the car, Koh saw Lim place
a big knife on the floorboard (Koh had testified that when they met in the
morning, Ng had given him a small knife and two big ones). At that point, Ng
came out from the bank, got into the driver’s seat, and drove off. All this
time, Bock put up a spirited and violent struggle in his effort to escape.
This drew an even more violent response from the two accused. There was one
important difference between the evidence of the two accused on this point. So
far as Koh was concerned, Ng never laid hands on Bock nor hurt him in any way.
Lim, on the other hand, testified that after leaving Jalan Wangi, the car
stopped at a bus bay opposite the Woodleigh Mass Rapid Transit station along
Upper Serangoon Road, where Ng turned and stabbed Bock in the thigh. According
to Lim, Ng stopped the car and said angrily to Bock, “You want to play with
me, now I play with you”; after which he stabbed Bock a few times on the
thigh. According to Koh’s version, Lim stabbed Bock when they were at Jalan
Wangi. He said that after he saw the broken blade of the small knife embedded
in Bock’s thigh, he saw Lim put down a bigger knife on the floorboard. There
was no evidence that a broken blade was found embedded in Bock’s thigh when
his body was found.

**At the Boon Keng car park**

8 The three men drove Bock from Jalan Wangi into MacPherson Road, then into
Upper Serangoon Road through Upper Aljunied Road. It was at this point, when
they were at a traffic light junction beneath the Woodsville Flyover, that
prosecution witness, Daniel Sin, saw the man behind the driver’s seat (the man
on the right) repeatedly punching the man in the middle of the back seat of
the car (driven by Ng) and the man behind the front passenger seat was holding
down the man in the middle. Daniel Sin saw the man on the right place his
hands on the driver’s headrest and when he removed his hand, bloodstains were
seen on the headrest. Daniel Sin followed the car until it turned into a
multi-storey car park at Block 6A, Boon Keng Road. The car was parked at deck
B4 and Bock was taken out from the rear passenger seat and put into the boot
of the car. The evidence was hazy as to who were involved in moving Bock. Koh
said that he did not help in that act because he was peeved and walked to his
own car, a Hyundai Traject, which was parked at the other end of the car park.
There was no evidence as to whether Bock was alive or dead when he was put
into the boot. However, no one mentioned any struggle and it appears that
Bock, if not dead, was very much weakened and did not put up any resistance at
that stage. It is pertinent to note that Koh admitted that on the way to deck
B4 he had put some liquid detergent into Bock’s eyelids. He said that he had
put the detergent in a disused eye-lotion bottle, and intended to use the
chemical to blind Bock so that he would not be able to identify Lim and
himself. However, he testified that he was not certain whether the detergent
actually seeped into the eyes. No forensic test was carried out to establish
whether this was so because the police were not looking for such injury to the
eyes. Bock’s wallet, mobile telephone and Rolex watch were taken from him, but
it was not very clear at which stage they were taken, or which of the three
took them, although Lim and Koh’s evidence indicated that Ng had taken them.
The three men, however, did not discover the $11,000 in cash in Bock’s back
trouser pocket.

**Flight and surrender**

9 Ng instructed Lim and Koh to drive him back to UOB because he had left his
identity card behind. The bank’s video camera recorded Ng’s presence on this
second occasion as it had done for the first. The only significance of the
second recording was that no bloodstains were seen on Ng’s clothing. Hence, it
was suggested that Ng could not have stabbed Bock because if he did there
would have been bloodstains on his clothing. I think that it was probably true
that there was no blood stains on Ng’s clothing, but that may not mean that he
did not stab Bock.

10 After dropping Ng at the bank, Koh drove Lim to the Mount Vernon
crematorium on Ng’s instructions, and there, burnt various articles belonging
to Bock as Ng had instructed. Shortly after that, Ng arrived by taxi and left
with the two accused in Koh’s car. Thereafter, the events were largely
inconsequential to the case and may be briefly summarised. Lim remained in
Singapore while Ng and Koh fled to Malaysia together with a woman called Yeo
Seok Leng (“Yeo”) with whom Koh had bought his car, the Hyundai Traject. Koh
deceived Yeo into thinking that they were going to Kuala Lumpur to visit their
relatives. The party of three stopped over at Genting Highlands for the night,
and in the morning, Ng and Koh parted company. Shortly after that, Koh left
Yeo in Kuala Lumpur telling her that he was going to see his friends in Ipoh.
On 7 April 2004, Yeo became suspicious when her mother called her to say that
the police in Singapore were looking for her. She returned to Singapore on 1
May 2004. In the meanwhile, Lim surrendered himself to the police in Singapore
on 5 April 2004. Subsequently, Koh notified the Singapore police from Kuala
Lumpur, and offered to surrender himself. By arrangement, he surrendered to
the Royal Malaysian Police on 18 May 2004 and was brought back to Singapore.

**Forensic evidence**

11 Dr Clarence Tan performed the autopsy on Bock and testified in court as to
his findings and opinion in respect of Bock’s injuries and death. He found
bruises to the head and neck, some small lacerations, a chipped tooth and two
teeth freshly avulsed from their sockets. Broken teeth were subsequently found
in Bock’s car. There were three small, superficial incisions to the upper
abdominal region. Bruises were also found on Bock’s hands, but all these
injuries were non-fatal. The significant injuries were seven stab wounds to
the legs. Five of these stab wounds were found in the right leg and two in the
left leg. In his post-mortem report, Dr Tan was firmly of the opinion that it
was Stab Wound No 2 that caused Bock’s death “because it had penetrated
through a major blood vessel, the right femoral vein and this injury would
have resulted in uncontrolled and continuous bleeding.” Dr Tan added, “The
resulting haemorrhage would be severe enough, as it is in my opinion, to cause
death.” In his report, Dr Tan described Stab Wound No 2 as follows:

**_Stab Wound No 2_** was situated at the antero-medial aspect of the right
lower thigh region below and slightly lateral to Stab Wound No 1 measuring 3.2
cm in length when lax and 3.5 cm with the margins approximated. The long axis
of the wound was slanting downwards from right to left at an angle of about 20
degrees below the horizontal axis. Both edges were pointed, the margins were
regular and the upper edge was about 7 cm above the level of the upper margin
of the right patella.

_Track_ : The track proceeded inwards obliquely upwards and towards the left
penetrating into the muscles of the right lower thigh region medial to the
right femur and traversing the right femoral vein which showed an entry wound
anteriorly measuring 0.6 cm in length and an exit wound posteriorly measuring
0.3 cm in length. The track terminated in the muscle layer posterior to the
right femoral vein.

_Depth_ : Depth of the track was estimated to be about 8 to 10 cm.

Dr Tan was also of the opinion that Stab Wound No 1 “would have contributed to
the effects of haemorrhage”. So far as the head injury was concerned, Dr Tan
testified that it would have compromised the cerebral integrity and
“contributed to the mechanism of death”. Dr Tan is an experienced forensic
pathologist, and neither his report nor his testimony in court showed the
slightest exaggeration or understatement. His opinion in this case was
typically clinical – precise and accurate. I have no difficulty accepting his
evidence in totality, and in particular, his opinion as to the cause of death.
Once he had identified the critical wound, the cause became plain and obvious.
Consequently, that had helped immeasurably towards reducing the areas of
factual dispute and enabled counsel to shape the crucial legal issue.

**Murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code**

12 Culpable homicide is an offence with two broad categories of culpability,
that is to say, the greater one amounting to murder, and a lesser one that
does not amount to murder. The latter, being wider in form, largely covers the
same elements as the former, and is expressed in s 299 of the Penal Code as
follows:

Whoever causes death by doing an act with the intention of causing death, or
with the intention of causing such bodily injury as is likely to cause death,
or with the knowledge that he is likely by such act to cause death, commits
the offence of culpable homicide.

Section 300 provides that:

Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder —

(a) if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of
causing death;

(b) if it is done with the intention of causing such bodily injury as the
offender knows to be likely to cause the death of the person to whom the harm
is caused;

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; or

(d) if the person committing the act knows that it is so imminently dangerous
that it must in all probability cause death, or such bodily injury as is
likely to cause death, and commits such act without any excuse for incurring
the risk of causing death, or such injury as aforesaid.

The learned Deputy Public Prosecutor, Mr Amarjit Singh, presented his case on
the basis of s 300(c). The evidence does not seem to suggest otherwise. From
Dr Tan we know that the injury known as “Stab Wound No 2” was sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death. The person who intentionally
caused Stab Wound No 2 must, therefore, be guilty of murder. But the case is
not that simple. Section 300(c) is concerned with an intention to cause
“bodily injury” and Dr Tan referred to the injury in question as Stab Wound No
2, which, apart from ripping through skin and muscle layers, severed the right
femoral vein. The question for this court is to determine how the phrase
“bodily injury” is to be interpreted. Superficially, it seems only logical to
ask whether the deceased died from the injury inflicted (intentionally) by the
accused, and if so, then the accused is guilty of murder. The details of the
injury would therefore not be relevant if this strict and conventional
approach is taken, as it ought to be in the ordinary case. In this case, the
injury would therefore be Stab Wound No 2. If this approach is taken, I need
not examine the nature of the incision, the depth of the injury, the track of
the blade and what tissues were cut along its path. Nor need I be troubled by
the question of what the precise intention of the accused might be. The Indian
court in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465 (“ _Virsa Singh_ ”)
in a famous judgment (at [16]) seemed to lean in favour of this approach:

The question is not whether the prisoner intended to inflict a serious injury
or a trivial one but whether he intended to inflict _the injury that is proved
to be present_. [emphasis added]

Surely, then, the injury that is proved to be present must be the _entire_
injury. In the present case before me, it must mean, therefore, the whole of
Stab Wound No 2; not just the cut skin, or the lacerated muscle layers –
however many there might have been – or the femoral vein or any other blood
vessel. There is nothing in the language of this provision that invites the
court to draw distinctions between such details. The proper meaning of “bodily
injury” must, therefore, relate to the injury resulting from the blow or
strike intended by the accused. It is a forensic affair as to whether the
injury or injuries present resulted from the blow or strike in question. In
the present case before me, I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the
entire injury comprising Stab Wound No 2 was caused by a single stabbing
motion. Who caused that wound, is a separate question that I shall revert to
shortly. But we are not done with s 300(c).

_**Tan Chee Hwee v PP**_

13 _Virsa Singh_ is a case much respected by prosecution and defence counsel
alike, and the Court of Appeal has often approved of it in its own judgments.
The _Virsa Singh_ interpretation of “bodily injury” has been accepted because
of its sensible reasoning. In _Tan Chee Hwee v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 657 (“ _Tan
Chee Hwee_ ”) the Court of Appeal appears to draw a distinction between an
intention to do an act involving a specific injury and an intention to cause
the specific injury actually inflicted. Tan Chee Hwee and his co-accused, Soon
Kin Liang, were students at the Ngee Ann Polytechnic. One Chris Tang, who was
then also a polytechnic student, and another youth, Mok Swee Kok, were friends
of the two accused. They hoped to help Tan Chee Hwee, who was in debt, by
stealing money from Chris Tang’s parents. They too had a simple plan. Chris
Tang knew that his parents would not be home in the morning, and he also knew
the daily routine in which his parents’ maid would fetch his younger brother
from kindergarten. He gave the other three a key to his home and told them the
time during which there would be no one at home. On the morning in question,
Chris Tang went to school as usual, but the other three entered his home to
commit burglary. Unfortunately, the maid returned home sooner than expected
and surprised the young burglars. Mok Swee Kok, who acted as the lookout,
sounded the alarm, but they could not get out in time. Tan Chee Hwee and Soon
Kin Liang caught hold of the maid to prevent her from calling for help. They
used the cable from an electric iron to tie the maid. The cable was wound
round her neck. The defence was that they intended only to keep her from
struggling and screaming. They had no intention to kill her. However, the maid
died from strangulation. The court accepted that there was no intention to
kill, and the main issue was whether the two accused intended to cause injury
by strangulation, and if so, whether that would amount to murder if the victim
died from it. Chris Tang and Mok Swee Kok were separately dealt with under
non-capital charges, but the two accused were charged with murder and
convicted. On appeal, the convictions were quashed. The issue was narrowed
even more when the case came before the Court of Appeal. The entire case then
turned on whether the defence that there was no intention “to silence [the
maid] forever” could be accepted. The trial judge did not accept it, but the
Court of Appeal did.

14 _Tan Chee Hwee_ seems to have added a new element into s 300(c) that
appears to contradict _Virsa Singh_ even though the latter was cited without
disapproval. If _Virsa Singh_ were strictly applied, the court would have to
ascertain whether the accused intended to cause injury by strangulation with
the cable. If they did, the next question would be whether death resulted from
that injury, that is, the strangulation. The forensic evidence answered this
question affirmatively when the forensic pathologist testified that death was
caused by “asphyxia due to strangulation”. The Court of Appeal held, however,
that since an inquiry under s 300(c) is subjective, the court had to determine
and, in this case, have regard to, the subjective intention or purpose of the
act – in _Tan Chee_ _Hwee_ ’s case, it was the act of strangulation. The Court
of Appeal found (as a fact) that the accused only intended to stop the maid
from screaming and struggling, and did not intend to silence her forever. The
important passage is found at 668, [46] of the judgment in _Tan Chee Hwee_ :

This strongly suggests to us that even at that critical moment Tan could not
have formed the intention to strangle the maid with the cord of the electric
iron _as a means of ‘silencing her forever’. In the circumstances we are
driven to the conclusion that the injury which was in fact caused to the maid
around the neck, in all probability, was not intentionally but accidentally or
unintentionally caused_. [emphasis added]

On that basis, the conviction of murder under s 300(c) was set aside and
substituted with a conviction for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
There is a distinction, of course, between the injury caused and the means
whereby that injury was caused. The relevant “intention” under s 300(c)
relates to the injury caused and not to the means by which it was caused.
Thus, it would not matter whether a knife or a piece of sharp wood caused the
fatal wound, and thus, resulted in different kinds of injury. That is to say,
one might result in bruises and another, cuts or lacerations. The relevant
enquiry would be whether such an injury was sufficient in the ordinary course
of nature to cause death, and if so, whether the accused intended to inflict
that injury. In _Tan Chee Hwee_ , Karthigesu J (as he then was) did not say
that the strangulation was accidental. It was the nature of the injury,
leading to death, that was accidentally caused.

15 I must now examine the facts to determine whether there is any distinction
between _Tan Chee_ _Hwee_ ’s defence and that of Lim in the present case. I
refer only to Lim, but it is important to state that on the evidence, I find
that Koh did not cause any of the stab wounds. Whether he would be culpable by
reason of a common intention is a separate issue that I shall deal with
shortly. There is dispute as to whether Ng had also inflicted some of the stab
wounds, but that point can be dealt with later. Lim’s defence was that he did
not intend to kill Bock and he stabbed the latter only to stop him from
struggling and escaping. I am satisfied that there was no intention by any of
the three to kill Bock. Although there were several stab wounds, all of them
were inflicted on the lower limbs, where such injuries are not normally
expected to be fatal. But the crucial question was whether Lim intended to
cause those injuries, that is, the stab wounds, and not whether he intended to
kill. Following _Virsa Singh_ , the answer would certainly be “yes”, and
consequently, the accused would be guilty of murder should his victim die from
that intended injury. _Tan Chee Hwee_ , however, ameliorates an accidental
specific injury (asphyxia) if the intended act (strangulation) was inflicted
without an intention to cause mortal injury. That does seem like a fine line
to draw. One need only consider the situation in which a man stabs another
with the intention of causing hurt, and not death, but his victim died because
the injury caused was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death. In such a situation, that man would be guilty of murder. It would not
have mattered that the assailant, like Lim in the present case before me, did
not know that he had cut the femoral vein, or that he did not know what or
where the femoral vein was. _Tan Chee Hwee_ , therefore, applies only in very
special circumstances, namely, that the intended action (strangulation in that
case, stabbing in this) was inflicted for a specific non-fatal purpose. In
either case, the resulting injury, although of a different nature, might have
varying degrees of severity. In one there might be bruising or a discomfort of
choking of a transient nature, and in the other, varying degrees of puncture
with bleeding and pain. But the expanded version of _Virsa Singh_ by the Court
of Appeal would not, in my view (an opinion expressed solely for noting the
limits of _Tan Chee Hwee_ and reconciling that decision with cases decided on
the basis of _Virsa Singh_), apply where an assailant stabs another in a
vulnerable or sensitive region of the body, such as the chest, and claims that
he did so to prevent escape.

**Lim’s culpability**

16 Each court, therefore, has to determine whether _Tan Chee Hwee_ applies to
the specific facts of its case. In this case I find that the general act
intended by Lim was to cause stab wounds to Bock’s legs to prevent him from
escaping. The evidence of witnesses amply showed that Bock had made at least
two determined attempts to escape. The principle enunciated in _Tan Chee_
_Hwee_ seems applicable to the facts before me. Suffice to say that it is not
necessary to draw distinctions on the broad facts between _Tan Chee_ _Hwee_
and the present, for example, that the act of strangulation and the act of
stabbing caused injuries of a completely different nature. I do not think that
the court in _Tan Chee Hwee_ intended to create exceptions on such fine
points. The use of a cable in one case and a knife in the other is, therefore,
an obvious but not significant difference. Other dissimilarities might be
found in this pair of cases, but no significance ought to be attached to them
unless the differences are sufficiently important in that they would have an
impact on the principles of law. The legal adage that every case is different
on the facts should not be regarded as an invitation to create more and more
exceptions to the rule or, more so, to create exceptions to exceptions. The
result might be chaotic. Constancy and consistency are virtues in the
administration of the law. Reverting to the facts, I find it difficult to
regard death by asphyxia in _Tan Chee Hwee’_ s case as accidental without
forming a similar conclusion in the present case in respect of death from loss
of blood. The two causes of death (asphyxia and haemorrhage) could, of course,
be the result of murder. But, as _Tan Chee Hwee_ shows, in certain factual
circumstances, they might not be. The intended act of strangulation in one
case, and the intended act of stabbing in the other, were found (as a finding
of fact) to accompany the intention of preventing the victim from crying for
help or escaping, and no more. If any difference can be ascertained, it would
be an extremely fine one, and I would be loath to attach any significance to
such in a capital case. I find, therefore, that the severing of Bock’s femoral
vein was not intentional, but, in the language of _Tan Chee Hwee_ ,
accidental. In the Indian case of _Harjinder Singh Alias Jinda v Delhi
Administration_ [1968] 2 SCR 246, the accused was convicted of murder when he
stabbed the deceased in the thigh, and in so doing, severed the artery. On
appeal, the Supreme Court of India accepted that when the accused stabbed the
deceased in that case, he (the accused ) did not aim “the blow at this
particular part of the thigh knowing that it would cut the artery” (at 250).
The present case before me is similar in that respect, but it is the rare and
special circumstances (inflicting harm to prevent escape) similar to _Tan Chee
Hwee_ that has the greater significance. I find therefore that Lim was not
guilty of murder as charged.

**Koh’s culpability and common intention**

17 The findings I made in regard to Lim, would, therefore, also absolve Koh.
But, in any event, the case against Koh was based on common intention, and on
this point, the evidence showed that although Koh was aware that knives might
be used against Bock, there was no evidence to show that the gang had intended
to use the knives to cause injury. It could be a natural inference depending
on the facts and circumstances of the case. Here, I accept Koh’s evidence that
the knives were brought along only to threaten or frighten Bock. I find that
Lim formed the intention to stab Bock on the spur of the moment. There was no
evidence before me to suggest that Koh had anything to do with Lim’s use of
the knives. However, the evidence, including Koh’s own testimony, showed that
Koh was responsible for several blows struck with some force on Bock,
especially about the head and face. Lim tried to suggest that it was Ng who
caused the fatal wounds. I find that although there was insufficient evidence
to indicate that Ng had stabbed Bock, it is possible that he might have done
so. Koh seemed to me to be closer to Ng and might have given his own evidence
a slight slant so as to exculpate Ng from the stab wounds on Bock.

18 I had also taken into account the evidence that blood was seen on the
headrest of the driver’s seat. The point Mr Amarjit Singh made was that this
suggested that the stab wounds were inflicted much earlier, namely at Jalan
Wangi, and not when the car stopped at Upper Serangoon Road. But that does not
mean that the blood came from the fatal stab wound. Bock was by that time
already severely assaulted and bloodied. But there is no doubt in my mind that
Lim inflicted _some_ of the stab wounds. Lim himself accepted that Koh did not
use the knives. On the other hand, Koh testified that Ng did not use the
knives. It is possible that all three, or perhaps at least two of them, had
used the knives, but that is not enough; and possibility is not the test that
I should apply. I am also mindful that in cases involving multiple accused
persons, the granting of the benefit of doubt to one accused might result in
the incrimination of another. In such cases, the court may first have to
consider the overall picture, and might in so doing, have to make some
findings on the basis of reasonable probabilities so that such doubts as it
might entertain specifically to the accused’s guilt would not be unjustifiably
or unreasonably found. So far as the question whether it was Ng or Lim who
caused the fatal Stab Wound No 2 was concerned, I am left with some doubt as
to who that might be. Forensic evidence might provide some indications as to
the direction of the strike, but it is not sufficient in this case for me to
make a finding on it on the basis of proof beyond reasonable doubt. No one was
able to say or show how, if at all, the struggle by Bock had an impact on the
way the stab wounds were caused. This point would be significant only because
I am of the view that the common intention of the trio was to rob Bock, and to
that end, the plan was to drug their victim, and threaten him with knives if
it became necessary to do so. I am satisfied that there was no common
intention to kill, and I would give the benefit of doubt to Lim that the gang
did not have the common intention to use the knives for injuring Bock, but
merely to frighten him. It appears to me that the decision to stab Bock was
formed by Lim on his own and not in concert with the others. I had said that
it might be possible that Ng had also stabbed Bock, but _if_ he had done so,
it did not appear, on the evidence before me, to have been committed pursuant
to any common intention of the trio. The common intention of the gang was to
abduct and rob Bock.

19 I am, therefore, of the view that the charge of murder ought to be reduced
to a charge under s 394 of the Penal Code, that is, for the offence of robbery
with hurt, and in regard to which both accused were, in my view, independently
guilty. I thus find both accused guilty of an offence under s 394 of the Penal
Code, and convict them accordingly. I shall hear counsel on sentencing when
they are ready.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

