Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## State of Johor and Another v Tunku Alam Shah ibni Tunku Abdul Rahman and
Others  
[2005] SGHC 156

Case Number | : | OS 1359/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Cheryl Tan and Tan Kok Peng (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Lim Chor Pee and Sarah Tan (Chor Pee and Partners) for the first defendant; Timothy Tan Thye Hoe and Jeya Putra (AsiaLegal LLC) for the second to fifth defendants   
Parties | : |  State of Johor; Duli Yang Maha Mulia Sultan Johor Sultan Iskandar — Tunku Alam Shah ibni Tunku Abdul Rahman; Ungku Sulaiman Bin Abdul Majid; Tengku Ibrahim Bin Suleiman; Ungku A Rahman Bin Ungku Hassan; Daing Othman Bin Ibrahim; Ungku Rosiah Binte Abdul Rahman   
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of law – Succession – Property in Singapore forming
subject matter of Malaysian testator's will – Whether lex domicile or lex
situs governing validity of will – Whether Muslim law forming part of lex
situs  
  
Succession and Wills – Construction – Property bequeathed to beneficiary as
"State property" – Whether property bequeathed to beneficiary in capacity as
sovereign ruler or in personal capacity – Meaning of "State property"  
  

31 August 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The dispute between the parties, which has its roots in a will made by the
late Sultan Abu Bakar of Johor on 14 April 1895, concerns competing claims to
the compensation of $25m awarded by the Collector of Land Revenue for the
compulsory acquisition of Lot 1049 of Mukim 2 (“Tyersall”). This property, on
which stands an old palace built by the testator more than a century ago, is
situated at 2 Cluny Road, Singapore.

2 The first plaintiff is the State of Johor. The second plaintiff, Duli Yang
Maha Mulia Sultan Johor Sultan Iskandar, the present ruler of Johor, is a
great-grandson of Sultan Abu Bakar.

3 The first defendant, Tunku Alam Shah ibni Tunku Abdul Rahman (“TAS”), is a
great-great-grandson of Sultan Abu Bakar.

4 The second to fifth defendants are a group of claimants led by the second
defendant, Ungku Sulaiman bin Abdul Majid, who is a descendant of Sultan Abu
Bakar’s sister, Ungku Khadijah binti Temenggong Ibrahim.

5 The sixth defendant, Ungku Rosiah binte Abdul Rahman, did not file any
affidavit in support of her case and has not participated in these proceedings
after filing her memorandum of appearance in February 2005.

**Background**

6 The relevant facts are as follows. On or about 14 April 1895, the then
Sultan of Johor, Sultan Abu Bakar, executed a will. The material part of the
will concerning Tyersall is in the following terms:

My royal son Tunku Ibrahim … shall be my successor as Ruler and possessor of
the State of Johore and all its dependencies … And _for his use and possession
as Sovereign Ruler_ , I surrender to him all such properties, things, and
objects as are said to be State heritage or belongings or _which I by my own
will, and pleasure have declared and constituted as the property of the State
and Country_ , namely, my Istana together with all its gardens … all state
buildings in Johore Bharu … the crown, and all the paraphernalia and things
all complete as used in the State Ceremonials … And _similarly as State
property_ I leave and deliver to my royal son the Istana and lands, and
grounds and garden named Tyersall, situated in the Island of Singapore in the
district of Tanglin together with all house furnitures appurtenances and
decorations all complete as it is now for his use … [emphasis added]

7 Sultan Abu Bakar died on 4 June 1895. His executor, Dato Jaafar bin Hadj
Mohamed, died a year later. Twenty-eight years later, on 15 June 1923, Dato
Mustapha bin Jaffar (“Dato Mustapha”) obtained from the Supreme Court of the
Straits Settlements letters of administration _de bonis non_ with will annexed
for the estate of Sultan Abu Bakar.

8 Tunku Ibrahim (hereinafter referred to as “Sultan Ibrahim”) became Sultan
after his father’s death. More than 40 years after his father’s death, Dato
Mustapha finally conveyed Tyersall to him “as State property and upon the
terms and conditions set forth in Sultan Abu Bakar’s will”. Sultan Ibrahim,
who was the ruler of Johor for more than 60 years, passed away on 8 May 1959.
Letters of administration were granted to his widow, Sultanah Marcella, and
his son, Tungku Temenggong Ahmad, on 23 September 1959, and these were
resealed in the High Court in Singapore in January 1965. By an indenture dated
17 May 1971, Sultanah Marcella and Tungku Temenggong Ahmad appointed Tan Sri
Dato Abdul Hamid bin Mustafa and Dato Abdullah bin Mohamed as trustees of
Sultan Abu Bakar’s will in so far as it related to Tyersall. The indenture
provided that Sultan Ibrahim’s interest in Tyersall would vest in the trustees
as joint tenants subject to the provisions of Sultan Abu Bakar’s will. Both
the trustees have since passed away and no new trustees were appointed to
replace them. Sultanah Marcella Ibrahim and Tunku Temenggong Ahmad have also
passed away.

**_The compulsory acquisition of Tyersall_**

9 On 30 November 1990, a Notice of Acquisition of Tyersall, pursuant to s 10
of the Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed), was published in the
Government Gazette. On 2 March 1991, the Collector of Land Revenue (“the
Collector”) held an inquiry to determine the appropriate amount of
compensation for the acquisition of Tyersall and to apportion the compensation
among all the persons with an interest in the said property. The inquiry was
adjourned a number of times and many years passed without the matter being
resolved.

10 On 28 April 2004, the Collector placed an advertisement in the _The Straits
Times_ to state that the inquiry would resume on 20 May 2004. The Collector
required all claims and statements of interest with respect to Tyersall to be
submitted by 27 May 2004. On 1 June 2004, the sum of $25m was awarded as
compensation for the compulsory acquisition of Tyersall. On 9 June 2004, the
Collector obtained an order of court to pay the said compensation into court
because there was a “dispute as to the title to receive the compensation”.

**_The plaintiffs’ originating summons_**

11 On 14 October 2004, the plaintiffs filed the present Originating Summons,
seeking, _inter alia_ , an order that the compensation in question be paid out
to the second plaintiff or alternatively to the first plaintiff. The
plaintiffs applied for the following:

1\. (a) A declaration that the Second Plaintiff is lawfully entitled to
receive the compensation sum of Singapore Dollars Twenty-Five Million
(S$25,000,000.00) awarded by the Collector of Land Revenue, Singapore pursuant
to Section 10 of the Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (“** _the
Act_** ”) which was paid into Court by the Collector of Land Revenue pursuant
to Section 40(2) of the Act and an Order of Court dated 9 June 2004 in
Originating Summons 719 of 2004/Q in relation to the compulsory acquisition of
land known as Lot 1049 Mukim 2, together with interest thereon under Section
41 of the Act.

(b) In the event that this Honourable Court grants the declaration under
prayer 1(a) above, an order that the sum which was paid into Court by the
Collector of Land Revenue pursuant to Section 40(2) of the Act and the Order
of Court dated 9 June 2004 in Originating Summons 719 of 2004/Q be paid out to
the Second Plaintiff.

2\. (a) Alternatively, a declaration that the First Plaintiff is lawfully
entitled to receive the compensation sum of Singapore Dollars Twenty-Five
Million (S$25,000,000.00) awarded by the Collector of Land Revenue, Singapore
pursuant to Section 10 of the Act which was paid into Court by the Collector
of Land Revenue pursuant to Section 40(2) of the Act and an Order of Court
dated 9 June 2004 in Originating Summons 719 of 2004/Q in relation to the
compulsory acquisition of land known as Lot 1049 Mukim 2, together with
interest thereon under Section 41 of the Act.

(b) In the event that this Honourable Court grants the declaration under
prayer 2(a) above, an order that the sum which was paid into Court by the
Collector of Land Revenue pursuant to Section 40(2) of the Act and an Order of
Court dated 9 June 2004 in Originating Summons 719 of 2004/Q be paid out to
the First Plaintiff.

3\. A declaration that the Defendants are not “persons interested” for the
purposes of Section 23 of the Act and are therefore not entitled to appeal to
the Appeals Board as constituted under section 19 of the Act.

4\. That the costs of and occasioned by this Summons be paid by the Defendants
to the Plaintiffs.

12 The plaintiffs’ case is that by constituting Tyersall as “State property”
in his will, Sultan Abu Bakar had intended that the said property was to pass
with the throne of Johor upon the death of a reigning ruler and that it should
not devolve to the estate of any ruler upon his death. On this basis, the
compensation of $25m should be paid to the present Sultan of Johor. The first
plaintiff’s position was summarised by the Johor State Secretary, Dato Haji
Mohd Razali bin Mahusin, in para 35 of his affidavit as follows:

The First Plaintiff has always recognized that while the Land was declared as
“State property” by the late Sultan Abu Bakar under the terms of the Will, it
belonged beneficially to the ruling Sultan. For this reason, the First
Plaintiff has joined itself as a party to these proceedings in support of the
application for the payment of the Compensation to the Second Plaintiff as the
ruling Sultan of the State of Johor as at the date of the compulsory
acquisition.

13 Both the plaintiffs also asserted that the only other party with a
conceivable claim to Tyersall was the State of Johor since Tyersall was
constituted as “State property” by Sultan Abu Bakar. They thus contended in
the alternative that the compensation for the acquisition of Tyersall should
be paid to the State of Johor.

**_TAS’s counter-notice_**

14 TAS, who claims a share of the compensation awarded for the acquisition of
Tyersall on the ground that he is one of the beneficiaries of the estate of
Sultan Ibrahim, did not accept that Tyersall became “State property” as a
result of Sultan Abu Bakar’s will. The essence of TAS’s case is that the
bequest of Tyersall by Sultan Abu Bakar was invalid because it contravened
Muslim law.

15 On 15 February 2005, TAS filed a counter-notice, in which he sought the
following relief:

(a) a declaration that prior to the death of Sultan Abu Bakar of Johor on 4
June 1895, Sultan Abu Bakar was the absolute ruler of Johor, and the immovable
properties situated in Johor and Singapore, vested in his name, belonged to
him absolutely as legal owner; and

(b) an order that the proceeds of the award of the Collector paid into the
court pursuant to the Order of Court dated 9 June 2004 (see [10] above) made
in Originating Summons No 719 of 2004, be paid to the Public Trustee for
distribution to the beneficiaries of the estate of Sultan Ibrahim in
accordance with the Inheritance Certificate dated 21 October 2004 relating to
the estate of Sultan Ibrahim and issued by the Syariah Court of Singapore.

**_Position of the other defendants_**

16 At the hearing of the present Originating Summons on 2 May 2005, the court
was informed that in order to save time and costs, the second, third, fourth
and fifth defendants would not take an active part in the proceedings and
would await a ruling with respect to the plaintiffs’ prayers before deciding
on their next course of action.

17 As for the sixth defendant, she informed the plaintiffs’ solicitors, Drew &
Napier LLC, in a letter dated 19 February 2005, that she was not interested in
Tysersall and would not be making any claim in respect of the said property.
She did not appear at the hearing of the Originating Summons.

18 In view of the positions adopted by the second to sixth defendants, only
the plaintiffs and the first defendant, TAS, presented arguments to the court
at the hearing of the Originating Summons.

**Validity of the bequest as governed by the _lex situs_**

19 As the crux of TAS’s case is that Sultan Abu Bakar’s will is governed by
Muslim law, I will first consider whether this assertion is correct.

20 In truth, TAS’s case as to why Muslim law applies to Sultan Abu Bakar’s
will is rather confusing. At first, he asserted that Muslim law was applicable
because Johor law was applicable. In contrast, his counsel, Mr Lim Chor Pee,
conceded at the hearing that the validity of the will was governed by the _lex
situs_ although he added that the Muslim law of inheritance was still relevant
because it was part of the _lex situs_. Both assertions will be considered.

21 To support his assertion that Johor law is applicable to the bequest of
Tyersall by Sultan Abu Bakar, TAS relied on the view of Mr Pawancheek bin
Marican, the author of a book on Islamic Inheritance Laws in Malaysia, who
stated in para 25 of his affidavit filed on 7 January 2005 as follows:

As the law applicable in Johore at the material time governing the estates of
Muslims was the Muslim law of succession and inheritance, the Will of Sultan
Abu Bakar must be decided in accordance with Islamic law.

22 Mr Pawancheek next explained in para 30 of his affidavit the restrictions
imposed by Muslim law on the disposal of a testator’s property as follows:

Muslim law imposes two principal restrictions upon testamentary power. The
first rule is that the testator cannot make a bequest in favour of a legal
heir unless the other legal heirs give their consent. The second restriction
is that the testament is invalid if the testator purports to bequeath more
than a third of his estate.

23 TAS also relied on the opinion of Dr Suwaid bin Tapah, an Associate
Professor at the Academy of Islamic Studies, University of Malaya, who, like
Mr Pawancheek, concluded that Muslim law governed Sultan Abu Bakar’s will.

24 Neither Mr Pawancheek nor Dr Suwaid considered the effect of the laws of
the colony of Singapore prevailing in 1895 before concluding that Muslim law
was applicable to the will. Under English law, as applied in the colony of
Singapore, the effect of a bequest of immovable property is governed
exclusively by the _lex situs_ and not by the _lex domicile_. Whether a
testator has the capacity to make a will and whether the will complies with
relevant formal requirements are governed by the _lex situs_. Choice of law
rules are also governed by the _lex situs_.

25 The relevance of the _lex situs_ has been confirmed in innumerable English
cases. In _In re_ _Miller_ [1914] 1 Ch 511, the testator, who made a will in a
Scottish form, devised lands in England and Scotland under terms which would
have created estates with different legal consequences depending on whether
the law of England or of Scotland was applicable. Warrington J held that the
incidents of the estate which could be created in English land had to be
determined by the law of the country where the land was situated and not by
the law of the country where the testator was domiciled.

26 In the colony of Singapore, the relevance of the _lex situs_ was
conclusively settled by the Straits Settlements Court of Appeal in _Sheriffa
Fatimah binte Aboobakar bin Mahomed Al Mashoor v Syed Allowee_ (1883) 2 Kyshe
(Eccles) 31 (“the _Sheriffa Fatimah_ case”), which pre-dates Sultan Abu
Bakar’s will. The facts in this case, which concerned the disposition by will
of immovable property in Singapore, will be discussed later on in this
judgment. All that needs to be noted at this juncture is that Wood J said at
33 that it was “clear law, that the incidents to real estate, the right of
alienating and limiting it, and the course of succession, depend entirely upon
the law of the country where the estate is situated”. That a decision of the
Straits Settlements Court of Appeal is binding on the High Court was
reiterated by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Sui Nam v Butterworth & Co
(Publishers) Ltd_ [1987] SLR 66. In view of this, it is clear that the law of
Johor does not govern the validity of Sultan Abu Bakar’s will.

**_Whether Muslim law was part of the_ lex situs _in 1895_**

27 I will next consider Mr Lim’s assertion that while the validity of Sultan
Abu Bakar’s will is governed by the _lex situs_ , Muslim law is applicable to
the will because it is part of the _lex situs_. In his written submissions, he
summarised his client’s position as follows:

(a) Whether the will is interpreted according to Johor law or Singapore law,
it must be interpreted according to Muslim law as the testator was a Muslim.

(b) The testator was not above Muslim law even if he was a sovereign.

(c) If a Muslim testator makes a bequest of his property (in Johor or
Singapore) to his eldest son that contravenes Muslim law, that bequest is
invalid.

(d) In considering the will of a Muslim, whether domiciled in Johor or
Singapore, the court cannot simply ignore Muslim law.

28 Mr Lim cited a number of Malaysian cases to support his assertions.
Regrettably, these Malaysian cases are not relevant for whatever may have been
the position of Muslims in the Malay states in the 19th century, the position
of Muslims in the Straits Settlements, of which the colony of Singapore was a
part, must be viewed in the context of the Second Charter of Justice 1826,
which set up the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island, Singapore and
Malacca, and required the Court of Judicature to “give and pass judgment
according to Justice and Right”. In _Regina v Willans_ (1858) 3 Kyshe 16 at
25–26, Sir Peter Benson Maxwell R explained the implications of the phrase
“Justice and Right” in the following oft-cited terms:

Now the Charter does not declare, _totidem verbis_ , that [the law of England]
shall be the territorial law of the Island; but all its leading provisions
manifestly require, that justice shall be administered according to it, and it
alone. … [A] direction in an English Charter to decide according to justice
and right, without expressly stating by what body of known law they shall be
dispensed, and so to decide in a Country which has not already an established
body of law, is plainly a direction to decide according to the law of England.

29 Admittedly, the law of England was “taken to be the governing law, so far
as it is applicable to the circumstances of the place”: see _Ong Cheng Neo v
Yeap Cheah Neo_ (1872) 1 Kyshe 326 at 344. However, the fact that English law
may be adapted to the circumstances of a particular colony is not a _carte
blanche_ for applying all aspects of native law. Indeed, in _In the Goods of
Abdullah_ (1835) 2 Kyshe (Eccles) 8, Malkin R rejected counsel’s suggestion
that the Second Charter of Justice should be interpreted so as to give the
inhabitants of the colonies the full benefit of their own laws, religions and
customs. He said (at 10) that “the introduction of the King’s Charter into
these Settlements had introduced the existing Law of England … and had
abrogated any law previously existing”. Note should also be taken of _Regina v
Willans_ where Maxwell R took the view that the Second Charter of Justice
provided for the exclusion of native law and that it did not seem that the
Charter had in any respect modified the law of England by any exceptional
adaptation of it to the religions and usages of the East.

30 The courts were very clear as to when English law might be adapted to local
circumstances. In _Khoo Hooi Leong v Khoo Chong Yeok_ [1930] AC 346 at 355,
Lord Russell of Killowen explained that “[t]he modifications of the law of
England which obtain in the Colony in the application of that law to the
various alien races established there, arise from the necessity of preventing
the injustice or oppression which would ensue if that law were applied to
alien races unmodified”. It is for this reason that Chinese and Malay
polygamous marriages were recognised in the Straits Settlements: see, for
instance, _In the Matter of the Estate of_ _Choo Eng Choon_ (1911) 12 SSLR
120; _In the Goods of_ _Lao Leong An_ (1867) 1 SSLR 1 and _Cheang Thye Phin v
Tan Ah Loy_ [1920] AC 369. In _Re Loh Toh Met, Decd_ [1961] MLJ 234 at 242,
Thomson CJ reiterated that such marriages were recognised “not by reason of
the religious beliefs of any particular individual but because it would be
unjust to apply it to him in this country as a member of the race to which he
belongs”.

31 As far as English law on the validity of wills is concerned, the courts did
not find it unjust to apply it to everyone in the Straits Settlements. In the
_Sheriffa Fatimah_ case ([25] _supra_), a Muslim merchant, who owned immovable
property in Singapore, executed a will in Arabia that was in conformity with
the laws of Singapore but was contrary to Muslim law, which was applicable in
Arabia, where he was domiciled. After his death, the plaintiff sought to set
aside his will on the ground that its provisions were contrary to Muslim law.
The Court of Appeal of the Straits Settlements, which affirmed the decision of
the court below, held that the will was valid. Ford Ag CJ stated at 33 that
“the plaintiff cannot invoke her rights under the Mahomedan Law of a foreign
state, to limit the devolution of land in these Settlements, made within the
limits allowed, and under the forms required by its laws, which in this
particular are identical with those of England”. As has been mentioned earlier
on, this decision of the Straits Settlements Court of Appeal is binding on the
High Court.

32 A similar approach was adopted in an earlier case in Penang, to which the
Second Charter of Justice 1826 also applied. In that case, namely _In the
Goods of Abdullah_ ([28] _supra_), the issue before the court was whether
letters of administration that had been granted to the widow of the deceased,
a Muslim, should be revoked on the ground that the deceased had in fact
executed a will. The widow contended that the will was inoperative because it
was not in accordance with Muslim law. This contention was rejected by Malkin
R, who held that a Muslim could, by will, alienate the whole of his property
even though this contravened Muslim law.

33 The Straits Settlements cases referred to above dispose of Mr Lim’s
argument that Muslim law was part of the _lex situs_ in 1895. All the same,
for a more complete picture of the development of the law in Singapore on
wills that are executed by Muslims, a brief reference ought to be made to the
Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed) (“AMLA”), which now
requires a Muslim domiciled in Singapore to dispose of his property by will
“in accordance with the provisions of and subject to the restrictions imposed
by the school of Muslim law professed by him”. It is crucial to note that s
111(2)(_c_) of the AMLA, which came into force in 1968, provides that nothing
in the Act shall affect the will of a Muslim dying before 1 July 1968. If
Muslim law had governed the wills of Muslims domiciled in Singapore before the
AMLA came into force, s 111(2)(_c_) of the Act would not have been necessary.
That the AMLA effected a “major change” in the law affecting the making of
wills by Muslims was stressed by the then Minister for Culture and Social
Affairs, Mr Othman bin Wok, on 30 December 1965 during the second reading of
the Administration of Muslim Law Bill when he informed Parliament as follows
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 December 1965) vol
24 at cols 772–773):

Part VII deals with property and in the main re-enacts the provisions of the
Muslims Ordinance, 1957. _One major change_ is the provision that the Muslim
law shall apply to dispositions by will by Muslims. The effect will be that a
Muslim can only freely dispose of one-third of his property by will; the
balance must be distributed to the persons entitled to take [on] intestacy.
[emphasis added]

34 If the relevant provisions of the AMLA are compared with those of the
Muslims Ordinance (No 25 of 1957), the “major change” referred to by the
Minister becomes very apparent. Unlike the AMLA, the Muslims Ordinance did not
place any restrictions on the making of wills by Muslims domiciled in
Singapore. The Ordinance merely empowered the court to vary a will to make
provision for an heir of a testator whose will did not make provision or
sufficient provision for that person in accordance with the school of Islam to
which the deceased belonged at the date of his death. The Ordinance required
an heir who wished to apply to the court for such a variation to do so within
six months from the date of extraction of probate or letters of administration
in regard to the testator’s estate.

35 To sum up, for reasons already stated, including the fact that this court
is bound by the decision of the Court of Appeal of the Straits Settlements in
the _Sheriffa Fatimah_ case ([25] _supra_), Muslim law with respect to the
disposition of immovable property by will was not part of the _lex situs_ in
1895. It follows that Sultan Abu Bakar’s will is valid regardless of whether
or not it contravened Muslim law.

**Construction of the will**

36 The next task of the court is to construe the provisions of Sultan Abu
Bakar’s will. The main issue before the court concerns the nature of the
bequest of Tyersall to Sultan Ibrahim.

37 The plaintiffs asserted that as Sultan Abu Bakar bequeathed Tyersall to
Sultan Ibrahim as “State property”, the said property was bequeathed to the
throne of Johor and is not part of Sultan Ibrahim’s estate. On the other hand,
TAS contended that Sultan Ibrahim was the absolute beneficial owner of
Tyersall in his personal capacity and that the property devolved to the
latter’s estate. How TAS could take this position when part of his case is
that Sultan Abu Bakar was not entitled under Muslim law to dispose of more
than a third of his property by will cannot be fathomed, and especially so
since he stated in para 9 of his first affidavit that he intended to seek a
declaration that “any bequest by Sultan Abu Bakar in his Will … to his eldest
son … solely to the exclusion of his other children … is voidable, unless they
give their subsequent consent to the bequest”.

38 Although it is often said that the common law requires the provisions of a
will to be construed according to the system of law intended by the testator
and that this is presumably the law of his domicile, the court’s primary task
is to ensure that the testator’s intentions, as expressed in his will, are not
thwarted. The position is summed up in _Cheshire and North’s Private
International Law_ (Butterworths, 13th Ed, 1999) at p 995, in the following
terms:

The province of construction is to ascertain the expressed intentions of the
testator … [T]he duty of any court, no matter in which country it may sit, is
to give effect to the expressed intentions and, _if these are clear, there can
be no occasion to test the language of the will by reference to any particular
legal system_ _._ If, however, the language of the will leaves the intention
doubtful, or if it uses expressions which are ambiguous or equivocal … a
problem of choice of law arises, for it is essential that the doubtful
intention of the testator should be ascertained by reference to rules of
construction obtaining in one particular system of law. [emphasis added]

39 Sultan Abu Bakar’s will is very clear and unambiguous. It reveals that he
was fully aware of the concept of “State property”. He referred to two
categories of “State property” that were intended for his successor’s “use and
possession _as Sovereign Ruler_ ” [emphasis added]. The first category
concerned:

all such properties, things, and objects as are said to be State heritage or
belongings … namely, my Istana together with all its gardens and surroundings
and furnitures of every description, kind and use; all state buildings in
Johore Bharu and in any other dependencies of the State of Johore; the crown,
and all the paraphernalia and things all complete as used in the State
Ceremonials …

40 The second category concerned properties that Sultan Abu Bakar had “by
[_his_] _own will, and pleasure_ ... declared and constituted as the property
of the State” [emphasis added]. These properties are by their nature and
character not the property of the State. Tyersall was expressly designated as
such a “State property”. If Sultan Abu Bakar had intended to bequeath Tyersall
to Sultan Ibrahim as the latter’s personal property, he would not have used
the words “for his use and possession as Sovereign Ruler” and “similarly as
State property” to describe the nature of the bequest. These critical words
put beyond doubt his intention that Sultan Ibrahim was to hold Tyersall and
all other State properties in his capacity as the sovereign ruler of Johor and
not in his personal capacity. The plaintiffs’ counsel, Mr Davinder Singh SC,
rightly pointed out that if, as TAS contended, the compensation for the
compulsory acquisition of Tyersall should be distributed to all the lawful
beneficiaries of Sultan Ibrahim’s estate, then all these beneficiaries would
be entitled to claim an interest in the Istana and all other state buildings
in Johor as well as in the State of Johor’s crown, weapons and firearms. This
would be absurd and was not Sultan Abu Bakar’s intention, as expressed in his
will.

41 It is also evident that Sultan Abu Bakar’s expressed intention was for
Tyersall to become “State property” after his death because he drew a
distinction between Tyersall and his other private properties in Singapore. He
bequeathed a property known as “Woodneuk”, which is adjacent to Tyersall,
absolutely to his wife, Sultanah Khadijah. In his will, he provided as
follows:

And I give and bequeath to my wife, Sultana Khadijah … the ground, house,
furniture, and garden situated in the district of Tanglin in Singapore called
“Woodneuk” … which is near by the Istana Tyersall.

42 As for his remaining properties in Singapore, he arranged for them to be
divided among his heirs. He provided as follows in his will:

And with regard to my other lands … and properties in the Island of Singapore,
namely, the land at Teluk Blanga, the godowns in the Town of Singapore, Cairn
Hill Estate, Mount Victoria Estate … and the land house and garden in Thomson
Road, I leave them all under the superintendence and charge of my said
Executor, on behalf and for the benefit of my heirs whom I shall name each one
separately.

43 For the reasons stated above, I hold that it is absolutely clear from
Sultan Abu Bakar’s will that he intended that Tyersall would no longer be
private property after his death but would become “State property” in the
hands of the reigning Sultan of Johor. In view of this, there is, to use the
words of _Cheshire and North,_ ([38] _supra_), “no occasion to test the
language of the will by reference to any particular legal system”. There is
thus no need to consider the _lex loci_ for the purpose of construing the
words chosen by Sultan Abu Bakar with respect to the bequest of Tyersall.

**_The armchair rule_**

44 The plaintiffs’ counsel, Mr Davinder Singh, invited the court to take into
account the so-called “armchair rule”, which enables the court to put itself
in a testator’s shoes and consider the circumstances and knowledge of the
testator. In _Perrin v Morgan_ [1943] AC 399, Lord Romer explained at 420:

[A] will should be so construed as to give effect to the intention of the
testator, such intention being gathered from the language of the will read in
the light of the circumstances in which the will was made. To understand the
language employed the court is entitled, to use a familiar expression, to sit
in the testator’s armchair. When seated there, however, the court is not
entitled to make a fresh will for the testator merely because it strongly
suspects that the testator did not mean what he has plainly said …

45 It was pointed out that Sultan Abu Bakar was influenced by English concepts
as he was educated in Keasberry’s Academy, a boarding school run by an
Englishman, and had frequently travelled to England and Europe. He retained a
firm of solicitors in Singapore, M/s Rodyk & Davidson, as his personal
advisers, and was advised by English lawyers when he sought to rely on
sovereign immunity after he was sued for breach of promise to marry in
England: see _Mighell v Sultan of Johore_ [1894] 1 QB 149. In _A History of
Johore_ _(1365–1941)_ (MBRAS Reprint No 6, 2nd Reprint, 1992), R O Winstedt
shed some light on how English habits influenced Sultan Abu Bakar when he
stated at pp 135–136 as follows:

Sultan Abu-Bakar played cricket and billiards, kept a stud of horses and was a
lavish host. In 1882 he entertained Prince Albert Victor and Prince George of
Wales. The royal princes found the “huge drawing-room like one of the state-
rooms at Windsor and furnished from London” … In the afternoon the Sultan
drove a four-in-hand to the Singapore races, with His Majesty the present King
beside him on the box:— the Sultan won four out of five races, his best horse
being an Australian ‘Lord Harry’. A few years later the Sultan entertained the
Duke of Sutherland for several days … The Palace Library preserved the
Victorian atmosphere, contained many of Wilkie Collins’ novels and volumes of
_Punch_ and the _Art Journal_.

46 Sultan Abu Bakar, who spent long periods in England and died in London,
appeared rather pleased with the warmth with which he was received by the
British royal family. R O Windstedt elaborated on this at p 136 of his book as
follows:

On 2 August 1878, [Sultan Abu Bakar] wrote from 62 Queen’s Gate South
Kensington, to Colonel Anson at Penang:— “I intend, if possible, to visit
Paris, Vienna and perhaps Italy. … Her Majesty the Queen has honored me with
an audience, and I have had the honour of meeting the Prince and Princess of
Wales and attending a State Ball at Buckingham Palace”. … For her jubilee in
1887, he had presented Queen Victoria with a silver model of the Albert
Memorial, which she treasured at Windsor. On 25 February 1891, he was invited
to dine and stay at the Castle… The ruler … dined seated at the right hand of
the Queen, heard Her Majesty propose his health … and was carried off to
another apartment to talk for hours with her whose words the East held sacred.
In March the Queen wrote in her own hand a letter to the Sultan thanking him
for a walking-stick and signing herself his “affectionate friend.” In the
summer the Queen sent the Sultan her bust in marble.

47 The plaintiffs contended that having absorbed English culture and ideas
extensively, Sultan Abu Bakar must have wanted Tyersall to be handed over to
his heir in the same manner that Crown property passes in England. Their
counsel, Mr Davinder Singh, summed up the position in para 112 of his
submissions as follows:

It is clear … that Sultan Abu Bakar was heavily influenced by and imbibed
English concepts and ideas. He incorporated it into almost every aspect of his
life – personal and political. Given that Sultan Abu Bakar frequently used
English legal advisers (he retained Messrs Rodyk & Davidson as his
confidential advisers) and given the terms of the Will, it is extremely likely
that the Will was drafted with the advice of, if not by, someone extremely
knowledgeable in English law.

48 In my view, there is no need to consider the armchair rule for the simple
reason that Sultan Abu Bakar’s intention with respect to the bequest of
Tyersall was clear. All the same, had it been necessary, the armchair rule
would have supported the assertion that Tyersall was bequeathed to Sultan
Ibrahim as “State property” and not to him personally.

**Whether the bequest of Tyersall is invalid for any other reason**

49 Whether Sultan Abu Bakar’s bequest of Tyersall to Sultan Ibrahim as “State
property” is invalid for any other reason will next be considered. According
to TAS, a bequest of Tyersall to the reigning Sultan of Johor would be invalid
because it infringes the rule against perpetuities. He also argued that the
bequest of Tyersall to Sultan Ibrahim as “State property” did not make sense
because the State of Johor did not exist in 1895.

**_The rule against perpetuities_**

50 While the rule against perpetuities was applicable in the Straits
Settlements, TAS’s contention that the bequest of Tyersall infringed this rule
is misconceived. The effect of the rule against perpetuities is explained in
_Williams on Wills_ (Butterworths, 7th Ed, 1995) vol 1 at p 820 as follows:

The rule is directed to ensure that interests shall vest within the period
allowed by the rule, and if an interest is immediately vested or must
necessarily vest within the period allowed, its validity cannot be questioned
so far as this rule is concerned. An interest becomes vested when, first, the
person or persons or corporation or body of persons to whom or to which it is
limited is or are ascertained and in existence and capable of taking,
secondly, the quantum of the interest is ascertained, and thirdly, all other
events have happened to enable the interest to come into possession at once,
subject to the determination at any time of the prior interests.

51 The bequest of Tyersall as “State property” did not offend the rule against
perpetuities because it is a bequest to a “corporation sole”. _Black’s Law
Dictionary_ (West Group, 7th Ed, 1999) defines a “corporation sole” as
follows:

A series of successive persons holding an office; a continuous legal
personality that is attributed to successive holders of certain monarchical or
ecclesiastical positions, such as kings, bishops, rectors, vicars, and the
like. This continuous personality is viewed, by legal fiction, as having the
qualities of a corporation.

52 It follows that a sovereign in his political capacity is regarded as
“immortal”. The person who is sovereign may change but the sovereign is always
present. As the beneficial title to Tyersall vested immediately in the
corporation sole, the question of infringement of the rule against
perpetuities does not arise.

**_Whether Johor was a state in 1895_**

53 As for TAS’s assertion that Sultan Abu Bakar’s bequest of Tyersall to his
successor in his capacity as sovereign ruler of the State of Johor or to the
State of Johor was not valid because the State of Johor was not in existence
in 1895, reliance was placed on the opinion of a historian, Dato’ Khoo Kay
Kim, who stated as follows in para 8 of his affidavit:

[T]here was no separate body as the “State of Johor” that was distinguishable
from the Sultan of Johor before the 1957 Constitution of Malaya (now Malaysia)
constituting the Federal Government and eleven States (Negeri) with their
respective jurisdictions and powers separate from the Rulers.

54 This line of argument is flawed because what is more relevant in this case
is whether or not there is a distinction between the Sultan of Johor’s private
property and “State property”. In this context, it is useful to note that
Dato’ Khoo accepted in para 6 of his affidavit that in general, “it should be
possible to find several examples of Malay rulers in the other Malay kingdoms
who owned private property”. In any case, reference should be made to _Mighell
v Sultan of Johore_ ([45] _supra_). In this case, Sultan Abu Bakar sought to
set aside an order of substituted service of a writ of summons in an action
against him for breach of promise to marry on the ground that the English
court had no jurisdiction over him. As the answer to the question whether
Sultan Abu Bakar was a sovereign was crucial to the determination of the case,
Wright J requested the Colonial Office to ascertain Sultan Abu Bakar’s status.
The Colonial Office informed the court that Johor was an independent state in
the Malay Peninsula and that Sultan Abu Bakar was the sovereign ruler of that
territory. It pointed out that he raised and maintained armed forces on sea
and land, organised a postal system, founded orders of knighthood, conferred
titles of honour and exercised the usual attributes of a sovereign. In view of
this, in the Divisional Court, Wills J had occasion to state at 153:

We are told by that letter that the Sultan, “generally speaking, exercises
without question the usual attributes of a sovereign ruler.” … There can be no
doubt that he is still an independent ruling sovereign, and this case must be
decided upon exactly the same considerations as if the ruler of some undoubted
great Power – such as the King of Italy, or the President of the French
Republic – had been sued in the Courts of this country.

55 The decision of the Divisional Court was affirmed by the Court of Appeal.
It follows that TAS’s contention that the bequest of Tyersall in 1895 failed
because the State of Johor did not exist at that time does not rest on a firm
foundation.

**Miscellaneous points raised by TAS**

56 I will now consider some miscellaneous points raised by TAS. To begin with,
in paras 18 and 19 of his first affidavit, he stated as follows:

The titles also show that the Land or part of it was mortgaged to third
parties to raise loans. These records will show that the Land was treated as
personal property by Sultan Ibrahim and not as State property.

There are also Deeds of Assignment in 1938 whereby Sultan Ibrahim purchased
the interests of his three sisters in the Land. It is submitted that if the
Land had become “State” Land in 1895, why was it necessary for Sultan Ibrahim
to purchase the interests of his sisters in the Land in 1938?

57 What Sultan Ibrahim did in relation to Tyersall is not relevant for the
purpose of construing what the testator intended. It may be recalled that
Tyersall was conveyed to Sultan Ibrahim on 4 August 1934 as “State property
and upon the terms and conditions set forth in Sultan Abu Bakar’s will”. In
any case, as far as the alleged mortgage is concerned, the evidence before the
court was that Tyersall is free from encumbrances. As for the deeds of
assignment executed by Sultan Ibrahim’s sisters in October 1938, it appears
that Sultan Ibrahim arranged for the execution of these deeds out of an
abundance of caution. Apart from furnishing a nominal consideration of $10,
the deeds referred to an “ _alleged_ entitlement” to certain rights with
respect to Tyersall.

58 Finally, the reliance by TAS on the Inheritance Certificate of the estate
of Sultan Ibrahim issued by the Syariah Court of Singapore on 21 October 2004
merits comment. As I have found that Tyersall was not a part of Sultan
Ibrahim’s personal estate, the Inheritance Certificate in question does not
concern the disposition of this property.

**Conclusion**

59 For reasons already stated, I hold that as Tyersall was bequeathed by
Sultan Abu Bakar to the throne of Johor in 1895, the second plaintiff is, as
the reigning Sultan, entitled to receive the compensation sum of $25m awarded
by the Collector for the compulsory acquisition of Tyersall. I thus order that
the compensation sum paid into court by the Collector, together with any
interest under s 41 of the Land Acquisition Act, be paid to the second
plaintiff.

60 In view of my decision on the validity of the bequest of Tyersall, it
follows that the defendants are not “persons interested” for the purposes of s
23 of the Land Acquisition Act and have no standing to appeal to the Appeals
Board constituted under s 19 of the said Act.

**Costs**

61 As far as the dispute between the plaintiffs and the first defendant is
concerned, the plaintiffs are entitled to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

