Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chong Chee Keong v Official Assignee  
[2005] SGHC 119

Case Number | : | OS 38/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mohan Singh and Jorita Koh (K K Yap and Partners) for the plaintiff; Kamala Ponnampalam (Assistant Official Assignee) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Chong Chee Keong — Official Assignee   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Discharge – Official Assignee filing proof of
debt on bankrupt's behalf against company in liquidation – Dividend from
liquidated company declared in favour of bankrupt after bankrupt discharged
from bankruptcy – Whether Official Assignee entitled to dividend to pay
bankrupt's creditors  
  

6 July 2005  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is 73 years old. He was a shareholder and managing director of
a company called Lip Sin Construction Pte Ltd, a company incorporated in 1972.
Its main business was to provide engineering and construction services. It was
wound up on 13 August 1999 and the Official Receiver was appointed the
Liquidator of its assets in liquidation. A few months later, on 10 December
1999, the plaintiff was himself adjudicated a bankrupt on a petition by OCBC
Finance Ltd (“OCBC”). OCBC filed a proof of debt of $79,157.58. Another
creditor, Lonpac Insurance Bhd (“Lonpac”), filed a claim for $23,170.17,
making the total sum claimed $102,327.75. The Official Assignee, in turn,
filed a proof of debt of $682,304.00 on 21 April 2001, on the plaintiff’s
behalf against the company in liquidation. Nothing further of significance
occurred until 30 June 2003 when the plaintiff received a letter from the
Official Assignee stating that pursuant to s 125 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2000 Rev Ed), the Official Assignee had discharged the plaintiff from his
bankruptcy on 30 June 2003. The certificate of discharge was given together
with the letter of 30 June 2003. It should be noted that the plaintiff’s debts
were not paid in full but his creditors did not oppose his discharge. They
agreed, however, to accept, and did receive, the costs of the bankruptcy
petition, as well as dividends of 0.42%.

2 On 5 July 2004, the Official Receiver wrote to inform the plaintiff that a
dividend of 16.33% was declared in the liquidation of the company, and a sum
of $111,420.24 was due to the plaintiff, being his entitlement. This was
confirmed by another letter dated 30 July 2004. On 10 August 2004, the
Official Assignee was of the view that the money vested in the Official
Assignee and would be used to pay the plaintiff’s creditors, and thus asked
that the Official Receiver to pay the sum of $111,420.24 to him instead for
the stated purpose. Consequently, the plaintiff instituted this Originating
Summons for a declaration that the money should be paid over to him. The
Official Assignee disputed the claim on the said basis that the whole of the
plaintiff’s property and assets had been vested in the Official Assignee upon
the bankruptcy of the plaintiff. The Official Assignee submitted that:

The subsequent payment on the claim by [the company] is but merely the
realization of this claim ie. the conversion of this asset into cash. This
claim is clearly not property acquired [or] devolved on the plaintiff after
his discharge.

To sustain this argument, the Official Assignee relied on the definition of
“property” in s 2(1) of the Bankruptcy Act, which defines “property” as
follows:

“property” includes money, goods, things in action, land and every description
of property wherever situated and also obligations and every description of
interest, whether present or future or vested or contingent, arising out of or
incidental to, property;

Counsel for the Official Assignee submitted that the phrase, “things in
action” meant “chose-in-action”, and that denoted a right to claim property.
These statements are accurate and correct, but the issue was a narrower one
and it was whether the Official Assignee was still entitled to money claimed
during bankruptcy (when the chose-in-action vested with him), but only due
after the certificate of discharge had been given. The Official Assignee took
the view that the money due, if traced, would lead back to the time when the
right to claim it against the company was vested with him (the Official
Assignee), and he had already lodged the proof of debt as holder of that
chose-in-action at that material time. Consequently, it was argued that the
money must be paid over to him.

3 Mr Mohan Singh, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the certificate of
discharge was granted unconditionally, and as such, the Official Assignee
could not now lay claim to money due after the certificate had been issued. I
find, however, that although the certificate of discharge was a plainly but
clearly worded document of discharge, and nothing more was stated there, the
certificate was not, in fact, issued unconditionally. In the covering letter
of the same date, the Official Assignee stated:

Please be informed that a discharge by certificate will not release you from
debts:

(i) due to the government e.g. Comptroller of Income Tax, Central Provident
Fund Board;

(ii) arising from personal injuries caused to a person; and

(iii) arising from any order made in proceedings under the Women’s Charter
relating to family matters.

In the circumstances, the money in question was not due to the Official
Assignee even if he was deemed to be representing the “government” in the same
way that the Comptroller of Income Tax was in the Official Assignee’s letter
above. The money was merely being claimed by the latter, but was, in the
context of the Official Assignee’s stand in this matter, clearly due to other
creditors. The omission of any express reservation of rights to such money was
obvious, and, in my opinion, crucial. The money was claimed by the Official
Assignee exercising a right (the said chose-in-action) that hitherto belonged
to the plaintiff, for the benefit of the plaintiff as well as the creditors of
the plaintiff. The creditors had given their consent to the issuance of the
certificate of discharge, and there was no evidence that that was done subject
to a reservation of their right to any money that might be due after the
certificate was granted.

4 A preservation of that right is important because the certificate of
discharge is a statutory instrument that wipes the slate clean for the
bankrupt so that he might carry on with his life afresh, free of past debts
and liabilities. The certificate of discharge is a document that certifies and
declares to the world at large that no more debt is owed by the discharged
bankrupt. Any residual rights must revert to the discharged bankrupt. That
being the case, any money that comes subsequently into the Official Assignee’s
hands must be turned over to the discharged bankrupt unless the Official
Assignee had expressly reserved that money as a condition to the discharge.
The letter from the Official Assignee that accompanied the certificate of
discharge expressly laid down certain conditions. A reservation of right to
the money in question was not one of them. Without that reservation, the
Official Assignee can retain the money only if the certificate of discharge is
set aside by the court. But that is a separate matter and requires an
application to be made by the Official Assignee, and I expect that in the
course of such an application, the circumstances in which the plaintiff’s
creditors had given their consent among other issues (not presently relevant)
might be relevant. Since the plaintiff is a discharged bankrupt, the burden is
not on him to explain the whys and wherefores of his discharge – unless he had
been expressly told or knew clearly that the money now due to him has to be
disbursed to past creditors. That is not the case here. A person in the
plaintiff’s circumstances could have committed himself financially after
learning that money was due to him. That person would be put in an impossible
situation if the Official Assignee were entitled, as a principle of law, to
the money in such circumstances.

5 The plaintiff’s claim is therefore allowed and there will be an order in
terms of prayers 1 and 2. I shall hear the question of costs at a later date
if parties are unable to agree on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

