Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Stratech Systems Ltd v Nyam Chiu Shin (alias Yan Qiuxin) and Others  
[2005] SGCA 17

Case Number | : | CA 78/2004, 98/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Woo Bih Li J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant in CA 78/2004 and the respondent in CA 98/2004; S Suressh and Merissa Quek (Harry Elias Partnership) for the first and second respondents in CA 78/2004; Goh Phai Cheng SC and Melvin Lum (Ang and Partners) for the third respondent in CA 78/2004 and the appellant in CA 98/2004   
Parties | : |  Stratech Systems Ltd — Nyam Chiu Shin (alias Yan Qiuxin); Wong Leh Hung; Guthrie Engineering (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Employment Law – Contract of service – Breach – Company employees cloning hard
disks of company's computers without company's knowledge or permission –
Whether information taken constituting confidential information or trade
secrets – Whether actions of employees amounting to breach of confidentiality
undertaking in employment contract  
  
Employment Law – Contract of service – Restrictive covenants – Whether
restraint of trade clause in company's employment contract protecting any
legitimate interest of company – Whether clause binding on and applicable to
company employees – Whether company employees breaching clause  
  
Tort – Inducement of breach of contract – Whether company inducing another
company's employees to breach confidentiality and restraint of trade clauses
in employment contracts  
  

28 March 2005

Woo Bih Li J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 In late 1997, the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) invited tenders for the
award of a contract for the design, supply, installation and commissioning of
a Vehicle Entry Permit/Toll System (“VEPS”). VEPS is an automated electronic
system which allows drivers at the Woodlands, Tuas and Changi Ferry Terminal
checkpoints to pay the toll fee by way of their cash cards. Guthrie
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (“Guthrie”) and Stratech Systems Limited (“Stratech”)
collaborated to obtain this contract from LTA. LTA eventually awarded the
contract to Guthrie in March 1999. LTA also awarded Guthrie a contract for the
post-warranty maintenance of VEPS.

2 In April 1999, Guthrie awarded a sub-contract to Stratech to supply part of
the hardware and the entire software for VEPS (“the VEPS sub-contract”).

3 VEPS was commissioned by LTA on 9 May 2000. Over the years, Stratech
developed many versions of the VEPS software, each of which was a slightly
modified and improved version of the previous one. It was not disputed that
LTA owns the title and intellectual property rights to VEPS up to version 115
(“V115”).

4 Stratech and Guthrie did not sign a sub-contract for the post-warranty
maintenance due to disagreement over a payment term. Despite the lack of a
formal agreement, Stratech carried out post-warranty maintenance works and
occasional enhancement works on VEPS after the warranty period for the system
expired on 9 May 2001.

5 In February 2003, LTA asked Guthrie to integrate VEPS with Singapore’s
Electronic Road Pricing System (“ERP” system). Under this system, foreign
motorists would be able to pay a fixed ERP charge at the same time that they
paid their toll charges, and so be able to enter ERP zones in Singapore
without having to install an in-vehicle unit. Guthrie instructed Stratech to
modify the VEPS software for compatibility with the ERP system (the “VEPS-ERP
link”).

6 Stratech began work on the VEPS-ERP link and saved its work in a file named
version 116 (“V116”). The V116 file was stored in one of five computers which
Stratech kept in LTA’s office. Stratech’s principal engineer working on V116
was a person by the name of Armin Budiman (“Armin”). Two other persons, Nyam
Chiu Shin (“Nyam”) and Wong Leh Hung (“Wong), also featured.

7 Stratech alleged that Nyam was the database administrator for VEPS and was
involved in much of the back-end operations to develop software for VEPS and
for V116. On the other hand, Nyam’s position was that she was employed by
Stratech as Database Administrator in July 2000. In June 2002, she was
appointed as Project Leader of VEPS. Nyam alleged that notwithstanding her
title, she did not do database administration work and was mainly engaged in
the maintenance of back-end application software for VEPS and worked on
software enhancements to VEPS. She was in no way involved in the design,
development or installation of VEPS which was already installed and running at
the Causeway and Second Link when she commenced her employment with Stratech.

8 Stratech also alleged that it had employed Wong as Software Engineer between
January 2001 and April 2003 and he was heavily involved in much of the
research and development of the software for VEPS. Although Wong accepted he
was employed by Stratech as Software Engineer, he too alleged that he was in
no way involved in the design, development or installation of VEPS. Like Nyam,
he alleged that VEPS was already installed and running at the Causeway and
Second Link when he commenced his employment with Stratech. He said his
primary job function was to maintain the front-end application software of
VEPS and he did work on enhancements to the software.

9 On 24 March 2003, Stratech demanded payment from Guthrie in respect of
certain claims under the VEPS sub-contract and post-warranty maintenance
works. It also asked Guthrie to sign a formal sub-contract with it for the
post-warranty maintenance of VEPS. It warned Guthrie that it would stop all
work on V116 the next day, and halt all post-warranty maintenance work on VEPS
by 28 March 2003, if Guthrie did not accede to Stratech’s demands. As Guthrie
did not comply with Stratech’s conditions, Stratech terminated its work on
V116 on 25 March 2003, and ceased all post-warranty maintenance services for
VEPS on 28 March 2003. Armin was instructed to remove his computer from LTA’s
office and bring it back to Stratech’s office. Once in Stratech’s office, he
was told to copy his work on V116 onto Stratech’s server as well as onto a
compact disk (“the CD”). Armin then deleted V116 from the computer but left
the other files and data intact before returning the computer to LTA’s office.

10 When Stratech pulled out, Guthrie approached National Computer Systems Pte
Ltd (“NCS”) to take over the post-warranty maintenance of VEPS. NCS quoted a
price of $1.6m for 15 months of maintenance which was roughly $106,666 per
month, in contrast to Stratech’s significantly lower charges of $59,000 to
$61,000 per month. Although Guthrie sub-contracted the work on the VEPS-ERP
link to NCS, it chose not to sub-contract the post-warranty maintenance work
to NCS. Instead, Foong Siew Peng (“Foong”), a manager at Guthrie, contacted
Nyam to ask if she and her team members (including Wong and Armin) would like
to work for Guthrie. After some discussion, Nyam and Wong agreed to Foong’s
proposal. Eventually they were employed by Electrical Product International
Pte Ltd (“EPI”).

11 On 25 April 2003, Nyam terminated her employment with Stratech and later
paid two months’ salary in lieu of notice. After Nyam left, Stratech realised
that one CD containing V116 was missing. Internal investigations were carried
out on the same day whereupon Armin claimed that he had taken the CD home,
broken it and thrown it away. Wong did not turn up for work on 28 April 2003.
He terminated his employment with Stratech by a letter of resignation dated 25
April 2003 and subsequently tendered a payment in lieu of notice as demanded
by Stratech’s solicitors. Armin terminated his employment with Stratech on 28
April 2003 but did not join Guthrie or EPI until more than nine months later.
Soon after, Stratech employed private investigators and determined that Nyam
and Wong had been employed by EPI.

12 On 30 April 2003, Guthrie was put on notice that Stratech’s employees were
bound by confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition clauses and
Stratech would take action against any party who induced a breach of such
obligations.

13 Foong admitted that Nyam and Wong were formally employed by EPI in order to
“put more distance” between them and Guthrie. However, their “true and
effective” employer was Guthrie, as evinced by the secondment of both Nyam and
Wong to Guthrie to carry out post-warranty maintenance work on VEPS. Guthrie
paid their salaries in lieu of notice, promised them a 20% pay increase and
full indemnity for any legal costs and damages which might arise.

14 Stratech applied for and obtained an Anton Piller order, which was executed
in May 2003. It seized five computers from Guthrie’s premises. The computers
were found to contain numerous files belonging to Stratech. Guthrie admitted
that it had cloned the contents of four hard disks from Stratech’s computers
in LTA’s office in order to facilitate post-warranty maintenance works on
VEPS.

15 On 19 May 2003, Stratech filed the present action, _ie_ , Suit No 505 of
2003, in the High Court against Nyam, Wong and Guthrie as the first, second
and third defendants respectively. Nyam and Wong were represented by different
solicitors from those representing Guthrie. The present action is the second
of two actions between Stratech and Guthrie involving VEPS.

16 Stratech’s claims in the present action rested on two provisions in its
employment contract with each of Nyam and Wong, that is, cll 8.1 and 9.4.
These provisions state:

**8._Confidentiality_**

8.1 You shall not either during the continuance of your employment hereunder
or after termination of your employment except in the proper course of your
duties with the Company divulge to any person and/or outside party any
information as to the practice, business dealings or affairs of the Company or
any of its customers or any company in the habit of dealing with the Company
and shall use your best endeavours to prevent the publication or disclosure of
any trade secret or any information concerning the business technology or
finances of the Company or any of its dealings, transactions or affairs which
may come to your knowledge during or in the course of your employment.

**9._Termination_**

...

9.4 You shall not, during the continuance of your employment with the Company
and for a period of nine (9) months after the termination of your employment
with the Company, and whether on your own account or as employee, partner or
otherwise, directly or indirectly engage or be concerned in any business in
direct competition with the Company or be employed by any person or entity who
shall at any time during the continuance of your employment hereunder have
been in the employment of or in the habit of dealing with the Company in
Singapore.

17 Stratech also alleged that Nyam and Wong had the following implied duties:

(a) a duty of good faith and fidelity to Stratech;

(b) a duty, so long as the contract of employment subsisted, not to misuse any
information confidential to Stratech or to disclose such information to any
third party;

(c) a duty, following the termination of the contract of employment, not to
use or disclose any trade secrets or other highly confidential information of
Stratech to any third party.

However, these duties did not enhance Stratech’s case against Nyam, Wong and
Guthrie and Stratech’s appeal focused on cll 8.1 and 9.4.

18 Stratech alleged that Nyam and Wong had breached cl 8.1 because they had
divulged to Guthrie confidential information and trade secrets of Stratech
which came to Nyam’s and Wong’s knowledge during or in the course of their
employment with Stratech.

19 Stratech also alleged that Nyam and Wong had breached cl 9.4 because they
were employed by Guthrie within nine months of the termination of their
employment with Stratech and Guthrie was in direct competition with Stratech
or, alternatively, Guthrie was in the habit of dealing with Stratech in
Singapore.

20 Stratech’s claim against Guthrie was for the tort of inducing Nyam and Wong
to breach their contract with Stratech by knowingly receiving confidential
information and trade secrets and by employing Nyam and Wong knowingly in
breach of cl 9.4.

**The decision below**

21 The judge below (see [2004] SGHC 168) dismissed Stratech’s claim under cl
8.1 in respect of trade secrets and confidential information. As for
Stratech’s claim under cl 9.4, the judge dismissed the claim against Nyam and
Wong. However, he found Guthrie liable for inducing Nyam and Wong to breach cl
9.4. The trial judge awarded Stratech nominal damages of $1,000 as he was of
the view that Stratech had not suffered any real or substantial damage.

22 Stratech then appealed in Civil Appeal No 78 of 2004 (“CA 78/2004”), and
Guthrie cross-appealed in Civil Appeal No 98 of 2004 (“CA 98/2004”), against
various aspects of the decision below. After hearing submissions, we dismissed
Stratech’s appeal and allowed Guthrie’s cross-appeal. We now set out our
reasons.

**Summary of issues in both appeals**

23 The issues raised in the appeal and cross-appeal can be conveniently
summarised under three broad headings:

(a) Clause 8.1: Whether trade secrets or confidential information was taken
from Stratech.

(b) Clause 9.4:

(i) Whether cl 9 was binding and applicable;

(ii) Whether Nyam and Wong had breached cl 9;

(iii) Whether Guthrie induced Nyam and Wong to breach cl 9.

(c) Damages: Whether Stratech was entitled to more than nominal damages.

**_Clause 8.1_**

24 Stratech’s submission before us focused not on trade secrets but on whether
confidential information had been taken from Stratech.

25 As regards the V116 file which had been copied onto the CD, the judge below
accepted the evidence of Armin that he had taken the CD home, broken it and
thrown it away. As this was a finding of fact based on the judge’s assessment
of Armin’s evidence, Stratech acknowledged in para 14 of its Appellant’s Case
that it could not really take this point further on appeal even though it
still considered Armin’s evidence as implausible.

26 In Stratech’s appeal, it focused instead on the fact that Guthrie had, with
the help of Nyam and Wong, cloned four hard disks from Stratech’s computers at
LTA’s office and copied files from them. It was Stratech’s case that these
hard disks contained confidential information which Nyam and Wong used to meet
Guthrie’s post-warranty maintenance obligations to LTA.

27 Stratech did not specify in its pleadings or in its evidence the
confidential information which had been allegedly taken. For example, in
response to a request for further and better particulars of Stratech’s Amended
Statement of Claim, Stratech answered:

**C._Paragraph 17_**

Of: “The Plaintiff further avers that the 1st and 2nd Defendants did disclose
and/or use confidential information …”

Please:

1\. Identify the confidential information that the 1st and 2nd Defendants are
alleged to have disclosed and/or used.

_Ans: The 1 st and 2nd Defendant disclosed all the Plaintiffs’ information
contained in the 5 computers at LTA as well as confidential information
acquired by them in the course of employment._

28 Instead, Stratech sought to establish its case under cl 8.1 by various
arguments. Before we come to those arguments, it is appropriate to refer to
_Tang Siew Choy v Certact Pte_ Ltd [1993] 3 SLR 44.

29 In that case, the first appellant had joined the Industrial Machine Tools &
Chemical Department (“IMTC”) of the respondent, Certact Pte Ltd (“Certact”),
as a technical sales executive. In 1986 he was promoted to Sales Manager and
Head of IMTC. The second appellant joined Certact on 9 February 1987 as a
sales engineer in IMTC. The first and second appellants resigned from Certact
on 28 and 27 February 1991 respectively and subsequently joined a company
which was referred to as Axiom. The second appellant was a director and
shareholder of Axiom. On 6 March 1991, Certact sued the first and second
appellants for damages for breach of contract and/or fiduciary and/or
statutory obligations. It also sought injunctions against the two appellants
and Axiom, which was the third appellant, restraining them from disclosing,
divulging and/or making use of any confidential information or trade secrets
which the first and second appellants had acquired while they were employed by
Certact, and for other interlocutory reliefs. On 7 March 1991, Certact
obtained the interlocutory injunctions as sought, as well as Anton Piller
relief and orders for discovery, against the appellants. The appellants
appealed to discharge the injunctions. They were unsuccessful. Their appeal to
the Court of Appeal was dismissed. In his judgment for the Court of Appeal,
Lai Kew Chai J said, at 46, [2]:

The context of the appeal was the familiar one of an employer seeking to
restrain former employees from using allegedly confidential information
acquired during their employment in competition with the company. It was
pertinent in such a context to bear in mind the observations which Hoffman J
(as he then was) made in _Lock International plc v Beswick & Ors_. Although
the observations were made in the context of Anton Piller relief, they are, in
our view, of a wider importance. The learned judge said (at p 383):

…

Some employers seem to regard competition from former employees as presumptive
evidence of dishonesty. Many have great difficulty in understanding the
distinction between genuine trade secrets and knowledge which the employee may
take away with him. In cases in which the plaintiff alleges misuse of trade
secrets or confidential information concerning a manufacturing process, a lack
of particularity about the precise nature of the trade secrets is usually a
symptom of an attempt to prevent the employee from making legitimate use of
the knowledge and skills gained in the plaintiff’s service. …

30 At 53, [23], Lai J said:

It follows from the foregoing that an employer must particularize the
confidential information which he seeks to protect. It is oppressive for him
to rely on a general statement that the information is confidential or to
delay the giving of particulars until after discovery.

31 After referring to a judgment of Graham J in _Diamond Stylus Co Ltd v
Bauden Precision Diamonds Ltd_ [1973] RPC 675, Lai J continued, at 54, [24]:

The same point was rather more forcefully made by Templeman J in [_John Zink
Company Limited v Lloyds Bank Limited_ [1975] RPC 675 (“ _John Zink_ ”)] where
he was dealing with an application, in an action for breach of confidence, to
strike out a statement of claim for lack of particularity. The learned judge
said (at p 392):

It is a longish statement of claim. It pleads in the widest terms — so wide
that the Court of Appeal decided that there ought to be particulars — trade
secrets belonging to the plaintiffs and it does not make one specific
complaint against Mr Wilkinson. It says that Mr Wilkinson breached the
relationship of confidence and the defendants, well knowing, procured the
breach, over the whole field of the trade secrets. That looks wholly fishing
and speculative, because, if the plaintiffs had any information at all about a
breach, if they had any grounds other than speculative grounds, one would have
thought they would have pleaded ‘In the erection or construction of a
particular flare stack, you did this, that or the other’. They might have had
to make a few intelligent guesses, I do not know; but at least one would have
thought that they would have put something down. If it is permissible for a
plaintiff to put in this form of statement of claim, then life for an ex-
employee becomes intolerable. All an employer has to do is to allege, and
perhaps he ought to do so once a year, that he has trade secrets of the
broadest character, to allege that the employee learned them, that he joined a
competitor and that he has broken the trade secrets. That seems to me
speculative and would lead in this case to oppression and in any case would
lead to oppression.

32 Stratech’s first argument was that the information taken was password-
protected and the fact that the information was protected by a password
clearly showed that it was confidential.

33 Secondly, Stratech argued that Nyam had admitted that the data from the
computers was needed to carry out maintenance work and this also suggested
that the information taken was confidential.

34 Thirdly, Stratech argued that the defendants did not produce any evidence
that what they took was available elsewhere. Stratech’s position was that the
fact that cloning was done suggested that the information was not available
elsewhere, otherwise, why was there a need to clone? This was countered by the
defendants that there was some evidence from Nyam that the information was
available elsewhere.

35 It was obvious to us that Stratech was doing what the plaintiffs in _John
Zink_ had done. There was no specificity in Stratech’s pleadings or evidence,
as we have said. Stratech sought to cure this omission by its arguments which
failed to move us.

36 As regards Stratech’s first argument, we were of the view that it was too
sweeping to say that information which was protected by a password must be
confidential information.

37 As regards its second argument, the fact that data in the computer was
needed to carry out maintenance work was neither here nor there. It did not
establish that such data was necessarily confidential.

38 As regards the third argument, we noted that after Stratech had ceased to
provide post-warranty maintenance, it caused only V116 to be removed from the
computers at LTA’s office but not other information. This went against its
contention that the remaining information was confidential information. In any
event, the burden was not on the defendants to prove that what was taken was
not confidential. It was for Stratech to prove that what was taken was
confidential information.

39 Although Stratech’s case on the issue of confidential information was
hampered by the fact that Nyam, Wong and Armin had crossed over effectively to
Guthrie, Stratech had the benefit of an expert at the time when the Anton
Piller was executed or soon thereafter. With its remaining staff and the
benefit of the expert’s assistance, Stratech ought to have been able to
establish its case with specificity, if its allegation were true. Furthermore,
the fact that Nyam, Wong and Armin had crossed over effectively to Guthrie was
not a valid reason to excuse Stratech from its burden of proof. In the
circumstances, Stratech failed to discharge its burden of proof.

40 As Stratech had failed to establish that the cloned information was
confidential information, it is not necessary for us to deal with the
defendants’ contentions that in any event the information in Stratech’s
computers at LTA’s office belonged to LTA pursuant to various contractual
provisions.

**_Clause 9.4_**

41 It was not disputed that cl 9.4 was a restraint of trade provision. Before
deciding whether cl 9.4 was binding on Nyam and Wong, the judge below
concluded that Guthrie had been in the habit of dealing with Stratech in
Singapore even though there was only one contract between Guthrie and
Stratech. He also found that Guthrie had induced Nyam and Wong to join
Guthrie. Indeed, as we have mentioned, this was admitted by Foong. Thus, if cl
9.4 were binding on Nyam and Wong, it would follow from the judge’s conclusion
that Guthrie was guilty of the tort of inducement of breach of contract.

42 As regards the question whether cl 9.4 was binding on Nyam and Wong, the
judge below was of the view that it was binding because the restricting period
of nine months was not unreasonably long. With respect, we were of the view
that the duration of the prohibition was only one factor to be considered. On
the facts before us, it was not the most important factor.

43 In _FSS Travel and Leisure Systems Ltd v Johnson_ [1999] FSR 505, the
respondent was a computer software programmer with the appellant company,
which produced computer programs for the travel industry. The restrictive
covenant in the respondent’s employment contract stipulated that for a year
after the termination of his employment, he should not carry on any business
in the UK that competed with the business of the appellant company. When the
respondent joined a company in direct competition with the appellant company
before the one-year period had expired, the appellant company sought to
enforce the restrictive covenant against him.

44 The English Court of Appeal expounded well-settled legal propositions
affecting restrictive covenants in employment contracts at 512–513. They were:

(1) The court will never uphold a covenant taken by an employer merely to
protect himself from competition by a former employee.

(2) There must be some subject matter which an employer can legitimately
protect by a restrictive covenant. As was said by Lord Wilberforce in
_Stenhouse Ltd v. Phillips_ [1974] A.C. 391 at 400E … :

The employer’s claim for protection must be based upon the _identification_ of
some advantage or asset inherent in the business which can properly be
regarded as, in a general sense, his property, and which it would be unjust to
allow the employee to appropriate for his own purposes, even though he, the
employee, may have contributed to its creation.

(3) Protection can be legitimately claimed for identifiable objective
knowledge constituting the employer’s trade secrets with which the employee
has become acquainted during his employment.

(4) Protection cannot be legitimately claimed in respect of the skill,
experience, know-how and general knowledge acquired by an employee as part of
his job during his employment, even though that will equip him as a
competitor, or potential employee of a competitor, of the employer.

(5) The critical question is whether the employer has trade secrets which can
be fairly regarded as his property, as distinct from the skill, experience,
know-how, and general knowledge which can fairly be regarded as the property
of the employee to use without restraint for his own benefit or in the service
of a competitor. This distinction necessitates examination of all the evidence
relating to the nature of the employment, the character of the information,
the restrictions imposed on its dissemination, the extent of use in the public
domain and the damage likely to be caused by its use and disclosure in
competition to the employer.

(6) … It must be possible to identify information used in the relevant
business, the use and dissemination of which is likely to harm the employer,
and establish that the employer has limited dissemination and not, for
example, encouraged or permitted its widespread publication. In each case it
is a question of examining closely the detailed evidence relating to the
employer’s claim for secrecy of information and deciding, as a matter of act,
on which side of the boundary line it falls. Lack of precision in pleading and
absence of solid evidence in proof of trade secrets are frequently fatal to
enforcement of a restrictive covenant. …

45 Stratech relied on _Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler_ [1987] Ch 117 at 137–138
where Neill LJ said:

In our view the circumstances in which a restrictive covenant would be
appropriate and could be successfully invoked emerge very clearly from the
words used by Cross J. in _Printers & Finishers Ltd. v. Holloway_ [1965] 1
W.L.R. 1, 6 (in a passage quoted later in his judgment by Goulding J. [1984]
I.C.R. 589, 601):

“If the managing director is right in thinking that there are features in the
plaintiffs’ process which can fairly be regarded as trade secrets and which
their employees will inevitably carry away with them in their heads, then the
proper way for the plaintiffs to protect themselves would be by exacting
covenants from their employees restricting their field of activity after they
have left their employment, not by asking the court to extend the general
equitable doctrine to prevent breaking confidence beyond all reasonable
bounds.”

46 It seemed to us that this passage did not assist Stratech as it was still
for Stratech to demonstrate that cl 9.4 was to protect some legitimate
interest belonging to it. In _Buckman Laboratories (Asia) Pte Ltd v Lee Wei
Hoong_ [1999] 3 SLR 333, Judith Prakash J said at [21]:

It is well-known that an employer who wishes to enforce a restraint of trade
provision in a contract with an ex-employee must show that it was intended to
protect the employer’s legitimate interests and that it was reasonable in all
the circumstances. In ascertaining the validity of such a clause, the first
step is to determine what those interests are and the second is to consider
whether the clause as drafted is no wider than is necessary to protect such
interests. The court will not give effect to a clause if its main function is
to inhibit competition in business.

47 It was significant that while Stratech argued that “legitimate interests”
went beyond just the protection of confidential information, it did not say
just what those legitimate interests were. It relied on the evidence of its
witness, Leong Sook Ching, who said:

The Plaintiff is a technology company. The software developed by the Plaintiff
is a result of much work and staff time. Returns on the efforts and overheads
incurred during development stage are recovered by the delivery of the
software on completion and commissioning and from recurrent income from
maintenance and variations. To this end, the confidentiality of the process
through which the software is developed and the source code is paramount.

48 However, we were of the view that this evidence did not demonstrate any
legitimate interest over and above the protection of confidential information.
Also, para 54 of Stratech’s Appellant’s Case demonstrates that its concern was
actually the protection of confidential information and not some other
legitimate interest. Paragraph 54 states:

The Appellant is a technology company. The knowledge based economy today is
one where developers of information technology products guard and protect
their knowledge and tools. There is no dispute that the Appellant was in the
best position to carry out post-warranty maintenance works on the VEPS System
as it was the developer of the software. A restrictive covenant in the
employment contracts would ensure that their commercial position, as
developers who are in the best position to maintain and develop the software
is not jeopardized.

49 Bearing in mind that Stratech already had the benefit of cl 8.1 and as
Stratech was unable to demonstrate any other legitimate interest that required
protection by a restraint of trade clause, we were of the view that the main
function of cl 9.4 was indeed to inhibit competition in business. This view is
reinforced by a Freudian slip made by Stratech in para 45 of its Appellant’s
Case which states:

The prohibition allows employees to work for non-direct competitors and the
entire market except for ex-fellow employees and those whom the Appellant
habitually dealt with. The nine (9) months’ limit meant that after a short
period where the employees’ involvement was no longer “current”; there was no
prohibition at all. _Indeed, the clause was crafted to prevent ex-employees,
suppliers, clients and sub-contractors from poaching staff, to the detriment
of the Appellant._ [emphasis added]

50 Accordingly, we were of the view that cl 9.4 was not binding on Nyam and
Wong. Hence Guthrie could not be guilty of inducing Nyam and Wong to breach
their contracts with Stratech, see _De Francesco v Barnum_ (1890) LR 45 Ch D
430, _Northern Messenger (Calgary) Limited v Frost_ (1966) 57 DLR (2d) 456.
This conclusion was not disputed by Stratech should we find, as we did, that
cl 9.4 was not binding. Accordingly, the judge’s decision against Guthrie on
this point was reversed when we allowed Guthrie’s appeal.

51 In the circumstances, it is not necessary for us to venture a view as to
whether Guthrie was in direct competition with Stratech or “in the habit of
dealing” with Stratech in Singapore which was the alternative limb under cl
9.4 that Stratech was relying on.

52 However, we would mention that we agree with Stratech’s proposition, which
was not seriously contested by the defendants, that if we had concluded that
cl 9.4 was binding and that Guthrie was in direct competition with Stratech or
in the habit of dealing with Stratech in Singapore, then Nyam and Wong would
be liable for breach of contract and Guthrie would have been liable for the
tort of inducing a breach of contract as well. In that respect, the judge
below had erred in concluding that Guthrie was liable for the tort when he did
not find Nyam and Wong liable for breach of contract in the first place.

**_Damages_**

53 As Stratech had failed to establish liability under cll 8.1 or 9.4, the
issue of the quantum of damages to be awarded to it was academic.

**Summary**

54 Accordingly, Stratech’s appeal was dismissed and Guthrie’s cross-appeal was
allowed.

Appeal in CA 78/2004 dismissed. Appeal in CA 98/2004 allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

