Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## HY v Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2005] SGHC 137

Case Number | : | DA 27/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leon Kwong Wing, Chua Yee Hoong and Sharma Sundareswara (Khattar Wong) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and Joyce Chee (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  HY — Comptroller of Income Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Appeals – Appellant receiving stock options
from employer company in London – Appellant signing notices of exercise of
options in Singapore – Appellant delivering notices to company in London –
Whether constituting exercise of stock options – Whether material connection
between appellant's exercise of stock options and Singapore existing – Whether
gains from exercise of stock options taxable in Singapore – Sections 10(1)(g),
10(5) Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

2 August 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Income Tax Board of Review
(“the Board”) affirming the additional assessment of tax by the Comptroller of
Income Tax (“Comptroller”) on the appellant for the year of assessment 1998.
The appellant was employed by Standard Chartered PLC in London from 26 April
1990. By March 1994, he received a total of seven options to acquire shares in
his employer company. Some months later, in October 1994, the appellant was
sent to work in the Singapore branch of the Standard Chartered PLC. The
appellant’s wife is from Mauritius. They purchased a house in Mauritius in
March 1997, and while holidaying in Phuket, Thailand in April 1997, the
appellant made the decision to exercise his share options and used the
proceeds for the house in Mauritius.

2 On 28 April 1997 the appellant signed the notices of exercise of options.
This was done in Singapore and the notices were delivered to Standard
Chartered PLC’s private banking branch in Park Lane, London. The bank then
gave the appellant an overdraft to pay for the shares. On 30 April 1997 the
appellant exercised the options by delivering the notices of exercise to the
Standard Chartered PLC’s registered office at 1 Aldermanbury Square, London.
The appellant sold the shares and invested the gains from the sale. No money
from the sale was remitted into Singapore. The total gains from the sale of
the shares was £2,054,370 (or S$5,044,710). The Comptroller levied an
additional assessment of tax on the sum of $5,044,710, against which the
appellant appealed to the Board, and against the Board’s dismissal of his
appeal, to me.

3 Mr Leon Kwong Wing, counsel for the appellant, submitted that the gains from
the share options were not taxable in Singapore. The relevant provisions of
the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1996 Rev Ed) at the material time, were ss 10(1)
and 10(5), which provide as follows:

**10.** —(1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be
payable at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment
upon the income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or
received in Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of —

(_a_) gains or profits from any trade, business, profession or vocation, for
whatever period of time such trade, business, profession or vocation may have
been carried on or exercised;

(_b_) gains or profits from any employment;

(_c_) (_Deleted by Act 29/65_).

(_d_) dividends, interest or discounts;

(_e_) any pension, charge or annuity;

(_f_) rents, royalties, premiums and any other profits arising from property;
and

(_g_) any gains or profits of an income nature not falling within any of the
preceding paragraphs.

…

(5) Any gains or profits directly or indirectly derived by any person by the
exercise, assignment or release of a right or benefit whether granted in his
name or in the name of his nominee or agent to acquire shares in a company
shall, where the right or benefit is obtained by that person by reason of any
office or employment held by him, be deemed to be income …

4 The Comptroller’s case, argued by Mr Liu Hern Kuan, was based on ss
10(1)(_g_) and 10(5). It is relevant and convenient, at this point, to refer
to s 10(5) after the amendment by the Legislature in 2003. The amended s 10(5)
reads as follows:

Any gains or profits, directly or indirectly, derived by any person from a
right or benefit granted on or after 1st January 2003, whether granted in his
name or in the name of his nominee or agent, to acquire shares in any company
shall, where the right or benefit is obtained by that person by reason of any
office or employment held by him, be deemed to be income chargeable to tax
under subsection (1)(_b_), accruing at such time and of such amount as
determined under the following provisions …

Hence, on the amended provision of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2001 Rev Ed),
gains from stock options would be taxable under s 10(1)(_b_) and not under s
10(1)(_g_) as was the case before me. As it was not disputed by the
Comptroller and the Board that the basis of the Comptroller’s assessment was
based on the pre-2003 ss 10(1)(_g_) and 10(5), these provisions would be the
starting point for consideration of this appeal. It would be more convenient
to proceed with s 10(5). That subsection was a compendium provision that
applied to various circumstances. For convenience and ease in understanding
its true import, I propose to set out only the salient parts of that provision
that concerned the Comptroller’s case here:

Any gains directly or indirectly derived by any person by the exercise of a
right to acquire shares in a company shall, where the right is obtained by
reason of employment held by him, be deemed to be income.

5 In the present case, there was no dispute that there was a gain of
$5,044,710 from the sale of shares derived from the share options. That was
paid outside Singapore and none of the money was remitted here. The House of
Lords in _Abbott v Philbin_ _(H M Inspector of Taxes)_ [1961] AC 352 (“
_Abbott_ ”) held that income of that nature would be considered earned at the
time of the grant and not at the time the option was exercised. _Abbott_ was a
case that concerned gains from share options (for our purposes, there is no
distinction between a share option and a “stock option”, a term used by
counsel before me). Two points are significant to us about the _Abbott_
decision. First, a share option was a perquisite, and second, it fell to be
taxed as income on the year it was granted. As Lord Simonds held in that case
at 369:

[The share option] was, in my opinion, a perquisite at the date of the grant
and, if it had no value, there was nothing to tax and that is the end of the
matter.

It was not disputed that the share options were given to the appellant, that
is to say, in the old language of s 10(5), _obtained by him_ , when he was
employed in London. The source of his income from the point of the time of the
granting of the options was thus not Singapore.

6 Consequent to the _Abbott_ case, the English parliament amended their tax
laws, and our Legislature did likewise in 1973, when it introduced the s 10(5)
provision relied upon by the Comptroller in this case. Hence, as at 30 April
1997, a share option would be taxed at the time it was exercised. Thus, for
income to be taxable under s 10(1)(_g_), it would be necessary to establish a
connection between the appellant’s exercise of his stock options and
Singapore. The material facts would certainly include the time and place of
the exercise of the options. It was not disputed that the appellant signed the
notices of exercise of options and dated them 28 April 1997. The appellant
conceded that the notices were signed in Singapore and sent to London where
they were given to his bankers on 30 April 1997, and after obtaining an
overdraft from them to pay the option fees, his London agent handed the
notices together with payment (as required under the notice) to the company in
London on that same day. It was this last act that constituted an exercise of
the options, and not the act of signing the notices. The Board was of the view
that by signing the notices the appellant had done all he could to exercise
his rights under the options. That, in my view, is erroneous. The mere signing
of the notices is an incomplete act. A person could have signed the notices
and not deliver them at all; in which event, the option rights cannot be said
to have been exercised. The jurisdiction in which he signed the notices could
also have been fortuitously chosen. He could have signed a notice on a plane
while in Singapore before falling asleep, waking to sign the next notice in
Kuala Lumpur. Hence, on the facts, there is no material connection between the
appellant’s gains and Singapore.

7 The plain words of s 10(5) as applicable in this case imposed a tax
liability in respect of gains derived from the exercise of a right obtained by
reason of an employment held by him. No country or place was specified or
excluded, and thus, the only country of relevance is Singapore because tax
laws are territorial. Hence, it did not matter where the gains were made or
where the stock options were exercised. But it is crucial that when the right
to exercise that option was obtained by the appellant he was at that time
employed in Singapore. He was not. In the premises, there was no tax liability
in respect of the gains he made from the stock options in question.

8 The appeal is therefore allowed. I will hear the question of costs at a
later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

