Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Lie Hoa v Ong Jane Rebecca and Others and Another Appeal (No 2)  
[2005] SGCA 24

Case Number | : | CA 59/2004, 60/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khoo Boo Jin and Daniel Tan (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for the appellant in CA 59/2004; Andre Arul (Arul Chew and Partners) for the first and second respondents in CA 59/2004 and CA 60/2004; Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin and Bok) for the third and fourth respondents in CA 59/2004 and the appellants in CA 60/2004   
Parties | : |  Lim Lie Hoa — Ong Jane Rebecca   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Whether factors listed in O 59 r 6A
Rules of Court exhaustive – Whether court entitled to consider circumstances
over and above factors listed in O 59 r 6A when deciding on appropriate costs
order – Order 59 r 2(2), O 59 r 6A Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Probate and Administration – Distribution of assets – Appellant administrator
and beneficiary of estate and mother of second respondent – Appellant making
various payments to second respondent – Whether payments amounting to
distributions from estate or gifts from appellant – Applicable principles in
determining whether payments distributions or gifts  
  

4 May 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 These appeals are two of the three appeals that arose out of an inquiry
conducted by Assistant Registrar Phang Hsiao Chung (“AR Phang”) into the
assets of the estate (“the estate”) of Ong Seng King, aliases Ong Seng Keng,
Ong Keng Seng, Ong King Seng and Arief Husni (“the deceased”). The parties
participating in the inquiry were all beneficiaries of the estate. AR Phang’s
findings (see [2003] SGHC 126) were appealed against to the High Court. Those
appeals were, however, dismissed by Choo Han Teck J (in [2004] SGHC 131) and
the parties have now appealed further. The first appeal in this series was
Civil Appeal No 58 of 2004 (“CA 58”). We dealt with that appeal in a separate
judgment ([2005] SGCA 4). As Civil Appeals Nos 59 and 60 of 2004 (“CA 59”and
“CA 60” respectively) raise similar issues, we are considering them together.

2 The background to all three appeals can be found in our judgment in CA 58.
We will not repeat it in detail here. However, a brief explanation as to the
parties may be helpful. The appellant in CA 59 is Lim Lie Hoa (“Mdm Lim”) who
is the widow of the deceased. The appellants in CA 60 are Mdm Lim’s two
younger sons, Ong Siauw Ping (“SP Ong”) and Ong Keng Tong (“KT Ong”). Mdm
Lim’s eldest son, Sjamsudin Husni, alias Ong Siauw Tjoan (“ST Ong”), was the
second defendant in the original proceedings. He is not a party to the appeal.
The respondent to both appeals is Jane Rebecca Ong (“Jane Ong”) who was once
married to ST Ong and who has an interest in the estate arising out of a deed
of assignment executed by ST Ong. The direct beneficiaries of the estate are
Mdm Lim, who has a half share therein; and her three sons, each of whom has a
one-sixth share therein. By virtue of the deed of assignment, Jane Ong is
entitled to half of ST Ong’s share in the estate as at 29 August 1991.

**The appeals**

3 These appeals, the first by Mdm Lim, and the second by SP Ong and KT Ong,
have their main issue in common. In CA 59, Mdm Lim challenged AR Phang’s
finding that only S$717,255 was distributed from the estate to ST Ong as of 29
August 1991. She submitted that, as ST Ong had admitted during the inquiry
that he had received further sums of £1,018,000 and US$150,000 from the
estate, these sums should be considered as distributions to him.
Alternatively, Mdm Lim submitted that Jane Ong had admitted that ST Ong had
received S$152,849, HK$10,087,399 and S$3,007,332 from the estate and
therefore these sums should also be considered as distributions from the
estate. In CA 60, SP Ong and KT Ong agreed with Mdm Lim that AR Phang had
erred in his determination of the amount distributed to ST Ong from the
estate. However, their figures did not correspond with Mdm Lim’s, as they
contended that ST Ong had received S$3,645,804, in addition to the sum of
S$717,255 found by AR Phang. Mdm Lim also appealed against the costs order
that was made by AR Phang in Jane Ong’s favour (see [2003] SGHC 143).

**When is a payment a distribution?**

4 AR Phang’s finding that only a sum of $717,255 had been given to ST Ong as a
distribution from the estate was premised on his earlier finding that during
the period between 1974 and August 1991, ST Ong had relied exclusively on his
mother, Mdm Lim, for all his expenses and was accustomed to being maintained
by her in a luxurious lifestyle. Mdm Lim had also admitted that she had
advanced some sums to ST Ong that she did not consider to be distributions of
his share in the estate. AR Phang considered that, in these circumstances, it
was not unreasonable for ST Ong to assume that the payments that he received
from Mdm Lim were gifts from her for his maintenance unless she specifically
informed him otherwise. AR Phang held that if Mdm Lim wished to treat a
particular sum remitted to ST Ong as a distribution of his share in the
estate, it was incumbent on her to notify him of her intention. Without such
knowledge, ST Ong could not reasonably be expected to give the administrators
a valid discharge for the payment received. Thus, for AR Phang, the
characterisation of a payment from Mdm Lim to ST Ong was dependent on whether
ST Ong was aware that that payment was intended as a distribution.

5 AR Phang’s approach was endorsed, on appeal, by Choo J who found (at [27] of
his judgment) that:

[T]he AR’s decision, to hold that payments by [Mdm Lim] to [ST Ong] would be
treated as distributions of the latter’s share only if the evidence had been
sufficiently clear so as to distinguish between the making of a gift and the
discharge of the former’s lawful duties as the administratrix of her husband’s
estate, was correct. That is the only sensible way to approach the matter.

6 The challenges to the above findings have been mounted on two bases: one
legal and one factual. We will deal with the legal basis first. The submission
made was that where an administrator made a payment out of estate funds
without acknowledging the payment to be a distribution and without expressly
informing the beneficiary, that did not lead to the conclusion that the
payment could not as a matter of law constitute a distribution. In determining
whether a particular payment is a distribution or not, the test to be applied
could be either:

(a) a purely objective test which looked only at the source of the payment and
the fact of the payment; or

(b) a combined objective/subjective test which looked at the source of the
payment and the knowledge of the beneficiary.

7 SP Ong and KT Ong submitted that the purely objective test was the correct
approach and that as long as a particular payment had come from estate assets
and the estate retained no interest in it thereafter, it should be classified
as a distribution to a beneficiary. In support of this submission, they relied
on the following authorities:

(a) the definition of the term “distribution” as “the passing of personal
property to an intestate decedent’s heirs” and the definition of “distributive
share” as “[t]he share that an heir or beneficiary receives from the legal
distribution of an estate” given by _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (West Group, 7th
Ed, 1999);

(b) Porter MR’s statement in _O’Brien v Condon_ [1905] 1 IR 51 at 55 that he
could not “see any solid distinction in law or fact between “distribute” and
“dispose of””;

(c) the view of Swinfen Eady J in _Re Mackinlay_ (1911) 56 SJ 142 at 142 that
“[t]o distribute means to pay over”; and

(d) the reiteration by Lander J, when delivering the judgment of the South
Australian Supreme Court in _Dawson v Fitch_ [2002] SASC 12 at [62] of his
statement in _Young v IOOF Australia Trustee Ltd_ (1995) 180 LSJS 302 that:

It seems to me that whether distribution has or has not occurred is simply a
matter of fact … and the facts that have to be determined are whether there
has been a removal from the hands of the personal representatives and a
placement in the hands of the beneficiary.

Similar arguments were made on behalf of Mdm Lim.

8 It was further submitted that not only was this approach well founded on
legal principle but, on the facts of the present case, it was the most
equitable one to adopt. The issue here concerned payments from one co-
administrator to another co-administrator from funds referable to the assets
of the estate. If these funds were not treated as distributions and did not
reduce ST Ong’s share in the estate, he would effectively receive sums from
the estate far in excess of his actual entitlement (regardless of how these
sums were ultimately characterised) to the detriment of his brothers, SP Ong
and KT Ong. Given the relationship of the co-administrators, it would be
unrealistic to expect them to adopt the standards a professional trustee would
follow when making payments to a beneficiary. Mdm Lim’s failure to inform ST
Ong on each and every occasion that she paid money to him that such money was
to be treated as a distribution of his share could not be determinative of the
issue, particularly, when that failure caused prejudice to other
beneficiaries.

9 In our view, the authorities cited are only helpful to an extent. The
definition of distribution given by the legal dictionary relied on is a
description of what happens when a distribution is effected. It does not state
that as long as a payment is made by a trustee to a beneficiary, that alone is
sufficient to constitute that payment a distribution. As far as the cases
cited are concerned, they too do not really deal with this point. In each of
_Re Mackinlay_ and _O’Brien v Condon_ , the court was concerned with
construing the meaning of “distribute” as that term was used in the particular
testamentary instrument before it. The judges who gave their views as to the
meaning of the term did not intend to propound any definitive test for
determining when a payment should be characterised as a distribution in a
situation where the relationship between the payer and the payee was not only
a relationship of trustee and beneficiary.

10 The relevance of subjective intent or knowledge was also not in issue in
those cases. In the Australian cases cited in _Dawson v Fitch_ and in that
case itself, the question before the court was whether there had been “final
distribution” of an estate for the purposes of a statute that allowed family
members who had not been provided for in a deceased’s will to apply for
provision from the estate as long as they made the application before the
estate had been finally distributed. The issue was whether a change in the
status of an executor or a transfer to new trustees to hold on behalf of the
beneficiaries was sufficient to constitute a distribution or whether an actual
transfer to the beneficiaries themselves was required. The courts there did
not have to consider whether the payment made by the trustee was a
distribution or a gift and, therefore, observations like those of Lander J,
that to ascertain whether there has been distribution all that has to be
determined is whether the funds have been removed from the hands of the
trustee and placed in those of the beneficiary, were not intended to be and
cannot be a complete answer to the issue that confronts us here.

11 As the authorities are not on point, we must go back to basics to determine
the correct answer. The law generally does not presume a gift when one person
voluntarily transfers property to another. Whilst an adult of sound mind has
the legal capacity to make a gift to another person, where one person
voluntarily transfers pure personalty hitherto belonging to himself into the
name of another who is not his child or wife, _prima facie_ , there is no gift
but a resulting trust in favour of the person who made the transfer. A gift
will only be made if the evidence establishes that it was the intention of the
transferor to give the personalty to the donee. See _Halsbury’s Laws of
England_ vol 20, (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1993) at paras 40 and 41.
Bearing this rule in mind, in the usual case where a trustee takes money from
a trust fund and pays it to a person who is a beneficiary of that trust, that
payment must be construed as a distribution under the trust even if the
trustee does not expressly say so at the time of paying the beneficiary. If
the law will not presume that a gift has been made (but rather the opposite)
when the funds come from the payer’s own resources, _a fortiori_ it cannot do
so when the funds emanate from a trust fund in which the payee has an interest
and to which the payer has legal title but no beneficial interest. In this
respect, it appears to us that the knowledge of the recipient would be
irrelevant. It is the source of funds and the fact of receipt of them by a
person who has the right to receive them that are the important points. The
statements of law in the Australian cases were, obviously, founded on this
principle. Thus, as they pointed out, in a situation where a payment of trust
moneys has been made by a trustee to an unrelated beneficiary of the trust,
once the facts of removal of the money from the fund and the placement of the
same in the hands of the beneficiary have been established, with the trust
retaining no interest in the property, a distribution would have taken place.
The question for us is whether the additional fact that the trustee is the
parent of the beneficiary would make a difference to this analysis.

12 When a father transfers his own money to his child, the law presumes that
the transfer is intended as a gift unless there is evidence of a contrary
intention to rebut the presumption (see _Halsbury’s_ at para 43). If, however,
the father is the trustee of a trust fund and the child is a beneficiary of
such fund, the presumption cannot apply to the father’s transfer of trust
funds to the child as such funds would not be the father’s to give away. In
such a case, the position would be the same as if the trustee and the
beneficiary were unrelated and the payment would have to be characterised as a
distribution regardless of whether the father had informed the child that it
was such a payment. How does the situation change if the father-trustee is
also a beneficiary of the trust? Would the presumption of advancement apply
when the money is paid out of a trust fund to which both are entitled and the
father-trustee has not made any specific appropriation of those funds to
himself but sends the money directly from the estate’s account to the child’s
account? In our view, bearing in mind the general inclination of the law not
to find that a gift has been made unless positive intention to do so is shown,
a payment from a trust fund to an adult beneficiary should be presumed to be a
distribution, notwithstanding that the payer trustee is not only the father of
the beneficiary but also himself entitled to a share in that fund, unless the
beneficiary can show that it was the intention of the trustee to take money
out of the fund as a distribution to himself and then make a gift of such
money to the beneficiary rather than to make a direct distribution of the
beneficiary’s entitlement. The presumption of advancement should have no place
in this situation. We see no need at this point to decide whether the position
would be different if the payment were made at a time when the beneficiary was
still an infant and legally entitled to be supported by his father.

13 In the case of a mother and a child, there is usually no presumption of
advancement and the situation of a mother-trustee _vis-à-vis_ a child
beneficiary should thus be the same as if they were not related. _Halsbury’s_
adds, however, (at para 44) “in the case of a widowed mother very little
evidence to prove the intention of a gift is required, and the mother, if she
places herself in loco parentis will be presumed to have intended a gift”. In
a later edition of _Halsbury’s_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 2004), citing
the case of _Re Cameron, Philips v Cameron_ [1999] Ch 386, the editors state
(at vol 20(1) para 45) that it had recently been held, in relation to the rule
against double portions, that both parents should nowadays be taken to be _in
loco parentis_ unless the contrary is proved, and they thought that this view
would also be taken in relation to the presumption of advancement. Since Mdm
Lim was widowed and had been supporting ST Ong all along, we would treat her
as having placed herself _in_ _loco parentis_ in the same way as a father is.
In any case, in Singapore, under the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), a
woman has the same obligation to maintain her dependant child as a man has
(see s 68). Thus, the general proposition that we have set out in [12] above
should apply to the present case as well. Our conclusion thus is that any
payment to ST Ong by Mdm Lim that emanated from the funds of the estate must
be considered as a distribution to him unless it is proved on the balance of
probabilities that her intention in making that payment to him was to make him
a gift out of her share in the assets of the estate. Mdm Lim is the person who
had the onus of proving that particular payments came from the estate since
she wanted to establish that they were distributions. Once she had established
the source of the funds, that would not be the end of the matter as, if Jane
Ong or ST Ong was able to show that Mdm Lim’s intention in making any of the
payments was to make a gift to her son or was to put money in his hands as co-
administrator for investment on behalf of the estate, then such payment would
not be regarded as a distribution.

14 This brings us to the factual arguments regarding the payments in question.
AR Phang found that ST Ong had received numerous payments of money from Mdm
Lim between 1974 and 1991 and that many of these came from estate funds. He
agreed that ST Ong had received a total of at least £1,018,000 and US$150,000
from his mother because when ST Ong was cross-examined on an undated written
confirmation that he had signed, ST Ong confirmed that he had received
payments from his mother as set out in this document. AR Phang, however, did
not go on to determine which of those payments were in fact traceable to funds
belonging to the estate or for what purposes the funds were remitted since he
took the view that unless ST Ong had been told that a payment made to him was
a distribution that payment could not be considered a distribution. It was
argued for Mdm Lim that these amounts should be taken as distributions since
ST Ong had admitted receiving them from his mother.

15 Our view on the law, as expressed above, is different from that of AR Phang
and is also different from that of Mdm Lim. As the view that we have taken was
not adopted at first instance, the findings of fact necessary to determine
this issue of the source of funds and the intention behind each payment were
not made at the hearing of the appeal on 23 November 2004. Nor did the parties
make submissions on:

(a) which payments can be traced, on the evidence before the court, to the
estate’s funds only; and

(b) the purposes for which those payments were made and Mdm Lim’s intentions
in making such payments.

In order to dispose of this appeal, such submissions were necessary. We
therefore directed the parties to deliver further submissions on the point
accompanied by further core bundles of the documents supporting their
submissions if necessary. These submissions were received by the end of March
2005 and we therefore now turn to consider the additional issues.

**Which payments by Mdm Lim to ST Ong can be traced as having come only from
the estate’s funds?**

16 In her further submissions, Mdm Lim used two different methods to establish
the amounts received by ST Ong and that these amounts came from the estate.
Her overall position was that Jane Ong’s stand, that the only cash
distribution received by ST Ong from the estate was a distribution of $717,255
received in 1989, was indefensible from the standpoint of logic and common
sense. This was because, ST Ong had admitted receiving much larger sums.
Alternatively, Jane Ong herself had admitted that ST Ong had received much
more than $717,255.

17 In relation to the first argument, Mdm Lim stated that the undated document
signed by ST Ong sometime in or after October 1987 confirming that he had
received a total of £1,018,000 and US$150,000 from Mdm Lim as a distribution
from the estate constituted _prima facie_ evidence that he had in fact
received such sums from the estate. She noted that ST Ong had during the
assessment hearing admitted receiving the sums stated therein from the estate.
Mdm Lim submitted that this document (which we shall call “the confirmation”)
had not been rebutted by any proof of involuntariness or lack of
understanding. In the circumstances, it was submitted that on the basis of the
confirmation and ST Ong’s admission, the said payments of £1,018,000 and
US$150,000 could be traced to the estate’s funds only.

18 Mdm Lim also submitted that the said payments were not gifts or investments
on behalf of the estate as:

(a) Jane Ong had been unable to identify a single instance during the inquiry
when either Mdm Lim or ST Ong had stated that any particular payment was
intended as a gift; and

(b) the confirmation had not been rebutted by evidence that any particular
payment to ST Ong was put in his hands as co-administrator for investment on
behalf of the estate.

19 The alternative argument was that, based on Jane Ong’s admission and
adoption of a list (“the PWC List”) prepared by her accountants, M/s
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”), and attached as Annexure 10 to the written
submissions for the inquiry made on behalf of Jane Ong and filed on 16
December 2002, the payments of S$152,849, HK$10,087,399 and S$457,144.50
referred to in the PWC List could be traced as deriving only from the estate’s
funds.

**_ST Ong’s admission by virtue of the confirmation_**

20 Dealing with the first main point, it is useful to look at the contents of
the confirmation. This read:

I, [ST Ong] hereby confirmed [_sic_] that I had received from my mother, [Mdm
Lim] the distribution of the Estate of Mr. Ong Seng King, Deceased from
overseas.

The distribution is as follows:-

1979 £125,000/- (Purchase Aeroplane)

1981 £248,000/- (Set-Up Construction Firm)

1983 £85,000 |- (Loan – signed by [Jane Ong] & [ST Ong])

1984 US$50,000/- (GOLD TRADING)

1984 US$100,000/- (GOLD TRADING)

1985 £30,000|- (Repair Flat 6 Audley Court, Mayfair)

1986 £100,000|- (Final Distribution)

1986 £200,000|- (Final Distribution)

1987 £200,000|- (Sale of Flat 6 Audley Court, Mayfair)

1985 £30,000 |- (Loan)

TOTAL: £1,081,000|- & US$150,000/-

Mdm Lim stressed that ST Ong had admitted on cross-examination that he
understood and signed the confirmation, and that AR Phang had appeared to
accept these figures when he stated at [360] of his judgment that “[ST Ong]
received a total of at least £1,018,000 and US$150,000, for when he was cross-
examined … he confirmed that he had received payments from his mother as set
out in [the confirmation]”.

21 That observation, however, was not an indication that AR Phang himself
considered that ST Ong had actually received all those moneys as distributions
or that all those moneys had come exclusively from the estate’s funds. In the
very next paragraph of his judgment, AR Phang observed that Mdm Lim had given
conflicting versions as to how these sums were arrived at, as the breakdown of
the figures in the confirmation did not correspond with those provided by Mdm
Lim in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief. AR Phang tabulated the
discrepancies between the confirmation and the figures in the affidavit as
follows:

Year of  
payment |  Amount paid according to table at page 860 of [Mdm Lim]’s affidavit of evidence in chief |  Amount paid according to [the confirmation] |  Reason for payment according to [the confirmation]  
---|---|---|---  
1979 |  |  £125,000 |  “Purchase Aeroplane”  
1980 |  £11,152 (converted from S$56,875) |  |   
1981 |  £385,161 |  £248,000 |  “Set-up Construction Firm”  
1982 |  £85,000 |  |   
1983 |  £51,056 (£31,056 of this sum was converted from S$100,000) |  £85,000 |  “Loan – signed by [Jane Ong] and [ST Ong]”  
1984 |  US$150,000 |  US$150,000 |  “GOLD TRADING”  
1984 |  £82,477 (converted from S$45,000 and S$173,080) |  |   
1985 |  £18,760 (converted from S$45,400) |  £30,000 |  “Repair Flat 6 Audley Court, Mayfair”  
1985 |  |  £30,000 |  “Loan”  
1986 |  |  £300,000 |  “Final Distribution”  
1987 |  |  £200,000 |  “Sale of Flat 6 Audley Court, Mayfair”  
1987 |  £385,032 (converted from S$475,000, S$242,255, NZ$350,000 and NZ$97,000) |  |   
Total |  £1,018,000 and US$150,000 |  £1,018,000 and US$150,000 |   
  
22 These discrepancies not only reinforced AR Phang’s conclusion that the
parties had never applied their minds as to which payments should be treated
as distributions, but also created a doubt as to the veracity of the items
listed in the confirmation, especially since they were not corroborated by any
documentary evidence. Given the desperate financial situation in which ST Ong
and Jane Ong were in, AR Phang found it reasonable to infer that the
confirmation was probably prepared at Mdm Lim’s instigation, to thwart any
claims that Jane Ong might subsequently make that could threaten ST Ong’s
inheritance. It was significant that the sums of £1,018,000 and US$150,000
were the very same amounts that ST Ong acknowledged having received as his
share of the estate in the deed of release that was set aside as being
procured by the exercise of undue influence by Mdm Lim.

23 Whilst AR Phang stated at [360] of his judgment that ST Ong had received at
least £1,018,000 and US$150,000 from Mdm Lim, he did not state that all this
money came from the estate and it is clear from his later findings that he had
doubts about the veracity of the figures stated in the confirmation. As the
table reproduced demonstrates, there were many discrepancies between the
confirmation and Mdm Lim’s documentary evidence as exhibited in her affidavit
of evidence-in-chief. Instead of attempting to explain or clarify these
discrepancies in her appeal, Mdm Lim has chosen to simply ignore them. Even
after Jane Ong highlighted the irregularities in her further submissions, Mdm
Lim remained silent on the issue in her rebuttal submissions.

24 While the figures in Mdm Lim’s affidavit are supported by bank letters and
statements, the confirmation is undated and unsubstantiated by any other
documentary evidence. Although it is generally accepted that acknowledgements
of receipts carry substantial weight (see _Fook Gee Finance Co Ltd v Liu Cho
Chit_ [1998] 2 SLR 121 and _Sinnathamby Rajespathy v Lim Chong Seng_ [2002] 4
SLR 375, both cases cited on behalf of Mdm Lim), in this case, the
discrepancies between the figures, which remained unexplained, and the lack of
supporting documentation, have rebutted the _prima facie_ evidence of receipt.

25 Mdm Lim is relying on the confirmation to prove two things: first, the
amounts actually received by ST Ong and, second, that those amounts came from
the estate’s funds. In our opinion, the confirmation does not prove either of
those matters. The evidentiary value of the confirmation as a receipt was
undermined as to quantum because it was not supported by documents, and the
documents that she did produce supported other figures. The evidentiary value
of the confirmation as to the source of the moneys paid was undermined by ST
Ong’s evidence in the inquiry when he made it clear that he received moneys
from his mother and that as far as he was concerned, his mother and the estate
were one and the same so that he did not really know where funds sent to him
had come from. In any case it was not for ST Ong to establish the source of
the funds, but for Mdm Lim herself to do so since she, in effect, was the sole
administrator of the estate. Further, although ST Ong did not assert at the
inquiry that undue influence had been exerted on him to sign the confirmation,
the fact that the contents of the deed of release reflected the same amounts
and the same acknowledgement that the amounts were paid from the estate,
serves as another basis for doubting the reliability of the confirmation. It
is, in our view, odd that Mdm Lim did not seek to point to documents that
substantiated the source of the amounts set out in the confirmation. She was
the person in full control of the estate and its funds throughout the period
in question and if she was able to produce documents to substantiate the
figures in her affidavit, an adverse inference must be drawn regarding her
inability to produce any such documents to substantiate the figures in the
confirmation in so far as they differed from the figures tabulated in her
affidavit. In the event, we hold that Mdm Lim has not proved that ST Ong
received the sums of £1,018,000 and US$150,000 from the estate’s funds.

**_Jane Ong’s admission through the PWC report and the PWC List_**

26 Mdm Lim’s alternative submission that, by Jane Ong’s own admission, ST Ong
had received at least S$152,849, HK$10,087,399 and S$457,144.50, was based on
the PWC List. In their further submissions, SP Ong and KT Ong also relied on
the PWC report to show what ST Ong had received. They also submitted that her
reliance on the PWC report and the PWC List showed that Jane Ong’s own case at
the inquiry was that all of these payments originated from the estate.

27 The figures of S$152,849 and HK$10,087,399 in the PWC List correspond to
those figures which PWC listed as “advances” from the estate’s Singapore and
Hong Kong assets respectively. The third sum, that of S$457,144.50, did not
appear on the PWC List. Instead, in a box entitled “Other Assets” PWC put a
figure of $3,007,332 which they described as “Advances” made to ST Ong from
such other assets. To get the third figure of S$457,144.50, Mdm Lim subtracted
the sum of $2,550,187.50 from PWC’s figure of $3,007,332. This was because PWC
had taken the view that the sum of £837,000 used by Mdm Lim to purchase a
property in England known as 39 Sheldon Avenue was an advance to ST Ong and
had added the Singapore dollar equivalent of that sum (_ie_ , $2,550,187.50)
to the amounts advanced to ST Ong from other assets of the estate. In this
appeal that amount had to be subtracted because AR Phang’s finding at the
inquiry that Mdm Lim had used her own funds to purchase 39 Sheldon Avenue and
had not made an advance of that amount to ST Ong had been upheld by this court
in CA 58. Accordingly, Mdm Lim could not claim that the full amount of
$3,007,332 put forward as an advance to ST Ong by PWC was in fact advanced to
him.

28 The first issue here is whether the PWC List should be regarded as an
admission by Jane Ong that ST Ong did receive the amounts stated on the list
from the estate. Jane Ong made lengthy submissions as to why this should not
be the case. Her reasons were as follows.

29 First, after the trial of Originating Summons No 939 of 1991 (“OS
939/1991”), in complying with an order that she file the accounts of the
estate, Mdm Lim filed various documents including a report dated 5 March 1999
prepared by the accountants Arthur Andersen (“AA”), which report set out the
distributions allegedly received by ST Ong from the estate. Mdm Lim’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief thereafter adopted the figures set out in AA’s
report as the distributions made to ST Ong. Jane Ong then instructed PWC to
review the AA report. PWC studied the payments alleged to be distributions set
out in that report and gave their comments in the PWC report. PWC were not
tasked to nor did they determine independently whether such payments had in
fact been made.

30 Second, PWC had stated that their report was a draft and was incomplete. It
was prepared on 21 March 2000 and did not take into account numerous documents
disclosed as evidence after that date. It was also prepared without the
benefit of any information from ST Ong, in particular his affidavit of 10
September 2002 in which he provided evidence regarding various distributions.
PWC themselves stated that they had not been able to establish a complete
account of the estate’s assets due to the lack of information available to
them. As a result they had had to make certain assumptions in their
computation.

31 Third, PWC adopted the position that the payments, which Mdm Lim claimed
were distributions to ST Ong, were “advances” instead. PWC never said these
moneys were distributions to ST Ong and therefore no admissions of this nature
can be inferred from PWC’s report or the PWC List. Further, PWC did not
conduct a tracing exercise to see whether those alleged distributions could be
traced to the estate funds only.

32 Fourth, PWC’s report was prepared on the basis that some of the assets that
Mdm Lim claimed as her own were estate assets and some of the payments
classified as advances came from these funds. Clearly the PWC report could not
be used as proof that these advances originated from the estate funds. If the
PWC List setting out the advances were relied on and all the payments set out
therein were regarded as distributions to ST Ong, it must follow that all
assets and funds from which these payments originated must be assets of the
estate. This would mean that all the assets which PWC claimed to belong to the
estate in their report must be accepted as being such.

33 Mdm Lim strongly refuted these arguments. She pointed out that the hearing
of the inquiry before AR Phang concluded on 28 November 2002. On 10 December
2002, PWC sent the PWC List to Jane Ong. Jane Ong then adopted and admitted
PWC’s position as stated in the List by attaching it as Annexure 10 to the
Written Submissions of the Plaintiff for the Inquiry filed on 16 December
2002, “for the court’s easy reference”. If the PWC List was unreliable, it
would not have been incorporated in the written submissions. The allegations
that the PWC List was prepared on information available only at the time of
the PWC report of 21 March 2000 and that the report was a draft and incomplete
did not have substance. The PWC List was sent out more than two and a half
years after the date of the PWC report and after all the evidence had been
made available at the hearing of the inquiry. The PWC List must have taken
into account the evidence made available after the PWC report because at the
bottom of the PWC List, Note 1 stated that PWC had revised the value of the
Singapore assets (as stated in the PWC report) after taking into account
amendments to the rental income of certain property.

34 In any event, Jane Ong’s position that the PWC report “was a draft and was
incomplete” was completely inconsistent with her previous position. She had
strongly relied on the same report when she applied to court to obtain interim
payments from Mdm Lim. In an affidavit filed on 22 March 2000, Jane Ong had
stated on oath that PWC had made an interim report which showed that a sum in
excess of S$20m was due to her under the deed of assignment. She asked the
court to take the PWC report into account when making that application. She
also stated that the PWC report contained PWC’s conclusions to the date of the
report on the quantum available for distribution from the estate “based on
documents [PWC] have fully examined over the past ten (10) months”. At that
stage, Jane Ong did not state that the PWC report was a draft and incomplete.
The court relied on that affidavit and ordered Mdm Lim to make two interim
payments, the first of S$350,000 and the second of S$600,000, to Jane Ong.
Subsequently, in March 2001, Jane Ong made another affidavit in which she
relied on the findings in the PWC report to establish that ST Ong’s share in
the estate was in excess of S$36m. On the basis of this second affidavit, Mdm
Lim was ordered to pay Jane Ong a further S$1,170,297.75 towards settlement of
her share in the estate.

35 We accept the arguments put forward on behalf of Mdm Lim. Jane Ong employed
accountants to check all the figures put forward by Mdm Lim and to study the
papers that Mdm Lim was relying on. These accountants did not accept AA’s
figures blindly. Apart from the example given by Mdm Lim of the matters set
out in note 1 to the PWC List, there was other evidence that when PWC took the
view that the figures in the AA report were unsubstantiated by documentary
evidence, they had chosen to disregard these figures in favour of their own
evaluation. For instance, AA had indicated that Mdm Lim made various payments
on behalf of the Hong Kong estate totalling HK$405,555. PWC, however, deducted
HK$197,434 from AA’s figure as, in PWC’s view, these payments were not
substantiated by supporting documentation and therefore had to be excluded
from the computation.

36 Jane Ong’s conduct is also relevant. Having obtained the PWC report, she
adopted it by relying on it to support her applications for interim
distributions from the estate. After the inquiry, she asked PWC to do further
work and then made use of the PWC List to support her submissions. The PWC
List and the report were useful to her case in so far as they supported her
stand as to the value of the estate. Having promoted these documents to the
court as being reliable documents and able to assist the court in its
deliberations, Jane Ong cannot now resile from them because Mdm Lim is relying
on certain other information therein to support her own case. Jane Ong cannot
blow hot and cold. The findings of PWC as to what moneys were sent from the
estate to ST Ong were part of the report and were part of what Jane Ong
adopted. When it suited her, she relied on the report without qualification.
At that stage, since she thought the value of the estate was much more than it
was later found out to be, she did not cavil at PWC’s findings as to the
amounts sent to ST Ong. Now that the value of the estate has been found to be
much less than PWC’s estimates, she seeks to cast doubt on its conclusions as
to the payments to ST Ong. She cannot be allowed to do so.

37 We agree that the PWC List must be regarded as proof of the amounts
received by ST Ong. Whether those amounts emanated from the estate’s funds
only is what we will consider next. We note that SP Ong and KT Ong asserted
that it was Jane Ong’s own case, as found in the PWC report, that all the
payments mentioned there originated from estate funds. Whilst that may have
been the opinion of the accountants, we have to decide this point on the basis
of the evidence that Mdm Lim produced to the court to show the origin of the
funds.

**_Distribution from Singapore: $152,849_**

38 The figure of $152,849 originated from a report dated 10 June 1999 and
produced by AA. At Appendix 8A of this report, AA stated that, based on the
estate’s cash books and journals, ST Ong had received some $870,104 as
distributions from the Singapore estate, including $717,255 representing the
proceeds of sale of 4 Chatsworth Park, Singapore. In their response to this
report, Jane Ong’s accountants, PWC, did not deny that ST Ong had received
$870,104 from the estate. PWC agreed that the proceeds of sale of Chatsworth
Park should be characterised as a distribution but they treated the remaining
$152,849 as an advance from the estate, as they mistakenly believed that the
correct test in law was that “payments to beneficiaries cannot be deemed to be
distributions unless each beneficiary is made aware that the payment
constitutes a distribution and that they each receive their respective
entitlement”.

39 We have held above that payments made to ST Ong from the estate’s funds
would, _prima facie_ , be distributions unless proved otherwise by ST Ong or
Jane Ong. That being the case, PWC’s characterisation of $152,849 as an
advance cannot be accepted. That payment was _prima facie_ a distribution to
ST Ong. PWC did, however, characterise the payment of $717,255 as a
distribution. Adding up the figures on the PWC List, therefore, it appears
that ST Ong received a total of $870,104 from the Singapore assets of the
estate of which $717,255 came from the proceeds of sale of Chatsworth Park and
the balance $152,849 came from, probably, the proceeds of sale of a property
in Robinson Road. That figure of $870,104 tallies with the figure given by AA
in their report as the amount distributed to ST Ong from the estate’s
Singapore assets. Jane Ong accepted PWC’s figures as she considered that PWC
had made a critical evaluation of all the evidence disclosed by Mdm Lim. We
consider that having done so, Jane Ong did admit that ST Ong received $870,104
from the estate’s Singapore assets.

_Distribution from Hong Kong: HK$10,087,399_

40 The figure of HK$10,087,399 is derived from PWC’s report, which claimed
that ST Ong had received this amount as advances (excluding interest) from the
Hong Kong estate. It is, however, unclear how PWC arrived at this sum, for the
contents of the report are sketchy. At para 4.29 of the report, PWC simply
state that ST Ong had received from the Hong Kong estate advances and interest
totalling £1,623,919, US$257,306, NZ$592,109 and HK$90,471. In making her
submissions and having realised from this court’s directions that such
payments would be treated as distributions rather than as advances, Mdm Lim
subtracted the interest element from the figures given by PWC to arrive at her
claim that ST Ong received at least HK$10,087,399.

41 It would, however, not be correct to accept the figure of HK$10,087,399 as
the total amount paid to ST Ong from the Hong Kong estate at face value, for
two reasons. First, there were no details showing how PWC arrived at the
amounts they gave. Second, AA, Mdm Lim’s accountants, had calculated that ST
Ong received only HK$8,600,000 from the Hong Kong estate. This figure was
confirmed in a subsequent report by Mdm Lim’s second set of accountants,
Deloitte & Touche in their report dated 6 September 2002.

42 Unfortunately, we cannot take the figure of HK$8,600,000 as it stands
either, as the bank documents which Mdm Lim produced in support of these
various payments did not show whether the payments originated from funds
belonging to the estate or from funds that belonged to Mdm Lim beneficially.
As Jane Ong submitted, if some of the payments included in the computation
originated from assets which Jane Ong had claimed belonged to the estate, but
were found to be owned beneficially by Mdm Lim, then they clearly could not be
traced to estate funds and should not be considered distributions to ST Ong.
We therefore have to examine the payments that made up this HK$8,600,000 to
establish whether they came from estate funds or from Mdm Lim’s funds.

43 Many of the payments which made up the HK$8,600,000 originated from bank
accounts in the Sin Hua Trust Savings & Commercial Bank (“Sin Hua Bank”). Mdm
Lim had three accounts with Sin Hua Bank: a current account, a deposit account
and a foreign deposit account. As far as the current account was concerned,
she admitted that she had intermingled estate funds with her own funds in that
account. AR Phang found that she used this account as the “estate’s account”.
The deposit account was found by AR Phang to contain only Mdm Lim’s funds and,
as for the foreign deposit account, Mdm Lim had asserted that all the money in
that account belonged to her but that payments totalling NZ$447,000 made from
this account to ST Ong constituted a distribution to him from the estate. In
CA 58, we upheld AR Phang’s finding that this sum belonged to the estate but
that the other moneys in the foreign deposit account belonged to Mdm Lim.

44 The payment of NZ$447,000 came from the foreign deposit account. In view of
our holding in CA 58, this sum must be conclusively traced to estate funds. ST
Ong confirmed he had received that amount although he stated that it was paid
as the proceeds of sale of a property in Singapore, 19 Balmoral View. AR Phang
took the view that this evidence was “suspect” but it is probable that he
simply doubted that the money represented the proceeds of sale of the
Singapore property, and that his misgivings did not extend to ST Ong’s actual
receipt of the sum of NZ$447,000.

45 The other payments that made up the HK$8,600,000 comprised £216,161 and
£64,000 paid in January 1981, £85,000 paid in April 1981, £20,000 paid in July
1981, £85,000 paid in June 1982, £20,000 paid in May 1983, $100,000 paid in
September 1983, US$150,000 paid in September 1984 and HK$79,800 paid in
September 1990. The source of each of these payments was not so clear. Mdm Lim
appeared to claim during the inquiry that all distributions to ST Ong came
from the Sin Hua Bank current account which she used as the “estate account”.
Her instructions to Sin Hua Bank and the accompanying documents, however,
suggest that the sterling payments made between January 1981 and June 1982
came from Matured Deposits Ref: TD K0239 and TD K0254. There is no evidence to
suggest that these deposit accounts contained estate moneys. Similarly, there
is no evidence that the £20,000 payment to ST Ong’s National Westminster
account in May 1983 came from an estate account, since Mdm Lim’s instructions
suggest that the money came from another account.

46 The remaining payments are equally hard to classify. The debit memo for the
$100,000 payment in September 1983 does not indicate the account from which
the money came, whilst the US$150,000 payment in September 1984 came from a
joint account of ST Ong and SP Ong, with no indication that this account had
contained estate funds. No supporting documentation was provided to show the
source of the final payment of HK$79,800 in September 1989. In any case, this
payment was made after ST Ong signed the deed of release. At the time of the
payment, the court had not made any pronouncement on the validity of the deed,
in which ST Ong purportedly admitted that he had already received his full
entitlement from the deceased’s estate. If the deed was valid, considering
this payment to be a payment from the estate to ST Ong would have been to make
Mdm Lim guilty of a breach of trust. Therefore, given the circumstances
prevailing in September 1989, we agree with AR Phang that this sum must have
come to ST Ong from Mdm Lim’s funds whether it emanated from her own bank
account or from her share of the estate.

47 Further, there is no evidence to suggest that the sources of the payments
mentioned in [44] and [45] above were computed as part of the assets of the
deceased’s Hong Kong estate by AR Phang. The only asset from the Sin Hua Bank
account which counted as an asset of the estate was the NZ$447,000 plus
interest. If these other deposits in the accounts were not included as part of
the deceased’s estate, then they cannot be considered distributions from the
estate to ST Ong. Mdm Lim did not challenge AR Phang’s finding that moneys in
the foreign deposit account (apart from the NZ$447,000) and the deposit
account belonged to her and not to the estate. In our judgment, in respect of
these payments, Mdm Lim has failed to discharge the burden of showing that
HK$10,087,399 was paid from the estate. She has only established the source of
NZ$447,000.

**_Distribution from other assets: S$457,144.50_**

48 The next issue is whether ST Ong did receive S$457,144.50 from the estate’s
other assets. It would appear that he received, if not exactly that amount,
then something close to it. The amount of S$457,144.50 is artificial in the
sense that it is a figure derived by subtracting the purchase price of 39
Sheldon Avenue from the S$3,007.332 which the PWC List listed as an advance to
ST Ong from other assets of the estate.

49 It would appear that the sum of S$457,144.50 can be correlated to a sum of
£150,000 which formed part of the purchase price of a property in London
called 6 Audley Court. This property cost £300,000 and was purchased in the
names of ST Ong and SP Ong as joint owners. AA treated this purchase price as
a distribution to ST Ong and SP Ong in equal shares. PWC also accepted that ST
Ong received £150,000 for the Audley property although they elected to treat
this sum as an advance. Whilst at one time Mdm Lim had claimed that 6 Audley
Court was purchased with her own personal funds, by the time of this appeal,
she agreed with AA’s characterisation of the purchase. Further, Mdm Lim’s
position had been that the funds for the purchase of this property had come
from her account with the Midland Bank and that these funds were her personal
moneys. AR Phang had held, however, that all the funds in Mdm Lim’s Midland
Bank account had to be treated as the estate’s funds. Mdm Lim did not appeal
against this finding.

50 The accountants’ reports did not, however, agree on the conversion rate
from sterling to Singapore dollars that should be applied to this sum of
£150,000. AA calculated that £150,000 was equivalent to S$787,845 based on the
exchange rate that prevailed in 1975 (£1 = S$5.2523) which was around the time
the property was purchased, but PWC appear to have used an exchange rate of £1
= S$3.0454. They did not, however, give the basis of the rate used. The funds
in the Midland Bank account from which the purchase price was taken were not
denominated in Singapore dollars. As found by AR Phang, these funds came from
a deposit in Deutsche marks which in turn originated from a sum in US dollars.
That being the case, there is no reason to apply the exchange rate prevailing
at the date of the purchase. Instead, it would be more consistent with the
whole exercise of valuing the estate and the distributions made as at August
1991 to use the exchange rate applicable then. According to [373] of AR
Phang’s judgment, the prevailing exchange rate in the week ending 31 August
1991, according to the Monetary Authority of Singapore, was £1 = S$2.8939. On
that basis, the £150,000 distribution was equivalent to S$434,085.

51 Mdm Lim also submitted that various other miscellaneous payments made to ST
Ong came from the estate. She did not, however, substantiate those claims with
further evidence. Indeed, a plain reading of her case before us indicates that
she ultimately chose to rely solely on the figures in the PWC report. That
being the case, we do not have to consider whether ST Ong had received those
other payments from the estate. We find, therefore, that as far as the
estate’s other assets were concerned, ST Ong received £150,000 or S$434,085
from them.

**_Conclusion on sources of payments_**

52 On the basis of our findings above, Mdm Lim has proved that ST Ong received
the sums of $870,104 from the estate’s Singapore assets, $441,680.70 from the
estate’s Hong Kong assets (NZ$447,000 at the exchange rate of NZ$1 = S$0.9881
in 1991 as _per_ [374] of AR Phang’s judgment), and $434,085 from its other
assets. We now turn to consider whether Jane Ong has been able to prove that
Mdm Lim’s intention in making any of the foregoing payments was to make a gift
to ST Ong or to put money into his hands as co-administrator for investment on
behalf of the estate.

**Purpose of the payments**

53 First, regarding the payments from the Singapore estate, in Appendix 8A of
the AA report, a full breakdown of these payments was given. This appendix
shows that between December 1975 and 1978, a total sum of $7,780 was paid
towards ST Ong’s school fees and allowances. Given the nature of these
payments, it would appear that Mdm Lim intended these amounts to be gifts to
ST Ong, rather than distributions from the estate. As his mother, it would be
natural for Mdm Lim to pay for her son’s school fees and to make him
allowances out of her own funds. Prior to the deceased’s death in 1974, Mdm
Lim would have been paying ST Ong’s school fees and allowances from the
parents’ funds and there is no evidence that, after her husband’s death, she
decided that such expenses had to come out of ST Ong’s share of the estate
rather than be borne by her. At the time, ST Ong was only 18 to 19 years old
and the natural inference in relation to these payments must be that these
particular sums were also intended to be gifts. Jane Ong has not, however,
adduced any further evidence to suggest that the remaining payments were
anything other than distributions from the estate. The final amount
distributed to ST Ong from the Singapore estate therefore stands at $862,324
($870,104 less $7,780).

54 Next, we turn to the payments from the Hong Kong estate. Much of the
parties’ arguments on this point centred on the use of various payments by ST
Ong to finance various business projects which failed. This was logical since
the evidence surrounding Mdm Lim’s intentions at various times was not clear
and therefore the ultimate use to which the payments were made could have been
a potent indicator of whether the payments were gifts or distributions. We
have found, however, that only NZ$447,000 can be conclusively traced to estate
funds. Thus, we need not go into the nitty gritty to determine whether these
business projects were undertaken by ST Ong personally, or on behalf of the
family, since the other payments could not be considered distributions in any
case.

55 As for the sum of NZ$447,000, ST Ong himself admitted having received the
same. It came from the sale of Balmoral View, a Singapore property. Jane Ong
made a bare allegation that Mdm Lim had given the money to ST Ong to
compensate him for the sale of his home. There is, however, no evidence to
support her assertion that this money was intended to be a gift. That being
the case, the NZ$447,000 (S$441,680.70) should be counted as part of ST Ong’s
distribution from the estate.

56 PWC took the view that a payment of $100,000 on 28 September 1983 to ST
Ong’s Kwangtung Provincial Bank account could not be considered a
distribution, as the same amount was transferred from ST Ong’s account back to
Mdm Lim’s overdraft account with Kwangtung Provincial Bank in Singapore just
two days later. This view is open to criticism. The relevant debit and credit
memoranda did show a credit into ST Ong’s account on 26 September 1983, and a
further credit of an identical amount to Mdm Lim on 28 September 1983, but
there was no indication that the credit to Mdm Lim’s account came from ST
Ong’s account. In the course of the inquiry, AR Phang pointed out to counsel
for Jane Ong that there was no evidence that the $100,000 put into Mdm Lim’s
account came from ST Ong’s account and counsel then conceded that he was
simply making a supposition. In the circumstances there is no basis on which
we can find that the payment made on 28 September 1983 was not a distribution.

57 In the result, we find that ST Ong received the following amounts as
distributions from the deceased’s estate:

**Origin of assets** |  **Distribution received** |  **S$ equivalent**  
---|---|---  
Singapore |  $862,324 |  862,324  
Hong Kong |  NZ$447,000 |  441,680.70  
Other Assets |  £150,000 |  434,085  
**Total distribution as of 29 August 1991** |  **1,738,089.70**  
  
58 AR Phang valued ST Ong’s interest in the estate as being worth more than
S$4.6m and, accordingly, found the value of the share assigned to Jane Ong to
be at least S$2,321,770.27. In CA 58, we affirmed the valuations made by AR
Phang. In view of our findings above, as of 12 August 1991, ST Ong had
received only $1,738,089.70 as distributions from the estate. Thus, more than
half his entitlement had not been distributed. On 29 August 1991, therefore,
he was fully capable of assigning an entire half share of his interest in the
estate to Jane Ong. Accordingly, although we have found that AR Phang was in
error when he assessed the distributions to ST Ong as amounting to only
$717,255, there is no change in Jane Ong’s position as a result of our
findings.

**Costs of the inquiry**

59  Turning to the issue of costs, Mdm Lim is the only party appealing against
AR Phang’s costs order. AR Phang had ordered Mdm Lim to pay Jane Ong’s costs
of the inquiry, subject to a number of exclusions in respect of items that he
considered had been unnecessarily or unreasonably incurred. Mdm Lim submitted
that she should only be made liable for half of Jane Ong’s costs and
disbursements for attendance with her solicitor and half the court fees, and
Jane Ong’s costs for challenging the disputed assets and valuations should not
be allowed.

60 The main basis for Mdm Lim’s appeal is O 59 r 6A of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, 2004 Rev Ed), which states:

In addition to and not in derogation of any other provision in this Order,
where a party has failed to establish any claim or issue which he has raised
in any proceedings, and has thereby _unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted,
or added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings,_ the Court may order
that the costs of that party shall not be allowed in whole or in part, or that
any costs occasioned by that claim or issue to any other party shall be paid
by him to that other party, regardless of the outcome of the cause or matter.
[emphasis added]

61 The submission was that, under this rule, the only factors that the court
can consider in making a costs order are those set out in O 59 r 6A, and the
other circumstances AR Phang had taken into account in making his order were
improper and irrelevant. The fatal flaw in this argument is the fact that the
factors enumerated in O 59 r 6A are clearly not intended to be exhaustive. It
is also apparent from the use of the word “may” that, even if the matters in O
59 r 6A are proved, the court still has a residual discretion to decide on the
proper order of costs. This accords with the axiomatic principle that costs
are entirely discretionary. As O 59 r 2(2) states:

[T]he _costs_ of and incidental to proceedings in the Supreme Court or the
Subordinate Courts, including the administration of estates and trusts, _shall
be in the discretion of the Court_ , and _the Court shall have full power to
determine by whom and to what extent the costs are to be paid._ [emphasis
added]

62 In exercising his discretion, AR Phang was perfectly entitled to take into
account all the relevant circumstances of the case, and not just those set out
in O 59 r 6A. While it is true that Jane Ong did not succeed in proving a
large number of her claims, this did not necessarily disentitle her from an
award for costs. She did ultimately obtain judgment on various issues and was
declared to have an interest in various properties. The general rule that
costs follow the event does not cease to apply simply because the successful
party did not succeed in every issue or allegation: see _Progress Software
Corporation (S) Pte Ltd v Central Provident Fund Board_ [2003] 2 SLR 156. It
must also be remembered that the inquiry was ancillary to the main action (OS
939/1991), where Jane Ong was also awarded costs as the successful party.
Following the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet
Bernadette_ [1997] 2 SLR 27, the hearing of the inquiry was simply a
continuation of the hearing of the main action, so the same order of costs
should generally follow at the inquiry.

63 AR Phang exhaustively canvassed all the facts of the case and meticulously
examined each of Jane Ong’s costs, allowing them when they were justified and
disallowing them when they were not. Choo J had also scrutinised AR Phang’s
order and found that he had addressed his mind to all the relevant matters,
including the fact that some of Jane Ong’s arguments might have unnecessarily
protracted the proceedings. On the findings that AR Phang had made, his costs
order was justified. Whilst we have held that ST Ong received substantially
more in distributions than the $717,255 accepted by AR Phang, since our
findings will not change the ultimate position, the rationale for AR Phang’s
costs orders has not been undermined. Accordingly, we will not vary AR Phang’s
orders on costs.

64 As for AR Phang’s order that Mdm Lim also bear the costs of ST Ong, SP Ong
and KT Ong, we decline to interfere with his carefully considered decision. As
beneficiaries of the deceased’s estate, they each had an interest to protect
in the inquiry. Although it was not the function of the inquiry to determine
if Mdm Lim had breached her duty as an administrator, it was patent on the
facts that the inquiry would not have been necessary if she had been more
forthcoming in producing accurate accounts of the estate. This is what AR
Phang meant when he commented that the inquiry was necessitated by her
“defaults in administering the estate”. It was therefore completely justified
for AR Phang to make her liable for ST Ong’s, SP Ong’s and KT Ong’s costs as
well.

**Conclusion**

65 In the result, although we have differed with the conclusions of the courts
below as to the amounts received by ST Ong, at the end of the day, the amount
due to Jane Ong from the estate remains unchanged. Accordingly, these appeals
must be dismissed, with costs to be paid to Jane Ong.

Appeals dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

