Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec Plc and Another Suit  
[2005] SGHC 225

Case Number | : | Suit 619/2004, 674/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Patrick Yap Peck Choon and Prithipal Singh (K L Tan and Associates) for the plaintiff; M Ravindran and Adrian Kwong Sze Ken (Ravindran Associates) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd — Oystertec Plc   
  
Tort – Passing off – Plaintiff suing defendants for passing off – Whether
defendants selling goods similar to plaintiff's goods – Whether sufficient
proof of goodwill belonging to plaintiff – Whether any misrepresentation of
defendants' goods as plaintiff's goods – Whether any actual or potential
damage to business or goodwill of plaintiff resulting from such
misrepresentation  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Registered proprietor of trade
marks for pipe fittings seizing allegedly infringing pipe fittings – Whether
any infringement under s 27 Trade Marks Act – Seized pipe fittings three-
dimensional whereas registered proprietor's trade marks two-dimensional –
Whether two-dimensional trade marks registered under repealed Trade Marks Act
may be considered three-dimensional shape marks as provided for under new
Trade Marks Act without need for fresh application for registration as such –
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1993 Rev Ed), ss 27, 109, Third Sched para 2(1)
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Registered proprietor of trade
marks for pipe fittings seizing allegedly infringing pipe fittings – Whether
registered proprietor making groundless threat of trade mark infringement –
Whether defence of actual infringement of trade marks available to registered
proprietor – Sections 27, 35 Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Invalidity – Grounds for declaring registered
trade mark invalid – Whether registered proprietor's trade marks satisfying
definition of "trade mark" – Whether registered proprietor's trade marks
having any distinctive character – Whether application for registration made
in bad faith – Sections 2(1), 7(1)(a), 7(1)(b), 7(6), 23(1) Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Revocation – Whether to revoke registered
proprietor's trade marks for non-use – Burden of proving use – Minimal use of
registered trade marks in pristine form – Whether use of registered trade
marks in form differing in elements suffices – Whether any proper reasons for
non-use – Sections 22(1), 22(2), 105 Trade marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

15 December 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction**

1 The present case raises, apparently for the first time in the local courts,
issues relating to the legal status of shape marks.

2 Shape marks are, as the very term suggests, three-dimensional in nature.
Prior to the enactment of the present Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“TMA” or “the present Act”) in 1998, which came into force on 15 January 1999
(with the exception of s 54, which came into force on 31 October 2000), such
(shape) marks could not be registered. Only two-dimensional marks could be
registered. However, since the enactment of the present Act, shape marks may
be registered.

3 As we shall see, the present proceedings do not relate to shape marks that
were registered under the TMA. Hence, an important _threshold_ issue that
arises is whether or not the registered trade marks that are the subject
matter of the present proceedings and that were originally registered under
the previous Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1993 Rev Ed) (“the previous Act”) as
two-dimensional marks can now be considered as three-dimensional shape marks
for the purposes of the present proceedings.

4 However, I am running a little ahead of the story. Before proceeding to
outline and consider the various legal issues raised in the present
proceedings, it would be appropriate to set out briefly the relevant factual
background.

5 On 27 May 2004, Oystertec Plc (“Oystertec”), a company registered in the UK,
obtained (and subsequently executed) a search warrant at the premises of Best
Ceramic Pte Ltd (“Best Ceramic”). This raid was executed together with members
of the Criminal Investigation Department’s Intellectual Property Rights
Branch. Best Ceramic is a retailer of, _inter alia_ , pipe fittings. Oystertec
in fact seized 950 pipe fittings supplied by Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd
(“Nation Fittings”).

6 Correspondence ensued between the lawyers for Oystertec, Best Ceramic as
well as Nation Fittings. Amongst this correspondence was a letter dated 18
June 2004 from Oystertec, through its lawyers, which contained (according to
Nation Fittings) a threat of legal proceedings.

7 On 23 July 2004, Nation Fittings commenced legal proceedings (in Suit No 619
of 2004), alleging a groundless threat by Oystertec under s 35 of the TMA.
Oystertec’s defence was that the threat was not in fact groundless as the sale
of the (seized) pipe fittings had infringed its registered trade marks under s
27 of the same Act. These registered trademarks in Class 6 (for “pipe
fittings”), of which Oystertec was the registered proprietor, were T81/02113Z
and T81/02114H (hereinafter referred to as “TM 113” and “TM 114”,
respectively, and which can be found at Appendix A to this judgment). TM 113
is in fact the device as used in T81/02114H, but which includes the words
“CONEX SANBRA”.

8 On 13 August 2004, Oystertec commenced its own set of legal proceedings
against Best Ceramic (in Suit No 674 of 2004) for alleged trade mark
infringement of TM 113 and TM 114, as well as for alleged passing off. Best
Ceramic not only denied such alleged infringement as well as passing off but
also counterclaimed for a groundless threat (under s 35 of the TMA) as well as
for the revocation of TM 113 and TM 114 under s 22 of the TMA and/or
invalidation of these registered trade marks under s 23 of the same Act.

9 On 12 November 2004, Lai Siu Chiu J consolidated both the above actions and
ordered that they be heard together. By a subsequent Order of Court dated 21
March 2005, it was ordered that both actions be treated for the purposes of
trial as being one action under the (second) Suit No 674 of 2004, with all
documents filed or given in either of the two actions mentioned being capable
of being used in the consolidated proceedings. These are in fact the actions
before the court in the present proceedings. To avoid unnecessary confusion,
and consistent with the last-mentioned Order of Court, I will henceforth refer
to Oystertec as “the plaintiff” and Best Ceramic as well as Nation Fittings as
(collectively) “the defendants”.

**The issues**

10 The issues raised in this case may be classified into two broad categories
– those relating to statutory provisions in general and to provisions of the
TMA in particular, and those relating to the common law with regard to the law
of passing off.

11 In so far as the former category is concerned, it may be classified into
five broad issues, as follows:

(a) Whether or not the _transitional provisions_ contained in _the Third
Schedule of the TMA (applicable by virtue of s 109 of the same Act)_ operated
to render or “convert” _the plaintiff’s two registered marks_ (_viz_ , TM 113
and TM 114), which were registered as _two_ -dimensional marks under the
_previous Act_ , into _three_ -dimensional (_shape_) marks under the present
Act, _without_ the need for the plaintiff to make a _separate application_
under the present Act.

(b) Whether or not _the actions of both defendants_ in the present proceedings
constitute _trade mark infringement_ under _s 27(1) and/or s 27(2) of the
TMA_.

(c) Whether or not _the plaintiff’s two registered trade marks_ ought to be
_revoked_ on the basis of _non-use_ in Singapore under _s 22(1)(b) of the
TMA_.

(d) Whether or not _the plaintiff’s two registered trade marks_ ought to be
_invalidated_ under _s 23(1) of the TMA_.

(e) Whether the _plaintiff_ had made _a groundless threat_ under _s 35 of the
TMA_ and, if so, the appropriate relief that should be accorded to Nation
Fittings or any other party.

12 In so far as the latter category is concerned, the relevant issues (at
_common law_) centred around the doctrine of _passing off_ – in particular,
whether Best Ceramic had in fact passed off Nation Fittings’ pipe fittings as
the plaintiff’s.

**The relevant provisions of the TMA**

13**** It would also be appropriate, in my view, to set out, right at the
outset of the present judgment, the relevant provisions of the TMA that are in
issue, and which were referred to briefly above.

14 Sections 22(1), 22(2), 22(3) and 22(4) read as follows:

**Revocation of registration**

**22.** —(1) The registration of a trade mark may be revoked on any of the
following grounds:

(_a_) that, within the period of 5 years following the date of completion of
the registration procedure, it has not been put to genuine use in the course
of trade in Singapore, by the proprietor or with his consent, in relation to
the goods or services for which it is registered, and there are no proper
reasons for non-use;

(_b_) that such use has been suspended for an uninterrupted period of 5 years,
and there are no proper reasons for non-use;

(_c_) that, in consequence of acts or inactivity of the proprietor, it has
become the common name in the trade for the product or service for which it is
registered;

(_d_) that, in consequence of the use made of it by the proprietor or with his
consent in relation to the goods or services for which it is registered, it is
liable to mislead the public, particularly as to the nature, quality or
geographical origin of those goods or services.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1), use of a trade mark includes use in a
form differing in elements which do not alter the distinctive character of the
mark in the form in which it was registered, and use in Singapore includes
applying the trade mark to goods or to materials for the labelling or
packaging of goods in Singapore solely for export purposes.

(3) The registration of a trade mark shall not be revoked on the ground
mentioned in paragraph (_a_) or (_b_) of subsection (1) if such use as is
referred to in that paragraph is commenced or resumed after the expiry of the
5 year period and before the application for revocation is made.

(4) Any commencement or resumption of use referred to in subsection (3) after
the expiry of the 5 year period but within the period of 3 months before the
making of the application for revocation shall be disregarded unless
preparations for the commencement or resumption began before the proprietor
became aware that the application might be made.

15 Sections 23(1) and 23(2) read as follows:

**Grounds for invalidity of registration**

**23.** —(1) The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the
ground that the trade mark was registered in breach of section 7.

(2) Where the registered trade mark was registered in breach of section 7 in
that it is a trade mark referred to in subsection (1) (_b_), (_c_) or (_d_) of
that section, it shall not be declared invalid if, in consequence of the use
which has been made of it, it has after registration acquired a distinctive
character in relation to the goods or services for which it is registered.

16 Section 23(1) above refers to s 7, which reads as follows:

**Absolute grounds for refusal of registration**

**7.** —(1) The following shall not be registered:

(_a_) signs which do not satisfy the definition of a trade mark in section 2
(1);

(_b_) trade marks which are devoid of any distinctive character;

(_c_) trade marks which consist exclusively of signs or indications which may
serve, in trade, to designate the kind, quality, quantity, intended purpose,
value, geographical origin, the time of production of goods or of rendering of
services, or other characteristics of goods or services; and

(_d_) trade marks which consist exclusively of signs or indications which have
become customary in the current language or in the bona fide and established
practices of the trade.

(2) A trade mark shall not be refused registration by virtue of subsection (1)
(_b_), (_c_) or (_d_) if, before the date of application for registration, it
has in fact acquired a distinctive character as a result of the use made of
it.

(3) A sign shall not be registered as a trade mark if it consists exclusively
of —

(_a_) the shape which results from the nature of the goods themselves;

(_b_) the shape of goods which is necessary to obtain a technical result; or

(_c_) the shape which gives substantial value to the goods.

(4) A trade mark shall not be registered if it is —

(_a_) contrary to public policy or to morality; or

(_b_) of such a nature as to deceive the public (for instance as to the
nature, quality or geographical origin of the goods or service).

(5) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that its use is
prohibited in Singapore by any written law or rule of law.

(6) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the
application is made in bad faith.

(7) Notwithstanding subsection (2), a trade mark shall not be registered if it
contains or consists of a geographical indication in respect of a wine or
spirit and the trade mark is used or intended to be used in relation to a wine
or spirit not originating from the place indicated in the geographical
indication.

(8) Subsection (7) shall apply whether or not the trade mark has, or is
accompanied by, an indication of the true geographical origin of the wine or
spirit, as the case may be, or an expression such as “kind”, “type”, “style”,
“imitation” or the like, and irrespective of the language the geographical
indication is expressed in that trade mark.

(9) A trade mark shall not be refused registration by virtue of subsection (7)
if the application for its registration had been made in good faith, or if it
had been used continuously in good faith in the course of trade by the
applicant for its registration or his predecessor in title, either —

(_a_) before 15th January 1999; or

(_b_) before the geographical indication in question is protected in its
country of origin.

(10) A trade mark shall not be refused registration by virtue of subsection
(7) if the geographical indication in question —

(_a_) has ceased to be protected; or

(_b_) has fallen into disuse,

in its country of origin.

(11) A trade mark shall not be registered in the cases specified in sections
56 and 57.

(12) The Minister may make rules to provide that a sign specified in the rules
shall not be registered as a trade mark, or shall not be so registered unless
such conditions as may be prescribed are met.

(13) A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the
registration contravenes any rule made under subsection (12).

17 Sections 27(1) and 27(2) read as follows:

**Acts amounting to infringement of registered trade mark**

**27.** —(1) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the
consent of the proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a
sign which is identical with the trade mark in relation to goods or services
which are identical with those for which it is registered.

(2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign where
because —

(_a_) the sign is identical with the trade mark and is used in relation to
goods or services similar to those for which the trade mark is registered; or

(_b_) the sign is similar to the trade mark and is used in relation to goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

18 Section 35 reads as follows:

**Remedy for groundless threats of infringement proceedings**

**35.** —(1) Where a person threatens another with proceedings for
infringement of a registered trade mark other than —

(_a_) the application of the mark to goods or to material used or intended to
be used for labelling or packaging goods;

(_b_) the importation of goods to which, or to the packaging of which, the
mark has been applied; or

(_c_) the supply of services under the mark,

any aggrieved person may bring proceedings for relief under this section.

(2) The relief which may be applied for is any of the following:

(_a_) a declaration that the threats are unjustifiable;

(_b_) an injunction against the continuance of the threats;

(_c_) damages in respect of any loss he has sustained by the threats.

(3) The plaintiff is entitled to the relief referred to in subsection (2)
unless the defendant shows that the acts in respect of which proceedings were
threatened constitute (or if done would constitute) an infringement of the
registered trade mark concerned.

(4) If the defendant showed that the acts in respect of which proceedings were
threatened constitute (or if done would constitute) an infringement of the
registered trade mark concerned, the plaintiff is nevertheless entitled to
relief if he shows that the registration of the trade mark is invalid or
liable to be revoked in a relevant respect.

(5) The mere notification that a trade mark is registered, or that an
application for registration has been made, does not constitute a threat of
proceedings for the purposes of this section.

(6) Nothing in this section shall render an advocate and solicitor liable to
an action under this section in respect of an act done by him in his
professional capacity on behalf of a client.

19 Section 109 reads as follows:

**Transitional provisions**

**109.** —(1) The provisions of the Third Schedule have effect with respect to
transitional matters on 15th January 1999.

(2) The Minister may, by order published in the _Gazette_ , amend the Third
Schedule to make such further transitional provisions as he may consider
necessary and expedient.

20 The material part of the Third Schedule reads as follows:

THIRD SCHEDULE

Section 109

TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS

_Introductory_

1.—(1) In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise requires —

“existing registered mark” means a trade mark or certification trade mark
registered under the Trade Marks Act (Cap. 332, 1992 Ed.) immediately before
15th January 1999;

“the old law” means the repealed Act and any other enactment or rule of law
applying to existing registered marks immediately before 15th January 1999.

(2) For the purposes of this Schedule —

(_a_) an application shall be treated as pending on 15th January 1999 if it
was made but not finally determined before that date; and

(_b_) the date on which it was made shall be the date of filing under the
repealed Act.

_Existing registered marks_

2.—(1) Any existing registered mark, whether registered in Part A or B of the
register kept under the repealed Act, is a registered trade mark for the
purposes of this Act.

(2) Any existing registered mark registered as a certification trade mark in
the register kept under the repealed Act is a registered certification mark
for the purposes of this Act.

(3) Any existing registered mark registered as a series of trade marks in the
register kept under the repealed Act is similarly registered in the new
register for the purposes of this Act.

(4) In any other case, any note indicating that an existing registered mark is
associated with any other mark shall cease to have effect on 15th January
1999.

3.—(1) A condition entered in the register kept under the repealed Act in
relation to an existing registered mark immediately before 15th January 1999
shall cease to have effect on that date.

(2) Proceedings under section 39 (3) of the repealed Act which are pending on
15th January 1999 shall be dealt with under the old law and any necessary
alteration made to the new register.

(3) A disclaimer or limitation entered in the register kept under the repealed
Act in relation to an existing registered mark immediately before 15th January
1999 shall be deemed to be transferred to the new register and have effect as
if entered in the register in pursuance of section 30 of this Act.

**The legal effect of the transitional provisions under the TMA**

21 The main issue which arises in this particular regard is whether or not (as
counsel for the plaintiff has argued) TM 113 and TM 114, having been
registered as _two_ -dimensional marks under the previous Act, can now be
treated as _three_ -dimensional marks under the TMA by virtue of the
transitional provisions in the TMA, _without more_. Mr Prithipal Singh did, at
one stage of the proceedings, concede (on behalf of the plaintiff) that this
particular issue was a threshold one that the plaintiff had to surmount if its
case were to proceed any further. However, he argued that the relevant
transitional provisions under the present TMA had “ _converted_ ” the original
two-dimensional marks into three-dimensional ones.

22 I bear in mind, from the outset, the irrefutable fact that registration of
_three-_ dimensional (shape) marks was _not possible_ under the previous Act.
If the plaintiff is correct in its argument set out in the preceding
paragraph, this would mean that _the mere enactment of the present Act_ would,
_ipso facto_ , confer upon the plaintiff _additional rights it did not
originally possess under the previous Act, without (and this is the important
point) having to satisfy the Registrar of Trade Marks that TM 113 and TM 114
qualify as three-dimensional marks under the present Act_. Put in this form,
the proposition, at first blush at least, is startling, to say the least. It
would mean that the plaintiff would be able to derive _additional_ rights by
_simply relying on the repeal of one Act and the enactment of another – again
(to emphasise the point) without more_.

23 If the plaintiff is to succeed on this particular issue, it must, in my
view, demonstrate that _the clear language and intent_ in _the transitional
provisions_ themselves _confer_ such an (additional) right.

24 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Patrick Yap, in fact argues that the
provisions, on a _literal_ reading, confer such a right. As already set out
above, s 109 of the TMA (at [19] above) refers to the transitional provisions
set out in the Third Schedule. The relevant provisions in the Third Schedule
have also been set out above (at [20]). In particular, para 2(1) is
particularly apposite. A close analysis of the precise language used is
therefore imperative. The provision itself reads as follows:

_Any existing registered mark_ , whether registered in Part A or B of the
register kept under the repealed Act, _is a registered trade mark for the
purposes of this Act_. [emphasis added]

25 The definition of an “existing registered mark” is found in para 1(1) of
the Third Schedule and has been set out above (at [20]).

26 It would appear at first blush, as counsel for the plaintiff has argued,
that a _literal_ reading of para 2(1) would suggest that TM 113 and TM 114,
registered under the old law as two-dimensional marks, had become registered
trade marks “for the purposes of this Act [_viz_ , the TMA]”.

27 I pause at this juncture to note that a literal reading of the (indeed,
any) statutory text could lead to a dry, brittle literalness that does no
justice to the enterprise of the law in general and the text concerned in
particular. On the contrary, the favoured approach nowadays (and rightly so,
in my view) is a purposive approach that is exemplified not only by the case
law but also by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act itself (Cap 1, 1999 Rev Ed).
Indeed, a purposive approach towards the statutory text does not ignore the
literal meaning of the text by any means but, rather, complements it by
ensuring that the purpose and intent of the statutory text itself is achieved
and that any strained and, a fortiori, absurd result is avoided. I should
reiterate that the court’s interpretation should be consistent with, and
should not either add to or take away from, or stretch unreasonably, the
literal language of the statutory provision concerned. In other words, the
literal statutory language constitutes the broad framework within which the
purpose and intent of the provision concerned is achieved. It is imperative,
to underscore the point just made, that this framework is not distorted as the
ends do not justify the means. Where, for example, it is crystal clear that
the statutory language utilised does not capture the true intention and
meaning of the provision concerned, any reform cannot come from “legal
gymnastics” on the part of the court but, rather, must come from the
Legislature itself.

28 Looked at in this light and bearing in mind the principles set out in the
preceding paragraph, an alternative – and, in my view, more reasonable as well
as persuasive – interpretation of para 2(1) of the Third Schedule of the TMA
is as follows: _For the purposes of continuity and (hence) predictability, as
well as to avoid the concomitant chaos that would ensue from the conclusion or
assumption that trade marks registered under the previous (now repealed) Act
had lapsed, para 2(1) provides that such existing trade marks would continue
as registered trade marks in the form they were originally registered for the
purposes of the (new) TMA_. Indeed, a logistical logjam or even nightmare
would be prevented in the process. From a practical perspective, it would have
made _no sense_ for existing registered trade mark holders to have spent all
the time and effort to _re-_ register trade marks that were _already_
registered under the old law. After all, the TMA was _not_ intended to affect
_existing_ trade marks. If so, what need would there then have been to require
re-registration? It would, in my view, have been an exercise in futility.
_Hence, trade marks already registered under the old law as two-dimensional
marks would be treated as continuing as registered (two-dimensional) trade
marks under the TMA without the need for the additional, and practically
otiose, step of registration under the TMA_. This was all that was intended,
in my view, by the enactment of para 2(1) of the Third Schedule in the TMA.
_It was not intended to confer, retrospectively, any additional rights that
did not already exist by virtue of registration under the previous Act (which
was repealed by the TMA)_. If the position were otherwise, then the procedural
requirements under rr 15(2) and 16(5) of the Trade Mark Rules (Cap 332, R 1,
2000 Rev Ed) would be bypassed and be rendered redundant or otiose in a
significant number of cases.

29 It is undoubtedly the case that the TMA did in fact provide, in some
instances at least, for _new_ rights that did _not_ exist under the previous
Act. Indeed, as I have briefly alluded to at the outset of the present
judgment, the new TMA allowed for the _registration_ of _three-_ dimensional
(_shape_) marks. This was previously _not_ available under the previous Act.
_However_ , _such_ additional or new rights could _only_ , in my view, be
attained by _a fresh registration under the TMA_. Indeed, it should be noted
that the plaintiff in the instant case has in fact already lodged a fresh
registration under the Act for a three-dimensional or shape mark, the outcome
of which is still pending.[note: 1] Whilst it could be argued that the
plaintiff was hedging its bets, so to speak, in doing so, it would follow,
given my interpretation of (especially) para 2(1) of the Third Schedule of the
TMA, that this is the _only_ way that a valid right in a three-dimensional
shape mark could be obtained pursuant to the provisions of the TMA, bearing in
mind the fact that it is _a completely new right that never existed under the
previous Act_.

30 I should add that even the application for a shape mark under the TMA is
itself not merely a formality or a forgone conclusion by any means. Indeed,
merely to show an unusual or attractive shape is insufficient: There _must_ be
_trade mark significance_ inasmuch as the shape concerned performs the
function of _identifying origin_ : see, for example, the English High Court
decision of _Yakult Honsha KK’s Trade Mark Application_ [2001] RPC 39 at [10].
And there are a great many instances where the application for such a (shape)
mark has in fact been unsuccessful: see, for example, in addition to _Yakult
Honsha KK’s Trade Mark Application_ , the (also) English High Court decisions
of _Interlego AG’s Trade Mark Applications_ [1998] RPC 69 and _Dualit Ltd’s
(Toaster Shapes) Trade Mark Applications_ [1999] RPC 890, as well as the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Procter & Gamble Ltd’s Trade Mark
Applications_ [1999] RPC 673. Also, whilst it is true that the criteria for
assessing the distinctiveness of three-dimensional shapes of product marks are
no different from those to be applied to other categories of trade marks, the
need (as we have seen) to identify the origin of the product and the need to
take into account the perception of the consumers of the goods concerned may
in fact have the result that “it _may in practice_ be more difficult to
establish distinctiveness in relation to a shape of product mark _than a word
or figurative trade mark_ ” [emphasis added]: see the European Court of
Justice decision of _Linde AG v Deutsches Patent-und Markenamt_ [2003] RPC 45
at [48]. To like effect is the (also) European Court of Justice decision of
_Henkel KGAA v Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market_ [2005] ETMR 44
at [38] and the English Court of Appeal decision of _Bongrain SA’s Trade Mark
Application_ [2005] RPC 14. Indeed, in this last-mentioned decision, Jacob LJ,
who delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at [25]):

As a matter or principle I do not accept that just because a shape is unusual
for the kind of goods concerned, the public will _automatically_ take it as
denoting trade origin, as being the badge of the maker. At the heart of trade
mark law is the function of a trade mark — expressed in Recital 10 of the
[European] Directive as an indication of origin. The perception of the public
— of the average consumer is what matters. Mr Daniel Alexander Q.C., for the
Registrar, helpfully pointed out that the kinds of sign which may be
registered fall into a kind of spectrum as regards public perception. This
starts with the most distinctive forms such as invented words and fancy
devices. In the middle are things such as semidescriptive words and devices.
Towards the end are shapes of containers. The end would be the very shape of
the goods. Signs at the beginning of the spectrum are of their very nature
likely to be taken as put on the goods to tell you who made them. Even
containers, such as the fancy Henkel container, may be perceived as chosen
especially by the maker of the contents (_e.g_. shampoo) to say “look — here
is the product of me, the maker of the contents”. But, at the very end of the
spectrum, the shape of goods as such is unlikely to convey such a message. The
public is not used to mere shapes conveying trade mark significance …
[emphasis in original]

31 The preceding paragraph further supports the argument – made above – to the
effect that an “automatic conversion” of a two-dimensional mark into a three-
dimensional (shape) mark was not intended by the relevant transitional
provisions under the present TMA.

32 However, Mr Yap also argued that his interpretation of the transitional
provisions was supported by the decision of Rimer J in the English High Court
decision of _Koninklijke Philips NV v Remington Consumer Products Ltd_ [2005]
FSR 17 (“ _Philips 2005_ ”). In particular, he cited the following passage
from Rimer J’s judgment (at [13]), as follows:

One of the significant changes introduced by the Directive and the Act was the
extension of trade mark protection to the shape of goods, or to three-
dimensional marks. The 452 mark is a _two-_ dimensional drawing and was in
fact registered in 1993 _, before the_ [new] _Act_ [which is similar to the
TMA] _came into force._ It is, _however, common ground_ that, _if its
registration was valid, it should be treated as also covering a three-
dimensional shape_. [emphasis added]

33 In my view, _Philips 2005_ is _not_ applicable to the present case. In
particular, it can, as we shall see in a moment, be distinguished easily from
the facts of the present proceedings. Let me elaborate.

34 First, the proposition by Rimer J in the above quotation is _not_ the
_ratio decidendi_ (or even one of the _rationes decidendi_) in _Philips 2005_
itself. A close perusal of the passage will reveal that it was “ _common
ground_ ” between counsel for _both opposing_ parties that the trade mark
concerned (“the 452 mark”) would, having been registered as a _two_
-dimensional drawing, _nevertheless_ be treated “as also covering a _three_
-dimensional shape”. In short, the point was admitted by the defendant in
_Philips 2005_ and was, hence, _never argued_. Indeed, there was no common
intention that even _that_ unargued point would have any effect beyond the
specific facts of that particular case. It would, in my view, be extremely
unwise, therefore, to treat the views of Rimer J as being even highly
persuasive – and this is a view that Rimer J, I would hasten to add, might, in
all likelihood, have taken himself.

35 Secondly, it is also very significant, in my view, that the trade mark in
question (the 452 mark) was in fact _a drawing of_ what was _clearly_ a
_three-_ dimensional shape (see Appendix B of this judgment). In other words,
the 452 mark in _Philips 2005_ was _intended to depict a three-dimensional
shape_ , _viz_ , a shape with _depth and perspective_. Why, then, it might be
asked, was it not filed as a three-dimensional shape mark? It was simply
because, at _that_ particular point in time (_viz_ , the time of
registration), the law did _not_ permit the registration of three-dimensional
trade marks, _only two_ \- dimensional ones (this, it should be noted in more
than passing, was _also_ the situation in the _Singapore_ context in general
and the present situation in particular). Hence, the claimant in _Philips
2005_ did _the best it could under the circumstances_ , which was to register
the trade mark _in a manner that depicted its three-dimensional aspects as
well_.

36 What has just been mentioned in the preceding paragraph is corroborated by
the fact that the 452 mark was _not_ the _only_ mark registered by the
claimant _under the previous UK Act_. On the _contrary_ , _two prior existing
trade marks_ had _already been_ successfully registered by the claimant. It is
_very instructive_ , in my view, that both these last-mentioned trade marks
were not only _two_ -dimensional drawings (as they, in the very nature of
things (here as a depiction in drawings), _had_ to be) but were _also
represented as such_. In other words, the two prior existing trade marks
depicted a _two-dimensional drawing_ _with no depth or shape whatsoever in
what was a simple plan view_ (and see Appendix C of this judgment). It is of
the _first importance_ to note that these particular trade marks (in Appendix
C) are _very similar in nature and outlook_ to TM 113 and TM 114, which are of
course the subject matter of the present proceedings (and which are to be
found in Appendix A). _All_ these shapes (in both Appendix A as well as in
Appendix C) have a _common thread_ : They are all representations or
depictions _in a two-dimensional manner (ie_ , via a _drawing) of (and this is
the vital point) what is, in form and substance, a two-dimensional trade mark
(as apparently viewed from a plan view)_. There is, in other words, _no
representation or depiction of any form in respect of depth or perspective in
all the trade marks exhibited at Appendix A and at Appendix C to this
judgment._

37 __ All this is in _sharp contrast_ to the 452 mark in _Philips 2005_.
Indeed, this difference in representation or depiction would be immediately
obvious to even the average person. My initial view, that there is (as a
result) a _significant legal_ difference as well, was subsequently driven home
by the views of counsel for the defendants, Mr M Ravindran, to very similar
effect in his submissions in reply to counsel for the plaintiff’s submissions.

38 Thirdly, I also note that, in _Philips 2005_ , the claimant concerned
applied for registration of the 452 mark under the old UK Act _not long prior
to_ the coming into force of the _new_ Act. This is significant. The claimant
in that case applied for registration on _20 April 1993_. This was slightly
over a year before the new (UK) Act came into force (on _July 1994_). When we
bear in mind the fact that the two trade marks (in _two_ -dimensional format
and as set out in Appendix C) were registered well before the new Act came
into force in July 1994 _and_ were _not_ relied upon by the claimant, it is
clear that the claimant’s intention in _Philips 2005_ with regard to the
registration of the 452 mark on 20 April 1993 was to apply for a trade mark
that was _three-_ dimensional in nature (see Appendix B), with the at least
possible hope that when the _new_ Act came into force, there would then accrue
(to the claimant) a right in a _three-_ dimensional shape mark that was not
hitherto possible under the previous law. And, for good measure, the claimant
_also_ made a _fresh_ application under the _new_ Act for the re-registration
of the _exact same mark_ as the 452 mark on _31 October 1994_.

39 The present case is similar, in many ways, to _Philips 2005_. _However_ ,
there are _also_ a number of _crucial points of difference_ which, as I have
pointed out above, serve to _distinguish_ the present proceedings from those
which obtained in _Philips 2005_. In the circumstances, therefore, the
plaintiff’s reliance on _Philips 2005_ is, with respect, misconceived.
_Philips 2005_ was decided – and therefore stands – on its own facts.

40 In all this, there are also at least three more _general_ lessons that can
be learnt. The first is that one has to be very careful about what are central
propositions of law on the one hand and what are (in contrast) peripheral or
marginal propositions, or even (as was the case here) concessions, on the
other.

41 The second more general lesson is this: even if _Philips 2005_ is on point
(which, as I have just mentioned, it is not), it _does not automatically bind
Singapore courts_. On many occasions, the received English law is appropriate
to local circumstances and ought to be adopted (see, for example, _CHS CPO
GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR 202 at [87]). On other occasions, however, the
received English law might have to be modified or even discarded altogether.
This is premised on two criteria, the application of both of which must be
integrated – the need for the principle concerned to be consistent with
general reason and logic as well as the need for the principle concerned to be
appropriate to the circumstances of Singapore. On occasion, one will be more
prominent than the other, although, for the most part, both would have a role
to play as the court concerned assesses whether or not the received English
law ought to be continued, modified or rejected.

42 The third constitutes one of the central principles in the methodology of
the common law. It is that the _facts and context_ of each case must be
examined closely. This is especially needful where, as here, what appears
persuasive at first blush might actually be the precise opposite (as I have
found) when the specific factual matrices are examined and compared more
closely. The common law system operates by way of a system of analogy, but,
for that very reason, one must ensure that the analogies drawn as well as
applied are as accurate as possible.

43 Consistent with the reasons I have given above, I find no conflict between
the approach I have adopted in the present case and that adopted in _Philips
2005_ , where the point was not definitively decided in the first instance. In
any event, as I have pointed out, the nature, intention and purpose of the
relevant transitional provisions in the TMA, as well as common sense, the
public interest and general considerations of fairness and justice, make it
clear, in my view, that a trade mark registered under the previous law does
_not_ , _ipso facto_ and _without more_ , confer _additional_ rights by virtue
of its registration under the (_new_) TMA. I would, nevertheless, be prepared
to go so far as to hold _or_ at least to leave open the point that if the
trade mark concerned had been registered under the _previous_ law _with the
intention of appropriating a three-dimensional shape mark although it was not
then possible and was depicted accordingly_ , then it _might be possible_ –
but that is the _highest_ I would put it – for that particular trade mark to
confer the _additional_ right to a _three_ -dimensional shape mark under the
_new_ Act (_ie_ , the TMA), _without_ the need for _a fresh application_ under
the new Act itself. However, this is _clearly not_ the case _here_. Both TM
113 and TM 114 were _two_ -dimensional trade marks _and_ were registered as
such. There is _nothing_ in the both of them to suggest any intention to
appropriate a _three_ -dimensional right as such.

44 On this ground alone, and consistent with the plaintiff’s own admission or
concession (at [21] above), I must find in favour of the defendants.

45 I should add that I am fortified in my decision by the broader
consideration to the effect that whilst the court should recognise and give
effect to the rights of registered trade mark holders wherever appropriate, it
should also bear in mind the fact that such rights should not be permitted to
either blatantly or subtly develop into disguised monopolies which stifle or
stymie the general public interest and welfare. Put simply, registered trade
mark holders ought, except in the face of the clearest indications by the
courts or Legislature to the contrary, to be expected to demonstrate the legal
basis for the rights they claim – particularly where (as in the present case)
the plaintiff is seeking an “expansion” of existing trade mark rights simply
by reliance on the transitional provisions of the TMA alone. Before the court
affirms such rights, the statutory language and intention here must be clear.
However, this is clearly not the case in the present proceedings as I have
elaborated upon in some detail above. Indeed, in the House of Lords decision
of _Coca-Cola Trade Marks_ [1986] FSR 472, it was emphasised (at 474) that the
then UK Trade Marks Act (of 1938) (c 22) “was _not_ _intended to confer on_ a
manufacturer of a container or on the manufacturer of an article _a statutory
monopoly_ on the ground that the manufacturer has in the eyes of the public
established a connection between the shape of the container or article and the
manufacturer” [emphasis added]. Although that case considered a different Act,
the point of general principle, in my view, remains. In this regard, one might
also usefully refer to the observations of Laddie J in the English High Court
decision of _Wagamama Ltd v City Centre Restaurants Plc_ [1995] FSR 713 (“the
_Wagamama_ case”) at 729, that _did_ concern the current UK Act (which is
similar to its Singapore counterpart) and where the learned judge referred to
the need to _justify_ monopolies (reference may also be made to the English
High Court decision of _Interlego AG’s Trade Mark Applications_ ([30] _supra_
at 108–110)). Finally, the following observations by Prof David Vaver (who is
presently Professor of Intellectual Property and Information Technology Law at
the University of Oxford and who is one of the leading scholars in the field
worldwide) in “Unconventional and Well-Known Trade Marks” [2005] Sing JLS 1 at
18 should also be noted:

[D]oes granting greater trade mark rights do anything worthwhile other than
reward efforts that would have occurred anyway?

I think not. Traders will always seek to make their products look, feel or
smell better to attract or retain customers. They have plenty of ways to
distinguish their products or services through conventional marketing
practices. The truly inventive idea or design may deserve a patent or design
right if it meets patent or design protection criteria. _To allow trade mark
protection in addition for the “unconventional mark” [including shape marks]
is to suggest the irrelevance of other protective regimes that were supposedly
designed to encourage particular forms of innovation and to let other
practices remain free for imitation. Deliberately chosen patent and design
policies should not be swept aside by the side wind of trade mark law._

[emphasis added]

46 A pertinent – and related – point was also raised by Mr Ravindran for the
defendants. He argued that even if it were possible for certain two-
dimensional marks to be used to enforce rights in relation to a (three-
dimensional) shape as argued for by the plaintiff (which argument I have in
fact rejected), this should not be permitted with respect to TM 113 and TM 114
as the ambit of the rights in relation to these two marks is not clear at all
on the face of the public register – because (as Mr Ravindran, correctly in my
view, points out) they do _not_ , _inter alia_ , make _any claim_ for a
_three-_ dimensional shape or include various representations of every aspect
of the shape being claimed. This argument is in fact _ad idem_ with the views
I have expressed earlier on in this judgment (and see, especially, above at
[35] and [43]). Indeed, Mr Ravindran pointed pertinently to the plaintiff’s
_current application_ made _after_ _the filing of the writs in the current
proceedings_ (application number T04/19069J filed on 4 November 2004), which
application the plaintiff’s main witness, Mr Thomas Tan (“PW1”), conceded,
under cross-examination, would present a _clearer_ picture of the ambit of the
rights claimed in so far as the plaintiff’s pipe fittings are concerned – not
least because they are in a _three-_ dimensional format with _five_
representations of three-dimensional shapes of the said pipe fittings as well
(see Appendix D) . Indeed, in his submissions, Mr Ravindran gave a number of
actual examples of three-dimensional marks registered under the (present) TMA
by persons _already_ having two-dimensional marks.[note: 2]

47 The Singapore Trade Mark Register is in fact open for public inspection
(see s 68(1) of the TMA). The suggested requirement (set out in the preceding
paragraph) that the ambit of rights in relation to registered trade marks
(such as TM 113 and TM 114) should be clear on the face of the public register
would appear to be both logical and commonsensical. Indeed, as Mr Ravindran
has cogently argued in his submissions, any approach to the contrary would
impair the very function of the public register itself, which is to enable
“other traders … to ascertain with certainty exactly what their competitors
(actual or potential) have registered or have applied to register” (see
_Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2001)
(“ _Kerly’s_ ”) at para 2-12; reference may also be made to the European Court
of Justice decision of _Sieckmann v Deutsches Patent-und Markenamt_ [2003] RPC
38 at [48] and [52]). It is important to reiterate that this approach is in
fact consistent with my views with respect to the persuasiveness of _Philips
2005_ , as the focus in that particular case was on a clear and unambiguous
representation of a three-dimensional mark in the form of the 452 mark, albeit
in two-dimensional form (see generally above at [33]–[39]).

48 However, in deference to the very comprehensive arguments proffered by both
counsel (who should be commended for their considerable industry and
diligence), I will deal with the remaining issues they have raised and argued.
In the circumstances, I will not dwell at length on them, except on the few
instances where the law concerned is still unclear.

**The issue of infringement**

**_Is there a requirement that there be use as a trade mark?_**

49**** Although I have found that the plaintiff’s case fails at the threshold,
I nevertheless proceed to consider its case with regard to the other issues on
the _assumption_ that it passes muster under the very first issue.

50 It is important to note, at this juncture, that the legal burden of proof
lies throughout on the plaintiff.

51 It is equally important to note that, of the many issues canvassed in the
context of _the TMA_ (see generally above at [11]), the defendant has to
succeed on _just one_ issue in order to prevail.

52 It should also be noted that, in so far as issues relating to the _common
law_ action by the plaintiff in the context of the tort of _passing off_ is
concerned, all the defendant has to demonstrate is that _one_ of the essential
elements that must be proved by the plaintiff on the balance of probabilities
is missing in order to prevail.

53 So much by way of a brief preamble. Turning, now, to the issue of
infringement in general and s 27 of the TMA in particular, there is yet
another significant issue of law that is still, as we shall see, _an open
question_ in both England _and_ in Singapore. Simply put, the issue is whether
or not, in order to establish a trade mark infringement under s 27 of the TMA
(or its UK equivalent), the alleged infringing use by the defendant must
_also_ constitute _use as a trade mark_ in the first instance.

54 Not surprisingly, Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued that such an additional
requirement referred to at the end of the preceding paragraph is _not_
required. He cited both the views of Jacob J (as he then was) in the English
High Court decision of _British Sugar Plc v James Robertson & Sons Ltd_ [1996]
RPC 281 at 290 (“the _British Sugar_ case”) and of Aldous LJ in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Philips Electronics NV v Remington Consumer
Products Ltd_ [1999] RPC 809 at 823, in support of his argument.

55 _However_ , Mr Ravindran for the defendants, who (also, not surprisingly)
argued for inclusion of such an additional requirement, cited the recent House
of Lords decision of _R v Johnstone_ [2003] FSR 42 in support of his argument.
It is significant, as Mr Ravindran points out, that the House in this
particular decision did in fact consider _both_ decisions cited by Mr Yap in
the preceding paragraph. In other words, the House was cognisant of the
contrary view as embodied in both these cases but nevertheless arrived at a
_different_ decision. I also note that the decision of the House is, in the
_UK_ hierarchy of courts, one that emanates from the _highest_ court of the
land.

56 Nevertheless, as Mr Ravindran himself acknowledged in his written
submissions, the views of the House in _R v Johnstone_ were nevertheless
_obiter dicta_ , dealing as they did with the criminal provisions of the
corresponding UK Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (“the 1994 UK Act”). But a close
reading of the decision itself reveals that the issue that concerns the
present court, _ie_ , whether use as a trade mark is necessary in the context
of alleged trade mark infringement, was in fact considered and ruled upon by
the House itself.

57 It also seems clear at the moment that, in so far as identical goods or
services under the equivalent of _s 27(1)_ of the TMA are concerned (this
provision being reproduced at [17] above), use as a trade mark _is_ required
in the _European_ context: see the decision of the European Court of Justice
in _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ [2003] RPC 9 (“the _Arsenal Football
Club_ case”). However, the court, in this particular decision, did consider
the difficulty posed by the fact that infringement was stated to be in
relation to the use of a “sign”, as opposed to a “trade mark”. It focused,
nonetheless, on what it perceived to be the essential function of a trade
mark, which “is to guarantee the identity of origin of the marked goods or
services to the consumer or end user by enabling him, without any possibility
of confusion, to distinguish the goods or services from others which have
another origin” (see _id_ at [48]). Indeed, this part – and other parts – of
the judgment were cited and applied in _R v Johnstone_ (and see [64] below).
Not surprisingly, the court held that “the aim of … protection is in
particular to guarantee the trade mark as an indication of origin” (at [50]),
hence arriving at the decision it did and adopting a narrower view of what
constituted infringement under the 1994 UK Act. I do note, however, that this
was _not_ , apparently at least, the interpretation adopted by the English
Court of Appeal in _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ [2003] RPC 39. However,
with respect, I prefer the interpretation of Laddie J which the Court of
Appeal disagreed with: see _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ [2003] ETMR 36.
In any event, it might be argued, on one interpretation at least, that the
Court of Appeal did _not_ in fact reject the proposition that there must be
trade mark use out of hand, interpreting the European Court of Justice in the
_Arsenal Football Club_ case as having embraced a broader proposition that
focuses on “whether the third party’s use affects or is likely to affect the
functions of the trade mark” (see at [37] of the Court of Appeal judgment).
However, I wonder whether a court can escape from the concept of trade mark
use as such in this broader context. I should mention that I am also fortified
by the interpretation adopted by the House of Lords in _R v Johnstone_ , to
which I have in fact just referred, as well as by the subsequent European
Court of Justice decision of _Anheuser-Busch v Budejovický Budvar, Národní
Podnik_ [2005] ETMR 27, especially at [64].

58 I should point out at this juncture that the _Arsenal Football Club_ case
is of no mean importance simply because, as alluded to in the preceding
paragraph and as we shall see in a moment, it was endorsed by at least the
majority of the law lords in _R v Johnstone_.

59 I note that there are also decisions in jurisdictions other than England
which also appear to support the proposition to the effect that use as a trade
mark is necessary in the context of alleged trade mark infringement: see, for
example, the Scottish Court of Session (Outer House) decision of _Bravado
Merchandising Services Ltd v Mainstream Publishing (Edinburgh) Ltd_ [1996] FSR
205 (“the _Bravado Merchandising Services_ case”) and the European Court of
Justice decision of _Hölterhoff v Freiesleben_ [2002] FSR 52.

60 I note, further, that a similar view has been expressed in a leading local
textbook by Mr Tan Tee Jim SC: see generally _The Law of Trade Marks and
Passing Off in Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2003) (“ _Tan_ ”) at pp 206–212,
especially at pp 211–212. The learned author is of the view that such an
approach is consistent with the previous law and would avoid any
inconsistencies which he lists at p 212 of his work. Since an initial draft of
this judgment was prepared, a second edition of this book was published. It
would appear that the learned author’s views have not changed: see generally
_The Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd
Ed, 2005) at paras 10.22–10.33, especially at paras 10.32–10.33.

61 The plaintiff concedes, in its reply submissions, that the position in
Singapore is in fact open. And so it must be since the UK position, as we have
just seen, is also open – a point also acknowledged recently by Laddie J in
_Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ [2001] RPC 46, especially at [63] and even
more recently by Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe in _R v Johnstone_ who adopted,
as we shall see, a slightly different approach (as to which see [63] below).

62 I am of the view that there ought to be the requirement that there be use
as a trade mark in the context of alleged trade mark infringement. I draw
support not only from _R v Johnstone_ as well as the views of the learned
author cited at [60] above but also from the fact that such a requirement will
also ensure that the legal protection of the rights of registered trade mark
holders is so well-justified that it cannot be said that such holders are
exploiting what might otherwise be labelled, in effect, as unnecessary or
excessive monopoly rights. After all, trade marks have, in the final analysis,
to do with the _origin_ of the goods concerned (and see also [57] above as
well as the observations of Laddie J in the _Wagamama_ case ([45] _supra_) at
729–730).

63 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to set out, in full, relevant
extracts from the judgment of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in _R v Johnstone_ ,
if nothing else because it contains reasoning which I adopt and which also
supports the approach which I have adopted in the present case. I note that,
whilst not disagreeing with Lord Nicholls, Lord Walker, who delivered the
other substantive judgment, did not appear to go as far (although it might be
usefully noted, nonetheless, that whilst the learned law lord did acknowledge
that “[t]he law is … in something of a state of disarray”, he nevertheless
thought that the exposition of law in the _Arsenal Football Club_ case ([57]
_supra_) was “still highly material” (see at [85])). More importantly, the
remaining three law lords, Lord Hope of Craighead, Lord Hutton and Lord Rodger
of Earlsferry, expressly agreed with the judgments delivered by both Lord
Nicholls and Lord Walker and must therefore be taken as necessarily endorsing
the reasoning of the former law lord as well.

64 In _R v Johnstone_ , Lord Nicholls observed thus ([13]–[17]):

[T]he essence of a trade mark has always been that it is a badge of origin. It
indicates trade source: a connection in the course of trade between the goods
and the proprietor of the mark. That is its function. Hence the exclusive
rights granted to the proprietor of a registered trade mark are limited to use
of a mark likely to be taken as an indication of trade origin. Use of this
character is an essential prerequisite to infringement. Use of a mark in a
manner not indicative of trade origin of goods or services does not encroach
upon the proprietor’s monopoly rights. …

This fundamental principle, limiting the scope of the rights of the proprietor
of a registered trade mark, was well established under the early trade marks
legislation. It was carried forward expressly into s.4(1)(a) of the [UK] Trade
Marks Act 1938 (‘being used as a trade mark’). Section 4(1)(b) muddied the
waters a little. The wording of s.4(1)(b) gave rise to an unresolved
controversy over whether, and to what extent, this paragraph further extended
the rights of a proprietor: see the discussion in _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks_
, 12th ed., (1986), pp.263–265 and the authorities cited there. This
controversy is now of no more than historic interest.

Against this background I turn to the 1994 Act. Section 10(1) to (3) specifies
the acts which constitute infringement, but there is no express statement that
the offending use must be use as a trade mark. I would not regard this as
sufficient reason to suppose that Parliament intended to depart from such a
basic principle. But on this, as so much else in the law of trade marks, it is
necessary to look for guidance beyond the confines of the 1994 Act. One of the
main purposes of this statute was to implement EEC Council Directive 89/104 of
December 21, 1988. This directive, which I shall call ‘the trade mark
directive’, was concerned with harmonising the trade mark laws of member
states. Articles 5 and 6 of the directive made provision regarding the rights
conferred by a trade mark and the limits of those rights. Sections 10 and 11
of the 1994 Act give effect to these two articles. So authoritative guidance
on the interpretation of section 10 now comes from the European Court of
Justice.

For some time questions were raised on whether, given its derivation from
art.5 of the trade mark directive, non-trade mark use could be caught by
ss.10(1) to (3): see _British Sugar Plc v James Robertson & Sons Ltd_ [1996]
R.P.C. 281, 291, _per_ Jacob J., _Philips Electronics NV v Remington Consumer
Products_ [1998] R.P.C. 283, 311–312, _per_ Jacob J., and in the Court of
Appeal, [1999] R.P.C. 809, 823, _per_ Aldous L.J.. These doubts must now be
regarded as laid to rest by the decision of the European Court in the
‘football souvenirs’ case of Case C-206/01 _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_
[2003] R.P.C. 9, para.[1], at 165. The court, at p.171, para.[48], re-affirmed
its characterisation of the purpose of a trade mark in terms which accord with
the approach of English law:

“the essential function of a trade mark is to guarantee the identity of origin
of the marked goods or services to the consumer or end user by enabling him,
without any possibility of confusion, to distinguish the goods or services
from others which have another origin. For the trade mark to be able to fulfil
its essential role in the system of undistorted competition which the Treaty
seeks to establish and maintain, it must offer a guarantee that all the goods
or services bearing it have been manufactured or supplied under the control of
a single undertaking which is responsible for their quality”.

The court [in the _Arsenal Football Club_ case] then considered, at p.172,
paras.[51–54], the scope of the exclusive right conferred on the proprietor of
a trade mark under art.5(1)(a) of the trade mark directive, which corresponds
to s.10(2)(a) of the 1994 Act. The court held that the scope of this right is
co-terminous with the function of registered trade marks:

“the exclusive right under Art.5(1)(a) of the Directive was conferred in order
to enable the trade mark proprietor to protect his specific interests as
proprietor, that is, to ensure that the trade mark can fulfil its functions.
_The exercise of that right must therefore be reserved to cases in which a
third party’s use of the sign affects or is liable to affect the functions of
the trade mark, in particular its essential function of guaranteeing to
consumers the origin of the goods._ The exclusive nature of the right
conferred by a registered trade mark on its proprietor under Art.5(1)(a) of
the Directive can be justified only within the limits of the application of
that article. … The proprietor may not prohibit the use of a sign identical to
the trade mark for goods identical to those for which the mark is registered
if that use cannot affect his own interests as proprietor of the mark, having
regard to its functions. Thus certain uses for purely descriptive purposes are
excluded from the scope of Art.5(1)(a) of the Directive because they do not
affect any of the interests which that provision aims to protect, _and do not
therefore fall within the concept of use within the meaning of that provision_
”. (emphasis added)

Plainly, s.10 of the 1994 Act is capable of being so construed. In accordance
with the _Marleasing_ principle (_Marleasing_ [1990] E.C.R. I-4135), it should
therefore be so construed. _Non-trade mark use is not within s.10(1) to (3)_.

[emphasis added]

65 Section 10 of the 1994 UK Act is, of course, the equivalent of s 27 of the
TMA. It will be seen that the reasoning of Lord Nicholls, set out in some
detail above, is wholly consistent with the reasoning and approach which I
endorse in the present proceedings. I also note the argument by counsel for
the claimant which Laddie J considered in _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_
([61] _supra_ at [59]) to the effect that use as a trade mark was necessary,
although the learned judge felt that a definitive view should be expressed by
the House of Lords or, preferably, the European Court of Justice. As we have
seen, the former has since (albeit _obiter_) expressed its views in _R v
Johnstone_ , whilst the latter has expressed in views in the _Arsenal Football
Club_ case ([57] _supra_).

66 However, in fairness, it is important to consider also the _other_ side of
the coin. The main authority militating against the view I have preferred is
the _British Sugar_ case ([54] _supra_), simply because it contains the most
detailed reasoning on the point, which reasoning was not, with respect, fully
considered in _R v Johnstone_ itself. However, I do not, with equal respect,
find the reasoning in the _British Sugar_ case either persuasive or applicable
in the Singapore context. Let me elaborate.

67 In the _British Sugar_ case itself, Jacob J referred, first, to s 9(1) of
the 1994 UK Act, which reads as follows:

The proprietor of a registered trade mark has exclusive rights in the trade
mark which are infringed by use of the trade mark in the United Kingdom
without his consent.

The acts amounting to infringement, if done without the consent of the
proprietor, are specified in section 10.

68 The learned judge then considered the argument to the effect that the
reference, in s 9(1) above, to the fact that exclusive rights in a trade mark
are infringed by _the use of the trade mark_ without consent suggests that the
general reference to a sign in s 10 of the same Act (which is the equivalent
of s 27 of the TMA) is thereby _qualified_ so as to import the added
requirement (in s 10 of the 1994 UK Act (s 27 of the TMA)) that the alleged
infringing use must also constitute _use as a trade mark_ before there can be
an infringement pursuant to s 10. Jacob J was of the view that _no_ such
qualification or constraint was necessary; he observed (at 291) thus:

I see no need to put any gloss upon the language of section 10. It merely
requires the court to see whether the sign registered as a trade mark is used
in the course of trade and then to consider whether that use falls within one
of the three defining subsections. Section 9(1) is really no more than a
chatty introduction to the details set out in section 10, itself adding no
more than that the acts concerned must be done without consent.

69 Jacob J also noted that there was no equivalent of s 9(1) of the 1994 UK
Act in Art 5 of the Directive, the Directive being the material upon which the
1994 UK Act was in fact based. The words, “by the use of the trade mark”, are
not in the Directive and hence the qualification or constraint argued for at
[68] above would _not_ apply to the Directive. More importantly, such an
argument arguing for such a qualification would therefore be a _departure_
from the Directive. The learned judge thought that such an intention to depart
from the Directive was “wholly improbable” and therefore rejected it (_id_ at
291). The learned judge was also of the view that the reference by the court
in the _Bravado Merchandising Services_ case ([59] _supra_) to what was said
by the responsible Minister in Parliament was inadmissible, for “[w]hat
matters is the language of the Directive” (_id_ at 292).

70 The equivalent of s 9(1) of the 1994 UK Act is to be found in s 26 of the
TMA. The actual language used is slightly different, and is as follows:

**Rights conferred by registered trade mark**

**26.** —(1) The proprietor of a registered trade mark has the exclusive
rights —

(_a_) to use the trade mark; and

(_b_) to authorise other persons to use the trade mark,

in relation to the goods or services for which the trade mark is registered.

(2) The proprietor has the right to obtain relief under this Act for
infringement of his trade mark.

(3) The acts amounting to infringement of a registered trade mark are set out
in section 27, and references in this Act to the infringement of a registered
trade mark shall be construed accordingly.

71 It is suggested, however, that there is, in _substance_ , no difference
between s 9(1) of the 1994 UK Act and s 26 of the TMA. The focus is still on
the infringement of the exclusive rights of the proprietor of a registered
mark _to use (or to authorise others to use) the trade mark concerned_.

72 That being the case, the issue arises as to whether or not the plain
language of s 26 read with s 27 of the TMA should be interpreted in the manner
Jacob J has suggested in the _British Sugar_ case, and which has been set out
briefly above (especially at [68]). I would suggest, with respect, that the
interpretation of the learned judge ought _not_ to be followed. Although the
TMA is based on the UK 1994 Act and the UK 1994 Act is, in turn, based on the
European Directive, the interpretation of our Act is _not_ (unlike the 1994 UK
Act) subject to the Directive. What _does_ matter is that any interpretation
adopted with regard to the issue presently at hand must be consistent with
both logic and fairness. As I have pointed out above, the requirement that
there be use as a trade mark in the context of infringement under the TMA is
both logical and fair (see [62] above). Indeed, in the South African Supreme
Court of Appeal decision of _Triomed (Pty) Ltd v Beecham Group Plc_ [2003] FSR
27, Harms JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed (very
pertinently, in my view) thus (at [7]):

The British Trade Marks Act 1994 (Ch.26) had to confirm to the [European]
Directive and its interpretation by the ECJ binds the English courts. _This
does not mean that we are bound to follow these authorities nor does our
diluted Dutch legacy require of us to submit meekly to a Philips dynasty_
[this was a reference to the series of _Philips_ litigation]. _The Act remains
a South African statute, which must be interpreted and applied in the light of
our law and circumstances. Local policy considerations may differ from those
applicable in Europe._ The application of rules remains, even in Europe, a
matter for local courts and they differ occasionally amongst themselves.
[emphasis added]

73 As (if not more) importantly, the _UK position_ is itself presently in _a
state of flux and uncertainty_. In this regard, I am glad to note that the
reasoning in _R v Johnstone_ (briefly considered above at [63]–[65], and which
I have fully endorsed) buttresses the approach which I have mooted.
Significantly, I also note that Jacob J himself was, in the English High Court
decision of _Philips Electronics NV v Remington Consumer Products_ [1998] RPC
283 at 311–312, at least _open_ to _reconsidering_ the views which he had
expressed in the _British Sugar_ case, but did not think that it was necessary
in that particular case to decide the point.

74 If I am correct in my views, then applying this requirement (that there be
use as a trade mark) to the facts of the present proceedings, it is clear that
there was _no evidence_ adduced by the plaintiff to the effect that the
defendant (here, Best Ceramic) had in fact used the pipe fittings of Nation
Fittings _as a trade mark as such_. If so, that concludes the present case in
favour of the defendant. However, assuming I am wrong on this particular
issue, I now proceed to consider whether the defendant had infringed the
plaintiff’s mark pursuant to s 27 of the TMA.

**_Has there been an infringement under section 27 of the TMA?_**

_Whether the marks in question are identical_

75 Section 27 of the TMA has already been reproduced above (at [17]).

76 One material issue is whether or not the alleged infringing three-
dimensional shape (the ribbed brass compression pipe fitting of Nation
Fittings, reproduced at Appendix E, and sold by Best Ceramic) is _identical_
to TM 114 (reproduced, together with TM 113, at Appendix A), the latter of
which belongs to the plaintiff. If the former is indeed identical to the
latter, then there might be possible infringements by the defendants under
_either s 27(1) or s 27(2)(a)_ of the TMA.

77 Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued that the ribbed brass compression pipe
fitting of Nation Fittings was identical to the ribbed brass compression pipe
fitting of the plaintiff. At this juncture, however, it is significant to note
that Mr Yap was, in point of fact, comparing the three-dimensional pipe
fitting of Nation Fittings with the plaintiff’s own _three-_ dimensional pipe
fitting. However, the latter is _not_ the same as _TM 114_ , which is a _two-_
dimensional representation instead (a point that, incidentally, Mr Ravindran
for the defendants pointed out forcefully in his reply submissions). _And_ a
comparison of the three-dimensional pipe fitting of Nation Fittings with _TM
114_ would reveal clearly that these marks are _not identical._ Once again,
therefore, in order to move forward on this particular point, the plaintiff
had to surmount the initial legal obstacle posed by the transitional
provisions (see generally above at [21]–[47]). As I have already argued, the
plaintiff in fact fails on this particular issue.

78 However, _assuming for the sake of argument_ that the plaintiff can
surmount the initial legal obstacle just mentioned, the issue arises as to
whether or not _both_ _three-_ dimensional pipe fittings (belonging to the
plaintiff and Nation Fittings, respectively[note: 3]) are identical. Mr Yap
helpfully cited the European Court of Justice decision of _SA Société LTJ
Diffusion v Sadas Vertbaudet SA_ [2003] FSR 34, where the court opined thus
(at [50]):

The criterion of identity of the sign and the trade mark _must be interpreted
strictly_. The _very definition_ of identity implies that the two elements
compared _should be the same in all respects_. [emphasis added]

79 Reference may also be made to _Tan_ ([60] _supra_) at p 202 (at para 10.15
in the latest edition).

80 The criterion of strictness is in fact consistent with the normal English
meaning of “identity”. For example, the UK Trade Marks Registry decision in
_IDG Communication Ltd’s Trade Mark Application_ [2002] RPC 10 demonstrates
the need to adhere precisely to the normal English meaning of “identity”.

81 Looked at in this light, I am of the view that the marks concerned in the
present proceedings are _clearly not_ identical. Let me elaborate.

82 In the first place, unlike the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings, the six
ribs around each of the plaintiff’s pipe fittings are round and the overall
effect is similar to a ship’s wheel (and see generally Appendix A). In
addition, the effect of the ribs (especially in their impact on the overall
profile of the pipe fitting itself) was, compared to the pipe fittings of
Nation Fittings, much less pronounced. The six ribs on each of the pipe
fittings of Nation Fittings furnished a more pronounced overall profile of the
pipe fitting as these ribs were rectangular in shape and were longer than
those on the plaintiff’s.

83 Secondly, there were, further, 12 flat surfaces in between the
(rectangular) ribs of the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings referred to in the
preceding paragraph. In contrast, the surface between the six ribs on the
plaintiff’s pipe fittings was totally round and smooth. This was evident both
from visual as well as tactile inspections of the respective pipe fittings.

84 Finally, and as (if not more) importantly, the plaintiff’s pipe fittings
contained the words “CONEX SANBRA”, whereas the pipe fittings of Nation
Fittings contained the word “SUNSHINE” instead.

85 I also note that PW1 had admitted that the respective pipe fittings had
some slight differences. Mr Yap for the plaintiff emphasises that these
differences were really minor ones. However, if, as I have already noted, the
very concept of “ _identical_ ” entails a strict interpretation, then even
minor differences would suffice.

86 In any event, and for the reasons I have set out above (at [82]–[84]), I am
of the view that the differences were more than merely minor ones.

87 However, Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued that the private investigator
hired by the plaintiff, Mr Ng Chui Guan (“PW3”), had made a genuine mistake of
purchasing pipe fittings of Nation Fittings instead of those of the plaintiff
as originally intended. This does not, nevertheless, demonstrate that the
respective pipe fittings were _identical_ , although they might, conceivably,
be _similar_ – a point which I consider below. Further, PW3 himself conceded,
under cross-examination by counsel for the defendants, Mr Ravindran, that he
had in fact made a _careless_ mistake.

88 Mr Ravindran also argued, persuasively in my view, that the plaintiff ought
not to be comparing the pipe fittings of the respective parties but, rather,
the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings with _TM 114_. I have dealt with this
point above (at [77]). It suffices to reiterate that the plaintiff can embark
on such an approach only if it can succeed on the very first (threshold)
argument to the effect that TM 114 and TM 113 are now to be considered as
registered trade marks in three-dimensional form – an argument which I have
already examined in detail and rejected earlier in this judgment (at
[21]–[47]).

_Whether the marks in question are confusingly similar_

89 If, as I have held, the pipe fittings of the respective parties were not
identical, were they, then, “ _similar_ ”? If they were, then this would
satisfy the threshold requirement under s 27(2)(_b_) of the TMA (reproduced
above at [17]). Infringement of the plaintiff’s registered trade mark would
then result, _provided that_ the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings were,
without the consent of the plaintiff, used in the course of trade in relation
to (here) _goods_ identical with or similar to those for which the plaintiff’s
trade marks were registered (which would in fact be the case here) _and_
“there exists a _likelihood of confusion_ on the part of the public”. I leave
aside, for the sake of argument, the threshold difficulty (already considered
above at [77] and [88] which, if accepted, is potentially fatal to the
plaintiff’s case) to the effect that the comparison of the pipe fittings of
the respective parties might not even be appropriate in the first instance.

90 The test laid down in so far as the issue of similarity is concerned is,
not surprisingly, less stringent than that which exists with regard to the
issue of identity. For example, in the European Court of Justice decision of
_Lloyd Schuhfabrik Meyer & Co GmbH v Klijsen Handel BV_ [2000] FSR 77, it was
observed (at [27]) that the court has regard to the “average consumer” who is
“reasonably well-informed and reasonably observant and circumspect”; it was
also observed that “account should be taken of the fact that the average
consumer only rarely has the chance to make a direct comparison between the
different marks but must place his trust in the imperfect picture of them that
he has kept in his mind” and that “the average consumer’s level of attention
is likely to vary according to the category of goods or services in question”
(_ibid_). Reference may also be made, in this regard, to the European Court of
Justice decisions of _Sabel BV v Puma AG, Rudolf Dassler Sport_ [1998] RPC 199
and _Canon Kabushiki Kaisha v Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc_ [1999] RPC 117. It is
important to note, however, that these cases adopted a _global_ approach
towards the issue (the oft-cited “global assessment test”). _However_ , this
particular approach was in fact _rejected_ by Lai Kew Chai J in the very
recent Singapore High Court decision of _The_ _Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In
Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR 816 (“the _Polo/Lauren_ case”).

91 In the _Polo/Lauren_ case, Lai J was of the view (at [15]) that the global
assessment test was not wholly consistent with the elements set out in s
27(2)(_b_) of the TMA (the text of this provision is reproduced at [17]
above). The learned judge was of the view that “[i]t is clear from the plain
words of s 27(2)(_b_) that _the likelihood of confusion_ , if any, _must be
the direct result of the similarity_ between the registered mark and the
disputed sign and between the goods and services used in relation thereto” and
that “[t]he provision does _not_ make it an infringement if the likelihood of
confusion is caused by _some other factor_ ” [emphasis added] (see _ibid_).
Lai J proceeded to observe that “[n]either does [s 27(2)(_b_)] make similarity
merely one among other factors that may be considered” (see _ibid_). Looked at
in this light, “[t]his conceptual clarity is lost if we adopt the global
assessment test which takes as its ultimate test the question of whether there
is a likelihood of confusion” (see _ibid_).

92 Lai J also observed (at [16]) that:

[U]nder the global assessment test approach, because the likelihood of
confusion is the ultimate test for infringement, _other factors_ such as the
distinctiveness and the reputation of the first trade mark would decide the
issue. [emphasis added].

In this regard, the learned judge opined that “if we are not careful to
separate the elements required, a strong mark would get protection for a
greater range of goods than a weak mark even though the goods under
consideration are vastly different and dissimilar” and that “[t]his does not
seem either fair or sensible” (see _ibid_). Hence, “[i]f infringement is to be
made out, it should be on the basis of _the identity or similarity of the sign
to the registered mark and the goods applied thereto_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_ibid_).

93 However, Lai J also observed (at [18]) that “while the global assessment
test should be rejected, I am _equally uncomfortable with a strict adherence
to old English jurisprudence_ ” [emphasis added]. Indeed, the learned judge
had earlier acknowledged (at [16]) that “while the global assessment test
should be rejected, the cases that have followed this approach contain useful
_dicta_ particularly in respect of how the court should approach the question
of whether two marks are similar”.

94 The learned judge adopted, in the final analysis, the following approach
(at [21]):

[T]urning to the plain words of s 27(2)(_b_) of the TMA, I find that a proper
construction of the provision does not reject the court’s discretion in
assessing so-called extraneous factors when deciding whether there is a
likelihood of confusion. The only thing that the statute calls for is that the
likelihood of confusion arises from the similarity. But where the user of a
potentially infringing sign has taken pains to distinguish his products from
the registered proprietor’s good and services, the effect may be that the
likelihood of confusion, if any, is merely hypothetical or speculative. This
is significant because unlike s 27(1) TMA, s 27(2)(_b_) does not presume that
there is a likelihood of confusion. If there is no likelihood of confusion,
there can be no infringement: _Pan-West (Pte) Ltd v Grand Bigwin Pte Ltd_
[2003] 4 SLR 755 at [12]. Section 27(2)(_b_) TMA also does not forbid the
court taking into account various factors in deciding the degree of similarity
required in order to find that there exists a likelihood of confusion.

95 It is suggested that there is in fact no inherent contradiction between the
global assessment test on the one hand and the more specific approach embodied
within the older English jurisprudence on the other hand. In many ways, both
are two sides of the same coin. The global assessment approach appears to be
the “umbrella doctrine” – a shorthand way, if you like, of expressing the
_general_ approach to be adopted. Looked at in this light, it is, in the
nature of things, phrased at a relatively high level of generality. However,
in order to _implement_ , as it were, the global assessment test, there is an
obvious need to have regard not only to the particular facts of the case at
hand but also to more specific factors that are relevant to such a case.
However, I do agree with Lai J that, consistent with the actual language of s
27(2)(_b_), the focus must, in the final analysis, be on factors that centre
on a situation where the likelihood of confusion arises from the similarity in
question. There will be a conflict between the global assessment test and the
English approach only if the former eschews the concept of similarity
altogether – which does not appear to me to be the case. Finally, it is
further suggested that the approach adopted by Lai J in the _Polo/Lauren_ case
(as embodied in the quotation set out in the preceding paragraph) supports the
approach set out in the instant paragraph. However, although I see no
contradiction, in substance, between the global assessment test and the
approach embodied in the old English jurisprudence, a definitive view can, and
ought only, to be expressed by the highest court in this land, the Court of
Appeal. Since this judgment was prepared, I have had sight of a comment on the
_Polo/Lauren_ case by one of the leading commentators on intellectual property
law in Singapore, Assoc Prof Ng-Loy Wee Loon, entitled “The Polo Match in
Singapore: England vs Europe?”, which will be published in a forthcoming issue
of the prestigious _European Intellectual Property Review_. The approach the
learned author adopts buttresses the approach suggested in the present
judgment. In this learned piece, the author clarifies precisely what the
global assessment test entails and confirms that this particular test does not
in fact discard the concept of similarity; instead, she observes that “the
European approach [which endorses the global assessment approach] urges the
tribunal to be less strict in requiring similarity between the goods” compared
to the English approach. She is of the view that:

Naturally, because the question of similarity between goods depends on the
facts of each case, it is highly likely that this doctrinal difference in the
two approaches will not have a material impact in practice. Two tribunals
comparing the same two sets of goods may very well come to the same conclusion
on the question of similarity between the goods, even though one tribunal is
applying the English approach whilst the other tribunal is applying the
European approach and has to be less strict on this issue.

96 Reverting to the facts of the instant case, it seems to me that the pipe
fittings concerned, whilst not identical, were similar (it will be noticed
that I deal only with the individual pipe fittings as it was clear, on the
evidence, that the plaintiff’s boxes as well as packages were _clearly
distinguishable_ from the boxes and packages of Nation Fittings – a point
which PW1 himself conceded to be the case). However, _in addition_ to the
similarity between the pipe fittings, there must exist “a likelihood of
confusion on the part of _the public_ ”, and the question arises in this
regard as to whether or not, in so far as this particular product is concerned
(_viz_ , pipe fittings), the “average consumer” has a _specific point of
reference_ _or_ whether or not the “average consumer” simply means the
_general public_.

97 The case law appears to suggest that the “average consumer” need _not_ ,
_depending on the specific facts_ , _necessarily mean_ the general public.
This appears to make good sense since each product is different. Admittedly,
some situations might, as in the House of Lords decision of _Reckitt & Colman
Products Limited v Borden Inc_ [1990] RPC 341 (involving lemon juice in lemon-
shaped containers), have potentially the entire general public as its target.
On the other hand, other – more specialised – products might only be purchased
(if at all) by a more specific cross-section of the public (which will itself
conceivably vary in size, depending on how specialised the product is,
together with allied factors such as the price charged).

98 In so far as specific (and relevant) case law is concerned, Mr Ravindran
for the defendants helpfully referred to a decision I have cited earlier,
_viz_ , the _Polo/Lauren_ ([90] _supra_) case. In this case, Lai Kew Chai J
referred, _inter alia_ , to the English High Court decision of _In the matter
of an Application by the Pianotist Company Ld for the Registration of a Trade
Mark_ (1906) 23 RPC 774 (“the _Pianotist_ case”). The learned judge also
pointed out (at [37]) that “[t]he _target market_ of the plaintiff is the
upper middle-class and possibly upwards, and the prices of its goods reflect
its sophisticated image” whereas “the defendant _targets_ mostly lower-income
earners” [emphasis added]. And in the _Pianotist_ case itself, Parker J
observed thus (at 777):

You must take the two words. You must judge of them, both by their look and by
their sound. You must consider the goods to which they are to be applied. You
must consider the nature and kind of customer who would be likely to buy those
goods. In fact, you must consider all the surrounding circumstances; and you
must further consider what is likely to happen if each of those trade marks is
used in a normal way as a trade mark for the goods of the respective owners of
the marks. If, considering all those circumstances, you come to the conclusion
that there will be a confusion — that is to say, not necessarily that one man
will be injured and the other will gain illicit benefit, but that there will
be a confusion in the mind of the public which will lead to confusion in the
goods — then you may refuse the registration, or rather you must refuse the
registration in that case. [emphasis added]

99 The principles in the _Pianotist_ case set out above have been cited with
approval time and again in the local context (in addition to the _Polo/Lauren_
case, see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Tiffany &
Co v Fabriques de Tabac Reunies SA_ [1999] 3 SLR 147 at [44] and _McDonald’s
Corp v Future Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 177 at [66] (“the _McDonald’s_
case”), the Singapore High Court decision of _Sime Darby Edible Products Ltd v
Ngo Chew Hong Edible Oil Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 360 at [17], as well as the
decision of the Singapore Registry of Trade Marks and Patents in _Samsonite
Corp v Montres Rolex SA_ [1995] AIPR 244 (“the _Samsonite_ case” at 270).
Indeed, in the _Samsonite_ case itself, it was observed (at 271) by PS Tan
(for the Registrar of Trade Marks) thus:

When I consider the nature and kind of customer who would be likely to buy the
goods to which the opponents’ marks and the applicants’ mark are applied,
bearing in mind the opponents’ point that both their goods and the applicants’
goods are luxury goods, I note that when luxury goods are purchased, it is not
like, as Parker J put it in the Pianotist case, ‘somebody going and asking for
washing soap in a grocer’s shop.’ Rather, luxury goods are bought after
careful inspection and deliberation. Customers of luxury goods belong to a
discerning class of purchasers. This would greatly reduce the risk of
confusion. [emphasis added]

100 Reference may also be made to the following observations by Laddie J in
the _Wagamama_ case ([45] _supra_ at 732), as follows:

A judge brings to the assessment of marks his own, perhaps idiosyncratic,
pronunciation and view or understanding of them. Although the issue of
infringement is one eventually for the judge alone, in assessing the marks he
must bear in mind the impact the marks make or are likely to make on _the
minds of those persons who are likely to be customers for goods or services
under the marks. Not all customers are the same._ It is therefore sometimes of
assistance for the court to hear evidence from witnesses who will help him to
assess the variety of ways in which _members of the target market_ will
pronounce the marks and what, to them, will be the visual or phonetic impact
of the marks. [emphasis added]

101 More recently, the same judge, in _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ ([61]
_supra_ at [25]), referred not only to “the relevant sector of the market” but
also observed that “what counts is whether there is confusion amongst _that
part of public which cares_ ” [emphasis added] (reference may also be made to
the English High Court decision of _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe
Ltd_ [2000] FSR 767 at 782–783).

102 It is interesting to note that even where the “average consumer” is
ostensibly the general public, the courts still take the trouble to ascertain
who the target consumers precisely are: see, for example, the Singapore Court
of Appeal decision of _Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd v Unico Trading Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR 145 at [46], where, with respect to packages of coffee
products, the court considered educated consumers, illiterate consumers as
well as Chinese-educated consumers (though _cf_ the somewhat different view on
this particular issue (of illiteracy) in the (also) Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd v Hoe Huat Hng Foodstuff Pte Ltd_
[1991] SLR 133 (“ _Tong Guan Food Products_ ”) at 143, [30] in the context of
passing off (and see also [168] below as well as the House of Lords decision
of _William Edge & Sons, Limited v William Niccolls & Sons, Limited_ [1911] AC
693, especially at 704–705)).

103 Applying the principles just considered to the present proceedings, the
“average consumer” of pipe fittings such as those produced by the plaintiff
and Nation Fittings would not potentially be just _any_ person but, rather,
_plumbers and contractors_ , bearing in mind the fact that there might,
_occasionally_ , be customers who were neither plumbers nor contractors (in
fact, PW1 had stated, under cross-examination, that 99% of the plaintiff’s
pipe fittings were sold – in packets and boxes – to hardware shops which would
then, presumably, resell them to plumbers and contractors, as I have just
mentioned). If so, this last-mentioned group of customers (who were neither
plumbers nor contractors) would _not_ be considered “ _average_ consumers”.
This would include PW3 and perhaps explain simultaneously why he had in fact
made the mistake he did (as to which see [87] above). Even then, it is not
unreasonable, in this regard, to expect that the _individual_ consumers who
were in the “do-it-yourself” mode, and who would therefore purchase such pipe
fittings, would in fact be relatively familiar with the various brands as well
as specifications and attributes of the pipe fittings generally on offer in
the market. Mr Yap for the plaintiff in fact argued – contrary to the views
which I have just expressed – that the “average consumer” constituted the
general public. He pointed to individual consumers who were in the “do-it-
yourself” mode. However, as I have just pointed out, such consumers would in
fact constitute the _exception_ rather than the rule and would probably not
have been misled in any event. Even if some of the individual consumers in the
“do-it-yourself” mode were misled (which, as I have just mentioned, was
unlikely), these would have been (at most) isolated events which would not
have sufficed (and see, for example, the _McDonald’s_ case at [66]). In any
event, one could not, with respect, make the “logical leap” from the
proposition that _some_ consumers would purchase pipe fittings for their own
use to the conclusion that, therefore, the “ _average_ consumer” of such pipe
fittings would be the _general_ public. Mr Ravindran, on the other hand,
argued that the target consumer in so far as the present proceedings were
concerned were plumbers and contractors. For the reasons I have already given,
I agree with his characterisation of who the “average consumer” ought to be in
the context of the present proceedings.

104 However, if the “average consumer” of pipe fittings comprises plumbers and
contractors, this would impact on the criterion of the “likelihood of
confusion” which is, as we have seen, one integral criterion in order for
trade mark infringement to be established within the scope of s 27(2)(_b_) of
the TMA. In other words, it could be argued that _such_ consumers would not be
likely to be confused by the pipe fittings produced by the plaintiff and by
Nation Fittings respectively – despite their similarity. Or, to use the
terminology of Andrew Ang J in the recent Singapore High Court decision of
_Richemont International SA v Goldlion Enterprise (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2005]
SGHC 208 at [25], it could be argued that there was not “a real prospect” that
such confusion would ensue _vis-à-vis_ such consumers. And, in the
_Polo/Lauren_ case ([90] _supra_ at [22]), Lai J referred to “whether this
likelihood is _a real one or whether it is merely speculative or hypothetical_
” [emphasis added]; indeed, the learned judge proceeded to observe thus
(_ibid_):

Where the infringer has taken sufficient steps to distinguish his goods from
the plaintiff’s such that the likelihood of confusion becomes _a mere
possibility_ , there is _no_ infringement. [emphasis added]

This is a point to which I now turn in the context of the facts of the present
case.

105 Indeed, a factor of _significance_ in this regard is the fact that there
was evidence led by Mr Ravindran for the defendants to the effect that if the
“average consumer” was a plumber or contractor, then he or she would not only
be fully aware of the brands of pipe fittings available for sale but would
also purchase pipe fittings based on the particular specifications and
attributes of the products needed to perform their trade. This particular
point is, of course, less relevant (although not wholly irrelevant) to
consumers who were neither plumbers nor contractors (_ie_ , who were in the
“do-it-yourself” mode). However, even in such a situation, we have already
seen that it would probably be the case that such consumers would not be
wholly ignorant either and, therefore, not likely to be confused (see [103]
above).

106 There is, on the facts of the present case, _yet another significant
factor_. The _price_ of the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings was
_significantly lower_ than those produced by the plaintiff (some _25%_ ,
according to Mr Thomas Chua Bock Kwee (“DW1”) in his affidavit[note: 4] and
which was not contradicted by the plaintiff). One could, in my view, go so far
as to say that this factor is _virtually decisive_ in the context of the
present proceedings – simply because it would serve to dispel any likelihood
of confusion _even if_ the “average consumer” in the present proceedings was
construed as covering potential customers going _beyond_ the category of
plumbers and contractors only.

107 That the price of the product concerned may constitute a relevant or even
significant factor is supported directly by the observation of Lai J in the
_Polo/Lauren_ case (quoted above at [98]). This particular consideration has
also been acknowledged in the Singapore High Court decision of _Mechanical
Handling Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Material Handling Engineering Pte Ltd_
[1993] 2 SLR 205 (“the _Mechanical Handling Engineering_ case”) at 221, [66]
(_cf_ also _Arsenal Football Club Plc v Reed_ ([61] _supra_ at [41] and the
_Arsenal Football Club_ case ([57] _supra_ at 167, [18], the former being a
decision of the English High Court and the latter a decision of the European
Court of Justice). Although it is true that the _Mechanical Handling
Engineering_ case was decided in the context of passing off and involved (not
surprisingly) a somewhat different factual context, the _general principle and
logic_ contained therein would be equally applicable to the present issue of
confusion in a statutory context. It is true that Chao Hick Tin J (as he then
was), in the (also) Singapore High Court decision of _Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd v
CDL Hotels International Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 726 (affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR
550, and which also involved the issue of passing off), did (at [99]) appear
to adopt a slightly different view. However, this difference is more apparent
than real, inasmuch as the learned judge was referring to a situation where
the defendant concerned was utilising _exactly the same product name_ as the
plaintiff’s. It is, of course, obvious that in such a blatant situation, any
price differential might not suffice to aid in dispelling the confusion thus
generated. More importantly, it also appears that the learned judge was
referring to a situation where it was sought to argue an absence of confusion
based on the price differential _alone_. In contrast, the situation in the
present proceedings is, as we have seen, quite different. I pause here to
observe that even in the best case scenario, a price differential would not,
generally speaking, be conclusive, although it might (as here) be extremely
helpful indeed. The task of the court is, in point of fact, to have regard to
_all_ the relevant factors in the light of the surrounding circumstances as a
whole.

108 Finally, although it was clear that the pipe fittings were sold in loose
form, those which were sold in both the plaintiff’s as well as Nation
Fittings’ _packets_ were clearly distinguishable simply because the packets
were themselves quite distinctive. In so far as the pipe fittings sold in
loose form were concerned, there was evidence led by Mr Ravindran for the
defendants to the effect that each brand was sold in different compartments.
Further, it appears that the loose pipe fittings of Nation Fittings were also
in the _same_ compartment as the _packets_ of the same pipe fittings. This
makes good logical sense since, as already noted above (at [106]), there was a
significant price difference between the pipe fittings of the plaintiff and
Nation Fittings, respectively, and that it was thus not surprising that the
respective pipe fittings were sold in different compartments. This situation
is to be contrasted with that which existed in the English High Court decision
of _R J Elliott & Co, Ld v Hodgson_ (1902) 19 RPC 518 (albeit in the context
of passing off), where it was by no means clear that the cigars sold in loose
form were clearly distinguishable as being that of the defendant. It is
significant, though, that the court held that the plaintiff had no remedy in
so far as cigars sold by the defendant in _boxes_ were concerned as these
boxes were clearly labelled and could therefore be _distinguished_ from the
plaintiff’s boxes.

109 Mr Ravindran’s argument on behalf of the defendants to the effect that, in
so far as (only) TM 113 is concerned, there has been no infringement as the
words therein (“CONEX SANBRA”) have not been used at all by the defendants,
ought also to be noted. In this regard, he emphasised the importance of the
_words_ (“CONEX SANBRA”) as distinguishing TM 113 from the pipe fittings of
Nation Fittings. He cited, for example, a decision of the Singapore Registry
of Trade Marks and Patents in _Lee Cooper Group plc v Levi Strauss & Co_
[1995] AIPR 457, where it was observed at 501 thus:

Words ‘talk’ in trade marks. Thus, if a mark consists of a device in
combination with a distinctive word (ie a word of a trade mark nature), it is
most likely that it is by the word that the public will normally order goods
under the mark. Therefore, where two marks resemble each other to the extent
that they each contain a similar device, the overall resemblance between them
will generally be lessened if they bear words of a trade mark nature which are
entirely different from each other.

110 Mr Ravindran also cited, in this regard, _Kraft Food Holdings, Inc v
Société des Produits Nestlé SA_ (O/440/02, 23 October 2002) as well as the
English High Court decision of _Laura Ashley Limited v Coloroll Limited_
[1987] RPC 1.

111 Finally, I note the following comments by Millett LJ (as he then was) in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _The European Limited v The Economist
Newspaper Limited_ [1998] FSR 283 at 288, where the learned judge observed
thus:

Similarity is a matter of degree; and except in the case where there is
absolutely no similarity at all between sign and mark (which is not this case)
the question is whether the similarity is such as to be likely to cause
confusion in the mind of the public. _A degree of similarity is tolerable; the
question is whether there is a confusing similarity_. [emphasis added]

112 It is clear, as I have explained above, that there is indeed _no_ “
_confusing_ similarity” in the context of the facts of the present
proceedings. I should also observe that PW1 had himself admitted in cross-
examination that, apart from PW3, the plaintiff had not in fact adduced any
evidence of confusion.

_Concluding observations_

113 Before I conclude on the issue of infringement, I agree with the views of
Laddie J, a judge of considerable experience in such matters, in the
_Wagamama_ case ([45] _supra_) – and, in particular, with his comments in that
case (at 732) to the effect that “[a] judge brings to the assessment of marks
his own, perhaps idiosyncratic, pronunciation and view or understanding of
them”. I also bear in mind his further remarks in the same case (_ibid_) that
“[w]hether there has been trade mark infringement is more a matter of feel
than science”. However, although all this is very true, it is also the case
that the judge is aided (as I have been) by the objective factors present
within the case itself, including (here) the actual items concerned, their
practical functions, the target or average consumer as well as the general
context concerned. And all these factors must be balanced in as commonsensical
and as fair a manner as possible. In the circumstances, I have found that
there has been no infringement of the plaintiff’s trade marks under any of the
potentially applicable provisions in s 27 of the TMA.

**The issue of use**

114 As already mentioned above, this particular issue turns on the
interpretation and application of s 22 of the TMA (reproduced above at [14]) –
in particular ss 22(1)(_a_) and 22(1)(_b_). In order to succeed, the plaintiff
had to prove that TM 113 and TM 114 had in fact been used within the meaning
of the provisions just mentioned. In particular, counsel for the defendants
argued that it has to be shown that there was the requisite (and genuine) use
_within the relevant period_ , which was the five-year period preceding the
initiation of the revocation action in the present proceedings (_ie_ , the
five-year period ending 9 June 2004, the revocation application being made on
9 September 2004). Conversely, the defendants would succeed if the opposite
were demonstrated to be the case. At this juncture, however, a small caveat is
in order. The overall legal (as opposed to the evidential) burden was itself
an issue, which is one that I deal with below.

115 The resolution of this particular issue for the purposes of the present
proceedings turns, in the main, on the cogency (or otherwise) of _the evidence
adduced_. In this regard, Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued that the burden of
proof is on Best Ceramic: see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of
_Swanfu Trading Pte Ltd v Beyer Electrical Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR
625 (“the _Swanfu Trading_ case”) at 629, [20]. However, Mr Ravindran for the
defendants argued to the contrary, citing s 105 of the TMA, which reads as
follows:

**Burden of proving use of trade mark**

**105.** If in any civil proceedings under this Act a question arises as to
the use to which a registered trade mark has been put, it is for the
proprietor to show what use has been made of it.

116**** Section 105 (reproduced above) is therefore clear in so far as the
burden of proving use of the trade marks concerned in the present case is
concerned.

117 Turning to the relevant provisions, it should be noted at this juncture
that Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued against the application of s 22(1)_(a)_
(reproduced at [14] above) in the context of the present proceedings. He
argued that there had been genuine use of both TM 113 and TM 114 within the
meaning of that provision and that whilst substantiality of use was a factor,
this was not a mandatory requirement as such (citing, _inter alia_ , _Kerly’s_
([47] _supra_) at  
para 9-60 as well as the _Swanfu Trading_ case ([115] _supra_) at 630, [25]
and 632, [32]). Similar arguments are made in so far as s 22(1)_(b)_ is
concerned (reproduced at [14] above).

118 More specifically, Mr Yap pointed to what he argued were a number of uses
in so far as both TM 113 and TM 114 are concerned. These are in relation to
various types of cardboard boxes utilised by the plaintiff to pack its
products as well as various versions of plastic packaging utilised for its
products.

119 Mr Yap argued, further, that there had been genuine use of the buffer
stock of pipe fittings and that this was, in and of itself, sufficient to
demonstrate that there had been use of both TM 113 and TM 114 during the
relevant period.

120 Finally, Mr Yap also pointed to the use of promotional material, which
included items such as signboards outside shop fronts, sample boards, mugs,
coasters, T-shirts as well as clear files. These relate, in the main, to
claims with regard to the use of TM 113 during the relevant period.

121 In reply, however, Mr Ravindran for the defendants argued that TM 114
appeared on the items listed in the preceding paragraphs together with other
elements and could not therefore constitute use within the meaning of ss
22(1)(_a_) and 22(1)(_b_) (it should be recalled that TM 114 is a plain mark
without any wording (see Appendix A)). In response, Mr Yap argued that such an
argument constituted a “red herring”, taking the view that the fact that the
relevant trade mark appeared was sufficient in and of itself, regardless of
the fact that it was surrounded by or incorporated within other elements as
well.

122 One key question raised in the present proceedings therefore seems to me
to be this: To what extent can a registered trade mark be said to be used if
it is incorporated into another mark or is surrounded by other elements and
used in conjunction with them? There is here no doubt that TM 114 was in fact
present in the various items mentioned above in a _literal or factual_ sense.
The crucial issue is whether or not the presence of other elements
disqualifies the registered trade mark concerned from being considered as
having been used in a _legal_ sense.

123 Like most other areas and facets of the law, the issue seems to me to turn
on the concept of line-drawing. There must, in other words, be a certain point
in time when the registered trade mark in question, whilst being used
literally, is subsumed within other elements to the extent that it is no
longer reasonably recognisable as such. It seems to me that when that
particular situation arises, the registered trade mark concerned can no
longer, in law, be said to have been used within the meaning of ss 22(1)(_a_)
and 22(1)(_b_) of the TMA.

124 The approach outlined in the preceding paragraph is in fact consistent
with the thrust of s 22(2) (reproduced above at [14]). In particular, the use
of a trade mark can in fact include “use in a form differing in elements”.
_However_ , such elements must be such as they “do _not alter the distinctive
character_ of the mark in the form in which it was registered” [emphasis
added]. Hence, the crucial question for the purposes of the present
proceedings is whether or not the use of TM 114 together with and/or in
conjunction with other elements is such that such other elements “do not alter
the distinctive character of the mark in the form in which it was registered”.
In many ways, this must be a question of fact and degree. Looked at in this
light, and examining the various uses to which TM 114 has been put, it is my
view that the focus was really not on these registered trade marks as such
but, rather, on the brand (and in many cases the actual word) “Conex”. On
occasion, TM 114 was used as part of the letter “o” in “Conex” (for example,
on at least one of the plaintiff’s boxes[note: 5] and two of its
packages[note: 6]). It is clear that the focus here is really on the _word or
brand_ (_ie_ , “Conex”). On other occasions, TM 114 formed the frame, so to
speak, within which the “Conex” brand was advertised in various forms in words
(where the focus was nevertheless still on the word (or brand, rather)
“Conex”). In this last-mentioned respect, it might be argued that the mark was
more prominent. However, _even here_ , it is my view that the _focus_ was, as
I have just indicated, on the _words_ (in particular, on the “Conex” brand).
To take one example, one of the plaintiff’s packages has this design, where
the shape actually frames what is really the crux of the design itself, _viz_
, the words “GET IT TOGETHER WITH CONEX”.[note: 7] In other words, in all
these instances, the “distinctive character of the mark” has, on the facts of
the present proceedings, been altered significantly. As I have also mentioned,
the _key or primary focus_ appears to be on the “Conex” brand (and other
related words) rather than the mark itself.

125 Mr Ravindran for the defendants also relied on the UK Registry decision of
_In the Matter of Application No 9913 by_ _Viacom International Inc for
Revocation of Registration No 1021689 in the Name of Nottingham Group Limited_
(O/474/01, 17 October 2001). The registered trade mark in question was
“ARNOLD”. Following corporate restructuring the mark was then used as “NES
Arnold”. It was held, _inter alia_ (at [18] of the report), that:

The presentation of NES as the first element in the mark and in upper case
letters gives it a degree of prominence and importance within the totality of
the mark which cannot fail to make an impression on the viewer.

Hence, the mark was revoked for non-use. Although the facts of each case
obviously differ, this particular case merely underscores the general
principle to the effect that there comes a point when the mark concerned has
been subsumed within the other elements to such an extent that it can no
longer be considered to have been used in the context of s 22(1) of the TMA.
As I have already pointed out in the preceding paragraph, this was indeed the
situation in the present case.

126 If, however, I am wrong with regard to my analysis of this issue (from
“subsumption”), I would be prepared to hold that there _was_ genuine use of TM
114 and that this would be the case even in so far as the _promotional_
products were concerned. In this last-mentioned regard, it is clear that the
promotional products were linked, in the final analysis, to the sale of the
plaintiff’s pipe fittings (see also _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe
Ltd_ ([100] _supra_ at 807); the Singapore High Court decision of _Nike
International Ltd v Campomar Sociedad Limitada_ [2005] 4 SLR 76 at [58]; and
_Kerly’s_ ([47] _supra_) at paras 9-56 to 9-57). However, even here, the
promotional products appear to relate to the possible use of _TM 113 –_ to
which my attention will turn in a moment _._ In addition, for promotional
products such as the plaintiff’s T-shirt,[note: 8] there was in fact no real
representation as such of TM 114 (and, _a fortiori_ , TM 113) at all (although
I note that an invoice was tendered that suggested that such T-shirts were
still being received by the plaintiff as late as May 2004[note: 9]).

127 In the circumstances, I find that the defendants succeed on this
particular issue (relating to use) in so far as _TM 114_ is concerned.

128 Turning to _TM 113_ , Mr Ravindran for the defendants argued that there
has been no use of that registered trade mark within the relevant period. At
this juncture, it will be recalled that TM 113 contains the words “CONEX
SANBRA” (see Appendix A). In so far as this particular registered trade mark
is concerned, Mr Ravindran argued that none of the items concerned in which TM
113 was allegedly used was used during the relevant period. I would observe
that even if such items were possibly used within the relevant period (and
assuming that they fell within the purview of both TM 113 as well as TM 114),
the same argument canvassed above (especially at [124] and [126]) to the
effect that the “distinctive character of the mark” had been altered
significantly would apply. There is, for instance, the plaintiff’s
coaster.[note: 10] The overall shape (exhibiting that of TM 113) constitutes
the overall frame, so to speak. However, it is pale yellow in colour. In
contrast, the middle of the coaster is dominated by a circular Union Jack logo
and surrounding it on the border are the words “TREXCO” and the telephone
number (presumably of Trexco). The plaintiff’s mug[note: 11] has the same
design on one side and another design which has nothing to do with TM 113 on
the other. There is also the plaintiff’s file folder.[note: 12] Here, the same
words and telephone number are once again in the border, except that the
centre contains not a Union Jack logo as such but, rather, the word “Genuine”
at the top, followed by the word “CONEX” in block capital letters, followed
thereafter by the phrase “Compression Fittings” in (smaller) block capital
letters. Being embossed on a plastic folder, this particular design is in
orange. However, the focus still seemed to me to be upon the brand “Conex”,
rather than on the shape (in the form of TM 114) as such. There are also two
signs of the plaintiffs[note: 13] which were put up at the shopfront of at
least one of the hardware stores which deals in the plaintiff’s products.
Looking at the photograph of this particular store,[note: 14] what struck me
immediately was the fact that the word “Conex” dominated the general
appearance of these signs. On one,[note: 15] in fact, the various pipe
fittings exhibited were also mounted onto the sign itself. On the other,[note:
16] in addition to photographs of various pipe fittings of the plaintiff,
there were also the words “The other element in water supply”. However, there
were certain boxes of the plaintiff, which appeared not only to contain the TM
113 mark in its pristine form (albeit in very small format, but with the words
“Regd. Trade Mark” directly below the mark itself) but also buffer stock of
the plaintiff’s pipe fittings.[note: 17] However, it should also be noted that
one of these boxes had since, as Mr Ravindran pertinently pointed out, been
wholly discontinued and had in fact been replaced by new boxes.[note: 18] Be
that as it may, Mr Ravindran then proceeded to argue that the main plank in
favour of the plaintiff in so far as this particular issue of use was
concerned hinged, in the final analysis, on the alleged use of this buffer
stock. In this regard, it is true, as Mr Ravindran argued, that the issue of
buffer stock itself was not raised in PW1’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief but
only arose during the course of the trial itself. But even if these
difficulties are laid aside (and they are, I might add, not insignificant
difficulties), it is clear that such stock is really extremely minimal and
(more importantly) the evidence as to the use (and amounts) to which it was
put was quite sketchy, to say the least. As PW1 himself pointed out, the
buffer stock was very old stock and is clearly not an integral part of the
plaintiff’s current business. In this sense, this situation can be
distinguished from that in the _Swanfu Trading_ case ([115] _supra_), where it
was _admitted_ that the sales were genuine, albeit with regard to leftover
stock. Also, whilst minimal use might still pass muster (see, for example, _Re
Trade Mark Cameo_ (1974) 1 NZIPR 1), such use must be sufficient to indicate
that the registered proprietor had a _bona fide_ intention to use the mark.
This was clearly not the case here, having regard (as already mentioned) to
the paucity as well as sketchiness of the evidence adduced. Indeed, in the
English High Court decision of _“NODOZ” Trade Mark_ [1962] RPC 1, Wilberforce
J (as he then was) observed (at 7) that “the fewer the acts relied on the more
solidly ought they to be established” (which observation has been expressly
stated to be equally applicable to the 1994 UK Act (and, therefore, our own
TMA as well): see _Kerly’s_ at para 9-60, n 31). In the circumstances I find
that the defendants succeed on the issue relating to use in so far as TM 113
is concerned as well.

129 Were there, however, “proper reasons” within the meaning of s 22(1) for
the non-use of the respective trade marks by the plaintiff? The applicable
principles of law here seem to me to be clear. The onus to show that it had
proper reasons for not using the trade marks concerned during the relevant
period is on the proprietor of the mark. If obstacles to use existed, these
must have arisen independently of the will of the said proprietor and ordinary
commercial delays in producing a new product bearing the trade mark in
question would not constitute a valid excuse: see the English Court of Appeal
decision of _“PHILOSOPHY DI ALBERTA FERRETTI” Trade Mark_ [2003] RPC 15,
especially at [25] as well as the decision of the UK Trade Marks Registry in
_INVERMONT Trade Mark_ [1997] RPC 125. Indeed, in this last-mentioned
decision, _INVERMONT Trade Mark_ , Mr M J Tuck pertinently observed thus (at
130):

As can be seen in any English dictionary, ‘proper’ is a word with many
meanings. But bearing in mind the need to judge these things in _a business
sense_ , and also bearing in mind the emphasis which is, and has always been
placed on the requirement to use a trade mark or lose it, I think the word
proper, in the context of section 46 [s 22 of the TMA] means:- _apt,
acceptable, reasonable, justifiable in all the circumstances_.

… I do not think the term ‘proper’ was intended to cover normal situations or
routine difficulties. _I think it much more likely that it is intended to
cover abnormal situations in the industry or the market, or even perhaps some
temporary but serious disruption affecting the registered proprietor’s
business. Normal delays occasioned by some unavoidable regulatory requirement,
such as the approval of a medicine, might be acceptable but not, I think, the
normal delays found in the marketing function. These are matters within the
businessman’s own control and I think he should plan accordingly._

[emphasis added]

130 In so far as the present proceedings were concerned, having regard to the
analysis already rendered above, none of the principles set out in the
preceding paragraph applied. Indeed, there were no proper reasons which I
could see that could aid the plaintiff in so far as the issue of use (or,
rather, non-use) was concerned.

131 In the circumstances, therefore, I find that grounds therefore exist for
the revocation of both TM 113 and TM 114. I will deal with the appropriate
order to be made below (at [180]–[181]).

**The issue of invalidation**

132**** The key provision in issue here is s 23(1) of the TMA (reproduced
above at [15]). In particular, Mr Ravindran for the defendants argued that TM
113 and TM 114 ought to be invalidated under the provision just mentioned on
the ground that they were registered in breach of s 7 of the TMA (also
reproduced above at [16]).

133 Mr Ravindran proffered a number of related arguments in respect of this
issue pertaining to invalidation. First, he argued that neither TM 113 nor TM
114 satisfied the definition of a trade mark under s 2(1) of the TMA and that
the situation thus fell within the ambit of s 7(1)(_a_) of the TMA. A trade
mark is defined, under s 2(1), as “any visually perceptible sign capable of
being represented graphically and _which is capable of distinguishing goods or
services dealt with or provided in the course of trade by a person from goods
or services dealt with or provided by another person_ ” [emphasis added]. Mr
Ravindran argued that product recognition _per se_ was insufficient. He cited
the following observations by Jacob J in the English High Court decision of
_Société de Produits Nestlé SA v Unilever plc_ [2002] EWHC 2709 (Ch) at [33],
as follows:

[I]t is not enough to prove the public recognises them [the trade marks
concerned] as the product of a particular manufacturer. It must be proved that
consumers regard the shape alone as a badge of trade origin in the sense that
they would rely upon that shape alone as an indication of trade origin,
particularly to buy the goods. If that cannot be proved, then the shape is not
properly a trade mark, it does not have a “distinctive character” for the
purposes of trade mark law.

134 Mr Ravindran also cited, in a similar vein, the following observations by
Laddie J in the (also) English High Court decision of _Yakult Honsha KK’s
Trade Mark Application_ ([30] _supra_ at [10]), as follows:

[T]he fact that a container is unusual or attractive does not, per se, mean
that it will be taken by the public as an indication of origin. The relevant
question is not … to say, whether it is of memorable appearance, but whether
_by itself_ its appearance would convey trade mark significance to the average
customer. …

… Even were [the Yakult bottle] to be recognised as of different shape to
other bottles on the market, there is nothing inherent in it which proclaims
it as having trade mark significance.

[emphasis in original]

135 Applying the above principles to the facts of the present case, Mr
Ravindran argued that it was common evidence that consumers identified the
plaintiff’s product by the name “Conex”, and not by the shapes in TM 113 and
(especially) TM 114. He also pointed out that TM 114 was never used on its own
(see also generally at [121]–[125] above). Finally, he argued that TM 114 had
not been registered in the UK, which is the home country of the plaintiff and
that there had also been no evidence that the plaintiff had made any attempt
to file this particular mark prior to the filing of the claim in the present
proceedings. Mr Ravindran concluded that this suggested that the plaintiff
never had any intention to use TM 114 as a trade mark by itself.

136 I am of the view that Mr Ravindran’s arguments set out briefly above are
persuasive. Unlike the issue of use, s 7(1)(_a_) appears to be referring to
(here) TM 113 and TM 114, _as examined alone_ (see also _Tan_ ([60] _supra_ at
paras 2.48 and 5.9 of the second edition). So examined, both marks do not seem
to be to be able to pass even the relatively low threshold criterion set out
in the definition of a “trade mark” in s 2 of the TMA. This is due, in no
small part, to the fact that both TM 113 and TM 114 do not even depict a
three-dimensional shape mark. And, even if they did, no evidence has been
adduced by the plaintiff demonstrating that both these marks were in fact
perceived by the “average consumer” (here plumbers and contractors) as a badge
of trade origin. Such evidence, always necessary, is especially needful in the
light of the fact that an unusual shape alone is insufficient. Hence, the
defendants succeed on this particular issue.

137 Secondly, Mr Ravindran argued, on behalf of the defendants, that TM 113
and TM 114 were, in any event, “devoid of any distinctive character” and thus
fell within the ambit of s 7(1)(_b_) of the TMA. He relied, in particular, on
a statutory declaration filed by PW1 in 1983, wherein PW1, instead of
referring to TM 113 and TM 114, had referred to other items instead,
comprising items which bore the marks that were incorporated within other
elements. Without even going so far, it is clear that if, as I have found,
both these marks do not even satisfy the definition of a “trade mark” under
the TMA in the first instance, it would follow that they would fall foul of s
7(1)(_b_) as well. And, following from my analysis with regard to the issue of
use in an earlier part of this judgment (see especially above at [121]–[125]),
it would follow that the plaintiff could not avail itself of the argument
(pursuant to s 7(2) of the TMA) that the relevant marks had “in fact acquired
a distinctive character as a result of the use made of it”. The defendants
therefore succeed on this particular issue as well.

138 Thirdly, Mr Ravindran argued that both TM 113 and TM 114 were applied for
(in 1981) in bad faith and were therefore in breach of s 7(6) of the TMA
(reproduced above at [16]). It is imperative to point out at the outset that
an allegation of bad faith is a serious one and a party who alleges bad faith
has a correspondingly high standard of proof to satisfy. As Chao Hick Tin JA,
delivering the judgment of the court in the _McDonald’s_ case ([99] _supra_ at
[78]) very aptly put it:

An allegation of bad faith is _a serious matter and should not be lightly
inferred_. In _“Royal Enfield” Trade Marks_ [2002] RPC 24 it was held (at
[31]) that:

An allegation that a trade mark has been applied for in bad faith is a serious
allegation. … A plea of fraud should not lightly be made … and if made should
be distinctly alleged and distinctly proved. It is not permissible to leave
fraud to be inferred from the facts (see _Davy v Garrett_ (1877-78) L.R. 7
Ch.D. 473 at 489). In my judgment precisely the same considerations apply to
an allegation of … bad faith made under section 3(6). _It should not be made
unless it can be fully and properly pleaded and should not be upheld unless it
is distinctly proved and this will rarely be possible by a process of
inference_. [emphasis added]

139 The following observations of Lindsay J in the English High Court decision
of _Gromax Plasticulture Ltd v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd_ [1999] RPC 367 at 379
(and applied in _Société de Produits Nestlé SA v Unilever plc_ ([133] _supra_
at [7]) as well as in _Ferrero Spa’s Trade Marks_ [2004] RPC 29 at [23]) are
also apposite:

I shall not attempt to define bad faith in this context. Plainly it includes
dishonesty and, as I would hold, includes also some dealings which fall short
of the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and
experienced men in the particular area being examined. Parliament has wisely
not attempted to explain in detail what is or is not bad faith in this
context; how far a dealing must so fall-short in order to amount to bad faith
is a matter best left to be adjudged not by some paraphrase by the courts
(which leads to the danger of the courts then construing not the Act but the
paraphrase) but by reference to the words of the Act and upon a regard to all
material surrounding circumstances. [emphasis added]

140 Hence, the defendants’ task in the present proceedings in proving to this
court’s satisfaction that there had in fact been bad faith is not a light one
at all. It appears that bad faith would be present in the present proceedings
if the plaintiff had filed its applications for TM 113 and TM 114 without any
intention to use the same as trade marks in the form in which they were
registered (see, for example, the English High Court decision of _Betty’s
Kitchen Coronation Street Mark_ [2000] RPC 825). I have already held that
there was not in fact use – in the legal sense – of TM 113 and TM 114 (see
generally [114]–[131] above). However, this _objective_ determination must
_not_ , in my view, be taken to be a _conclusive_ decision _vis-à-vis_ _the
plaintiff’s intention at the time the applications for TM 113 and TM 114 were
filed_. In other words, it might well have been the plaintiff’s intention to
use these trade marks once they had been registered, _although_ , as it turns
out, they have been found not to have been used in _law_. Indeed, in so far as
TM 114 was concerned, the plaintiff failed not so much because there was no
literal use of the mark as such but, rather, because the mark itself was
subsumed within the other elements with which it was used (see generally
[121]–[125] above). At the very least, therefore, it has _not_ been
demonstrated to my satisfaction that there was in fact bad faith on the part
of the plaintiff when it filed its applications for TM 113 and TM 114 in 1981.
I hold, therefore, the plaintiff succeeds and the defendants fail on this
particular issue.

141 In the circumstances, I find that the defendants succeed on the first two
issues in relation to the argument from invalidation (albeit not on the issue
of bad faith) and that they are, consequently, entitled to avail themselves of
the provisions of s 23 of the TMA in the context of the present proceedings.

142 Before proceeding to consider the common law action in passing off, I note
that Mr Yap for the plaintiff has argued that the defendants are precluded
from raising any argument with respect to invalidation based on s 7(3) of the
TMA (reproduced above at [16]) because such an argument was never pleaded. Any
argument on behalf of the defendants in this particular respect would probably
be premised upon the issue of _functionality_. However, Mr Ravindran for the
defendants conceded this point from pleading and stated that no reliance would
be placed by the defendants on s 7(3). I therefore say no more about this
particular issue.

**Passing off**

**_Introduction_**

143**** I turn, now, to the _common law_ issue relating to the tort of passing
off. Put simply, did (as the plaintiff claims) Best Ceramic pass off the pipe
fittings of Nation Fittings as the plaintiff’s pipe fittings?

144 Before proceeding to answer the question posed in the preceding paragraph,
it would be apposite to set out the relevant principles relating to the tort
of passing off first.

145 Since the plaintiff alleges passing off on the part of the defendant, the
legal burden of proof lies squarely on it.

**_The elements of the tort of passing off_**

_Introduction_

146 In order to succeed in its action for passing off, the plaintiff has to
prove the following (_cumulative_) elements:

(a) that there must have been goodwill or business belonging to the plaintiff;

(b) that there had been a misrepresentation by the defendants in the course of
trade to either prospective or ultimate customers; and

(c) that damage has resulted (or that the likelihood of damage will arise as a
result).

147 The above three elements have been referred to by Lai Kew Chai J in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Pan-West (Pte) Ltd v Grand Bigwin Pte Ltd_
[2003] 4 SLR 755 at [48] as “[t]he oft-cited trinity of requirements for a
passing off action”.

148 Lord Diplock did identify the following (oft-cited) “five characteristics”
in the House of Lords decision of _Erven Warnink Besloten Vennootschap v J
Townend & Sons (Hull) Ltd_ [1979] AC 731 (“the _Warnink_ case”) at 742, as
follows: “(1) a misrepresentation (2) made by a trader in the course of trade,
(3) to prospective customers of his or ultimate consumers of goods or services
supplied by him, (4) which is calculated to injure the business or goodwill of
another trader (in the sense that this is a reasonably foreseeable
consequence) and (5) which causes actual damage to a business or goodwill of
the trader by whom the action is brought or (in a quia timet action) will
probably do so” (see also a not dissimilar formulation by Lord Fraser of
Tullybelton at 755–756). However, when viewed in their entirety, the three
main elements set out in the preceding paragraph may in fact be distilled from
this particular formulation.

_Goodwill_

149 Mr Yap for the plaintiff argued that there must have been goodwill
belonging to the plaintiff for the following reasons.

150 First, he argued that all the other approved brass compression pipe
fittings had a _hexagonal_ shape profile, whereas the plaintiff’s pipe
fittings had a _ribbed_ shape profile.

151 Second, he relied upon sales figures for the years 1975 to 1979 as set out
in the statutory declaration by PW1 (at [137] above). In this regard, Exhibit
A to the said declaration showed copies of invoices evidencing sales of the
plaintiff’s ribbed brass compression pipe fittings for the years prior to 1980
(sales having begun in Singapore since 1975). Unfortunately, however, there
were no other similar exhibits available. Mr Yap nevertheless pointed to para
25 of PW1’s affidavit, listing the sales figures from 1998 to 2004 in pound
sterling for the plaintiff’s pipe fittings.

152 Third, Mr Yap argued that PW1’s company, Trexco, had, throughout the
years, been the exclusive distributor of the plaintiff’s pipe fittings in
Singapore and had continuously incurred expenses on behalf of the trade mark
proprietors (first Conex-Sanbra Limited, then the plaintiff) in advertising as
well as promoting the said pipe fittings.

153 In response to the plaintiff’s arguments as set out briefly above, Mr
Ravindran for the defendants made the following arguments.

154 Firstly, and most importantly in my view, he pointed to the fact that the
plaintiff had adduced insufficient evidence of goodwill. It is true that there
was no documentary evidence supporting the sales figures in para 25 of PW1’s
affidavit. It is also true that the only witness called by the plaintiff was
in fact PW1. This seemed to me, in fact, to be a general thread – and weakness
– in the plaintiff’s overall case (see also my observations to like effect at
[174] below). There was also, if I may say so, a woeful dearth of documentary
or other evidence brought in aid of the plaintiff’s case in this particular
regard.

155 Secondly, Mr Ravindran argued that if there was any goodwill in Singapore
at all, it would be likely to be in relation to the “Conex” brand rather than
the shape of the plaintiff’s product as such. There was, additionally, an
issue raised as to whether or not the plaintiff owned the goodwill in
Singapore. However, I do not pursue this last-mentioned issue further as I was
satisfied, on the documentary evidence, that the plaintiff’s case could not be
impugned on this particular point.

156 As a matter of general principle, it is true that the defendant cannot
avoid a finding of passing off by the mere fact of showing that its goods are
of as good or better quality than the claimant’s. Laddie J, in the English
High Court decision of _Irvine v Talksport Ltd_ [2002] 2 All ER 414, after
setting out the proposition just mentioned, proceeded to observe thus (at
[34]):

In such a case, although the defendant may not damage the goodwill as such,
what he does is damage the value of the goodwill to the claimant because,
instead of benefiting from exclusive rights to his property, the latter finds
that someone else is squatting on it.

157 However, this should not deflect the court from the focus at hand – which
is whether or not the plaintiff can successfully demonstrate that there is
goodwill in its products in the first instance.

158 Reviewing the evidence as a whole, I begin with the proposition that mere
sales _without more_ are not necessarily coincident with goodwill. That is
both logically as well as conceptually coherent. The plaintiff is on more
solid ground when it points to the distinctiveness of its own _ribbed_ pipe
fittings. To this extent, this part of the case (dealing with the common law
tort of passing off) is related – particularly in the factual context – to
factors that I have already considered in relation to issues arising in the
statutory context under the TMA. I have in mind, in particular, the fact that
any distinctiveness in so far as the plaintiff’s product is concerned came not
so much from TM 113 and TM 114 _per se_ but, rather, from the “Conex” brand,
of which (at least in relation to TM 113) the plaintiff’s registered trade
mark was a part. However, we must not lose sight of the fact that what are in
issue here are TM 113 and TM 114.

159 More to the point, I refer to the argument made earlier (and which I have
accepted) that if the “average consumer” was a plumber or contractor, then he
or she would not only be fully aware of the brands of pipe fittings available
for sale but would also purchase pipe fittings based on the particular
specifications and attributes of the products needed to perform his or her
trade (see [103]–[105] above). This suggests that the focus is not on the
ribbed shape of (here, the plaintiff’s) pipe fittings as such which is
considered merely functional for the trade and, to that extent, is considered
to be generic. Such a factor would, at least arguably, be applicable to
consumers other than plumbers and contractors as well.

160 I find, on the evidence available before me, that the plaintiff has _not_
proved sufficiently the element of goodwill necessary to sustain an action in
passing off. Nevertheless, in the event that I am wrong in so far as this
particular point is concerned, I proceed to consider the other elements
necessary before an action in passing off can be successfully established.

_Misrepresentation_

161 The issue here, simply put, is whether or not Best Ceramic had made a
false representation that led or was likely to lead potential and actual
customers to believe that the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings were those of
the plaintiff. In this regard, “[w]hether the public is aware of the
plaintiff’s identity as the manufacturer or supplier of the goods … is
immaterial, as long as they are identified with a particular source which is
in fact the plaintiff” (_per_ Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in the House of Lords
decision of _Reckitt & Colman Products Limited v Borden Inc_ ([97] _supra_ at
406)). The key element here is that of _deception_ : see, for example, _per_
Jacob J in the English High Court decision of _Hodgkinson & Corby Ltd v Wards
Mobility Services Ltd_ [1994] 1 WLR 1564 at 1570 and _per_ Robert Walker J (as
he then was) in the (also) English High Court decision of _Barnsley Brewery
Company Limited v RBNB_ [1997] FSR 462 (“the _Barnsley Brewery Company_ case”)
at 467.

162 The following observations by Lord Parker of Waddington in the (also)
House of Lords decision of _A G Spalding & Bros v A W Gamage Ld_ (1915) 32 RPC
273 at 284 are also instructive:

[T]he basis of a passing-off action being a false representation by the
defendant, it must be proved in each case as a fact that the false
representation was made. It may, of course, have been made in express words,
but cases of express misrepresentation of this sort are rare. The more common
case is, where the representation is implied in the use or imitation of a
mark, trade name, or get-up with which the goods of another are associated in
the minds of the public, or of a particular class of the public. In such cases
the point to be decided is whether, having regard to all the circumstances of
the case, the use by the defendant in connection with the goods of the mark,
name, or get-up in question impliedly represents such goods to be the goods of
the plaintiff, or the goods of the plaintiff of a particular class or quality,
or, as it is sometimes put, whether the defendant’s use of such mark, name, or
get-up is calculated to deceive.

163 And as Graham J aptly put it in the English High Court decision of
_Benchairs Limited v Chair Centre Limited_ [1974] RPC 429 at 435 (reversed by
the Court of Appeal, but not on this point), “[i]f there is no such false
representation there can be no passing off, and the mere copying of the shape
of the plaintiffs’ article is not in itself such a representation”; the
learned judge proceeded to observe thus (_ibid_):

Anyone is entitled, subject to some monopoly or statutory right preventing
him, to copy and sell any article on the market, and false representation and
passing off only arise when a defendant does something further which suggests
that the article which he is selling is that of the plaintiff.

164 And the point emphasised in the above quotation was embodied in the local
context in the judgment of K S Rajah JC in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Pernod Ricard SA v Allswell Trading Pte Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 603 (“the
_Pernod Ricard SA_ case”) at 612, [46]. And, as Jacob J put it in _Hodgkinson
& Corby Ltd v Wards Mobility Services Ltd_ ([161] _supra_ at 1574), “[i]t is,
I think, precisely because the difficulties of proof are so great that
successful cases of passing off based on the shape of the goods are so rare”.

165 It is also clear that, whilst a relevant factor that can be taken into
account if present, the state of mind of the representor is immaterial (see
generally Christopher Wadlow, _The Law of Passing-Off_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd
Ed, 2004) (“ _Wadlow_ ”) at para 5-44, citing the House of Lords decisions of
_Office Cleaning Services, Ld v Westminster Window and General Cleaners, Ld_
(1946) 63 RPC 39 and _Parker-Knoll Limited v Knoll International Limited_
[1962] RPC 265 (“the _Parker-Knoll Limited_ case”); see also _per_ Laddie J in
the _Wagamama_ case ([45] _supra_ at 733). It would appear that the impact on
the persons to whom the misrepresentation is addressed is what matters (see,
for example, _per_ Lord Devlin in the _Parker-Knoll Limited_ case, at 289).

166 I also note that whilst “[i]t is not necessary that there should be any
confusion occasioned by the misrepresentation”, the proof of confusion is
nevertheless “of great evidential value in determining whether or not there
has been any misrepresentation”: see _per_ L P Thean JA, delivering the
judgment of the court in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _CDL Hotels
International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ ([107] _supra_) at [71] (_cf_ also
the _Barnsley Brewery Company_ case ([161] _supra_ at 467)).

167 In so far as this particular issue (of misrepresentation) is concerned, I
must state that the evidence already considered in relation to issues arising
under the TMA apply (where relevant) here as well. And that evidence, in my
view, _negatives_ any finding of misrepresentation – bearing in mind that the
impact of the alleged misrepresentation is on the “ _average consumer_ ”, a
point to which I will return shortly. As I have already canvassed the evidence
in some detail, a brief summary will suffice.

168 First, the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings are _not identical_ to those
of the plaintiff (see generally [75]–[88] above). However, I did find that
they were similar (see generally [89]–[96] above). Nevertheless – and these
are the crucial points in so far as the present issue is concerned – they were
neither intended to confuse and mislead, _nor actually resulted in_ confusion
or (most importantly of all) deception. One critical factor in this particular
regard is the fact that the _price_ of the pipe fittings of Nation Fittings
was _significantly lower_ than those sold by the plaintiff (see generally
[106]–[107] above and, especially, at [107], where cases dealing directly with
passing off are cited). Another is the fact that such pipe fittings are sold
as _generic_ items – a point that is buttressed by the fact that _the “average
consumer” in so far as the alleged misrepresentation in the present
proceedings is concerned is either a plumber or contractor_ (see, especially,
[103] above). Indeed, in so far as the concept of the “average consumer” is
concerned, reference may also be made to characteristic (3) in the _Warnink_
case (at [148] above) in this regard. I also note that Lord Fraser of
Tullybelton also refers to “the minds of the public, _or a section of the
public_ ” [emphasis added] in the same case (at 755). And in a similar vein,
in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _CDL Hotels International Ltd v
Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ ([107] _supra_), Thean JA, delivering the judgment of
the court, referred (at [72]) to the phrase “the relevant section of the
public”. And, also in the local context, reference may be made to the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Tong Guan Food Products_ ([102]
_supra_) where Yong Pung How CJ, delivering the decision of the court,
observed (at 141–142, [24]) thus:

The law is settled and there is a series of cases for the following
propositions from the last century to the present. The test to be applied has
been stated in _Newsweek Inc_ v _British Broadcasting Corporation_ [1979] PC
441 at p 447 which is whether ordinary sensible members of the public would be
confused. It is not sufficient that the only confusion would be to a very
small unobservant section of society or as Foster J put it recently, if the
only person who would be misled would be a moron in a hurry. _It is sufficient
that a substantial proportion of persons who are probably purchasers of the
goods of the kind in question would in fact be confused_. [emphasis added]

169 The learned Chief Justice in _Tong Guan Food Products_ also refers (at
142, [26]) to the necessity for the court “to take into account _the nature of
the purchasing public_ , the extent of the confusion and the way in which
confusion arises” [emphasis added]. It is also significant to note that the
(also) Singapore Court of Appeal decision in _Kellogg Co v Pacific Food
Products Sdn Bhd_ [1999] 2 SLR 651 at [32] endorsed _Tong Guan Food Products_
even in the context of alleged infringement under the Trade Marks Act. If so,
then this particular decision merely reinforces – in no small way – the
principles as well as decisions applied earlier with regard to the likelihood
of confusion under the Trade Marks Act (as to which see generally [89]–[112]
above).

170 The probable purchasers of the goods (the relevant part of “the purchasing
public”) involved in the present proceedings, _viz_ pipe fittings, are – to
re-emphasise this important point – likely to be plumbers or contractors. And
I have also dealt earlier on in this judgment with the probable legal status
of other possible (and individual) purchasers (who are in the “do-it-yourself”
mode) and whom I have found, in any event, _not_ to constitute the “average
consumer” in so far as the present proceedings are concerned (see generally at
[103] above).

171 As (if not more) importantly, I bear in mind the fact that there was
clearly evidence led to the effect that the ribs on the plaintiff’s as well as
Nation Fittings’s pipe fittings had _a significant functional value_. This is
clear, in fact, from a brochure published by the manufacturers of the pipe
fittings marketed by the plaintiff where it was stated that “Conex compression
fittings are especially advantageous in retrofit plumbing schemes, in
installations where space is confined, or when the use of heat must be avoided
and, they are easy to disassemble”.[note: 19] As importantly, perhaps, PW1, in
his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief did (at para 11) state that “[t]he ribs are
functional but they also act as a means to distinguish the brass compression
pipe fittings manufactured by Oystertec from those manufactured by others”.
And, in the Statutory Declaration by PW1 (which was affirmed much earlier, on
9 June 1983, to be precise), he states (at para 2) that “[t]he ribs are
functional and they also act as a mean [_sic_] for customers to distinguish
the Applicants’ pipe fittings from those of others”. Although PW1 sought to
explain away this last-mentioned statement by arguing that there had been a
typographical error in this paragraph of the Statutory Declaration and that
“functional” meant the facility of distinguishing the plaintiff’s pipe
fittings from those manufactured by other companies, I did not, with respect,
find his explanation convincing. In my view, there has, here, clearly been an
acknowledgment of functionality by PW1. _Further_ , in the course of giving
his testimony, DW1 did testify that the ribs made it much easier to tighten
the pipe fittings where concealed pipes were concerned. It is, of course,
common knowledge that concealed pipes are far more common now than they were
in the past. He also demonstrated – effectively, in my view – how the ribs
facilitated such tightening by utilising a hammer and screwdriver to
illustrate his point on one of the ribbed pipe fittings. It seemed to me clear
that the ribs on the pipe fittings had a clear functional value. Looked at in
this light, one must have regard to the following observations by K S Rajah JC
in the _Pernod Ricard SA_ case ([164] _supra_ at 612, [49]–[50]), as follows:

It is _possible_ for passing-off to occur by reason of the similarity of the
_shape_ , as opposed to the features, _but_ where what is sought to be
restrained is the copying of the bulb-shape of the plaintiffs’ bottle _which_
_has value in use_ , as opposed to capricious attributes of shape or colour,
_the courts are reluctant to allow a plaintiff to secure a monopoly in a new
type or design of goods under the guise of a passing-off action_. …

The primary meaning of the shape of the bottle as bulb-shaped is descriptive.
_The plaintiffs face a heavy burden when they seek to prove that a shape which
is prima facie functional has acquired a secondary meaning._

[emphasis added]

172 Hence, I find that there was no misrepresentation by Best Ceramic and that
the plaintiff fails with regard to this element of its action for the tort of
passing off as well.

_Damage_

173 I also find that the plaintiff has not furnished the court with sufficient
proof of the damage which has allegedly resulted from the claim in passing
off.

174 It would certainly have helped if a relevant witness from the plaintiff
had in fact testified on this matter (and, it might be mentioned, other
matters). However, this was not the case. The words indicated in parentheses
refer to the other issues in the present case, particularly those where the
plaintiff has been unsuccessful (apart from the first issue with respect to
the effect of the transitional provisions of the TMA, which involve questions
of law). Yet, when all is said and done, the plaintiff chose to call just one
witness, PW1.

175 Mr Yap for the plaintiff argues that a likelihood of damage is sufficient
(citing _Wadlow_ ([165] _supra_) at para 4-11). Whilst it is the case that the
proof of actual damage is not a pre-requisite, it seems to me that more than a
mere likelihood of loss has to be proved by the plaintiff. Indeed, Mr Yap also
cited, in his submissions, the following observations by Buckley LJ in _H P_
_Bulmer Ltd and Showerings Ltd v J Bollinger SA_ [1978] RPC 79 at 95, as
follows:

It is well settled that the plaintiff in a passing off action does not have to
prove that he has actually suffered damage by loss of business or in any other
way. A _probability of damage_ is enough, but the actual or probable damage
must be damage to him _in his trade or business_ , that is to say, damage to
his goodwill _in respect of that trade or business_. [emphasis added]

176 The observations just quoted confirm, in fact, my view that proof of
damage must be established as a matter of _probability_ , _not_ mere
possibility. That is in fact consistent with the general civil standard of the
need to prove one’s case on the balance of probabilities. In this regard, the
evidence adduced in the present case by the plaintiff does _not_ , with
respect, meet with this standard (of probability).

**_Conclusion on the issue of passing off_**

177 I find, in the circumstances, that none of the elements of the tort of
passing off has in fact been established by the plaintiff, who must therefore
fail in its claim under this particular head.

**Conclusion**

178**** Having regard to all the evidence available before the court, I hold,
first, that the transitional provisions contained in the Third Schedule of the
TMA (and applicable by virtue of s 109 of the same Act) did _not_ operate to
enable TM 113 and TM 114, which were registered as _two_ -dimensional marks
under the previous Act, to be treated as _three_ -dimensional marks under the
present Act for the purposes of the present proceedings. On this (threshold)
ground alone, the plaintiff fails in its claim.

179 I also find, in any event, that there had been no infringement of the
plaintiff’s registered trade marks by either Nation Fittings or Best Ceramic
under s 27 of the TMA and that the defendants succeed on this issue as well.

180 I find, further, that the plaintiff had not successfully proved that it
had used TM 113 and TM 114 within the meaning of s 22 of the TMA. In the
circumstances, I find in favour of Best Ceramic on this particular issue as
well and, consequently, hold that these registered trade marks belonging to
the plaintiff ought to be revoked on the basis of non-use, and that, _inter
alia_ , Best Ceramic is entitled to a declaration to this effect. In this
regard, I prefer the view expressed by the UK Trade Marks Registry in _ZIPPO
Trade Mark_ [1999] RPC 173 to that expressed in the (also) UK Trade Marks
Registry in _INVERMONT Trade Mark_ ([129] _supra_) to the effect that the
Registrar does _not_ have discretion under the equivalent of s 22 of the TMA
to maintain a mark on the register when grounds for revocation have been
established, whether in relation to all, or some, of the goods for which it is
registered. The view in _ZIPPO Trade Mark_ was, in fact, preferred (on
balance) by Neuberger J in _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe Ltd_ ([101]
_supra_); indeed, in this last-mentioned case, the learned judge observed,
_inter alia_ , as follows (at 811):

[I]t does seem to me somewhat odd if the legislature has specifically provided
for no revocation in the event of there being good reason for non-use, but
nonetheless has left the Court with a residual discretion, particularly
without giving any indication as to what factors should be taken into account
when exercising that discretion. Further, consideration of the combined effect
of section 46(1)(c) and (d) [of the 1994 UK Act, the equivalent provisions
being ss 22(1)(_c_) and 22(1)(_d_) of the TMA] suggest to me that it is more
likely that the legislature intended that those two paragraphs were to
represent mandatory, rather than discretionary, grounds for revocation. … I
also bear in mind that it is not only a privilege for a person to be the
proprietor of a registered trade mark, but it represents a monopoly: the Court
should not be too ready to perpetuate a monopoly in favour of a person who has
not done anything to promote or enjoy it for a period of five years.

181 This approach has in fact been endorsed, in the _local_ context, by
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in the Singapore High Court decision of _Reemtsma
Cigarettenfabriken GmbH v Hugo Boss AG (No 2)_ [2003] 4 SLR 155, especially at
[30]–[34] (where, incidentally, _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe Ltd_
was cited). Indeed, the learned judge observes thus (at [31]–[34]):

31 There are significant pointers in favour of “may” meaning that, if any of
the grounds specified in the sub-s (1) are satisfied, the power must be
exercised one way. They are:

(a) In this case, the statutory power conferred on the court (or Registrar) is
exhaustive in that registration may be revoked in no other than in four
specific grounds for revocation.

(b) Subsection (3) expressly covers the situation where there is no power to
revoke even if sub-s (1)(a) or (b) is satisfied. It amounts to an exhaustive
statement of the position so far as relevant. There is thus no room for
discretion to operate.

(c) There is no “sweeping up” clause to accommodate other grounds.

(d) Subsection (7) is consistent with the absence of discretion. Once the
grounds are established in respect of some goods and not the rest, partial
revocation is to be ordered.

32 The conclusion could be tested in another way. Firstly, if there is some
unexpressed ground with which the court (or Registrar) could consider, it
could only arise by implication as a matter of statutory construction. Section
22(1) states that a registered mark may be revoked on _the following grounds_
and four grounds are enumerated. An implication cannot properly be found that
goes against the express statement “ _the following grounds_ ”. The _expressio
unius_ rule gives the word “ _may_ ” in s 22(1) the meaning “ _may only_ ”.
Thus, no provision could be implied to cut down the operation of the specific
terms of s 22.

33 Secondly, outside of the grounds specified, the court (or Registrar) has no
power and hence no jurisdiction to remove or continue with a registered mark
for any other reason like public interest ground.

34 I would add that since the function of a trade mark is to give a proprietor
a monopoly when his trade mark is used, there should be no discretion to
retain the mark if the grounds are established. If such mark is not used or if
there is no intention to use it, it ought to be revoked: see _PHILOSOPHY DI
ALBERTA FERRETTI” Trade Mark_ [2003] RPC 15; _Imperial Group Ltd v Philip
Morris & Co Ltd_ [1982] FSR 72; Neuberger J in _Premier Brands_ at 811.

[emphasis in original]

182 I find also that TM 113 and TM 114 ought to be invalidated under s 23(1)
of the TMA and hold in favour of, _inter alia_ , Best Ceramic on this
particular issue as well, and who is therefore entitled to a declaration that
both TM 113 and TM 114 are invalid pursuant to s 23 of the TMA.

183 In the circumstances, I find – and therefore make a declaration – that the
plaintiff has in fact made a groundless and unjustifiable threat under s 35 of
the TMA against the defendants. I therefore also grant an injunction
restraining the plaintiff, whether by itself, its directors, officers, agents,
servants or otherwise, from in any way continuing the making of such
groundless and unjustifiable threats against the defendants or against any
other party. I further order that the Registrar assess whether (and, if so,
how much) damages were sustained by the defendants as the result of such a
groundless and unjustifiable threat.

184 Finally, I find that the plaintiff has not proved its claim under the tort
of passing off against Best Ceramic.

185 There will therefore be judgment for the defendants, together with the
appropriate remedies as set out above. Costs are to be agreed and taxed if not
agreed. I will hear the parties at a convenient date if any further
consequential or clarificatory orders need to be made.

_Judgment for the defendants._

**[Editorial Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see
the****Appendixes]**

  

* * *

[note: 1]See DB 197-199.

[note: 2]See the Defendant’s Closing Submissions at pp 29-33.

[note: 3]And see Exhibits PE 1 as well as DE 3 and PE 29 as well as DE 6,
respectively.

[note: 4]At para 36.

[note: 5]See Exhibit PE 10.

[note: 6]See Exhibits PE 12 and PE 13.

[note: 7]See Exhibit PE 14.

[note: 8]See Exhibit PE 18.

[note: 9] See Exhibit PE 9.

[note: 10]See Exhibit PE 17.

[note: 11]See Exhibit PE 16.

[note: 12]See Exhibit PE 19.

[note: 13]See Exhibits PE 25 and 26.

[note: 14]See Exhibit PE 20.

[note: 15]See Exhibit PE 26.

[note: 16]See Exhibit PE 25.

[note: 17]See Exhibit PE 11, 27 and 28.

[note: 18]See Exhibit PE 11.

[note: 19]See PB 39.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

