Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Coterie International (S) Pte Ltd v MAE Engineering Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 18

Case Number | : | Suit 1112/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anna Oei (Oei and Charles) for plaintiff; Eric Chew Yee Teck and Janet Chong Yean Yoong (Archilex Law Corporation) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Coterie International (S) Pte Ltd — MAE Engineering Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Plaintiff claiming for various bonuses under contract –
Whether entitled to 13th-month bonus – Whether entitled to incentive bonus –
Whether incentive scheme rescinded by plaintiff's letter  
  
Contract – Breach – Defendant counterclaiming for damages for plaintiff's
breach of termination clause -Whether plaintiff entitled to treat contract as
at an end – Whether plaintiff in breach of termination clause  
  
Contract – Mistake – Recovery of money paid under mistake – Whether defendant
entitled to recover payout to plaintiff on the ground of its mistaken belief
that targets met  
  

1 February 2005

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a claim by the plaintiff for various sums of money by reason of the
defendant’s breach of contract. The plaintiff is a company providing
consultancy services in mechanical and electrical works for building
contractors. The defendant is a company providing mechanical and electrical
services and was, in effect, a client of the plaintiff. The contract in
question was signed between the plaintiff and defendant on 1 March 1997,
initially to last six months. The following were the salient terms:

(a) The plaintiff would send its majority shareholder and director, David
Eydmann, on secondment to the defendant as a “general manager” to oversee the
latter’s project at “the Esplanade”.

(b) During the first six months from 1 March 1997, either party could
terminate the agreement with 15 days’ notice or payment of half a month’s fee-
in-lieu.

(c) After six months, either party could terminate by giving no less than one
month’s notice or one month’s fee-in-lieu.

(d) The agreement would be for one year but could be extended for a further
year “upon terms and conditions acceptable to both parties”.

2 The agreement was extended for two years with effect from 1 September 1997
by a letter dated 9 September 1997 from the defendant to the plaintiff. That
letter also changed the termination clause from one month’s to three months’
notice or three months’ fee-in-lieu. The plaintiff was also entitled to a
bonus of $13,200 if it completed 12 continuous months of service. The
defendant’s letter of 9 September 1997 with the new terms also provided that
the plaintiff would be paid an incentive bonus when the defendant achieved a
minimum profitability of $2m (after tax). Since the defendant’s appeal against
my judgment is in respect of this item only, I shall set out the exact terms
in full for convenience:

c) Incentive bonus ONLY when MAE [the defendant] achieves a minimum total
profitability of S$2m (after tax) as agreed with our investor ACMA. MAE by
itself (excluding contributions from L.O.I.) is looking at S$1.5m (after tax).
In the light of this, the following milestone will apply to you [the
plaintiff] (again here I must stress no pro-rata basis or distribution if you
leave or your services is [_sic_] terminated before the Audited accounts are
completed):

(i) _1st Milestone_

3% when MAE achieves the first S$1.5m (after tax) profit basing on the Audited
accounts (excluding profits derived from L.O.I.).

(ii) _2nd Milestone_

5% on the balance of the years profit up to a maximum of S$100K (a combination
of first and second milestone[s]).

This incentive will commence from F/Y 1998 and the milestone will be subjected
to annual review after taking into account expected annual growth.

3 The plaintiff stopped work on 21 October 2003 without giving the three
months’ notice in writing or payment of three months’ fee-in-lieu. The
defendant thus claimed damages for breach of the termination clause and asked
that damages be assessed. In the contract then in force, the right of
termination was given to both parties provided three months’ notice was given.
In the original contract, the termination clause provided for three months’
notice or payment of three months’ fee-in-lieu.

4 The parties had agreed at trial that the only issues to be tried concerned
the plaintiff’s claim for the 13th month bonus and $81,050 based on the
defendant’s profit of $2,221,000, after tax, for the year 2001; and as to the
defendant’s counterclaim, they concerned the sum of $55,000 being three
months’ fee-in-lieu of notice and a $50,000 payout made by the defendant on
the ground of the defendant’s mistaken belief that the targets for the year
2000 had been met.

5 Save for the clause set out above, the contract terms seem clear and were
largely undisputed. So far as the plaintiff’s claim was concerned, Mr Eydmann
testified that he stopped going to work in October 2003 because the defendant
had not paid the plaintiff all the money due under their contract, and in
particular, the incentive bonus for 2001. It was clear that the plaintiff
terminated the contract without completing 12 continuous months for that year
(2003) and, therefore, its claim for the 13th month bonus of $13,200 must
fail. Mr Eydmann testified that he thought that he was entitled to stop work
because the plaintiff had not been paid. I do not think that the defendant’s
failure to make payment in this case amounted to a repudiation of contract.
This was an ongoing contract in which payments had been made from time to time
as agreed. Thus, the defendant’s failure to make some payments subsequently,
unaccompanied by any intention no longer to perform or honour its obligations,
did not entitle the plaintiff to treat the contract as at an end. On the terms
of the contract in question, the plaintiff was bound to give notice of
termination, or at least, which was not an issue before me, give a notice of
breach and declare that unless the breach was rectified, he would treat the
contract as at an end. I found that the plaintiff was thus in breach in
failing to give the requisite three months’ notice. However, since there was
no evidence of damage suffered by the defendant, I ordered nominal damages of
$500 against the plaintiff.

6 The plaintiff’s claim for its incentive bonus in the sum of $81,050 was in
respect of the year 2001 in which the defendant’s own accounting records
showed a profit of more than $2m. The dispute lay in Mr Chew’s argument on
behalf of the defendant that the relevant contractual documents, namely the
letters of 3 and 9 September 1999, had rescinded the previous contract
embodied in the agreement of 1 March 1997 and were extended by the defendant’s
letter of 9 September 1997 which provided for the payment of such bonuses. In
the plaintiff’s letter of 3 September 1999, it offered to extend the previous
agreement “on an ongoing basis with three months [_sic_] notice of termination
by either party. All other terms and conditions remain as contained in [the
defendant’s] letter of 9 September 1997”. The defendant replied by a letter
dated 9 September 1999, accepting the offer of extension in the following
terms:

We accept the contents of your letter dated 3 September 1999 with the
exception of the Incentive Scheme which will be adjusted according to
prevailing scheme and targets set for the company on a yearly basis.

On the basis of this short letter, Mr Chew argued that the words “with the
exception of the Incentive Scheme which shall be adjusted …” meant that the
Incentive Scheme was rescinded. The parties had rescinded the Incentive Scheme
set out in cl (c) of the previous letter of extension, namely the one dated 9
September 1997. I am of the opinion that that was an erroneous reading of the
passage just quoted. The parties clearly intended that the Incentive Scheme be
amended to be flexible since the entire contract was going to be extended on
an “ongoing” basis. The scheme thus remained, but the figures and percentage
might be adjusted according to the “prevailing scheme and targets set for the
company on a yearly basis”. There was no dispute that for the year in
question, no new target had been set and the prevailing target, in my view,
must have remained as set out in cl (c). It was not the defendant’s (nor the
plaintiff’s) case that the company had established fresh targets that were not
met, or were either improper or unreasonable.

7 In any event, Miss Anna Oei, counsel for the plaintiff, asked Mr Yeo Weng
Chew, the President and Executive Director of the defendant, in cross-
examination, whether it was clear from the letter of 9 September 1997 that “it
is the milestones that are to be reviewed and not the existence of the
incentive scheme”, and Mr Yeo conceded that it was. She then put it to him
that it was therefore a question of “how much”, and not “if”, to which Mr Yeo
replied, “I agree”. The next witness for the defence, Mr Lee Kam Seng, who was
in charge of the defendant’s corporate affairs, prevaricated for a while but
could not deny the figures in the company’s audited accounts. From those
accounts Miss Oei eventually had him confirm that an incentive bonus had in
fact been paid for the year 2001. From the testimony given in court, I find Mr
Eydmann, for the plaintiff, to be a more reliable witness than Mr Yeo and Mr
Lee. On the evidence as presented, I am of the view that the defendant had, on
a balance of probabilities, achieved its target of $2m profit after tax for
the year 2001 and the plaintiff was therefore entitled to the sum of $81,050
which figure was agreed by counsel to be correct in the event that liability
is found against the defendant.

8 In respect of the defendant’s claim for the refund of $50,000 based on the
alleged mistaken belief that the company met its financial target in the year
2000, I find that there was no mistake as the company’s financial records show
that the payment was correctly calculated and approved. I do not accept,
without more, the defendant’s bald statement that the profits were written off
as losses in subsequent years.

9 In the event, I dismissed the plaintiff’s claim for the bonus of $13,200 for
2003, but allowed its claim for $81,050 as incentive payment for 2001. I
dismissed the defendant’s counterclaim for the $50,000 but awarded nominal
damages of $500 for the plaintiff’s failure to give notice of termination of
employment. Costs were awarded to the plaintiff at 80% of taxed costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

