Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Changhe International Investments Pte Ltd and Another v Dexia BIL Asia
Singapore Ltd and Others  
[2005] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | Suit 63/2004, RA 297/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien (Leslie Yeo and Associates) for the first plaintiff; Sarjit Singh SC (Shook Lin and Bok) for the first defendant   
Parties | : |  Changhe International Investments Pte Ltd; Yangyun — Dexia BIL Asia Singapore Ltd; Wong Sue Jean; Highgold Fortune Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – First plaintiff's first action against first
defendant dismissed for failure to comply with peremptory order – Plaintiffs
subsequently commencing second action against defendants – Plaintiffs
attempting to admit statement of claim from first action in second action –
Whether second action should be struck out for abuse of process  
  

26 January 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The first defendant, Dexia BIL Asia Singapore Limited (“Dexia”), formerly
known as Banque International A Luxembourg BIL (Asia) Ltd (“Banque
Luxembourg”), appealed against the dismissal of its application to strike out
the Statement of Claim of the first plaintiff, Changhe International
Investments Pte Ltd (“Changhe”), and the second plaintiff, Yangyun, on the
grounds that it is an abuse of the process of the court and/or is scandalous,
frivolous or vexatious and/or discloses no reasonable course of action. I
allowed the appeal and now give the reasons for my decision.

**Background**

2 The starting point for any discussion of the appeal must be Suit No 1725 of
1999 (“the first suit”), which was commenced by Changhe against Banque
Luxembourg in December 1999. In this suit, Changhe claimed the sum of US$10m
from the bank on the ground that this sum was transferred out of its account
in breach of the mandate and express instructions that it gave to the bank. On
8 March 2000, that claim was dismissed with costs by Ms Thian Yee Sze, who was
then an assistant registrar, because of a breach by Changhe of an “unless
order” with respect to the filing of a list of documents by 2 March 2000.

3 Changhe’s counsel did not appeal against the order dismissing the first
suit. Subsequently, Changhe appointed new solicitors, who decided to apply to
set aside the order dismissing the first suit. At the hearing of this
application on 14 June 2000, Banque Luxembourg’s counsel asserted that what
Changhe was in fact trying to do was to have one assistant registrar overturn
an order of another assistant registrar when the proper course of action would
have been to appeal against the order dismissing the first suit. Ms Vivian
Wong, the then assistant registrar who heard the application, agreed and
dismissed Changhe’s application without hearing the merits. Changhe appealed
to a judge in chambers. Amarjeet Singh JC dismissed the appeal and said that
Changhe “could not re-litigate the same matter save by way of appeal”.
Changhe’s appeal against the judicial commissioner’s decision was dismissed by
the Court of Appeal on 18 January 2001.

4 Three years later, on 20 January 2004, after Banque Luxembourg had changed
its name to Dexia, Changhe issued a new Writ of Summons (“the second suit”)
against the bank. It is evident that the second suit concerns the same causes
of action as those pleaded in the first suit. Essentially, what is different
about the second suit is the inclusion of the second plaintiff and the second
and third defendants. The inclusion of additional defendants is now academic
because as far as they are concerned, Changhe allowed the new Writ to lapse.

5 Dexia’s lawyers applied to strike out the second suit and when this failed,
they lodged the present appeal.

**The appeal**

6 At the outset, it ought to be noted that although Changhe added two other
defendants in the second suit, it took no concrete steps to advance its case
against the second and third defendants, sought no substantial relief against
them, and allowed the Writ to lapse as far as these two defendants were
concerned.

7 At the hearing of the appeal, Changhe’s counsel accepted that the second
suit was identical to the first suit. In his written submissions, he stated:

It is not disputed by the Plaintiffs that apart from the inclusion of the 2nd
Plaintiff, the 2nd and 3rd [Defendants] in this fresh suit, the Plaintiffs’
claim is identical to the Suit No 1725 of 1999 commenced earlier and had been
struck out pursuant to an “unless order” given by the Registrar at a Pre-trial
conference on 24th February 2000.

8 In view of the admission by Changhe’s counsel, the issue in this case is
whether there was an abuse of process of the court when Changhe resurrected
the dismissed first suit in the form of the second suit.

9 Whether or not the second suit should be struck out is at the discretion of
the court. As the first suit was dismissed because of a failure to comply with
a peremptory order, it is pertinent to note that in _Janov v Morris_ [1981] 1
WLR 1389 at 1395, Dunn LJ, with whom Watkins LJ agreed, said as follows:

The court then has to consider whether, in the exercise of its discretion
under R.S.C., Ord. 18, r. 19, that second action should be struck out. In my
view, the court should be cautious in allowing the second action to continue
and should have due regard to the necessity of maintaining the principle that
orders are made to be complied with and not to be ignored.

10 Dunn LJ’s approach rests on solid ground. After all, in _Samuels v Linzi
Dresses Ltd_ [1981] QB 115 at 126, Roskill LJ reiterated that orders “as to
time, and in particular as to the time for delivery of pleadings and
particulars are made not to be ignored but to be complied with”. This cautious
approach was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff
v Arjan Bhisham Chotrani_ [1999] 1 SLR 750.

11 As has been mentioned, Changhe did not appeal against the decision to
dismiss its first suit and did not apply for an extension of time to file the
requisite particulars required for the purpose of that suit. In _Janov v
Morris_ , Watkins LJ pointed out at 1395 that where an appeal has been lodged
against the dismissal of an action and an application has been made for an
extension of time to comply with a peremptory order, “[t]he outcome of such an
appeal … will to some extent depend upon the excuse for failure preferably set
forth in affidavit form provided for the court’s consideration”. No lower
standard can be expected if a litigant chooses not to appeal but to start a
fresh action several years down the road.

12 When considering whether the discretion of the court should be exercised in
Changhe’s favour, it cannot be overlooked that neither in the first suit nor
in the present suit did Changhe offer any satisfactory explanation for the
failure to comply with the peremptory order in the first suit. In the present
proceedings, Changhe had sought an adjournment for the purpose of filing an
affidavit to explain its actions in the first suit but it failed to file the
said affidavit before 20 September 2004, the deadline fixed by an Order of
Court dated 30 August 2004. On 21 September 2004, one day after the deadline
in question, Dexia’s solicitors, M/s Shook Lin & Bok, wrote to Changhe’s
solicitors as follows:

We refer to the above matter and to the Order of Court dated the 30th day of
August 2004.

Pursuant to paragraph 1 of the said Order, your clients were required to file
and serve their affidavit in reply by Monday 20 September 2004. The Order was
made pursuant to your clients’ express request for an extension of time within
which to file their affidavit.

Your clients have failed and/or neglected to file their affidavit and [are]
now in breach of the said Order.

_By failing to comply with the said Order, your clients have again shown their
scant regard for the authority of Orders made by the Court._

We are instructed to object to any attempt by your clients to rely on any
affidavit that has been filed out of time.

[emphasis added]

13 In the light of its own request to adjourn proceedings in order to file an
affidavit, Changhe’s failure to do so before or after the deadline cannot be
countenanced. After Changhe failed to file the promised affidavit, its counsel
sought to rely on a previous affidavit filed on behalf of Changhe during
proceedings relating to the first suit three years ago. That affidavit
certainly did not offer any satisfactory explanation for non-compliance with
the court order. One must be mindful of the fact that in _Janov v Morris_ ,
Watkins LJ rightly pointed out at 1395 that:

If a litigant … brings a fresh but precisely similar action to that ordered to
be struck out without any explanation then or at any later time for a failure
to obey the peremptory order, he should not be surprised that the commencement
of the second action is found to be an abuse of the process of the court and
for that reason it, too, is struck out.

14 Changhe’s lack of diligence in complying with court orders in the first
suit is equally evident in the second suit. After taking all circumstances
into account, I had no doubt that to allow Changhe to proceed with the second
suit would be to condone a blatant disregard of orders of court. As such, I
allowed Dexia’s appeal with costs.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

