Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Jayaram Bala Subramaniam  
[2005] SGHC 169

Case Number | : | OS 243/2005, NM 50/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Aziz Tayabali (Aziz Tayabali and Associatees) for the applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Jayaram Bala Subramaniam   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted of
criminal breach of trust under s 409 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) –
Advocate and solicitor convicted of dishonest misappropriation of money under
s 406 Penal Code – Appropriate order to be made – Sections 83(1), 98(5) Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed), Sections 406, 409 Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  

12 September 2005

Tan Lee Meng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This case concerns an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) pursuant to s 94A, read with s 98(1), of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”), for the respondent, Mr Jayaram Bala
Subramaniam, an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore, to
show cause why he should not be dealt with under s 83(2)(_a_) of the LPA. We
ordered the respondent to be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors
and now give the reasons for our decision.

**Background**

2 The respondent, who was called to the Bar on 8 November 1978, was the sole
proprietor of M/s Bala & Co (“the firm”) at all material times. In breach of
his obligations to his clients, he used funds in the clients’ account for his
personal expenses. The amount of clients’ money misappropriated by him was
$238,420.60 and he only managed to return $109,700.00 to them.

3 Eight charges were preferred against the respondent. With respect to breach
of trust, he faced six charges under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985
Rev Ed) and one charge under s 406 of the Penal Code. He also faced a charge
under s 33(2) of the LPA for preparing a sale and purchase agreement between
June to September 2001 when he did not have a practising certificate to act as
an advocate and solicitor.

4 The Prosecution proceeded with only four charges. The first charge relates
to the purchase of a property by two of the respondent’s clients, Ms Nancy
Arifin and her late father, in 2000. Ms Arifin took a loan from Overseas Union
Bank (“OUB”) to finance the purchase of the property and a cashier’s order for
$35,061.60 was forwarded by OUB to the respondent for payment of the stamp and
registration fees for the transfer of the property. This sum was
misappropriated by the respondent.

5 The second charge concerned the purchase of property by Pang Jang
Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Pang Jang”). On 20 July 1999, the respondent requested
Pang Jang to forward to him $11,338 for the registration and stamp fees due
for the transfer of the said property. After receiving this sum from Pang
Jang, the respondent misappropriated it.

6 The third charge faced by the respondent was in relation to his dealings
with Chip Soon Aluminium Pte Ltd (“Chip Soon”). He requested Chip Soon to hand
over a sum of $45,658 to him for the purpose of paying for the registration
and stamp fees due on the transfer of a property being purchased by the
company. After receiving the funds from Chip Soon, he used the money to pay
for his own expenses.

7 As for the fourth charge against the respondent, the complainant was Mr
Manganmal Jhamathmal Lalwani (“Lalwani”), who engaged the former to handle the
purchase of a property. Lalwani forwarded to the firm two cheques, one for
$30,000 and the other for $6,663, for the purpose of paying a deposit to the
vendor and for registration and stamp fees. The respondent used the money to
pay his own creditors.

8 The respondent, who said that his sole purpose in misappropriating the funds
in question was to pay his staff and his office rental, pleaded guilty to the
charges against him. He asked the court to note that he had fully and
willingly co-operated with the police and had volunteered information to them
so that the investigation could be concluded speedily. On 30 August 2002, he
was sentenced to imprisonment for a term of 39 months. He has since served the
sentence.

9 Pursuant to s 94A(1) of the LPA, the Law Society proceeded with an
application for the respondent to show cause why he should not be dealt with
under the provisions of s 83(2)(_a_) of the LPA. On 16 October 2004, a show
cause Order of Court was obtained and in the proceedings before us, the Law
Society applied for this show cause order to be made absolute and for the
respondent to bear the cost of the proceedings.

10 Cases of dishonest use of clients’ funds must be viewed very seriously by
the court. In _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696 at
[12], the court, while referring to the requirement that lawyers be honest in
their work, stated as follows:

The administration of justice can only proceed on the basis that solicitors
can place reliance upon the honesty of the solicitors with whom they deal. The
public too must be able to repose confidence in a profession which plays so
indispensable a part in the administration of justice. Similarly, the courts
of this country must be able to depend on the honesty and integrity of all
practitioners appearing before them and to expect that they will maintain the
highest standards of personal honesty and integrity in their dealings with the
courts.

11 For the purpose of determining the appropriate penalty to be imposed on the
respondent, it is worth noting that in _Law Society of Singapore v Lau See-Jin
Jeffrey_ [1999] 2 SLR 215, the court noted that disciplinary action under s 83
of the LPA serves three functions, namely the punishment of the errant
solicitor, deterrence against similar defaults by other solicitors in the
future and the protection of public confidence in the administration of
justice. In _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ , the court held that
where a solicitor had acted dishonestly, he should be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. The court accepted at [13] that it had a duty to
itself, to the rest of the profession and to the community “to be careful not
to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
[practise] as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily establish
his right to those credentials”.

12 The respondent in the present case has been convicted of committing
criminal breach of trust and dishonest misappropriation of money entrusted to
him by his clients. By committing these offences, he has shown that he is
unfit to practise as an advocate and solicitor. We thus ordered the respondent
to be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors. We also ordered him to
pay the cost of these proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

