Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tullett Prebon (Singapore) Ltd and Another v Chua Leong Chuan Simon and
Others and Another Suit  
[2005] SGHC 150

Case Number | : | Suit 498/2005, 515/2005, SIC 3507/2005, 3608/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh S Coomaraswamy SC, Yip Weng and Elaine Wong (Shook Lin and Bok) for the plaintiffs; Suresh Damodara and Sunil S Gill (David Lim and Partners) for the defendants in S 498/2005; N K Rajarh (N K Rajarh) for the defendant in S 515/2005; Christopher Anand Daniel and Ginny Chew Jee Ling (Allen and Gledhill) for the intervener (BGC International (S) Branch)   
Parties | : |  Tullett Prebon (Singapore) Ltd; Tullett Liberty Pte Ltd — Chua Leong Chuan Simon; Chong Pheng Woon; Loh Chee Boon; Tan Lee Seng William   
  
Employment Law – Contract of service – Breach – Whether interlocutory
injunction should be granted to restrain employee from working for another
employer  
  
Injunctions – Purposes for grant – Protection of contractual rights – Whether
adequacy of damages sole consideration  
  

19 August 2005

Choo Han Teck J:

1 These two summonses were applications for interlocutory injunctions against
the defendants. The first application was made under Suit No 498 of 2005
(“Suit 498/2005”) against the four defendants who are employees of the first
plaintiff. The second was made under Suit No 515 of 2005 (“Suit 515/2005”)
against the solitary defendant who is also the first plaintiff’s employee.
These two suits have not been consolidated and so the applications were made
separately to be heard one after the other. However, the two suits share some
common facts and background information. The legal and factual disputes are
also identical (except for some differences in the contract terms of the
defence in Suit 515/2005) and can all be dealt with at the same time. The
arguments were presented before me as if the applications were consolidated.
That seemed to be a sensible and convenient approach. The second plaintiff in
Suit 498/2005 was the employer of the third defendant before the latter was
seconded to the first plaintiff. Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr V Coomaraswamy
SC, informed me that the second plaintiff was therefore joined as a party in
case the defendant raised the issue as to the identity of his employer. That
issue, however, is not relevant for the purposes of the two interlocutory
applications. Before hearing counsel, I heard an application by Mr Christopher
Daniel on behalf of BGC International (Singapore branch) (“the intervener”) to
intervene in the two suits. I granted the application because it was said that
the defendants were presently working for the intervener, and therefore an
injunction against the defendants would affect the intervener, who would
otherwise not be heard unless it was formally joined as a party to the
proceedings. It is likely that it will also wish to be heard at the trial
proper.

2 The first plaintiff in Suit 498/2005 and the plaintiff in Suit 515/2005
(“Tullett Prebon”), and the intervener, are rival companies in an “inter-
dealer money broking” business. Tullett Prebon employed the defendants in
Singapore. The contracts of employment, except that of the fourth defendant in
Suit 498/2005, were similar in terms. The contracts provided the employee with
a right to terminate the employment on three months’ notice. However, the
right to terminate accrued only after the employee had served two years’
employment. These were the common terms. The annual salary and date of
commencement of contract were different in each case, but these differences
are not relevant. In the case of the fourth defendant in Suit 498/2005,
however, he had not yet served the requisite two years’ employment and so was
not contractually entitled to give notice of termination.

3 At various dates between 17 June 2005 and 14 July 2005, Tullet Prebon
letters from the five defendants stating that they were resigning from the
company. Tullet Prebon responded through its solicitors by putting the
defendants on notice that although the defendants’ conduct amounted to a
breach of contract, it did not accept the breach. The plaintiffs consequently
commenced these two suits against the defendants. The applications before me
were for an order enjoining each of the defendants from working for the
intervener. The applications came before me on 19 July 2005 and were adjourned
to 10 August 2005 on the application of the defendants on the ground that they
needed time to prepare a response. As at 19 July 2005, it was not known to the
plaintiffs whether the defendants had in fact joined the intervener or any
other company. The defendants’ solicitors were unable to say that the
defendants would provide an undertaking (which Mr Coomaraswamy had requested)
that they would not seek employment elsewhere pending the hearing of these
applications. On 10 August 2005, Mr Daniel appeared and applied on behalf of
his client to intervene on the ground that the intervener had employed the
defendants on 25 July 2005 and, therefore, it (the intervener) had an interest
in the proceedings.

4 Mr Coomaraswamy conceded that although an employer could not compel a
reluctant employee to continue working for him, he was entitled to restrain
the employee from working for somebody else. I accept that proposition as
established law. If, in breach of contract, a concert performer tells the
concert promoter that he no longer intends to perform as scheduled because he
will be performing at another concert hall, he may be restrained from
performing at the second hall even though the court might not be able to
compel him to perform his original contract. What is the underlying principle
behind such a remedy in contract? Why, it might be asked, ought one to be
mean-spirited and prevent the second performance when he cannot compel the
performance of the first? It would, indeed, be a loss to those who would
otherwise have enjoyed the second concert. The answer is simple. A legally
binding agreement is binding and enforceable because the parties intended it
to be so, and they believed, as would any bystander who might be asked, that
it would be dishonourable not to do so. Under such circumstances, keeping
one’s word is a virtue that provides a very sound basis for the founding of
any principle.

5 The defendants and the intervener opposed the application on a number of
grounds. Firstly, it was said that it was not the defendants, but the
plaintiffs, who were in breach of contract because they breached an implied
term of the contract that, counsel submitted, established a requirement for
mutual trust and confidence. Counsel for the defendants, Mr Suresh Damodara
and Mr Rajarh, referred to the affidavits of their clients, but I could not
reconcile the grievances expressed therein to support the contention that the
plaintiffs were in breach of an implied term of mutual trust and confidence.
For example, the third defendant in Suit 498/2005 deposed that he felt that he
was working to support the high salaries paid to the expatriate staff. It was
not explained why this assertion, if true, amounted to a breach of mutual
trust and confidence. I also agree with Mr Coomaraswamy that the events that
led to the two previous actions in Suits Nos 92 and 195 of 2005 are not
relevant to the present action because those events had taken place (with the
termination of the employment of one Mark Spring) almost ten months prior to
the present purported resignations of the defendants. The trial judge, with a
more complete state of the evidence, will be better placed to determine
whether such a term (mutual trust and confidence) existed in the contracts in
question, and if so, whether there was a breach of that term by the
plaintiffs. Presently, there is insufficient evidence in support of the
assertion that there was a constructive dismissal of the defendants. I am
mindful that my present view was formed on untested evidence, and the trial
judge might thus form a different opinion at the end of the trial – such is
the nature of interlocutory orders.

6 Secondly, it was contended that the law would not compel the performance of
an employment contract, whether directly or indirectly. One of the authorities
that Mr Daniel, counsel for the intervener, relied on was the decision in
_Chiam Heng Hsien v Jurong Town Corp_ [1984–1985] SLR 256 (“ _Chiam Heng
Hsien_ ”). The facts and issues there were not nearly as similar to that in
the present case. An employee (as was the case in _Chiam Heng Hsien_) who
insists that his employer continues to employ him is not in the same
circumstances as an employer who insists that his employee not work for
someone else until the contract of employment has been lawfully terminated. In
_Chiam Heng Hsien_ , the court held that the employer had wrongfully dismissed
the plaintiff. However, the court was of the opinion that it served no purpose
in reinstating the plaintiff since the employer could still terminate him by
giving notice. In the circumstances, the court awarded the plaintiff three
months’ salary as damages instead.

7 I was asked to find that the balance of convenience lay against granting the
plaintiffs’ applications because its loss could be computed by monetary
compensation. It is probably true that if the defendants were to be given no
work when they were to serve out their notice period, then what the plaintiffs
would lose would be the salaries of the defendants for three months. On the
other hand, the damage the defendants could do by taking business away might
not be easily or accurately ascertained. In my view, the convenience as well
as the difficulties in assessing damages is roughly the same for all parties.
Nothing that counsel has proposed has persuaded me that the defendants should
be permitted to disregard the contract they had signed. The term in question
was not an exceptional one, and if the same term is found in the contracts
that the intervener has with its employees, I should think that the intervener
would like to see that it is respected when an enticing offer from elsewhere
comes the way of its employees. The principle of adherence to the contract is
the most universal principle among all that counsel has paraded before me. The
contractual loss in this case can have a value fixed on it, but honour is
priceless. I lean in favour of honour. The general expectation that a man will
abide by his agreement in a contract is another reason why the defendants here
should be enjoined.

8 Ought I to consider the fact that the defendants have actually started work
with the intervener as a point in their favour? I do not think so. They must
know, certainly by 19 July 2005 when their counsel appeared in court to
respond to these applications, that the plaintiffs had placed the defendants’
right to seek other employment for the time being directly in issue. The
defendants would therefore have joined the intervener’s employ after that date
with the knowledge that the plaintiffs might succeed in their application. I
would consider their _fait accompli_ a neutral factor at best. Finally, I
refer to the point that counsel for the defendants and intervener have made
concerning the court’s refusal to grant the plaintiffs the same relief in the
two other suits, namely, Suits Nos 92 and 195 of 2005. The nature of
interlocutory relief is discretionary and the application of the principles to
the facts may differ from court to court. Naturally, consistency is important,
but the facts are not entirely identical.

9 This is not a dispute over a restraint of trade contract although it has the
semblance of such a contract. It is really a case about the enforcement of a
straightforward term as to when the employee in question should be permitted
to tender his resignation. In this regard, Lord Reid’s comments in _Esso
Petroleum Co Ltd v Harper’s Garage (Stourport) Ltd_ [1968] AC 269 at 294 are
directly on point:

Whenever a man agrees to do something over a period he thereby puts it wholly
or partly out of his power to “exercise any trade or business he pleases”
during that period. He may enter into a contract of service or may agree to
give his exclusive services to another: then during the period of the contract
he is not entitled to engage in other business activities. But no one has ever
suggested that such contracts are in restraint of trade except in very unusual
circumstances, such as those in _Young v Timmins_ (1831) 1 Cr. & J. 331, where
the servant had agreed not to work for anyone else but might have been given
no work and received no remuneration for considerable periods and thus have
been deprived of a livelihood: the grounds of judgment may not now be correct
but I think that the case was rightly decided.

There was no argument that the contractual clauses in question in this case
offended public policy in any way. In cases such as the present, where an
injunctive relief is still possible, it should be granted unless there are
good reasons why it should not, and I have not been persuaded that there is
any good reason in refusing the plaintiffs’ application. Ultimately, as Dillon
LJ said in _Provident Financial Group plc v Hayward_ [1989] 3 All ER 298 at
305, all the factors that counsel had raised there were matters of discretion,
not principle. The matters and arguments raised before me were similar, that
is, the balancing of prejudice and the convenience of damages. So, as a matter
of discretion, I would rule in favour of the plaintiffs, with the additional
comfort that in the present case, the law of contract appears _prima facie_ to
be in their favour as well. For these reasons, I think that, contrary to the
submissions of counsel for the defendants and the intervener, the plaintiffs
do have a legitimate interest to protect – their interest in the contract of
employment. Not every breach should be answered with a “damages are adequate”
retort. In many commercial contracts, damages would usually be a sufficient
remedy, and in many instances, the most appropriate one. It is also a remedy
that might be combined with other remedies to refine the orders that a court
might make so as to present the fairest possible result. It should not be the
default remedy of convenience. When a term of contract is clearly expressed,
it should be enforced wherever possible so that the parties to the contract,
and the people who help draft them, might not despair to know that their
efforts would ultimately be futile because no one cares, and that the courts
would only order damages.

10 For the reasons above, the plaintiffs’ applications are allowed. However,
the period of three months shall commence from 19 July 2005. The period of
purported employment by the intervener from 25 July 2005 to date will be
subject to the calculation of damages, if any, after trial. The nature of the
present disputes indicates that, like Suits Nos 92 and 195 of 2005 before
them, these two actions ought also to be consolidated, and be heard
immediately after the two antecedent actions with liberty to apply to the
trial judge. Costs shall be costs in the cause.

11 Counsel for the intervener asked for leave to present further arguments.
His letter of 18 August 2005 referred to matters which I had already taken
into account, and perhaps the only point that required clarification was that
even if the law absolutely prohibited the enforcement of a contract by giving
effect to a negative covenant in the agreement, the circumstances here do not
justify classifying it as such a case.

12 Likewise, counsel for the defendant in Suit 498/2005, Mr Damadaraj, wrote
to present further arguments. The only matter I need to address is the
purported reliance by Lai Kew Chai J on _Cantor Fitzgerald v Wallace_ [1992]
IRLR 215. First, Lai J’s decision was entirely a matter of his discretion. If
he had likened the trade connections in this case to that in _Cantor
Fitzgerald v Wallace_ , then I need only point to counsel my grounds above in
which I see other matters that I considered to be legitimate interests.

13 I, therefore, did not require further arguments to be presented.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

