Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Tan Teck Khong and Another (committee of
the estate of Pang Jong Wan, mentally disordered) and Others  
[2005] SGHC 61

Case Number | : | OS 614/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Muralidharan Pillai, Harveen Singh and Vivien Teng (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiff; Prabhakaran Nair (Ong Tan and Nair) for the first defendants; The second defendant in person; Michael Khoo SC, Josephine Low, Andy Chiok and Cleophas Pfang (Michael Khoo and Partners) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd — Tan Teck Khong and Another (committee of the estate of Pang Jong Wan, mentally disordered); Tan Pian Meng; Ng Yap and Partners (sued as a firm)   
  
Credit and Security – Mortgage of real property – Discharge of mortgage –
Whether mortgage unenforceable by plaintiff because executed under undue
influence – Whether defendants affirming existence of mortgage by calling for
its discharge  
  
Equity – Undue influence – Presumed – Whether mortgage executed by mother
voidable because executed under undue influence of son – Whether transaction
readily explicable by mother-son relationship – Whether presumption of undue
influence rebutted by son  
  
Legal Profession – Duties – Client – Whether solicitor under duty to take
particular care to advise and consult with client in situation of possible
undue influence – Whether private consultation impossible in presence of
interested party – Whether meaning and effect of documents satisfactorily
explained to client by interpreter without explanation by lawyer  
  
Tort – Negligence – Breach of duty – Whether solicitor failing to take
sufficient and adequate steps to ascertain whether client having mental
capacity and acting on own free will when executing mortgage – Whether
solicitor negligent in failing to hold private consultation with client in
situation of possible undue influence – Whether solicitor failing to ensure
meaning and effect of documents satisfactorily explained to client  
  

30 March 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

**The parties**

1 The plaintiff, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, is the
successor-in-title of Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd (“KTB”). The first defendants,
Tan Teck Khong and Tan Teck Hing, are the first and second sons of Pang Jong
Wan (“Mdm Pang”), and are sued in their capacity as the committee of her
estate pursuant to their appointment under an order of court dated 22 January
2001.

2 The second defendant, Tan Pian Meng, is the third son of Mdm Pang. The third
defendant, M/s Ng Yap & Partners, is the firm of solicitors which acted for
KTB, Mdm Pang and the second defendant in a mortgage.

**The mortgage**

3 This action arises out of a mortgage executed by Mdm Pang. She is an elderly
Hainanese lady in her 70s. She is a widow with three sons. She executed a
mortgage on 3 November 1999 (which was subsequently perfected and dated 22
November 1999) over her property known as 64/64A Serangoon Garden Way (“the
Property”) in favour of KTB to guarantee a term loan of $1,000,000 and an
overdraft loan of $500,000 granted by KTB to the second defendant. Mdm Pang
was not in good health when she executed the mortgage. She had suffered two
strokes, in July 1997 and in August 1999. She underwent treatment, but
continued to suffer some disabilities. On 22 January 2001, the first
defendants were appointed the committee of her estate under the Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed). Her mental capacity on 3
November 1999 has been a point of contention in the present proceedings and in
an earlier action.

**The earlier action**

4 An earlier action, namely Suit No 1072 of 2001, _Tan Teck Khong & Anor
(suing as Committee of the Estate of Pang Jong Wan) v Tan Pian Meng_ [2002] 4
SLR 616 was instituted by the first defendants (who were the plaintiffs in
that action) against the second defendant (who was the defendant in that
action). In the action, the first defendants alleged that a will was executed
by Mdm Pang on 22 October 1997 and a second will, together with the mortgage,
was executed by her on 3 November 1999 when she was physically and mentally
incapacitated and was under the undue and improper influence of the second
defendant.

5 The first defendants sought, _inter alia_ , orders that the second defendant
repay all moneys he borrowed from KTB to secure the discharge of the mortgage,
and declarations that the two wills were null and void and of no effect.

6 The action was heard by Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was). In his judgment
dated 17 July 2002 (“the earlier judgment”), Woo JC held at [248] that “even
if Mdm Pang did have the mental capacity as at 3 November 1999 to execute the
mortgage and her second will, she was unduly influenced by Pian Meng [the
second defendant] to do so.”

7 Pursuant to his finding, judgment was entered, declaring the two wills null
and void, with an order that the second defendant was to account to Mdm Pang
the amount owing to the plaintiff under the facilities granted after deducting
some approved payments.

8 It is also significant that the first defendants did not bring the plaintiff
or the third defendant into the earlier action, or seek any relief or remedy
from them.

**The present action**

**_The plaintiff’s claims_**

9 In the present action, the plaintiff sought different reliefs from the
defendants. Against the first defendants and second defendant, the plaintiff
claimed, _inter alia_ , delivery of vacant possession of the Property, an
order that the mortgage be enforced by the sale of the Property and payment of
the sum due under the mortgage. The action, which began as an originating
summons, was converted to and proceeded as one commenced by a writ of summons.

10 The plaintiff’s claim against the third defendant was made on the
contingency that the mortgage was unenforceable. In that event, it alleged
that the third defendant had not discharged its duty as the plaintiff’s
solicitors and had failed to take sufficient and adequate steps to ascertain
if Mdm Pang had the mental capacity to execute the mortgage and was acting on
her own free will when she executed the mortgage on 3 November 1999.

**_The first defendants’ defence and counterclaim_**

11 The first defendants sought to rely on the earlier judgment which, they
alleged, found that the third defendant “did not exercise reasonable care and
diligence to ensure that Mdm Pang had the mental capacity to understand and
execute the Mortgage”[1] and that for that reason, the first defendants and
Mdm Pang were not liable under the mortgage. It is noteworthy that the Defence
referred only to Mdm Pang’s lack of mental capacity, with no allegation of her
having acted under the undue influence of the second defendant.

12 The first defendants counterclaimed against the plaintiff for a declaration
that the mortgage was null and void and that it be set aside. The plaintiff’s
defence to the counterclaim was to deny the whole of it, including the
allegation that the mortgage was null and void.

**_The second defendant’s defence_**

13 The second defendant was represented by counsel when his Defence and
Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief were filed. However, at trial, he was not
represented and appeared in person. The only part of his Defence that
specifically referred to the plaintiff’s claim against him was “the 2nd
Defendant contends that the Plaintiffs should be allowed to recover No 64/64A
Serangoon Garden Way and to sell it to recover the outstanding banking
facilities which the Plaintiffs are claiming”.[2]

14 By taking this position, the second defendant impliedly accepted that the
mortgage was valid and enforceable by the plaintiff, and that he wanted the
plaintiff to recover its loans to him from the proceeds of the sale of the
Property.

**_The third defendant’s defence_**

15 The third defendant pleaded that:

At all material times, and in particular on 3 November 1999, Mdm Pang Jong Wan
appeared to Ms. Annie Yap as being of sound mind and was acting of her own
free will and mind and as having understood the nature and contents of the
documents she had executed. There were no circumstances appearing to Ms. Annie
Yap that Mdm Pang Jong Wan was suffering from or was under any undue influence
of the 2nd Defendant or by anyone else.[3]

16 At the commencement of the trial, the third defendant obtained leave to
amend its Defence to add an additional defence that:

Further or alternatively, any loss or damage that may be suffered by the
Plaintiffs were caused and/or contributed to by the negligence of the
Plaintiffs. At all material times, the Plaintiffs’ bank and/or their officers
did not meet or take any reasonable steps to meet Madam Pang Jong Wan
personally. All communications regarding the mortgage of the said Property
were made through the Second Defendant even though at all material times the
Plaintiffs were aware that Madam Pang Jong Wan was and is the registered
proprietor of the said Property.[4]

**_The onus on the parties_**

17 The merits of each party’s case are best decided against a clear
understanding of the onus of proof that was on each of them in relation to the
main issues that have become identified.

18 The plaintiff has to prove that the mortgage was valid and enforceable, and
that if it was not, the third defendant was negligent when it acted for the
plaintiff and Mdm Pang in the execution of the mortgage. Ms Annie Yap (“Ms
Yap”), a partner in the third defendant, was the solicitor who had acted in
the mortgage and had dealt with Mdm Pang and the second defendant.

19 The onus was on the first defendants to prove that Mdm Pang executed the
mortgage when she lacked the mental capacity to do so, or that she executed it
while she was under undue influence from the second defendant, and that the
mortgage was not valid and enforceable.

20 As the second defendant accepted the validity of the mortgage, there was
nothing in his defence that he needed to prove.

21 The third defendant needed to make good its defence that it had properly
carried out its professional duties. While the onus of proving negligence was
on the plaintiff and the first defendant who alleged it, the burden shifted to
the third defendant to explain and justify its conduct in relation to the
execution of the mortgage.

**The effect of the earlier judgment**

22 Much was made of the effect of the earlier judgment – that it was a
decision _in rem_ , that it gave rise to _res judicata_ , and that it estopped
the parties from taking positions inconsistent with the judgment.

23 It is important to ascertain what Woo JC’s finding was. Although the
validity of Mdm Pang’s two wills was challenged on two grounds, _ie_ , her
lack of mental capacity and the undue influence asserted on her, Woo JC found
only on the latter. While it would be fair to say that there were suggestions
that he may have had doubts about Mdm Pang’s mental state, Woo JC limited
himself to a finding that she had executed the will and mortgage on 3 November
1999 while under undue influence, and he had declared them null and void on
that basis alone. As the judgment was not a finding as to Mdm Pang’s mental
capacity at that time (a person of sound mind could act under undue
influence), it cannot be a judgment _in rem_ , assuming that a judgment based
on a finding that a person did not have sufficient mental capacity to execute
a mortgage is a judgment _in rem_.

24 Moving on from there, it is also important to note that the third defendant
was not a party to that action. The issue before Woo JC was whether Mdm Pang
had signed the two wills when undue influence was exerted on her. The issue
was not whether Ms Yap was negligent in failing to discover that Mdm Pang was
under undue influence. The first defendants had succeeded without alleging
that Ms Yap was negligent. In theory, they would have succeeded even if Ms Yap
was not negligent because the undue influence may have been undetected even if
she had exercised due care. The nature of the second defendant’s alleged
culpability for exerting undue influence with regard to the mortgage and that
of the third defendant’s alleged culpability in negligence were different, and
they shared no common interest in that action.

25 Evidence was produced before me regarding the circumstances in which the
mortgage was executed. Ms Yap gave evidence, as well as Mr Loh Lim who
interpreted the documents to Mdm Pang before she executed them.

26 Against this background, there was really no basis for raising any estoppel
against the third defendant to prevent it from disputing that undue influence
was exerted, or from refuting that Ms Yap was negligent for not detecting it.

27 I therefore deal with the case on the footing that the earlier judgment
only bound the parties therein (the first defendants and the second
defendant), and not the plaintiff or the third defendant, and that the
allegations of of mental capacity and undue influence have to be dealt with by
the plaintiff and the third defendant as though they have been brought up for
the first time.

**The issues**

**_Did Mdm Pang have the mental capacity to execute the mortgage?_**

28 This is a matter for which medical evidence is necessary. In the earlier
action where the same issue was raised, the court heard the evidence of one
neurologist and two psychiatrists. Even then, Woo JC did not make a specific
finding on the issue.

29 No medical evidence was adduced before me. Counsel quoted to me Woo JC’s
judgment where he referred to the evidence. Following from my finding on the
onus of proof on each party and the effect of the earlier action on the
present proceedings, I find that there was no evidence before me on which I
can make a finding on Mdm Pang’s mental condition on 3 November 1999. The
first defendants’ defence, as pleaded, fails.

**_Was Mdm Pang under undue influence when she executed the mortgage?_**

30 When a person enters into a transaction, he may not be acting of his own
free will. He may have been affected by the unacceptable conduct of others.

31 When improper pressure or coercion, or influence or ascendancy is brought
to bear on a person to obtain an unfair advantage from him, equity offers him
relief.

32 In these circumstances, the person is said to have acted under undue
influence, and he can either apply to court to have the transaction declared
null and void, or he can elect to affirm it.

33 Undue influence can be established by direct proof or by presumption, see
_Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Aboody_ [1990] 1 QB 923 and
_Barclays Bank Plc v O’Brien_ [1994] 1 AC 180 (“ _O’Brien_ ”). In the first
situation where the party alleging undue influence has to prove it
affirmatively, the undue influence is referred to as Class 1 undue influence,
or actual undue influence. This can be done in any situation, but it has to be
proved.

34 The law also presumes undue influence in some situations. Presumed undue
influence, described as Class 2 undue influence, falls into two types, Class
2(A) and Class 2(B). Undue influence is presumed:

(a) where there is a legally recognised relationship of trust and confidence
or ascendancy between the complainant and the wrongdoer (_eg_ parent and
child, solicitor and client, medical adviser and patient), and the transaction
is not readily explicable by the relationship of the parties. This is Class
2(A) presumed undue influence; or

(b) where although there is no relationship of the type within sub-para (a)
above between the parties, there is a relationship of trust and confidence or
ascendancy and a similar inexplicability for the transaction. This is Class
2(B) presumed undue influence.

35 When a claim is made on the basis of the presumption, there must be proof
of the existence of the relationship. When a Class 2(A) or Class 2(B)
relationship is proved, and the transaction is not readily explicable, a
presumption arises that undue influence has been exerted. The presumption is
rebuttable. It only shifts the burden of proof to the alleged wrongdoer to
offer a proper explanation for the transaction.

36 The second defendant was Mdm Pang’s favourite son and enjoyed her trust and
confidence. He admitted in cross-examination:

Q: ... Is it not true that you were the apple of your mother’s eye, so to
speak?

A: Yes.

Q: You were the favourite son.

A: Yes.

Q: And the reason why your mother loved you best among the three sons, the
reasons were you ran the business after your father’s death; and you were the
one who showed the most concern for your mother, among your brothers.

A: Yes.[5]

37 He did not seek to rebut the presumption in the present action. He deposed
in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief:

Even if my mother was then under my undue influence (a matter I deny but which
I have to concede since I did not appeal against Judicial Commissioner Woo Bih
Li’s findings in High Court Suit 1072 of 2001/K, an action which the 1st
Defendants took against me in their capacity as the committee of my mother
[“the earlier suit”]) the obvious benefit which she obtained was that the
Kwangtung Provincial Bank loan was re-paid.[6]

38 He conceded, albeit only because he had not appealed against Woo JC’s
finding, that he had exerted undue influence on his mother. The grudging
concession was nevertheless made in clear terms. In his evidence from the
witness box, he said nothing that countered the presumption.

39 At the time the mortgage was executed, the parent-child relationship
between Mdm Pang and the second defendant had largely been reversed. Mdm Pang
was feeble through age and ill health whereas the second defendant was able
and energetic and was the only son who was close to her. She was staying with
him and his wife, and he managed the family business. She was illiterate[7]
whereas he knew English. She trusted him and was dependent on him. They were
in a Class 2(B) situation.

40 On these primary facts, the transaction was manifestly one-sided and not
readily explicable by the mother-son relationship. The onus was on the second
defendant to rebut the presumption that he had exerted undue influence on his
mother.

41 Ms Yap was aware of the relationship. Her counsel affirmed that “[i]t is
not in dispute that the evidence shows that Madam Pang placed much trust and
reliance on the Second Defendant”.[8] Ms Yap regarded Mdm Pang as an old lady
in her 70s who cannot read or write English and may not have formal
education.[9]

42 Ms Yap said in her evidence:

[F]rom day 1, this woman, this old lady came to the office, I never, never,
never thought that she was under any undue influence. If ever she was under
any undue influence, I would have stopped them and tell them to go away. I
never, never saw anything of undue influence. .. . His mother loves him. She
loves him. I could see in the twinkle of the eyes she really loves him and
when he spoke to me, he [_sic_] stroked his head. I could see. I know what
[it] is to love a son. I have children and I love my son very much because
somehow I could see in her she’s not under any duress. She’s not frightened.
She’s not, you know, afraid to speak. She may be old but she walks into the
office on her own, she can sit down and she can speak, you know, with us in
simple Hokkien, with my clerk and my secretary and myself. Never, never for
one moment did I sense any fear or hesitation on her part.[10]

and:

If I had sensed this woman is afraid or she is going, you know, sense of fear
in her face or actions or she’s not very willing to do something, I would have
stopped it.[11]

43 The mortgage Mdm Pang executed was clearly beneficial to the second
defendant and disadvantageous to her. She placed her property, the main asset
she had, to secure loans granted to the second defendant alone. There was no
agreement between them on the use and repayment of the loans; she did not
appear to have any say in these matters, except that $500,000 of the
facilities were earmarked to be used to discharge an earlier mortgage to
Kwangtung Provincial Bank.

44 I find on the evidence that Mdm Pang executed the mortgage under the undue
influence of the second defendant.

**Was Ms Yap negligent?**

45 Part of Ms Yap’s evidence is set out at [42] above. In her Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief, she recounted the events of 3 November 1999:

I then asked Madam Pang Jong Wan, who confirmed that she want [_sic_] to
proceed with the Mortgage to the Plaintiffs and also to make the new will
leaving the Property to the 2nd Defendant. I also asked her to confirm that
the purpose of the Mortgage was to secure a loan of $1.5 million for the 2nd
Defendant. Madam Pang Jong Wang agreed.[12]

and:

At this meeting, my firm had also arranged for one Loh Lim, a Court
Interpreter from the Subordinate Courts of Singapore to interpret the mortgage
documents and the will to Madam Pang Jong Wan in the Hainanese dialect.[13]

46 In her evidence, she admitted that when she dealt with the mortgage, she
realised that it was possible that undue influence might have been involved.
But she was thinking only of duress or coercion, and did not address her mind
to undue influence arising out of trust and confidence, where a person under
the influence may be happy and eager to do at the bidding of the party
exerting the influence.

47 When she took the restricted view of undue influence she would not (and did
not) take all the proper steps, as the solicitor acting for Mdm Pang and KTB,
to ensure that Mdm Pang was really acting or exerting her free will when she
executed the mortgage.

48 From her evidence, she took steps to ensure that Mdm Pang knew that she was
executing a mortgage to the bank to secure her son’s borrowings, but she did
nothing to ensure, in the face of the obvious disadvantage that the
transaction had for Mdm Pang without any countervailing compensation, that Mdm
Pang was really acting on her own free will.

49 She did not have a private person-to-person consultation with Mdm Pang to
ensure that she was acting on her own volition and that no undue influence had
been brought to bear on her by the second defendant or anyone else. To the
contrary, the second defendant was always present when she spoke with Mdm
Pang. This was particularly unsatisfactory when she recognised at that time
that there might have been undue influence.[14]

50 It must be apparent to a prudent solicitor that particular care must be
taken when something as sensitive as undue influence by someone close to the
client, is being probed. That would at all times be a difficult task, and it
would be impossible to do this properly in the presence of the interested
party.

51 In _O’Brien_ ([33] _supra_), where the wife executed a mortgage over the
matrimonial house to secure a loan to the husband’s company, Lord Browne-
Wilkinson held that the mortgagee bank should have required the wife to attend
a private meeting (in the absence of the husband) with a representative of the
bank, and that she should have been told of the extent of her liability as
surety, warned of the risk she was running and urged to take independent legal
advice.

52 In _Royal Bank of Scotland Plc v Etridge (No 2)_ [2002] 2 AC 773 (“
_Etridge_ ”), Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead was of the view that banks should
not be required to undertake the exercise through their own officers, and that
it was preferable for the task to be undertaken by an independent legal
adviser acting for the wife. His Lordship shared Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s view
that the solicitor’s discussion should take place at a face-to-face meeting in
the absence of the husband. He identified four matters the solicitor had to
cover as the core minimum: (a) explain the nature of the documents and the
practical consequences they would have on the wife if she signed them, (b)
point out to her the seriousness of the risks involved, (c) state clearly that
the wife had a choice whether or not to sign the documents, and (d) check if
she wished to proceed.

53 Those findings do not apply directly to our case because (a) the decision
is not binding in Singapore, (b) in Singapore the mortgagee, mortgagor and
surety can be represented by the same solicitor, and (c) we are not dealing
with a spousal relationship or a matrimonial home.

54 Nevertheless, I find that a solicitor in the position of Ms Yap who is
acting for a client like Mdm Pang should have had a private meeting with her,
should have explained the risks and liabilities she would be exposed to, and
should have advised her that she had the right not to proceed with the
transaction.

55 Ms Yap’s own account of her dealings with Mdm Pang fell short of that. The
manner in which the documents were explained to Mdm Pang before she executed
them was also unsatisfactory. Ms Yap had arranged for a Hainanese interpreter,
Mr Loh Lim, to be present. She handed him the documents and left him to
explain them to Mdm Pang, without any input from her. This was not sufficient.
She should have explained the meaning and effect of the documents to Mdm Pang
in a way that a lay person like Mdm Pang can understand, and have Mr Loh
interpret that into Hainanese to Mdm Pang. When a solicitor advises a client
on a document, that is not accomplished by just reading it to the client. The
documents must be explained in a manner the client can understand, and if the
client has any queries, further explanation should be given. The situation was
not helped by the fact that Mr Loh admitted that he did not fully understand
the documents himself.

56 Consequently, I find that Ms Yap had not taken due care when she attended
on Mdm Pang on 3 November 1999 for the execution of the mortgage.

57 The mortgage executed in these circumstances was voidable. Mdm Pang, or the
first defendants when they were appointed her committee, had the option to
affirm or avoid it.

**Was the mortgage affirmed?**

58 After they found out about Mdm Pang’s two wills and the mortgage, the first
defendants instituted the earlier action against the second defendant.

59 In that action, the first defendants showed that they were aware that the
wills and the mortgage were not void, but were voidable. Further, in the
earlier action they filed on 23 August 2001, they sought to have the wills
declared void, but they did not seek a similar declaration for the mortgage.
Instead, they wanted the second defendant to discharge the mortgage. By taking
that position they were asserting that there was an existing mortgage to be
discharged. They did not take any action to avoid the mortgage till they filed
their counterclaim in this action on 30 May 2003, 21 months later.

60 The first decision to avoid the wills, and later decision to avoid the
mortgage, are remarkably similar in material respects to the facts in _Allcard
v Skinner_ (1887) 36 Ch D 145, a leading case on undue influence and
affirmation. In that case, the plaintiff joined a religious order and became a
sister. While she was with the order, she made a will wherein she left her
whole estate to the sisterhood and she also made gifts of large sums of money
to it. Subsequently, she left the sisterhood. A year after that, she asked for
the return of her will, and another four years later, she asked for the return
of the money. Her action to recover the money was dismissed. When it went on
appeal to the Court of Appeal, it was dismissed in a majority decision.
Although the three appellate judges found the plaintiff was under undue
influence, the majority held that by asking for her will and not seeking to
avoid the gifts at the same time, she had ratified or confirmed the gifts, or,
in the terminology of the present case, affirmed them.

61 Similarly, by their actions, the first defendants must be taken to have
affirmed the mortgage.

**Consequence of the affirmation**

62 By the affirmation, the first defendants’ defence and counterclaim must
fail.

63 The plaintiff’s claim that the third defendant was negligent is
established, but its claim for substantive relief fails because its rights
under the mortgage remained intact when the mortgage was affirmed.
Consequently, it is only entitled to nominal damages against the third
defendant.

**Negligence on the part of the plaintiff**

64 With my finding that the mortgage was affirmed, there is strictly no
necessity to consider the third defendant’s allegation of negligence against
the plaintiff. However, as the plea touches on the duties of a mortgagee bank,
I will address it.

65 The plea as set out in [16] hereof was that the plaintiff’s officers did
not meet Mdm Pang, and had relied on information provided by the second
defendant.

66 When counsel for the third defendant applied to amend the Defence and
Counterclaim to include this plea, he referred to _Etridge_ ([52] _supra_),
particularly to Lord Nicholls’ judgment at [50]–[57] which dealt with the
steps a bank should take when it is put on inquiry regarding undue influence.

67 However, Lord Nicholls observed at [51] that the practice of banks
generally is not to have a private meeting with the wife, and he continued at
[53] and [54]:

[I]t is plainly neither desirable nor practicable that banks should be
required to attempt to discover for themselves whether a wife’s consent is
being procured by the exercise of undue influence of her husband. This is not
a step the banks should be expected to take. Nor, further, is it desirable or
practicable that banks should be expected to insist on confirmation from a
solicitor that the solicitor has satisfied himself that the wife’s consent has
not been procured by undue influence. As already noted, the circumstances in
which banks are put on inquiry are extremely wide. They embrace every case
where a wife is entering into a suretyship transaction in respect of her
husband’s debts. Many, if not most, wives would be understandably outraged by
having to respond to the sort of questioning which would be appropriate before
a responsible solicitor could give such a confirmation. In any event,
solicitors are not equipped to carry out such an exercise in any really
worthwhile way, and they will usually lack the necessary materials. Moreover,
the legal costs involved, which would inevitably fall on the husband who is
seeking financial assistance from the bank, would be substantial. To require
such an intrusive, inconclusive and expensive exercise in every case would be
an altogether disproportionate response to the need to protect those cases,
presumably a small minority, where a wife is being wronged.

The furthest a bank can be expected to go is to take reasonable steps to
satisfy itself that the wife has had brought home to her, in a meaningful way,
the practical implications of the proposed transaction. This does not wholly
eliminate the risk of undue influence or misrepresentation. But it does mean
that a wife enters into a transaction with her eyes open so far as the basic
elements of the transaction are concerned.

and at [55] and [56]:

... A bank may itself provide the necessary information directly to the wife.
Indeed, it is best equipped to do so. But banks are not following that course.
Ought they to be obliged to do so in every case? I do not think Lord Browne-
Wilkinson so stated in _O’Brien_. I do not understand him to have said that a
personal meeting was the only way a bank could discharge its obligation to
bring home to the wife the risks she is running. It seems to me that, provided
a suitable alternative is available, banks ought not to be compelled to take
this course. Their reasons for not wishing to hold a personal meeting are
understandable. Commonly, when a bank seeks to enforce a security provided by
a customer, it is met with a defence based on assurances alleged to have been
given orally by a branch manager at an earlier stage: that the bank would
continue to support the business, that the bank would not call in its loan,
and so forth. Lengthy litigation ensues. Sometimes the allegations prove to be
well founded, sometimes not. Banks are concerned to avoid the prospect of
similar litigation which would arise in guarantee cases if they were to adopt
a practice of holding a meeting with a wife at which the bank’s representative
would explain the proposed guarantee transaction. It is not unreasonable for
the banks to prefer that this task should be undertaken by an independent
legal adviser.

... Ordinarily it will be reasonable that a bank should be able to rely upon
confirmation from a solicitor, acting for the wife, that he has advised the
wife appropriately.

68 I agree with these observations. Where there are solicitors acting, a bank
should rely on the solicitors, and not rely on its own officers. When the same
solicitor acts for all the parties in a mortgage, the bank is entitled to rely
on that solicitor.

69 There is, in any event, an underlying contradiction in the allegation of
negligence. I do not understand the third defendant to dispute that Ms Yap’s
duty was to explain the mortgage to Mdm Pang and to ensure that she really
understood the risks and liabilities involved and that she accepted them on
her own free will. The third defendant cannot complain that the plaintiff was
negligent for not doing through its officers something which the plaintiff had
instructed the third defendant to do on its behalf.

**Conclusion**

70 The plaintiff will have judgment against the first defendants and second
defendant in terms of its pleaded claims for delivery of possession of the
Property by the first defendants, for the sale of the Property, repayment of
the loans with the contractual interest, as well as costs on an indemnity
basis.

71 I order the third defendant to pay to the plaintiff nominal damages of $200
as well as costs on the Subordinate Courts scale.

72 The parties shall have liberty to apply if there is any need for
clarification of the orders.

  

* * *

[1]Amended Defence and Counterclaim of the first defendants, para 5.

[2]Defence of the second defendant, para 5.

[3]Defence of the third defendants, para 3(n)

[4]Amended Defence of the third defendants, para 11A

[5]Notes of Evidence page 342

[6]AEIC of second defendant, para 11.

[7]Notes of Evidence page 448

[8]Third defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 92

[9]Notes of Evidence pages 654, 658

[10]Notes of Evidence page 590

[11]Notes of Evidence page 592

[12]AEIC of Annie Yap, para 21.

[13]AEIC of Annie Yap, para 23.

[14]Notes of Evidence pages 641-642

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

