Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## C S Geotechnic Pte Ltd v Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 116

Case Number | : | Suit 368/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chia Chor Leong and Leila Ashraf (CitiLegal LLC) for the plaintiff; Mirza Namazie, Tan Teng Muan and Wong Khai Leng (Mallal and Namazie) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  C S Geotechnic Pte Ltd — Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Assignment – Plaintiff claiming for outstanding payments under
contract with defendant – Defendant purporting to assign contractual rights
and liabilities to third party – Whether valid assignment of contractual
burden – Whether plaintiff consenting to assignment  
  
Contract – Formation – Parties to contract – Whether third party or defendant
was true party to contract with plaintiff  
  
Equity – Estoppel – Estoppel by convention – Defendant allegedly giving notice
to plaintiff of assignment of contract to third party – Whether plaintiff
clearly and unequivocally consenting to assignment – Whether defence of
estoppel applied  
  

30 June 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, C S Geotechnic Pte Ltd (“Geotechnic”), entered into a
building subcontract for piling work with the defendant, Neocorp Innovations
Pte Ltd (“NIPL”), who represented in the said contract that it was the main
contractor at a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) upgrading project at
Marine Crescent Precinct (the “building project”). Geotechnic sued NIPL for
unpaid sums due to it under the said subcontract. NIPL denied liability on the
ground that it had assigned the subcontract to another company, Neo
Corporation Pte Ltd (“Neo Corporation”), against whom a winding-up order was
made in February 2005.

**Background**

2 In April 2002, the HDB awarded Neo Corporation the main contractor’s job for
the building project.

3 Neo Corporation approached Geotechnic to carry out the piling work required
in the building project. However, it was NIPL and not Neo Corporation, who
signed the piling subcontract that was awarded to Geotechnic in July 2002. The
reason for this was that Neo Corporation’s parent company, Neo Investments Pte
Ltd (“Neo Investments”), was then involved in a reverse takeover of a public-
listed company, Presscrete Holdings Ltd (“Presscrete”), now known as Neocorp
International Ltd. The takeover arrangements included the transfer of Neo
Corporation’s assets and building contracts to NIPL, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Presscrete. In turn, through the issue of shares in NIPL and Presscrete,
Neo Investments would acquire control of Presscrete.

4 The original plan for the transfer of building contracts from Neo
Corporation to NIPL included the main building contract for the building
project. Before the transfer of this contract was effected, NIPL took charge
of the building project and awarded subcontracts to several subcontractors,
including Geotechnic.

5 Subsequently, there was a change of mind regarding the transfer of the
building project to NIPL because it was forecast that the main contractor for
this project was likely to make a loss. In its circular to shareholders,
Presscrete stated as follows:

The Marine Crescent Precinct Project with a contract value of approximately
$18.0 million and which was secured after the date of the Neo MOU was to have
been novated or assigned to NIPL under the Acquisition Agreement. However,
having considered the negative forecast margin for the contract, the Directors
are of the opinion that it is in the best interests of the Group that the
Marine Parade Crescent Precinct Project is not novated or assigned to the
Company as provided for under the Acquisition Agreement.

6 Following the decision that NIPL would not take over the building project,
arrangements were made by NIPL to disengage itself from the piling subcontract
with Geotechnic. These attempts and Geotechnic’s subsequent response left much
to be desired and led to the present action.

7 NIPL asserted that it assigned all its rights and obligations under its
piling subcontract with Geotechnic to Neo Corporation on 7 January 2003. It
also claimed to have given notice to Geotechnic of the said assignment in a
letter dated 8 January 2003. That letter was so badly drafted and vague that
Geotechnic claimed to have understood it as saying that Neo Corporation would
be acting as NIPL’s agent and that all future progress payment claims were to
be addressed to Neo Corporation.

8 After 8 January 2003, Geotechnic addressed many of its letters and claims
for progress payments to both NIPL and Neo Corporation. Geotechnic claimed
that this showed that it did not agree to any assignment to Neo Corporation of
NIPL’s obligations under the piling subcontract.

9 Neo Corporation went into judicial management on 5 May 2004 and an order to
wind up this company was made on 18 February 2005. Faced with this, Geotechnic
insisted that NIPL should shoulder the responsibility of paying the amounts
due to it under the piling subcontract. When NIPL refused to do so, Geotechnic
instituted the present proceedings to claim the money purportedly owed to it.

**Geotechnic’s claim and NIPL’s defence**

10 Geotechnic’s case is that it did not release NIPL from the piling
subcontract and was thus entitled to claim from the latter the amount still
due to it under that contract.

11 NIPL mounted a three-pronged defence against Geotechnic’s claim. First, it
insisted that Neo Corporation and not NIPL was the “real party” to the piling
subcontract with Geotechnic. Secondly, it asserted that it had assigned the
contract in question to Neo Corporation in January 2003 and that Geotechnic
had consented to this assignment. Thirdly, NIPL alleged that Geotechnic was
estopped by its actions from denying that the said contract had been assigned
to Neo Corporation.

12 Geotechnic responded to NIPL’s defences by pointing out that NIPL was a
real party to the piling subcontract, that it had not consented to the
assignment of NIPL’s obligations under the said contract to Neo Corporation
and that it had not acted in a way that prevented it from insisting that NIPL
perform its obligations under the piling subcontract.

13 Geotechnic also asserted that NIPL was not entitled to rely on estoppel as
it did not come to court with clean hands. NIPL knew, when it decided to
assign the piling subcontract to Neo Corporation, that the latter had been
stripped of its profitable building projects and key personnel and that the
building project was kept in Neo Corporation’s hand only because the main
contractor in that project was expected to make a loss. Geotechnic submitted
that, stripped of its assets and key personnel and saddled with a building
project that was bound to make a loss, it was not surprising that Neo
Corporation collapsed.

14 Geotechnic urged the court to note that NIPL continued to provide services
and other facilities for the building project to Neo Corporation after the
purported assignment of the piling subcontract on 7 January 2003. NIPL’s
project director, Mr Quek Bak Hong, remained a part of the project team and
NIPL had furthermore charged Neo Corporation for its services. Geotechnic
alleged that NIPL stole a march on the subcontractors in the building project
by making itself a secured creditor of Neo Corporation for the sum of almost
$1.5m. Geotechnic’s counsel summed up the position as follows:

The net result is that when Neo Corporation went into judicial management, …
subcontractors were left high and dry. These subcontractors became unsecured
creditors, whilst [NIPL] enjoyed priority as a secured creditor.

15 It was thus argued that if all the circumstances of the case are taken into
account, it is inequitable for NIPL to avoid liability under the piling
subcontract on the ground of estoppel.

**Whether NIPL was a real party to the subcontract with Geotechnic**

16 NIPL’s claim that it was not a real party to the subcontract with
Geotechnic will first be considered. In para 2 of its Re-Amended Defence, NIPL
pleaded as follows:

[NIPL] plead[s] that the true contracting parties of the agreement were
[Geotechnic] and [Neo Corporation] and that [NIPL was] not a real party to the
same. [NIPL] also plead[s] that [Geotechnic was] aware that the real party to
the agreement was [Neo Corporation] and not [NIPL].

17 Why NIPL took the line that it was not a real party to the piling
subcontract cannot be fathomed. After all, as NIPL intended at the material
time to take over the building project from Neo Corporation, it went so far as
to misrepresent in the piling subcontract that it was already the main
contractor for the said project even though that contract had not yet been
assigned to it. Furthermore, NIPL took actual control of the said project.
When cross-examined, NIPL’s director, Mr Liew Choon Min, confirmed this as he
said as follows:

Q. [NIPL] had engaged subcontractors for the Marine Crescent project. Do you
agree that up to … 7 January 2003, [NIPL] had already been undertaking this
Marine Crescent project?

A. Yes.

18 Mr Liew admitted that his contracts department thought that it would save
time and energy if NIPL, and not Neo Corporation, entered into the
subcontracts required for the building project. As for whether NIPL intended
to engage Geotechnic as its subcontractor, Mr Liew conceded as follows during
cross-examination:

Q. Therefore, do you not agree that when this subcontract was signed on 23rd
August 2002, there was in fact an intention on the part of [NIPL] to engage
[Geotechnic] as its subcontractor for piling works? ….

A. Yes.

19 In view of the aforesaid, NIPL’s claim that it was not a true party to the
piling contract with Geotechnic must be rejected.

**Whether Geotechnic consented to the assignment to Neo Corporation**

20 NIPL’s next line of defence was that it had assigned its rights and
obligations under its piling subcontract with Geotechnic to Neo Corporation in
a letter dated 7 January 2003, which was as follows:

We refer to Housing & Development Board’s letter of award given on 29 April
2002 to you as main contractors for HDB upgrading to blocks 43 to 47 at Marine
Crescent Precinct. …

As agreed, we assign to you all our rights and responsibilities in all sub-
contracts we have entered into with the sub-contractors for the above works.
This is on the condition that you shall take over the benefits of these sub-
contracts as well as be responsible for performing all obligations including
payments to the sub-contractors.

21 At the bottom of the same letter, Neo Corporation acknowledged as follows:

We, NEO CORPORATION PTE LTD accept the transfer and assignment. We confirm
that we are responsible for the discharge of all obligations under the Sub-
Contracts.

22 NIPL’s assertion that it had effectively assigned its rights and
obligations under its piling subcontract with Geotechnic to Neo Corporation is
fraught with difficulty. Although NIPL pointed out that Neo Corporation’s
liquidator had confirmed that the latter was the main contractor of the
building project and that the retention sum for the piling subcontract was in
Neo Corporation’s hands, an assignment of contractual burdens by NIPL to Neo
Corporation is, without more, not binding on Geotechnic if Geotechnic did not
consent to it. In _Tolhurst v The Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers
(1900) Ltd_ [1902] 2 KB 660 at 668, Collins MR explained:

It is, I think, quite clear that neither at law nor in equity could the burden
of a contract be shifted off the shoulders of a contractor on to those of
another without the consent of the contractee. A debtor cannot relieve himself
of his liability to his creditor by assigning the burden of the obligation to
someone else; this can only be brought about by the consent of all three, and
involves the release of the original debtor …

23 NIPL’s contention that the assignment was done with Geotechnic’s consent
cannot be taken seriously as there was no evidence whatsoever of any express
or implied consent at the material time.

**Whether there was estoppel**

24 As has been mentioned, NIPL’s third line of defence was that Geotechnic is
estopped from complaining about the assignment because both parties acted on
the basis that NIPL’s rights and obligations under the piling subcontract had
been assigned to Neo Corporation. Its counsel put its case in para 51 of his
written submissions as follows:

There is … a clear course of dealing in which there was a common assumption
that [Geotechnic] would look to [Neo Corporation] for payment. In fact, no
fewer than 5 letters were written by [Geotechnic] chasing for payment from
[Neo Corporation] alone in respect of the Project. [Geotechnic] even then saw
fit to enter into instalment arrangements with [Neo Corporation] and also to
vary payment terms with [Neo Corporation]. This would be tantamount to … going
into a new contractual relationship with [Neo Corporation] on fresh terms. For
[Geotechnic] now to turn back and look to [NIPL] for payment is clearly
inequitable and unacceptable when [NIPL] were not consulted on or apprised of
all these new terms and conditions.

25 More specifically, NIPL relied on estoppel by convention and estoppel by
acquiescence. Its counsel referred to _Amalgamated Investment & Property Co
Ltd v Texas Commerce International Bank Ltd_ [1982] QB 84 and the decision of
the Court of Appeal in _Yongnam Development Pte Ltd v Somerset Development Pte
Ltd_ [2004] SGCA 35.

26 NIPL relied primarily on the fact that after its letter of 8 January 2003
to Geotechnic, the latter submitted progress payment claims to Neo
Corporation. Geotechnic retorted that the record shows that it had played safe
by forwarding to both NIPL and Neo Corporation some of its claims for progress
payments and some of its other concerns regarding the building project.

27 For there to be estoppel, the words or conduct relied on must be clear and
unequivocal. In the present case, all parties involved were at fault for not
making the position clearer. The problem stemmed from the wording of NIPL’s
letter of 8 January 2003 to Geotechnic, which was supposed to be a notice of
the assignment of its contractual rights and liabilities under the piling
subcontract to Neo Corporation. This very badly drafted letter, which was
signed by NIPL’s project director, Mr Quek Bak Hong, should have been on
NIPL’s own letterhead but it was on Neo Corporation’s letterhead instead. It
was as follows:

We refer to our sub-contract Agreement/Letter of Award to you dated 2nd July
2002.

Please be informed that the project for the caption shall be under [Neo
Corporation] and not [NIPL].

The sub-contract that we have entered shall be valid and binding. The terms
and conditions shall remain unchanged.

All future progress claims & correspondence shall address to [Neo
Corporation].

28 Geotechnic pointed out that when it received NIPL’s letter of 8 January
2003, the position was rather confusing because at around the same time, Neo
Corporation sent an undated letter to subcontractors on the building project,
which was as follows:

TRANSFER OF OPERATIONS FOR VARIOUS PROJECTS

As reported in the public media, the parent of [Neo Corporation], [Neo
Investments], is undertaking a reverse takeover of [Presscrete]. In the
exercise, [Neo Investments] is required to inject the main contracting
businesses and new projects of [Neo Corporation] into a subsidiary, [NIPL].

We would like to inform you that the operations of the following projects
undertaken by [Neo Corporation] had been transferred to [NIPL]:

1. Punggol Primary School

2. Tampines North Primary School

3. Catholic High School

4. PUB Tunnel Sewerage @ Kolam Ayer

5. and any other projects awarded thereafter.

….

Kindly direct all future correspondence for these projects to [NIPL].

29 No concrete evidence was tendered to counter Geotechnic’s claim that it
received Neo Corporation’s undated letter. Geotechnic pointed out that the
reference to “any other projects awarded thereafter” in Neo Corporation’s
undated letter referred to projects awarded to Neo Corporation after the award
of the four mentioned projects and that this category included the building
project. NIPL’s director, Liew, who accepted that Neo Corporation’s undated
letter was sent out at “about the same time” as NIPL’s letter of 8 January
2003, testified as follows during cross-examination:

Q. Therefore we have one letter on 8th January 2003 from Neo Corporation to
subcontractors saying that the project shall be under Neo Corporation and not
[NIPL], and it says all future claims and correspondence shall be addressed to
Neo Corporation. Then you have another letter at about the same time to the
same subcontractors telling them about the transfer of operations and telling
them that they would be under [NIPL] and asking them to direct all future
correspondence to [NIPL]. Do you agree?

A. Yes.

30 Geotechnic’s counsel asserted that, given the contradictions between NIPL’s
letter of 8 January 2003 and Neo Corporation’s undated letter, the former
letter could not be construed as a notice of assignment. In fact, faced with
these confusing letters, his client understood and treated NIPL’s letter of 8
January 2003 as a notice that Neo Corporation would be managing the building
project and the piling subcontract on NIPL’s behalf and that future claims for
progress payments should be forwarded to Neo Corporation. That being the case,
NIPL should not be surprised that Geotechnic forwarded its claims for progress
payments to Neo Corporation.

31 Geotechnic pointed out that it should not be overlooked that after 8
January 2003, it addressed many of its grievances regarding non-payment of
money and other matters to both NIPL and Neo Corporation. For instance, on 13
January 2003, just five days after the letter of 8 January 2003, Geotechnic
wrote a letter to both NIPL and Neo Corporation. One of the purposes of this
letter, which was marked for the attention of NIPL’s project director, Quek,
was to request for payment for work done in the building project. In the
second part of this letter, Geotechnic stated as follows:

As you know, we are carrying out your Marine Crescent job and there is a
shortage of operators in market, we hope you will reciprocate with a prompt
response to this reminder.

32 Geotechnic’s counsel argued with some force that his client’s letter of 13
January 2003 made it plain that NIPL was still regarded as the real party to
the Marine Crescent piling subcontract.

33 On 19 March 2003, Geotechnic again wrote to both NIPL and Neo Corporation.
In this letter, Geotechnic stated as follows:

In the interim, we request you to fix an immediate meeting with Dr Neo with
our CEO, Mr Poh Chee Kuan, to address these issues and to further nurture our
mutual good working relationship.

34 The letter of 19 March 2003 was expressly marked for the attention of Dr
Ronald Neo, Mr Neo Tiong Kang and Quek. Dr Neo, whom Geotechnic’s chief
executive officer, Mr Poh, wanted to meet, was then NIPL’s managing director,
while Mr Neo Tiong Kang was the person who signed the piling subcontract with
Geotechnic on NIPL’s behalf. As for Quek, he was, as has been mentioned,
NIPL’s project director. When cross-examined, NIPL’s director, Liew, admitted
as follows:

Q. Do you agree that this letter relates to payments under the sub-contract?

A. Yes

Q. So in this letter of 19th March 2003, … addressed … to both [Neo
Corporation] and [NIPL] but marked for the attention of [NIPL’s] directors,
don’t you agree [that Geotechnic] asked for a meeting with [NIPL’s] managing
director, do you agree?

A. Yes.

35 Another letter written on 25 March 2003 in relation to progress payments
was addressed to both Neo Corporation and NIPL. This letter was copied to Quek
and evidence was tendered that it was read by both Quek and NIPL’s director,
Neo Tiong Kang. Again, on 7 May 2003, when Geotechnic addressed a letter to
Neo Corporation requesting payment, that letter was marked for the attention
of Quek and a copy of the letter was forwarded by Geotechnic to Neo Tiong
Kang, who read it and placed his initials on the letter.

36 On 1 March 2004, Geotechnic again addressed a letter to both NIPL and Neo
Corporation but the letter was expressly marked for the attention of Quek and
Neo Tiong Kang. On the letter was a handwritten note from Geotechnic’s CEO to
NIPL’s managing director, Dr Roland Neo, which was as follows:

Dr Neo,

I called you but not available.

I think we [should] meet to help solve the payment issue amicably.

[Signed]

Poh CK

37 What merits attention is that although NIPL knew that Geotechnic was
addressing or copying letters to it and was seeking a meeting with its
managing director, its silence was deafening. Neither NIPL nor Neo Corporation
sent any letter to point out that NIPL was no longer responsible for the
performance of obligations under the piling subcontract or to ask Geotechnic
not to send any more letters to NIPL regarding the Marine Crescent Project.
Although NIPL pleaded in its Re-Amended Defence that whenever it found out
about any correspondence or documents which were wrongly addressed to it by
Geotechnic, it requested Geotechnic to re-direct or re-issue the
correspondence or document to Neo Corporation, NIPL’s director, Liew admitted
as follows during cross-examination:

Q. [W]as there any … letter that either Neo Corporation or [NIPL] had written
to [Geotechnic] to say, “Do not write to [NIPL] anymore ?

A. No.

Q. When demands for payment were made with reference to the subcontract
agreement, was there any letter from [NIPL] to [Geotechnic] to say, “Hey chum,
by the way, we are not the one liable.”

A. No.

38 It follows that there was insufficient evidence of estoppel by convention
or any other type of estoppel. There is thus no need for me to consider
Geotechnic’s assertion that NIPL should be barred from relying on estoppel
because they came to court with unclean hands.

**Conclusion**

39 To sum up, as NIPL did not obtain Geotechnic’s consent for the transfer of
its obligations under the piling subcontract for the Marine Crescent building
project to Neo Corporation and as its assertion regarding estoppel did not
rest on solid ground, Geotechnic is entitled to look towards NIPL for
outstanding payments due to it under the piling subcontract. The amount due to
Geotechnic will be assessed by the Registrar.

40 Geotechnic is entitled to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

