Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Ong Lilian  
[2005] SGHC 187

Case Number | : | OS 244/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Aziz Tayabali (Aziz Tayabali and Associates) for the applicant; The respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Ong Lilian   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Show cause action – Advocate and
solicitor of 31 years' standing convicted of theft in dwelling – Whether
advocate & solicitor unfit for legal profession – Whether offence not done in
capacity as lawyer relevant – Whether appropriate for court to grant
application – Appropriate penalty – Section 83(1), 83(2)(a), 94A & 98(1) Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

30 September 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
under s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) that
the respondent, Lilian Ong, an advocate and solicitor, be required to show
cause arising from her conviction in a court of law of one count of theft in a
dwelling place, punishable under s 380 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) and for which she was sentenced to imprisonment for four weeks.

**The facts**

2 The respondent was admitted as an advocate and solicitor on 16 January 1974.
At the material time, she was practising under the style of M/s Lilian Ong &
Associates.

3 On 14 March 2000, at about 5.15pm, at the Tangs department store at Orchard
Road, Singapore (“the Store”), the respondent was observed to be behaving
suspiciously by a security officer of the Store. She was then at the basement
level and was observed to have placed two cheese slicers into her handbag. She
then picked up a kettle and wrapped it with a pink sweater, exposing the
bottom of the kettle. Subsequently, she walked briskly out of the Store
towards the underpass. Soon thereafter, she was stopped by the security
officer. The total value of the items taken amounted to $179.80.

4 The respondent claimed trial to the charge of theft brought against her
under s 380 of the Penal Code. Her defence was that she did not intend to
steal the items and that she just inadvertently stepped out of the Store while
talking on the handphone to her son. She claimed that she suffered from loss
of memory and concentration due to depression and sudden cessation of
medication, and did not remember leaving the Store. On 31 May 2001, the
district judge rejected her evidence and convicted her on the charge. On 4
June 2001, the respondent was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment. On the
appeal of the Public Prosecutor, this sentence was, on 30 October 2001,
enhanced by the High Court to four weeks.

**Show cause**

5 On 16 March 2005, on the application of the Law Society, an order of court
was obtained, pursuant to ss 94A and 98(1) of the LPA, requiring the
respondent to show cause. Section 94A(1) provides that “where an advocate and
solicitor has been convicted of an offence involving fraud or dishonesty, …
the Society shall, without further direction or directions, proceed to make an
application in accordance with section 98”. There can be no doubt that a
conviction for an offence under s 380 of the Penal Code involved dishonesty,
as dishonesty is an essential ingredient of the offence.

6 Section 83(1) of the LPA provides that on due cause being shown, the
advocate and solicitor shall be liable to be “struck off the roll or suspended
from practice for any period not exceeding 5 years or censured”. Under s
83(2)(_a_), due cause may be shown by proof that the advocate and solicitor
has been convicted of a criminal offence “implying a defect of character which
makes him unfit for his profession”. By virtue of s 83(6) of the LPA, the
respondent’s conviction must be accepted as “final and conclusive” and may not
be opened to question: _eg_ , see _Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian
Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168 (“ _Tham Yu Xian Rick_ ”) at [12]. On the facts of the
present case, there can be no gainsaying that the respondent, having been
convicted of an offence involving dishonesty, showed a defect of character
which renders her unfit for an honourable profession.

7 A case which is almost on all fours with the present is _Law Society of
Singapore v Amdad Hussein Lawrence_ [2000] 4 SLR 88 (“ _Hussein Lawrence_ ”).
The respondent there was convicted, following his plea of guilt, of having
committed theft of several items from a supermarket of a total value of
$478.50 and was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. Except for the
difference in the value of the items taken and the imprisonment term, the
nature of the offences in _Hussein Lawrence_ and the present case are
identical. There, this court held that the conviction implied a defect of
character which rendered him unfit for the profession and ordered that he be
struck off the roll. The court also held that the fact that the offence was
not committed by the respondent in his capacity as a solicitor was wholly
irrelevant: see [9] and [14] of the judgment in the case, reaffirming a point
made in earlier decisions, _eg_ , _Law Society of Singapore v Wee Wei Fen_
[2000] 1 SLR 234 (“ _Wee Wei Fen_ ”) at [28].

**Penalty to be imposed**

8 What remains is the question of the appropriate penalty to be imposed on the
respondent. We ought to mention that the respondent here chose not to appear
to show cause. Numerous attempts at serving the papers relating to these
proceedings on the respondent personally at her various known addresses proved
unsuccessful. Eventually, an order of court was obtained to effect service by
substituted service by an advertisement in _The Straits Times_ and by posting
the relevant documents on the notice board of this court.

9 This court had in numerous cases declared that the disciplinary powers under
s 83 of the LPA serve three distinct objects: see _Tham Yu Xian Rick_ ([6]
_supra_), _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696 (“
_Ravindra Samuel_ ”), _Law Society of Singapore v Lau See-Jin Jeffrey_ [1999]
2 SLR 215 and _Hussein Lawrence_ ([7] _supra_). The first is to punish the
errant solicitor for his misconduct. The second is to deter other like-minded
solicitors from similar defaults in the future. The third is to protect public
confidence in the administration of justice. In particular, we would reiterate
the following _dictum_ made by this court in _Ravindra Samuel_ at [12]–[13]
which emphasised the utmost importance of honesty and integrity in the legal
profession:

The administration of justice can only proceed on the basis that solicitors
can place reliance upon the honesty of the solicitors with whom they deal. The
public too must be able to repose confidence in the profession which plays so
indispensable a part in the administration of justice. Similarly, the courts
of this country must be able to depend on the honesty and integrity of all
practitioners appearing before them and to expect that they will maintain the
highest standards of personal honesty and integrity in their dealings with the
courts.

There is therefore a serious responsibility on the court, a duty to itself, to
the rest of the profession and to the whole of the community, to be careful
not to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
practice [_sic_] as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily
establish his right to those credentials. In the end therefore, the question
to be determined is whether the solicitor in question is a fit and proper
person to be an advocate and solicitor of the court, and the orders to be made
are to be directed to ensuring that, to the extent that he is not, his
practice is restricted.

10 In _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR 512, Sir Thomas Bingham MR said that
in cases of proven dishonesty, the court would almost invariably, no matter
how strong the mitigation advanced by the solicitor, order that he be struck
off the roll. This approach was adopted by this court in _Ravindra Samuel_
where we declared that (at [15]) that “where a solicitor has acted
dishonestly, the court will order that he be struck off the roll”.

11 We recognise that the total value of the items which the respondent stole
in the present case was not large and she was only sentenced to four weeks’
imprisonment. While the penalty imposed by the criminal court is a relevant
consideration (see _Wee Wei Fen_ [7] _supra_ at [32]), and would go to show
how gravely the trial court viewed the offence, it is not determinative of how
a disciplinary body, like this court, should view the misconduct, especially
where dishonesty was clearly present. In our opinion, the following passage
from _Wee Wei Fen_ at [39] is an accurate reflection of the position:

[I]n a case where the court is bound to consider the appropriate order to be
made in respect of an advocate and solicitor convicted of a criminal offence –
particularly one involving dishonesty – the paramount considerations must be
that of the protection of the public and the preservation of the good name of
the profession. Certainly the court will give its consideration to the
mitigating circumstances in each individual case but it can do so only so far
as is consistent with the above two related objectives: see _Re Knight Glenn
Jeyasingam_ , supra at p 537. In _Tham Yu Xian Rick_ , we held, following
_Bolton v Law Society_ , supra at p 492, that considerations which ordinarily
weigh in mitigation of punishment have less effect on the exercise of the
disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences imposed in criminal cases as show
cause proceedings are primarily civil and not punitive in nature. In any case,
the weight to be attached to a plea in mitigation in disciplinary proceedings
is negligible where the case is one involving proven dishonesty, as striking
off will often be the consequence as a matter of course.

12 Unlike in _Hussein Lawrence_ , where the respondent expressed his remorse
for bringing the profession into disrepute by his conduct and also sought to
explain his conduct by saying that he was then under considerable stress and
was under medication, the respondent here chose not to make any mitigation at
all. However, even if she had, for the reasons alluded to above, we did not
think it would really have made a difference. Indeed, in _Hussein Lawrence_ ,
this court further affirmed that work pressure should never be an excuse for a
lawyer to act dishonestly or fraudulently: that excuse, if allowed, would have
been a slippery slope which would undoubtedly lead to a deterioration of
standards relating to integrity and honesty and lower the reputation of the
profession in the eyes of the public.

13 In the result, we ordered that the respondent be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. She was also required to pay the costs of the Law
Society.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

