Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Grange Heights
Strata Title No 301 (No 2)  
[2005] SGCA 22

Case Number | : | CA 89/2004, OS 825/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Chao Hick Tin JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Cheng Han SC (instructed) and Ernest Balasubramaniam (ASG Law Corporation) for the appellant; Edwin Lee and Looi Ming Ming (Rajah and Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd — Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301   
  
Res Judicata – Issue estoppel – Whether appellant estopped from raising issue
in present action because issue forming subject matter of previous proceedings
between identical parties – Requirements for establishing issue estoppel  
  

12 April 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (delivering the judgment of the majority):

1 This is an appeal from a decision of Woo Bih Li J in which he dismissed
Originating Summons No 825 of 2004 on the grounds that the claims there were
barred by issue estoppel arising out of the judgment of Punch Coomaraswamy J
in _Management Corp of Grange Heights – Strata Title No 301 v Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR 1193 and the judgment of Goh Joon Seng J
delivered for the Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301_ [1992] 2 SLR 865. The
previous proceedings were commenced in 1989 and they are, for convenience,
hereinafter referred to as “the 1989 proceedings”.

2 Agreeing with Woo J, we dismissed the appeal. In our judgment, issue
estoppel arises because the precise issue in this appeal, which is whether the
residents of Grange Heights have a right of way over Lot 111-31 to gain access
to and from Grange Road, has been finally and conclusively determined on the
merits by courts of competent jurisdiction in the 1989 proceedings.

3 The facts are set out in the judgment of Woo J reported in [2004] 4 SLR 828
and for present purposes they can be restated quite briefly. It is also
convenient to refer to previous proceedings on the same topic to make the
history and the point of this appeal intelligible.

4 The subject matter of the present appeal concerns the right of way over Lot
111-31 (the servient tenement) granted to the respective owners of Lots 111-32
and 111-33 and the former Lot 111-34. All lots are situated in the Orchard
Road vicinity.

5 The appellant, Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd (“Lee Tat”), formerly known as
Collin Development (Pte) Ltd, is the owner of dominant tenements Lots 111-32
and 111-33. In January 1997, the appellant purchased the servient tenement
subject to easements and rights affecting it. The dominant tenement, Lot
111-34, was amalgamated with Lot 561 (which was sub-divided from Lot 122) to
create a new Lot 687. Hong Leong Holdings Ltd (“Hong Leong”) was the developer
of the condominium known as Grange Heights. Grange Heights was built on Lot
687. Standing on the former Lot 561 are three blocks of high-rise apartments
comprising a total of 120 units, car parks, swimming pool and other
facilities. The tennis courts and changing rooms stand on the former Lot
111-34. The respondent in this appeal is the Management Corporation of Grange
Heights (“the MCST”). For ease of reference, appended to this judgment, as
Appendix 1, is a sketch (not drawn to scale) depicting the dominant tenements
in relation to the servient tenement and the former Lot 561.

6 There has been a history of clashes between the appellant and Hong Leong
over the right of way in connection with the development of Grange Heights. On
one occasion, the appellant tried without success to stymie the development
carrying and using the address nos 15, 19 and 23 Grange Road. The relevant
authorities rejected the appellant’s objections.

7 In the very first suit in 1976, _Collin Development (Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong
Holdings Ltd_ [1975–1977] SLR 457, Collin Development (Pte) Ltd (“Collin
Development”), as owner of Lots 111-32 and 111-33, claimed for a declaration
that Hong Leong, as owner of Lots 561 and 111-34, and its directors, officers,
servants, workmen or agents and prospective or future residents of Grange
Heights were not entitled to use Lot 111-31. The complaints then were that
Hong Leong had, _inter alia_ , permitted its contractors employed for the
construction of Grange Heights to use the right of way for access to and
egress from Lot 561. F A Chua J (as he then was) held that Collin Development
had no cause of action, as it was unable to prove that Hong Leong and the
prospective or future residents of Grange Heights had substantially interfered
or would substantially interfere with Collin Development’s enjoyment of the
right of way over Lot 111-31. Hong Leong’s counterclaim for a declaration that
the company and its authorised persons were entitled to pass and repass Lot
111-31 was dismissed as Collin Development was not the owner of Lot 111-31. As
an aside, Woo J did not agree with Chua J’s reasoning for the dismissal of the
counterclaim. No analysis of this first case is required as there was no
cross-appeal by the respondent on Woo J’s ruling that the judgment of Chua J,
which was affirmed on appeal, did not give rise to any issue estoppel to bar
the current proceedings from being re-litigated.

8 About 13 years later, a second suit (_ie_ , the 1989 proceedings) was
launched. Lee Tat erected an iron gate and fence on Lot 111-31 thus preventing
the residents of Grange Heights from using Lot 111-31. This time, however,
there was no complaint of excessive use of Lot 111-31 by the residents of
Grange Heights. It was simply an issue of the respective parties’ rights over
Lot 111-31. This is an important point to note and we will elaborate on it
later. It was also not disputed that Lee Tat was aware that the residents of
Grange Heights had been using Lot 111-31 since the completion of Grange
Heights in 1976. Initially, the MCST obtained an interim injunction against
Lee Tat for interfering with its right of way over Lot 111-31 and the latter
applied for the interim injunction to be discharged.

9 The application to discharge the interim injunction and the MCST’s
originating summons were heard together on 5 December 1990. Coomaraswamy J
granted the MCST an injunction as sought in the originating summons. Lee Tat
was also ordered to remove the iron gate and fence across Lot 111-31. The
court held that although Lots 561 and 111-34 had been amalgamated into Lot
687, it was purely for purposes of survey and issue of documents of title. The
easement over Lot 111-31 still ran with the land and enured to the benefit of
the owner of Lot 111-34, now part of Lot 687. It was common ground that the
MCST was the owner of Lot 111-34.

10 Lee Tat appealed and the Court of Appeal in upheld the first instance
decision and reiterated that upon amalgamation of the plots of land, the
dominant tenement did not cease to exist, nor was the right of way appurtenant
thereto extinguished. So long as the user on the servient tenement was not
excessive, the amalgamation did not affect the existence of the right of way.
The Court of Appeal found that the residents of Grange Heights had, since
1976, only been using Lot 111-31 as a foot path and they were allowed to
continue this activity. Lee Tat was not entitled to erect the gate and fence.

11 The current set of proceedings instituted on 26 June 2004 is the third time
the parties have gone to court on account of the same easement. We need to
only look at the multiple declarations and injunction sought by Lee Tat in
Originating Summons No 825 of 2004 to see its motivation, which is to stop the
residents of Grange Heights from using the easement. They are:

(a) a declaration that the grant of easement in favour of, _inter alia_ , Lot
111-34 was not intended to be made appurtenant to Lot 122 (later Lot 561 and
now Lot 687);

(b) a declaration that the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 122 (later Lot
561) to form Lot 687 did not result in the conferment of any easement rights
to Lot 561 and Lot 687, being land other than the dominant tenement (Lot
111-34).

(c) a declaration that the right of way over Lot 111-31 shall not be used as
an access to Lot 687;=

(d) a permanent injunction to prohibit all the owners, residents, occupants
and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium known as Grange Heights
from using any part of Lot 111-31 to access Grange Heights from Grange Road
and _vice versa_ absolutely and indefinitely;

(e) an order directing the Registrar of Titles and Deeds to expunge any and
all entries, notices and registration of any easements or orders of court
registered against Lot 111-31 in the Index to Land Books in the Registry of
Deeds and Land Register comprised in Certificate of Title Vol 464 Folio 159;

(f) further and/or alternatively, a declaratory order that all the owners,
residents, occupants and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium
known as Grange Heights are not entitled to use any part of Lot 111-31 to
access Grange Heights from Grange Road absolutely and indefinitely.

12 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan Cheng Han SC, argues against issue
estoppel. This is how Mr Tan has characterised the issue so that there is no
issue estoppel. The easement is in respect of Lot 111-31 and on the principle
enunciated in _Harris v Flower_ _and Sons_ (1904) 91 LT 816 (“ _Harris v
Flower_ ”), which principle is discussed in detail in Chao Hick Tin JA’s
dissenting judgment at [52] to [62] below, the MCST cannot use the easement in
respect of Lot 561. Such user beyond the geographical scope of the express
grant is improper and amounts to trespass on the servient tenement. On this
occasion, the appellant has sued as the owner of the servient tenement. The
elements required for the present cause of action are different from the
previous cause of action. In the 1989 proceedings, the appellant was the owner
of the dominant tenements and its rights were limited. In an action for
substantial interference with a dominant tenement’s right of way, the key
question is whether the easement is being used in such a manner as to
substantially interfere with the applicant’s legitimate user of the easement.
Counsel has referred us to a number of cases where the _Harris v Flower_
principle was followed. In particular, he relies on _Re Gordon and Regan_
(1985) 15 DLR (4th) 641, a decision of the Ontario High Court, to underscore
and drive home his point that the respondent would still offend the principle
in _Harris v Flower_ if the improper use of the servient tenement was minimal.
This is because such user is outside the terms of the original grant and hence
unauthorised.

13 What is relied on here by the MCST is a previous decision on a particular
issue or issues. Counsel for the respondent, Mr Edwin Lee, argues that in the
1989 proceedings, _Harris v Flower_ was relied upon by Lee Tat for the
argument that the MCST was not entitled to use Lot 111-31 as a right of way
for the residents to gain access from their apartments at Lot 561 to Grange
Road and _vice versa_ and that the point was decided by the court. Mr Tan
submits that the record of the judgments relied on did not mention _Harris v
Flower_ and the silence of the High Court and the Court of Appeal in the 1989
proceedings might indicate that the court made no decision on the point at
all. If that were the case, then there would hardly be a previous decision
which could blight the chances of there being fresh proceedings. Separately
and in response to Mr Tan’s contention that the only party with _locus standi_
to advance the _Harris v Flower_ principle is the owner of the servient
tenement, Mr Lee drew our attention to _Re Gordon and Regan,_ the very case
relied upon by Mr Tan. In that case, the respondents, who were objecting to
the user as placing an added burden on the right of way by extending the use
of that right of way to the owner and occupants of the newly-created semi-
detached house to access the nearby garage on land adjoining the dominant
tenement, did not own the servient tenement, but were owners of the dominant
tenement. The Ontario High Court agreed with the respondents and found in
their favour. We also note that none of the cases cited by Lee Tat stood for
the proposition that a dominant tenement owner could never question the
inappropriate scope of use of the right of way by a fellow dominant tenement
owner. Accordingly, we reject the appellant’s _locus standi_ argument.

14 A convenient starting point is to ascertain what is required of an issue
estoppel and then determine whether the requirements are fulfilled. First of
all, there needs to be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits. The
judgments relied upon were those in the 1989 proceedings. That would seem to
be satisfied. Secondly, that judgment has to be by a court of competent
jurisdiction. Again, that would seem to be satisfied. Then there has to be
identity between the parties to the two actions that are being compared.
Again, that is satisfied here. The reality is that the effective parties are
the same. The same parties in both actions have either sued or defended claims
in their own right (_ie_ , personal capacity as opposed to representative
capacity) and that did not change even though the cause of action in the
earlier proceedings was not identical with the cause of action in the present
proceedings. In our judgment, the difference between the available remedies is
one of the factors to establish whether there is a difference in causes of
action. The present case is not about cause of action estoppel and it was not
put forward as such at the appeal. This court in _Official Assignee of the
estate of Tang Hsiu Lan, a bankrupt and Pua Ai Seok_ [2001] 2 SLR 436 at [20],
following _Arnold v National Westminster Bank Plc_ [1991] 2 AC 93, held:

Issue estoppel may arise where a particular issue forming a necessary
ingredient in a cause of action has been litigated and decided and in
subsequent proceedings between the same parties involving a different cause of
action, to which the same issue is relevant, one of the parties seeks to re-
open that issue.

15 The final requirement is that there must be an identity of subject matter
in the two proceedings. The correct approach to identify the issue is to ask
what had been litigated and, secondly, what had been decided. In the case of
issue estoppel, the decision on the issue must have been a “necessary step” to
the decision or a “matter which it was necessary to decide, and which was
actually decided, as the groundwork of the decision”: see _Carl Zeiss Stiftung
v Rayner & Keeler Ltd (No 2)_ [1967] 1 AC 853 at 965 _per_ Lord Wilberforce
quoting from _R v The Inhabitants of the Township of Hartington Middle
Quarter_ (1855) 4 El & Bl 780 at 794; 119 ER 288 at 293.

16 What it comes to is that in our judgment there is the necessary identity of
subject matter between the two proceedings such as of itself leads to issue
estoppel. We are of the view that the change in status of Lee Tat from owner
of two dominant tenements in the previous proceedings to owner of the servient
tenement in this current action makes no difference to the rights of the MCST
(and hence the residents of Grange Heights) over the servient tenement which
were decided in the 1989 proceedings. It was decided in the 1989 proceedings
that it was lawful for the residents of Grange Heights to use the servient
tenement as a foot path to access Grange Road and _vice versa_. Coomaraswamy J
held the right of way ran with the dominant tenement even though it had become
part of a larger plot of land. The easement continued depite the amalgamation
and enured to the benefit of the MCST (and hence the residents of Grange
Heights). The ruling was necessary and essential to the High Court’s decision
that Lee Tat was not entitled to erect the iron gate and fence. We give no
credence to the appellant’s assertion that the MCST’s rights were irrelevant
to Coomaraswamy J’s decision, and that the judge had confined his decision to
the finding that Lee Tat was only entitled to complain of any substantial
interference with its enjoyment of the right of way.

17 The ruling roundly rejected Lee Tat’s contention that:

(a) the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 561 into Lot 687 extinguished the
plaintiffs’ right of way over Lot 111-31; and

(b) as all the apartments in Grange Heights stand on Lot 561, the residents
therefore are not using Lot 111-31 as a right of way for the dominant tenement
which is Lot 111-34 but for Lot 561, and this the plaintiffs are not entitled
to do.

The complaint in contention (b) was that the MCST had extended the right of
way to non-dominant land. The MCST could not enforce the right of way with the
condominium built on the amalgamated plots. From the other corner, the MCST’s
claim was for the benefit of the easement for the whole condominium. As stated
earlier, in the 1989 proceedings, there was no complaint of excessive use of
Lot 111-31 by the residents of Grange Heights. The dispute was simply an issue
of the respective parties’ rights over Lot 111-31. The complaint then was
identical to the complaint before Woo J. Woo J characterised the issue before
him in this way: Whether the residents of Grange Heights could use the right
of way on Lot 111-31 for the benefit of not only the dominant land, Lot
111-34, but also the adjoining non-dominant land, Lot 561. It is clearly part
of the subject matter of the present proceedings as it was an issue that was
so clearly part of the subject matter of the 1989 proceedings.

18 By Coomaraswamy J’s restraining order of 5 December 1990 (and affirmed by
the Court of Appeal), the residents of Grange Heights, through the MCST, were
entitled to an unobstructed use of the right of way to get from Lot 111-34 to
Lot 561 and _vice versa_. The incontrovertible effect of the High Court’s
decision is reinforced as one reads on to the undertaking given on 17 December
1997 by Ching Mun Fong (“Ching”), a director of the appellant, on behalf of
Lee Tat, which conveyed the clear message that residents of Grange Heights
using the servient tenement would not be trespassing. Sometime in 1997, Lee
Tat placed a chain across the Grange Road end of the servient tenement. The
MCST took out committal proceedings. The undertaking to the court was in the
following terms:

The MC of Grange Heights are at liberty to send a notice to all residents of
Grange Heights that they have a right of way over Lot 111-31 and that the sign
against trespassers does not apply to them.

19 It is to be noted, as did Woo J, that at the time the undertaking was
given, Lee Tat was already the owner of the servient tenements, having
purchased it in January 1997. Lee Tat took no further legal action soon after
17 December 1997 despite the express reservation that the undertaking did not
prohibit Lee Tat from commencing any legal action as it may be advised.

20 Some one and a half years later, Lee Tat was back in court again in July
1999 for contempt of the order of 5 December 1990. On that occasion, it had
affixed a low chain across the right of way. Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then
was) held Lee Tat to be guilty of contempt of court and ordered Ching, as
director of Lee Tat, to pay a fine of $3,000 and the MCST’s costs fixed at
$10,000. Tay JC was satisfied that Lee Tat had disobeyed the Order of Court
dated 5 December 1990 which, _inter alia_ , restrained Lee Tat and its
officers from preventing or interfering with the exercise of the right of way
of the MCST over the servient tenement.

21 Another four years later, fresh committal proceedings were again brought
against Lee Tat and Ching for breach of the order of 5 December 1990. This
time, the appellant had erected two concrete cones to block the right of way.
The contempt was purged before the date of the hearing. Lee Tat and Ching were
nonetheless ordered on 26 March 2004 to be jointly and severally liable to pay
the MCST costs on an indemnity basis fixed at $13,000.

22 Reverting to the judgment of Goh J in _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301_ ([1] _supra_) in
which _Graham v Philcox_ [1984] QB 747 was referred to, a right of way in that
case was granted to the upper flat in a coach house. Counsel for the
defendants, Mr Gerald Godfrey QC, submitted that in enlarging the physical
dimensions or in altering the nature of the dominant tenement by turning two
individual flats into one dwelling house, the plaintiffs could no longer use
that right of way, either because the benefit for which the right of way was
originally granted was different or it was lost because the alteration had
increased the burden of the use on the servient tenement. Mr Godfrey cited
_Harris v Flower_ in his submissions.

23 The English Court of Appeal rejected Mr Godfrey’s submissions. May LJ said
that _Harris v Flower_ must be considered in the context of the facts of that
particular case. _Harris v Flower_ involved enlargement of the easement but
did not suggest that the enlargement of the dominant tenement would extinguish
the easement. The appellate court held that the mere alteration of the coach
house from two flats into one dwelling could not have any effect on the
existence of the right of way appurtenant to the first floor flat of the coach
house which survived the alteration, nor could the alteration affect the
entitlement to its use. However, the overriding consideration was that the
character and extent of the burden imposed on the servient tenement must not
be enlarged and on the facts it was not enlarged based on a reasonable user of
the easement.

24 It was in this context that the Court of Appeal in the 1989 proceedings
considered whether actual or anticipated user by the respondent of the way was
in any way excessive, either in quantity or quality. The Court of Appeal was
not concerned with the effect of amalgamation which produced a different lot
number. It was well understood that the dominant tenement had been redeveloped
and had become part of a condominium. It was recognised by the High Court and
the Court of Appeal that the area of the dominant tenement had been enlarged
upon amalgamation of the plots of land. Goh J reached the conclusion that the
easement (which was acquired by express grant) over the servient tenement
could be used in connection with the enlarged area of the dominant tenement as
so changed if the court was satisfied that the change did not and could not
result in an increase in the quantum or nature of user of the easement to that
enjoyed originally. In considering whether there was excessive user in the
sense of a greater or different burden on the servient tenement, on the facts
there was no evidence of excessive user and there was no likelihood as such.
The residents of Grange Heights had, since 1976, only been using Lot 111-31 as
a foot path and not for vehicular traffic. (That we understand is still the
position in the current proceedings.) Accordingly, Goh J found no basis for
concluding that the easement could not continue to be exercised by the MCST in
connection with the enlarged area of the dominant land.

25 Mr Tan argued that, on principle and authority, an amalgamation of dominant
land and non-dominant land did not displace the rule in _Harris v Flower_ such
that a grant of a right of way now extended to the enlarged plot. By ruling
that the easement subsisted and that it enured to the benefit of the enlarged
dominant tenement, the High Court, whose decision was upheld by the appellate
court, did not follow the general rule in _Harris v Flower_ forbidding
enlargement or extension of the dominant tenement beyond the original grant.
The real point is that for the purposes of this appeal, the correctness of the
judgments relied on for issue estoppel is completely irrelevant: see _Spencer
Bower, Turner and Handley on The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ (Butterworths, 3rd
Ed, 1996) at para 15. Moreover, it was not argued, and indeed no “special
circumstance exception” exists, in the present appeal such as to prevent the
operation of issue estoppel: see _Arnold v National Westminster Bank Plc_
([14] _supra_) at 109 _per_ Lord Keith of Kinkel.

26 For all these reasons we dismissed the appeal with costs and ordered the
security deposit to be released to the respondent to account of its costs. We
should mention that in the end, and on the whole of the case, it was not
necessary to examine the many authorities that were referred to by either
party or deal with the other contentions canvassed by the respondent.

Appeal dismissed.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the dissenting judgment):

27 This appeal concerned an application by the appellant, Lee Tat Development
Pte Ltd (“Lee Tat”), the owner of a servient tenement, to restrict the use of
the right of way by the residents of a condominium known as “Grange Heights”
which were represented by the respondent. The application was heard by Woo Bih
Li J (“Woo J”) who held that as the central issue raised in the present
proceeding had already been conclusively determined in earlier proceedings
between the parties, Lee Tat was estopped from relitigating the same issue
(see [2004] 4 SLR 828).

28 The appeal came up for hearing before the Court of Appeal on 24 February
2005 and, by majority, it was dismissed. I dissented from the majority on the
grounds that follow.

**The background**

29 In 1919, a large piece of land along Grange Road, then owned by Mutual
Trading Ltd (a company which had long ceased to exist), was subdivided into
smaller lots, namely, Lots 111-30, 111-31, 111-32, 111-33 and 111-34. All
these lots came under Town Sub-Division 21. The positions of the various lots
are shown in a rough sketch (not drawn according to scale) attached to the
judgment of the majority which I will adopt for reference.

30 It will be seen that Lot 111-31 is a narrow irregular strip, with a total
area of about 9,300 sq ft. It was earmarked as a road reserve. In selling and
conveying the other four lots (“the dominant tenements”), Mutual Trading Ltd
granted to each purchaser a right of way over Lot 111-31 (“the servient
tenement”) in the following terms:

And together with full and free right and liberty for the Purchaser his
executors administrators and assigns being the owner or owners for the time
being of the land hereby conveyed or any part thereof and their tenants and
servants and all other persons authorised by him or them in common with others
having a similar right from time to time and at all times hereafter at his and
their will and pleasure to pass and repass with or without animals and
vehicles, in along and over the Reserve for Road coloured yellow in the said
plan.

31 In 1974, Hong Leong Holdings Ltd (“Hong Leong”), which then owned Lot
111-34, as well as the adjacent Lot 561 (see the sketch), erected three blocks
of high rise apartments and other amenities on the two lots. This development
became known as “Grange Heights”. The three blocks were built on the part
falling within Lot 561, with the garden and tennis courts erected on Lot
111-34. A new lot number, Lot 687, was given to the combined site, consisting
of the two lots. At the time, Lee Tat, which was then known as Collin
Development (Pte) Ltd, owned Lots 111-32 and 111-33. For consistency,
hereinafter in this judgment, Collin Development (Pte) Ltd will be referred to
as “Lee Tat”.

32 The contractors for the development used Lot 111-31 to gain access into and
egress from the building site. Lee Tat took out an action for an injunction to
restrain Hong Leong, as the owner of Lot 561, as well as its contractors and
purchasers of units in the development, from using the right of way over Lot
111-31, the servient tenement. Hong Leong, in response, said that as the owner
of Lot 111-34, it was entitled to use the right of way over Lot 111-31. Hong
Leong also counterclaimed for a declaration that it was entitled to authorise
others to use the servient tenement for the purposes of gaining access to Lot
561, provided that such use did not substantially affect Lee Tat’s enjoyment
of the right of way.

33 In the High Court, F A Chua J held that Lee Tat, being the owner of a
dominant tenement, did not have a cause of action against Hong Leong, unless
it could prove that Hong Leong’s action had substantially interfered with Lee
Tat’s enjoyment of its right of way and as there was no evidence of such
interference, Lee Tat’s claim was dismissed. However, the court also dismissed
Hong Leong’s counterclaim and refused the declaration sought, on the ground
that the owner of the servient tenement was not a party to the proceedings:
see _Collin Development (Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong Holdings Ltd_ [1975–1977] SLR
457.

34 On appeal, the Court of Appeal (see [1975–1977] SLR 202) upheld Chua J’s
ruling that there was no substantial interference with Lee Tat’s right of way
at the time to warrant the issue of an injunction. This court also added (at
204, [12]) that the ruling would “not preclude [Lee Tat] in the future, if and
when the true facts and circumstances have changed, from seeking whatever
remedy it may be advised to seek”.

35 The hearing before Chua J and the appeal therefrom will be referred to as
“the first action”.

36 I should add that under the development plan approved by the relevant
authorities, vehicular access to and from Grange Heights are located at River
Valley Road and St Thomas Walk. Since the completion of Grange Heights in
1976, its residents have been using the servient tenement as a footpath only
for gaining access to and from Grange Road.

37 In April 1989, Lee Tat caused to be erected an iron gate across the Grange
Road end of the servient tenement and a fence across Grange Heights end
thereof, thus closing the right of way and preventing the residents of Grange
Heights from using the servient tenement for gaining access to and from Grange
Road by foot. The Management Corporation of Grange Heights (“MCST 301”), which
was also the respondent in this proceeding, and as the successor of Hong
Leong, obtained an interim injunction against Lee Tat from preventing the
residents using the servient tenement to gain access to and from Grange Road.
Lee Tat applied to have the injunction discharged. These proceedings, together
with the subsequent appeal, will be referred to as “the second action”.

38 Punch Coomaraswamy J, who heard the application for the discharge of the
interim injunction, said that the question before him was whether Lee Tat was
entitled to erect the gate at one end and the fence at the other end of the
servient tenement, thus preventing the residents of Grange Heights from
exercising any right of way. He noted that Lot 111-34, as well as the two lots
owned by Lee Tat, had a right of way over the servient tenement. While Lot
111-34 had been amalgamated with Lot 561 to become Lot 687, the land of what
was previously known as Lot 111-34 was still there. He said such amalgamation
was only for the purposes of survey and issue of document of title and could
not affect the right of way enjoyed by Lot 111-34. The judgment of
Coomaraswamy J was reported as _Management Corporation of Grange Heights –
Strata Title No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ at [1990] SLR 1193. He said
at 1195, [8]:

[The amalgamation] does not destroy or extinguish the right of way which runs
with the land and enure[s] to the benefit of the owners for the time being of
the land. Accordingly, … [MCST 301] … still [has] the right of way over the
servient tenement, and [Lee Tat] in erecting the gate and the fence [has]
interfered with [MCST 301’s] right of way.

39 Coomaraswamy J, having noted that Lee Tat was not the owner of the servient
tenement and had a right of way in common with others and was not complaining
that the residents of Grange Heights had made excessive use of the servient
tenement so as to interfere with Lee Tat’s enjoyment of its right of way over
the servient tenement, said that Lee Tat was only entitled to take the
necessary steps to protect its right of way but not to erect the gate and the
fence. As no interference with Lee Tat’s right was alleged, he ordered the
removal of the gate and the fence and restrained Lee Tat from interfering or
obstructing the right of way enjoyed by MCST 301 by virtue of its ownership of
Lot 111-34.

40 At this juncture, I would pause to make one observation. Woo J at [30] of
his judgment seemed to say that as Lee Tat did not raise the question of
substantial interference by MCST 301 with Lee Tat’s enjoyment of right of way,
Coomaraswamy J must have decided that Lee Tat could not obstruct MCST 301’s
right of way because Lot 561, and all the residents of the apartments of
Grange Heights, were entitled to a right of way over the servient tenement.
With respect, I do not see how that follows. There is not a word in the
judgment of Coomaraswamy J which points to that.

41 Lee Tat again took the matter up on appeal: see _Lee Tat Development Pte
Ltd v Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301_ [1992] 2
SLR 865. There, this court, in affirming the decision of the High Court, first
noted at 868, [13] that the main contentions of Lee Tat before Coomaraswamy J
were that:

(i) the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 561 into Lot 687 extinguished
[MCST 301’s] right of way over Lot 111-31; and

(ii) as all the apartments in Grange Heights stand on Lot 561, the residents
therefore are not using Lot 111-31 as a right of way for the dominant tenement
which is Lot 111-34 but for Lot 561, and this [MCST 301 is] not entitled to
do.

This court then went on to opine as follows at 869, [19]:

Sub-division and amalgamation are only for purposes of survey, conveyance and
transfer of land and the issue of documents of title. On sub-division and
amalgamation of land, the dominant tenement does not cease to exist and the
right of way appurtenant thereto is not thereby extinguished. On amalgamation,
so long as the user on the servient tenement is not excessive, the enlargement
of the dominant tenement by such amalgamation does not affect the existence of
the right of way. In [_Graham v Philcox_ [1984] QB 747] in an action by the
owner of a dominant tenement against the owner of the servient tenement, it
was held that the right of way appurtenant to the first floor of a coach house
was not affected by the whole of the coach house being turned into one
dwelling. May LJ, at pp 756–757, said:

In none of the judgments in any of the cases to which Mr Godfrey referred us
is there suggestion that a mere alteration of a dominant tenement to which a
right of way may be appurtenant is sufficient to extinguish it, or indeed to
affect the entitlement to its use unless as the result of that alteration the
extent of the user is thereby increased.

In my opinion, therefore, the mere alteration of the coach house into one
dwelling cannot have had any effect upon the existence of the right of way. It
should be borne in mind that there was no evidence whatever before the judge
that the actual or anticipated user by the plaintiffs of the way was in any
way excessive, either in quantity or quality.

42 There, this court also referred to its earlier decision in the first action
and noted that the right of Lee Tat, as far as the right of way was concerned,
was to ensure that its easement right over the servient tenement was not
substantially interfered with by Hong Leong, the predecessor of MCST 301. The
court accordingly held at 870, [23]:

The residents of Grange Heights have not subjected Lot 111-31 to such heavy
vehicular traffic as to substantially interfere with the right of way of the
defendants. In fact, they do not use it for vehicular traffic at all but only
as a footpath.

43 The next significant event occurred on 17 January 1997 when Lee Tat
acquired the servient tenement. It is, therefore, now the owner of Lot 111-31.
On 26 June 2004, Lee Tat, as the owner of the servient tenement, instituted an
originating summons (“OS 825”) seeking various reliefs, the important ones of
which were these:

(a) a declaration that the grant of easement in favour of, _inter alia_ , Lot
111-34 was not intended to be made appurtenant to Lot 122 (later Lot 561 and
now part of Lot 687);

(b) a declaration that the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 122 (later Lot
561) to form Lot 687 did not result in the conferment of any easement rights
to Lot 561 and/or Lot 687 being land other than the dominant tenement (Lot
111-34);

(c) a declaration that the right of way over Lot 111-31 shall not be used as
an access to Lot 687;

(d) a permanent injunction to prohibit all the owners, residents, occupants
and/or visitors of Grange Heights from using any part of Lot 111-31 to access
Grange Heights from Grange Road and _vice versa_ absolutely and indefinitely.

44 OS 825 came before Woo J who put the issue which he had to decide in these
terms (at [17]):

In OS 825, Lee Tat’s counsel, Mr Tan Cheng Han SC, argued that as the right of
way was originally granted to the former lot 111-34, the right of way did not
extend to the former lot 561. Therefore the right of way could not be used by
the residents of Grange Heights to reach the former lot 111-34 and then to
cross over to the former lot 561. This was the issue before me …

45 On the authorities cited to him by Mr Tan Cheng Han SC (who was also the
counsel before the Court of Appeal), Woo J was persuaded that the proposition
advanced by Mr Tan was valid. However, he found that there was one major
obstacle in the way of Mr Tan’s argument and that was the question of issue
estoppel.

46 Woo J then examined the issues that were raised and decided upon in the
first action (before Chua J as well as the Court of Appeal) and came to the
conclusion that the decisions in the first action did not give rise to issue
estoppel.

47 However, Woo J felt that the decisions in the second action, particularly
that of the Court of Appeal, precluded Lee Tat in instituting OS 825. He
highlighted the fact that this court in the second action noted that the
contentions of Lee Tat in that appeal (see [41] above) were the same issues
now being raised again in OS 825.

48 While I agree that the contentions made by Lee Tat in the second action as
listed above are in substance rather similar to the main issue raised in OS
825, I do not think that this court there had, in fact, answered the second
contention. I shall return to this aspect in a moment.

**Issue estoppel**

49 The rationale for issue estoppel, which is an aspect of estoppel by record,
is two-fold. First, it is in the public interest that there should be an end
to litigation. Second, no one should be proceeded against twice for the same
cause: see _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed Reissue, 2003)
vol 16(2) at para 964. The scope of issue estoppel is defined by Diplock LJ
(as he then was) in _Thoday v Thoday_ [1964] 1 All ER 341 at 352 as follows:

“[I]ssue estoppel”, is an extension of the same rule of public policy. There
are many causes of action which can only be established by proving that two or
more different conditions are fulfilled. Such causes of action involve as many
separate issues between the parties as there are conditions to be fulfilled by
the plaintiff in order to establish his cause of action; and there may be
cases where the fulfilment of an identical condition is a requirement common
to two or more different causes of action. If in litigation on one such cause
of action any of such separate issues whether a particular condition has been
fulfilled is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, either on
evidence or on admission by a party to the litigation, neither party can, in
subsequent litigation between them on any cause of action which depends on the
fulfilment of the identical condition, assert that the condition was fulfilled
if the court has in the first litigation determined that it was not, or deny
that it was fulfilled if the court in the first litigation determined that it
was.

50 In _Official Assignee of the estate of Tang Hsiu Lan, a bankrupt v Pua Ai
Seok_ [2001] 2 SLR 436, this court adopted a similar sense on the principle of
issue estoppel, namely, that where a particular issue forming a necessary
ingredient in a cause of action had been decided upon, the same parties were
not entitled, in a subsequent proceeding involving a different cause of action
to which the same issue was relevant, to re-open the issue.

51 However, for estoppel to arise, the party must sue or defend the later
action in the same right. As stated in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ ([49]
_supra_) at para 1002:

It is necessary to an estoppel by record that the parties to the litigation or
their privies should have claimed or defended in the same right in the former
proceedings as they represent in the later ones.

52 Woo J recognised that, on the substantive point, the argument which Mr Tan
sought to advance had merits. It is a well-settled principle of law that an
easement expressly granted for the benefit of one parcel of land cannot be
used for the benefit of an adjacent parcel of land which is not the
beneficiary of the easement. This principle was illustrated most succinctly in
this example given by Romer LJ in _Harris v Flower and Sons_ (1904) 91 LT 816
(“ _Harris v Flower_ ”) at 819:

The law really is not in dispute. If a right of way be granted for the
enjoyment of close A, the grantee, because he owns or acquires close B, cannot
use the way in substance for passing over close A to close B.

53 The facts in _Harris v Flower_ are pertinent to our present case. There, a
piece of land (called “pink land” in the judgment) was conveyed to M together
with a right of way over another piece of land (called “yellow land”) which
was conveyed to J. M also owned another piece of land (called “the blue land”)
adjoining the pink land. The blue land, on which was a public house, abutted a
highway. M erected assembly rooms partly on the pink land and partly on the
blue land. Later, it was proposed that the assembly rooms be severed from the
public house and be used as a factory. The question that arose was whether M
was entitled to use the right of way which was a right appurtenant to the pink
land for the purpose of approaching the buildings which were built partly on
the pink land and partly on the blue land. On being challenged by the owner of
the yellow land, the English Court of Appeal held that the intended use would
be an excessive user of the right of way. The reasoning was plainly put by
Vaughan Williams LJ, who gave the leading judgment, as follows at 819:

A right of way of this sort restricts the owner of the dominant tenement to
the legitimate user of his right, and the court will not allow that which is
in its nature a burden on the owner of the servient tenement to be increased
without his consent and beyond the terms of the grant … The burden imposed on
the servient tenement must not be increased by allowing the owner of the
dominant tenement to make a use of the way in excess of the grant.

54 In a sense one can say that MCST 301 in the present action had a weaker
case than M in _Harris v Flower_ because there the factory was a single
building sitting on both plots of land whereas here all the three residential
blocks are sited on what was previously Lot 561, a plot with no right of way
over the servient tenement.

55 _Harris v Flower_ did not make new law. It reiterated the existing law. In
_Williams v James_ (1867) LR 2 CP 577 at 580, Bovill CJ said:

It is also clear, according to the authorities, that where a person has a
right of way over one piece of land to another piece of land, he can only use
such right in order to reach the latter place. He cannot use it for the
purpose of going elsewhere.

56 Similarly in the Canadian Supreme Court case of _Purdom v Robinson_ (1899)
30 SCR 64, Strong CJ said at 72:

The case of _Lawton v Ward_ shows that the restriction of an easement to the
purposes for which it is originally granted is no new law but is an old and
well established rule of the law of property.

57 Another Canadian case cited by Lee Tat and which is extremely germane to
our case in hand is _Re Gordon and Regan_ (1989) 66 DLR (4th) 384 where the
Ontario Court of Appeal, in a short judgment, impliedly accepted the principle
in _Harris v Flower_ when it said at 384:

The appellant seeks to extend the benefit of the right of way to lands
purchased by the dominant tenement after the right of way was obtained. No
authority for that entitlement has been offered and in this case it would be
particularly inappropriate because the added lands have an exit which does not
require any passage over the right of way.

58 However, if the new land acquired by the owner of a dominant tenement has
no access at all, it could perhaps have made some difference in terms of
relief. This was a factor which was taken into account by the court in
_Bracewell v Appleby_ [1975] Ch 408 where the defendant bought one of six
houses in a _cul-de-sac_ with access over a private road. Later, the defendant
bought a plot of land which adjoined the grounds of his house. The defendant
decided to build a new house over both pieces of land and hoped to use the
same private road for access. Graham J, while accepting the _Harris v Flower_
principle, declined to grant an injunction and instead awarded damages in lieu
thereof because the plaintiffs (the neighbouring dominant owners) had delayed
in bringing proceedings with the result that the building of the new house was
almost completed. The court felt that if an injunction were to be granted at
that juncture, it would render the house uninhabitable.

59 The application of the principle in _Harris v Flower_ does not depend on
the actual extent of use made by the additional non-dominant land. This is
illustrated in _Peacock v Custins_ [2001] 2 All ER 827 where the plaintiffs
owned a 15-acre piece of land which enjoyed a right of way over the land owned
by the defendant. The plaintiffs also owned another adjoining smaller plot of
land. The plaintiffs farmed both pieces of land as one unit and they used the
access way for the purposes of both plots of land. The court noted that in a
year the right of way was used six times for both plots. Without the farming
needs of the smaller plot, the right of way would probably be used four or
five times in a year. So with the smaller plot, the right of way would be
exercised one or two times more. The English Court of Appeal held that the
frequency of use was not the relevant consideration. It was a question of
entitlement. The fact of the matter was that the smaller plot had no such
right of way. Schiemann LJ reiterated the point (at [25]) that “the burden on
the owner of the servient tenement is not to be increased without his
consent”. The decision in _Peacock v Custins_ was followed in _Das v Linden
Mews Ltd_ [2003] 2 P & CR 58.

60 Before I move away from this line of authorities I ought to mention the
cases of _Massey v Boulden_ [2003] 2 All ER 87 and _Macepark (Whittlebury) Ltd
v Sargeant_ [2003] 1 WLR 2284 which seem to suggest that where the use of the
right of way by the additional non-dominant land is trivial, it can be treated
as ancillary to the use by the dominant tenement and be permissible. In
_Massey v Boulden_ the house on the dominant tenement was enlarged by the
addition of two rooms which extended beyond the dominant land to an adjoining
land. One way to look at this case would be to regard the two additional rooms
as mere appendages to the dominant land so that the benefit to the non-
dominant land was really insignificant or _de minimis_.

61 On the facts of our case, by no stretch of the imagination can the
“ancillary use” concept be invoked. It is clear that the Grange Heights
development has sought to extend drastically the right of way beyond the terms
of the original grant. The grant was and is to benefit Lot 111-34. Now MCST
301 wants to unilaterally extend the right of way to also benefit Lot 561.
This, it is, in my view, not entitled to do.

62 Finally, it is important not to confuse cases such as _Harris v Flower_
with a case where the dominant tenement is put to more intensive use. _White v
Grand Hotel, Eastbourne, Limited_ [1913] 1 Ch 113 was such a case which held
that a change in user of the dominant tenement did not affect the right of way
granted to the dominant tenement.

**Different capacity**

63 For issue estoppel to arise, a party must be suing in the same capacity as
in the prior proceedings. Mr Tan submitted that suing in a different capacity
did not mean it had to be between a representative capacity and a personal
capacity. He said one could be suing in a different capacity even if in both
actions one was suing in one’s own right. Mr Tan relied on _Bainbrigge v
Baddeley_ (1847) 2 Ph 705; 41 ER 1115 where the plaintiff sued in his personal
capacity in both proceedings, in the first as the assignee under a contract
and in the second as a beneficiary under a will and it was held that estoppel
did not arise. However, in that case there was no estoppel because there was
no identity of issues.

64 Following from the above, Mr Tan argued that issue estoppel could not apply
here because, unlike the two previous actions, Lee Tat was now suing as the
owner of the servient tenement and not as the owner of a dominant tenement. On
this point, I think one must distinguish between cause of action estoppel and
issue estoppel. This argument would be valid if it is a case concerning cause
of action estoppel. However, if it is in relation to issue estoppel, it does
not matter whether the first and second proceedings relate to the same cause.
The question is whether the same issue was raised in the first proceeding and
finally decided upon. As stated in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ ([49] _supra_)
at para 980:

Even if the objects of the first and second claims or actions are different,
the finding on a matter which came directly in issue in the first claim or
action, provided it is embodied in a judicial decision that is final, is
conclusive in a second claim or action between the same parties and their
privies.

65 Another case cited by Counsel for Lee Tat was _Leggott v The Great Northern
Railway Company_ (1876) 1 QBD 599. There, the plaintiff sued, as
administratrix of the estate of the deceased for the benefit of herself as the
wife of the deceased husband and of his children, against the defendant for
damages suffered by them by her husband’s death. Later, the plaintiff, again
as administratrix of the estate of her husband, sued for damages caused to the
estate as a result of the defendant’s negligence. The court held that there
was no estoppel as the plaintiff was suing in two different capacities even
though in both suits she was suing as administratrix. Quain J explained at
606:

The rule about the estoppel is very correctly, I think, laid down in the note
to the _Duchess of Kingston’s Case_. It is this: “It must be observed that a
verdict against a man suing in one capacity will not estop him when he sues in
another distinct capacity, and, in fact, is a different person in law.” In
other words it is generally put in the books that the plaintiff must not be
only the same person, but he must be suing in the same right. I think that in
these two actions before us, although the administratrix nominally is the
plaintiff, yet the administratrix is not suing in these two actions in the
same right, but in very different rights altogether, and, therefore, that the
estoppel does not arise.

66 Accordingly, in my opinion, the fact that Lee Tat was involved in the first
and second actions as the owner of the two dominant tenements and here as the
owner of the servient tenement does not mean that estoppel cannot arise. It
depends on the issues raised and the decisions made by the courts in the two
previous actions.

**Issue not decided upon**

67 I now turn to the more critical matter: What did the courts in the two
previous actions decide? Mr Tan argued that in the two previous actions, Lee
Tat fought them on the basis that it was merely the owner of two dominant
tenements, namely, Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33. There was no other basis upon
which Lee Tat could have pursued or defended those proceedings. Mr Tan
submitted that in that capacity, Lee Tat would only be entitled to claim
relief if its interest as a dominant tenement had been interfered with. The
rights of the owner of a servient tenement were different from those of an
owner of a dominant tenement. For example, a dominant owner could not claim
for trespass and obtain damages therefor. Accordingly, Mr Tan said that Lee
Tat could not have raised the issues which the owner of the servient tenement
could.

68 It was quite clear that the courts had approached the claim in the first
action purely from the point of view of whether the use of the servient
tenement by the contractors of Hong Leong, or the anticipated use by the
purchasers of the apartments upon completion of the development, would be such
that it would interfere with the enjoyment of the right of way of Lee Tat. The
court found no evidence of that. Neither did it think that the anticipated use
by the owners of the apartments in Grange Heights would interfere with Lee
Tat’s enjoyment of its right of way.

69 Turning to the second action, it is indisputable that Lee Tat did argue, in
order to justify its action in putting up the gate and the fence, that Lot 561
was not a dominant tenement and therefore not entitled to exercise a right of
way over Lot 111-31. However, when one examines the judgment of Coomaraswamy
J, it is clear that it was based entirely on the ground that Lee Tat could
only challenge MCST 301’s claim to a right of way, as the owners of Lots
111-34 and 561, if Lee Tat could show that MCST 301’s exercise of the right of
way had been excessive and had substantially interfered with Lee Tat’s
enjoyment of the same right of way over the servient tenement. Coomaraswamy J,
in particular, noted that Lee Tat was not the owner of the servient land and
was not complaining that Grange Heights residents’ use of the right of way was
excessive. When the second action came on appeal, while Lee Tat did try to
argue that the residents of Grange Heights could not use the right of way as
all the apartments were erected on what was previously Lot 561, the question
is whether this court did, in fact, answer the contention and whether it was a
submission which the court needed to answer in relation to the matter in hand.

70 In _Blake v O’Kelly_ (1874) 9 IR 54 it was held that where an issue was
raised in an earlier action but was not decided, that did not preclude the
plaintiff from instituting a second action raising the same issue. The facts
of the case are succinctly set out in the headnote as follows:

B.’s executor filed a bill against K., as executor _de son tort_ , for an
administration of B.’s personal estate, and raising issues as to the validity
of the transfer of a sum in bank from B.’s name to the joint names of B. and
K., as also as to B.’s mental capacity at the time. At the hearing, it was
objected that relief of such a nature could not be given, and an ordinary
decree for administration was pronounced. B.’s executor subsequently filed a
bill raising the same issues, and impeaching also a second transfer to K. from
the joint names of B. and K., and praying that both transfers should be
declared fraudulent and void …

71 The court below came to the conclusion that the issue raised in the present
action was raised in the second action and was answered by this court in the
passages which I have quoted in [41] above. While it was raised, I do not
think it was answered. It may be useful to retrace some steps. As I have said,
in the first action, Chua J refused to make a declaration prayed for by Hong
Leong, the predecessor of MCST 301, in the absence of the owner of the
servient tenement. No appeal was taken against that part of Chua J’s decision.
In the second action, Coomaraswamy J held, and I respectfully concur, that the
amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with Lot 561 did not extinguish the right of way
which Lot 111-34 had over the servient tenement. This principle was reaffirmed
on appeal by this court. The court threw out Lee Tat’s defence on the ground
that it had not shown that there was excessive user by the residents of Grange
Heights _which interfered with Lee Tat’s enjoyment of the right of way over
the servient tenement_. The court noted, in particular, that the residents
only used the servient tenement as a footway.

72 The case which this court relied upon in that regard, namely, _Graham v
Philcox_ [1984] QB 747, was not concerned with the amalgamation of two plots
of land, a dominant tenement and a non-dominant tenement, but with two
dwellings in a single building which were converted into one. There, the right
of way was appurtenant to the first floor of the building. The owner of the
first floor flat later acquired the ground floor flat and converted both flats
into a single dwelling. The English Court of Appeal held that _this change
could not affect the right of way enjoyed by the first floor flat._ I will
quote again what May LJ said at 756–757 (see [41] _supra_):

In none of the judgments in any of the cases … is there suggestion that _a
mere alteration of a dominant tenement to which a right of way may be
appurtenant is sufficient to extinguish it_ , or indeed to affect the
entitlement to its use _unless as the result of that alteration the extent of
the user is thereby increased_.

In my opinion, therefore, the mere alteration of the coach house into one
dwelling cannot have had any effect upon the existence of the right of way. It
should be borne in mind that there was no evidence whatever before the judge
that the actual or anticipated user by the plaintiffs of the way was in any
way excessive, either in quantity or quality.

[emphasis added]

73 In my view, _Graham v Philcox_ only decided the point that the amalgamation
of a dominant tenement and a non-dominant tenement does not _ipso facto_
affect the existing right of way of the dominant tenement. It did not hold
that as a result of the conversion of the two dwellings into one, the ground
floor flat was thus entitled to the same right of way. I would imagine that in
that case, as the same individuals would be occupying the first floor flat as
well as the ground floor flat, distinguishing the capacity in which they
exercised the right of way over the servient tenement would be difficult, if
not impossible. Thus May LJ had to add the caveat, namely, “unless as the
result of that alteration the extent of the user is thereby increased”. In the
circumstances there, the conversion of the two dwellings into one could not
_per se_ cause any excessive use of the right of way. Another way to look at
the case is this. If sometime in the near future the single dwelling were to
be reverted to the previous position of two separate dwellings, the occupants
of the ground floor flat could hardly be able to contend that they should be
entitled to the same right of way as the first floor flat.

74 Having regard to the foregoing, that part of the judgment of this court in
the second action (quoted in [41] above) only decided the first contention. It
did not discuss the implications of the fact that all the three residential
blocks of Grange Heights stand on what was previously Lot 561. To hold that
this court had in the second action decided the issue would be to say that
this court had rejected _Harris v Flower_ , and all other authorities before
and after it, by a side wind, when _Graham v Philcox_ itself did not reject
_Harris v Flower_ but thought that it was inapplicable on the facts of the
case. It is unthinkable that such a monumental change to the common law was
intended by the court there without even discussing _Harris v Flower_ and the
other related cases and without offering any reasons why a different approach
should be adopted in Singapore. Not a word was uttered disapproving _Harris v
Flower_. I cannot see any compelling reasons why we should deviate from
_Harris v Flower_ especially where the implications of such a deviation would
be immense. At that juncture, Lee Tat’s rights were purely those of a dominant
tenement, its interest being to ensure that its enjoyment of the right of way
was not interfered with: see 869, [20] of the decision of this court in the
second action ([41] _supra_). Though it tried to, it could not really raise
the issue of trespass. What Lee Tat could raise was that its enjoyment of the
right of way had been interfered with but it did not do so, and not having
raised that, it had no basis to question MCST 301’s exercise of the right of
way, far less to obstruct the right of way which the land (previously Lot
111-34) enjoyed over the servient tenement.

**Decision was collateral**

75 Moreover, even if I were wrong and this court did, in fact, hold that Lot
561 was entitled to a right of way over the servient tenement, it does not
follow that every prior decision on an issue must necessarily give rise to
issue estoppel. _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley on the Doctrine of Res
Judicata_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996) states at para 201:

Even when the court has expressly determined the same issue in the earlier
proceeding an issue estoppel will not necessarily result. Only determinations
which are necessary to the decision, and fundamental to it, will found an
issue estoppel. Other determinations, however positive, cannot.

76 At the next paragraph, para 202, _Spencer Bower_ sets out how one can
distinguish the fundamental from the collateral as follows:

“The difficulty in the actual application of these conceptions”, continued
Dixon J, “is to distinguish the matters fundamental or cardinal to the prior
decision or judgment, or necessarily involved in it as its legal justification
or foundation, from matters which, even though actually raised and decided as
being in the circumstances of the case the determining considerations, yet are
not in point of law the essential foundation or groundwork of the judgment”.
In order to make this distinction one has to inquire whether the determination
was so fundamental to the decision that the latter cannot stand without it.
Even where this condition is met, it is suggested by Dixon J that there is
another test to pass, viz. whether the determination is the “immediate
foundation” of the decision or merely “a proposition collateral or subsidiary
only, i.e. no more than part of the reasoning supporting the conclusion”. A
mere step in the reasoning is insufficient. What is required is a
determination fundamental to the decision.

One test which has been suggested is: was it possible to appeal against the
determination? This will not decide the question in all cases; but is often a
useful test. There are many determinations which cannot effectively be
challenged on appeal. If there can be no effective appeal against a particular
determination it is not fundamental to the judgment. But this is not the only
test; the inquiry must always be – is the determination such that without it
the judgment cannot stand?

77 Therefore, even if I should hold that the issue was decided in the decision
of this court in the second action, this part of the decision was certainly
not needed, nor was it the foundation upon which relief was granted to MCST
301 in that action. Not having there alleged that the exercise of the right of
way by the residents of Grange Heights was excessive and had interfered with
its enjoyment thereof, Lee Tat must fail in its defence. It had no right to
obstruct the right of way which Lot 111-34 (although it has now become a part
of the larger Lot 687) was entitled to enjoy as the dominant tenement. The
decisions in the second action (both at the High Court and at the Court of
Appeal) really reaffirmed the decisions made in the first action that Lee Tat
could only ask for relief if its enjoyment of the right of way over the
servient tenement had been substantially interfered with. As that was not
alleged, its defence in the second action must fail _in limine._ As Woo J, in
my respectful view, rightly observed at [41] of his judgment:

[A]n owner of some dominant tenements can raise the issue on the scope of the
right of way enjoyed by another owner of another dominant tenement if it were
alleged that the right of way enjoyed by the other owner affected the first
owner’s enjoyment of his own right of way.

Not having made such an allegation of interference, it had no right to
complain and take the law into its own hands by putting up the gate and the
fence.

78 It was suggested by MCST 301 that on the authority of _Bracewell v Appleby_
([58] _supra_), Lee Tat had the right to seek substantive relief even though
as the owner of a dominant tenement its enjoyment of the right of way was not
substantially interfered with. However, on close scrutiny of that case it
would appear that the plaintiff in _Bracewell v Appleby_ did own a part of the
private road over which each of the six houses in the _cul-de-sac_ had a right
of way: see 411 and 414 of the report.

**Ancillary reasons**

79 In passing, I would point out that the judge below also seemed to have
thought that issue estoppel was applicable because:

(a) otherwise it would mean that if Lee Tat were to subsequently acquire
another dominant tenement (if that were possible) it could start the battle
all over again; and

(b) it would render the decision of this court in the second proceedings
nugatory.

80 It would be clear from the above that these concerns were, with respect,
not well-founded. If Lee Tat were to acquire another dominant tenement, it is
clear that it could not by virtue of that fact alone initiate a new action to
raise the same issue because acquiring an additional dominant tenement would
not have altered Lee Tat’s rights. It would make no difference whether Lee Tat
had then owned two dominant tenements or three. Neither would allowing the
present action to proceed render the decision of this court in the second
action nugatory. As I have said, all that was decided there was that Lee Tat,
as the owner of a dominant tenement, was not entitled to put up the gate and
fence at both ends of the servient tenement to stop people from getting into
or from what was previously Lot 111-34.

**Laches/acquiscence**

81 A subsidiary point raised by MCST 301 was that if issue estoppel did not
arise, the action by Lee Tat should still be dismissed on the ground of laches
or acquiescence. There was no allegation of time bar. It is true that Lee Tat
could have instituted the present action soon after it acquired the servient
tenement instead of waiting for several years. In the meantime, a number of
ancillary proceedings involving Lee Tat and MCST 301 took place after Lee Tat
had acquired the servient tenement and where MCST 301 alleged that Lee Tat had
failed to comply with the injunction granted by Coomaraswamy J. Yet Lee Tat
did not raise the point which it raised in OS 825. Be that as it may, the fact
remained that there was no assertion, or evidence tendered to show, that the
delay in instituting the action had caused MCST 301 any irreparable prejudice.
Costs incurred in those proceedings had been paid. Thus there was clearly no
merit in this point. I do not need to belabour it further.

**Judgment**

82 In the premises, I would hold that no issue estoppel arose in relation to
OS 825 for two reasons. First, although the main issue raised in OS 825 was
earlier raised as a defence in the second action, it was not ruled upon by
either the High Court or this court. Second, even if the courts in the second
action could be treated as having decided the issue (that the land which was
previously Lot 561, and the apartment erected thereon, had a right of way over
the servient tenement) it was a decision which was not necessary in relation
to the main question in the second action as I have discussed above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

