Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 112

Case Number | : | OS 1611/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Justin Chan Yew Loong (Tito Isaac and Co) for the applicant; Ronald Choo Han Woon (Rajah and Tann) for the creditor, Samwoh Resources Pte Ltd; Ang Keng Ling (Khattar Wong and Partners) for the creditor, United Overseas Bank Ltd   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Application to convene creditors' meeting
to consider scheme of arrangement and stay of legal proceedings pending
meeting – Opposing creditors representing more than one-fourth in value of
creditors – Material non-disclosure by applicant – Whether application should
be granted – Section 210 Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

24 June 2005

Lai Kew Chai J:

1 In this originating summons, Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd (“the applicant”)
applied under s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for
an order that it be at liberty to convene a meeting for the purpose of
considering a scheme of arrangement proposed by the applicant to its
creditors. The applicant also asked for an order, which is usual in such
applications, that no proceedings in any action be taken against it or
continued from the date of the order to be made until the holding of the
meeting of the creditors pursuant to s 210(1) of the Act. At the conclusion of
the hearing, I dismissed the application with costs fixed at $750 each for the
two creditors which had appeared at the hearing to oppose the application. I
understand that the applicant has been wound up on 25 February 2005. Brief
grounds are nevertheless set out.

2 The applicant was incorporated in Singapore in 1995 with a paid-up capital
of $80,000. Its business was to undertake construction and engineering works,
especially foundation works such as micropiling, bored and conventional
piling. It was part of the Ng Huat group of companies (“the Ng Huat group”),
comprising the applicant, Ng Huat Engineering Pte Ltd, Ng Huat Construction
Pte Ltd, NHE Heavy Equipment Pte Ltd and Ng Huat Investment Pte Ltd. Ng Huat
Engineering Pte Ltd was at the material time under judicial management. NHE
Heavy Equipment Pte Ltd was in liquidation. The Ng Huat group was run
principally by Tony Ng and his wife, Mdm Lee Ah Poh. Tony Ng was an
undischarged bankrupt.

3 The total liabilities of the applicant amounted to approximately $1.3m and
its total assets amounted to approximately $44,000.00.

4 Under the proposed scheme, the applicant would procure to be paid to each
unrelated scheme creditor 35% of the outstanding owed, payable by staggered
instalments over seven months and ten days.

5 It should be highlighted that the proposed scheme was entirely dependent on
funds to be injected or procured by Mdm Lee Ah Poh.

6 Both counsel who appeared for the two creditors opposing the application
informed the court that a bankruptcy petition in Bankruptcy Suit No 4855 of
2004 had been presented against Mdm Lee Ah Poh. It was fixed for hearing on
the day following the hearing before me. Counsel for the applicant told me
that he was instructed that Mdm Lee would be able to fund the first three
payments. However, it was indicative of the candour of the applicant and/or
Mdm Lee Ah Poh that counsel for the opposing creditors were not informed of
this.

7 I was also informed by both counsel of the two opposing creditors that they
collectively represented 34% in value of the creditors and their clients would
definitely vote against the scheme. Under s 210(3) of the Act, among other
things, a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors, voting in person or by proxy, have to vote in favour of the scheme
at the meeting ordered by the court before the scheme of compromise can bind
all the creditors of the applicant. In the result, it was not seriously
disputed before me that the applicant would not have been able to have the
scheme approved, so that it would be legally binding on all its creditors.

8 In considering an application under s 210 of the Act, a court has to
consider the overall fairness of the scheme and the prospects of its
acceptance by 75% in value of the creditors: see _Re Halley’s Departmental
Store Pte Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 70 at 74, [16]–[17].

9 I did not think that there was any prospect of the scheme receiving the
approval of the requisite three-fourths in value of the creditors. I did not
think that a court should act in vain.

10 Further, there was a material non-disclosure on the part of the applicant.
It was not disclosed that Mdm Lee Ah Poh had bankruptcy proceedings filed
against her. It was also not disclosed that one of the opposing creditors,
Samwoh Resources Pte Ltd, had obtained an arbitration award against the
applicant.

11 In these circumstances, I made the orders that I did.

Application dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

