Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gan Cheng Chan v Gan Meng Hui  
[2005] SGHC 55

Case Number | : | Suit 405/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jason Lim (Michael Khoo and Partners) for the plaintiff; Irving Choh and Janice Sim (Rajah and Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Gan Cheng Chan — Gan Meng Hui   
  
Contract – Intention to enter into legal relations – Whether daughter's
contention that agreement disadvantageous to her constituted acceptance that
there was an agreement in force – Whether there was intention to enter into
legal relations  
  
Contract – Undue influence – Daughter signing agreement providing for loan to
father – Whether agreement manifestly disadvantageous to daughter – Whether
presumed undue influence exercised by father over daughter  
  

18 March 2005

Lai Siu Chiu J:

**The background**

1 Gan Cheng Chan (the plaintiff) is the father of Gan Meng Hui (the
defendant). The plaintiff sued the defendant for specific performance of an
agreement dated 7 November 2003 (“the Agreement”), alternatively, for damages.

2 The defendant filed a Defence and Counterclaim to the Statement of Claim.
After he had filed a Reply and Defence to the Counterclaim, the plaintiff
applied for summary judgment (“the application”) against the defendant. The
application was heard by the assistant registrar, who ordered that the
defendant be granted unconditional leave to defend the action.

3 The plaintiff appealed against the decision of the assistant registrar in
Registrar’s Appeal No 302 of 2004 (“the appeal”). I heard the appeal and
varied the order of the assistant registrar by granting conditional leave to
the defendant to defend the plaintiff’s claim, provided she furnished security
in the sum of $187,500 for the claim by 3 December 2004, failing which the
Defence and Counterclaim she filed would be set aside and the plaintiff would
be at liberty to enter final judgment against her with costs.

4 Being dissatisfied with the orders I made, the defendant has filed a Notice
of Appeal (in Civil Appeal No 121 of 2004) against my decision.

**The facts**

5 The facts leading to the filing of this suit are to be found in the
affidavits filed for the application. It would be necessary for me to first
set out the history behind the Agreement, before I deal with the affidavits of
the parties.

6 Ang Suan Hong (“Ang”), the defendant’s mother, was divorced from the
plaintiff in June 2002. The couple has five children of whom the defendant is
the eldest daughter, being 25 years of age at the material time. The couple
were the co-founders of a family business in textiles and apparel
manufacturing known as Ghim Li Holdings Co Pte Ltd (“the Company”). It is
reputed to be the largest garment manufacturer in Singapore.

7 Prior to the execution of the Agreement and two other deeds, the plaintiff
was the executive chairman and a director of the Company. He was also a
director of the following affiliated or subsidiary companies:

(a) Ghim Li Global Pte Ltd;

(b) Ghim Land Property Investments Pte Ltd;

(c) Maxim Textile Technology (Pte) Ltd;

(d) Jopatch Apparel Pte Ltd;

(e) Jati Freedom Textile Sdn Bhd.

The Company, together with the above companies, shall hereinafter be referred
to collectively as “the Ghim Li group of companies”.

8 Despite their divorce, the couple continued their working relationship of
managing the company until an incident in 2002 where the plaintiff borrowed
money from the Company to buy its shares. As a result, the plaintiff was
obliged to apply to court under s 391 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev
Ed) to rectify his breach. As the Company was then intending to apply for a
public listing, the plaintiff knew he would have to resign from the management
of the Company so as not to jeopardise its floatation.

9 However (according to the defendant), the plaintiff refused to vacate his
office at the Company and demanded huge sums of money by way of compensation.
This led to quarrels between the couple and Ang sought to remove the plaintiff
as a director, by calling for an extraordinary general meeting of the Company
to be held on 30 September 2003, after he refused to step down as chairman and
director at her request, by his letter dated 4 September 2003. Further
arguments ensued between the couple. Eventually, as a compromise, the
plaintiff and Ang signed a deed of settlement (“the Settlement Deed”).
Separately, the defendant and the plaintiff signed the Agreement while Ang and
the defendant signed a deed of undertaking (“the Undertaking”). Like the
Agreement, the Settlement Deed and the Undertaking were signed
contemporaneously and were also dated 7 November 2003. Recital C in the
Agreement stated that the Agreement and the Undertaking were supplemental to
the Settlement Deed.

10 Although the defendant admitted she signed the Agreement, she claimed she
was not legally advised whereas the Company and Ang had separate legal
representation. The defendant claimed the plaintiff approached her and coaxed
her to sign the Agreement after he had executed the Settlement Deed with Ang;
it was to ensure he would receive some money after the Company was listed. The
defendant was in a dilemma. She had just joined the Company in 2002 (at 22
years of age) after graduating from her studies in the United States. She did
not want to make her father unhappy by refusing his request. At the same time,
she knew (and so did the plaintiff) that she did not have the means to perform
the Agreement, one of which terms included lending the plaintiff $750,000.
Despite her misgivings, however, the defendant signed the Agreement on the
plaintiff’s persuasion. On hindsight, the defendant realised the Agreement was
actually a ploy on the part of the plaintiff to procure Ang to pay him
$750,000.

11 The Settlement Deed was a global settlement between the couple covering the
plaintiff’s interests, shareholdings, office and remuneration in the Ghim Li
group of companies as well as the matrimonial home at 5 Oak Avenue (“the
property”). The Agreement also covered the same subject matters as the
Settlement Deed and certain trust shares beneficially owned by the plaintiff.
The Undertaking was in respect of shares in the Company that the defendant
held on trust for Ang. In the three agreements, Ang was referred to as
“Estina”, the plaintiff was referred to as “Jefre” while the defendant was
referred to as “Surina”.

12 As all three agreements have a bearing on the appeal, I shall consider them
in turn. I turn first to the Settlement Deed. The clauses relevant to this
suit and the appeal are the following:

(a) Clause 2.2.1: Ang would take steps to sell the property and upon
completion of its sale, she would cease to have any interest in the same.

(b) Clause 2.2.2: The plaintiff would pay Ang $322,554.87 upon the execution
of the Settlement Deed which payment would release the plaintiff’s siblings
from any liability to repay her the sum.

(c) Clause 2.2.3: Upon execution of the Settlement Deed, Ang would have no
further claims of any nature whatsoever and howsoever against the plaintiff in
respect of all the subject matters covered by the document.

(d) Clause 2.3.1: The plaintiff would vacate the property either by 31 January
2004 or within seven days prior to the date of completion in the event Ang
procured a sale, whichever was the earlier.

(e) Clause 2.3.3: The plaintiff would pay, by 31 March 2006, a total sum of
$370,662.16 to the couple’s five children, including the defendant, in varying
proportions.

(f) Clause 2.3.4: The plaintiff would pay another sum of $332,554.87 to the
couple’s two youngest children.

(g) Clause 2.3.6: The plaintiff would not have any authority with effect from
1 September 2003 to transact any business in any capacity on behalf of the
Ghim Li group of companies.

(h) Clause 2.3.7: The plaintiff would not have any ownership and/or management
interest in any entity or assets of the Ghim Li group of companies other than
his 10% shareholding in the Company or in the Company after it has listed.

13 Clause 3 of the Settlement Deed contained Ang’s representations, warranties
and undertakings to the plaintiff whilst cl 4 contained the plaintiff’s
similar representations, warranties and undertakings to Ang.

14 I turn next to the Agreement. The following are the relevant clauses:

(a) Clause 2.1: The plaintiff would sell to the defendant all his shares (“the
settlement shares”) in the following companies:

Name Shares

(i) Ghim Li Apparel (Fiji) Limited 800,000

(ii) Ghim Li Global Corporation Limited 500,000

(iii) JES Fashion Co Pte Ltd 958,226

(iv) Jopath Apparel Pte Ltd 1

(v) Ghim Land Property Investments Pte Ltd 1

(b) Clause 2.2: The legal and/or beneficial interests over the settlement
shares would be deemed to be transferred to the defendant as from the date of
the Agreement.

(c) Clause 3.1: Completion of transfer of the settlement shares would take
place seven days from the date of the Agreement.

(d) Clause 3.2.2: The plaintiff would tender his resignation as director from
six entities in the Ghim Li group of companies from the date of the Agreement.

(e) Clause 4.2.6: The plaintiff would not, from the date of his resignation,
have any authority to transact any business on behalf of the Company or any
entity in the Ghim Li group of companies in any capacity whatsoever.

(f) Clause 4.2.7: The plaintiff would not, upon entering into the Agreement,
have any ownership and/or management interest howsoever arising, in any entity
in the Ghim Li group of companies other than his shareholdings in the Company.

15 As the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim specifically alleged that the
defendant had breached cl 6.1.3 of the Agreement in relation to his claim for
the sum of $187,500, I shall now set out the full text of cl 6 of the
Agreement, which was headed “Consideration”:

6.1 In consideration of Clause 2.2 and the representations, warranties and
undertakings given by [the plaintiff] herein, [the defendant] represents,
warrants and undertakes to [the plaintiff] as follows:

6.1.1 she shall, on and from the [date of the Agreement], assume the liability
to repay the JG Debts [JG Debts was defined in cl 1 as a sum up to $5.75m
allegedly owing by the plaintiff to the Ghim Li group of companies of which
the plaintiff made no admission];

6.1.2 she shall, as soon as practicable after the [date of the Agreement],
procure the release of all personal guarantees given by [the plaintiff] in
respect of loans and other financing given by financial institutions to
entities in the Ghim Li [group of companies] and shall otherwise indemnify and
hold him harmless against any claims, actions or other liabilities arising
from those guarantees;

6.1.3 she shall make an interest-free loan to [the plaintiff] of a sum of
S$750,000 payable in twelve (12) equal instalments at the end of each calendar
year in the year 2004 ...; and

6.1.4 she shall procure that, on the [date of the Agreement], the plaintiff is
paid a sum of S$200,000 representing his salary and bonus as an employee of
the Ghim Li [group of companies] for the period from 1 September 2003 to 31
December 2003 less (i) a sum of S$15,200 being the employer’s Central
Provident Fund contribution in respect of the aforesaid salary and bonus which
is paid directly into [the plaintiff’s] Central Provident Fund account, (ii) a
sum of S$4.00 representing his contribution to the Chinese Development
Assistance Council; (iii) a sum of S$4,000 representing his contribution to
the welfare fund adopted by the Ghim Li [group of companies]; and (iv) a sum
of S$24,799 being his salary for the month of September 2003 and which has
already been paid to him plaintiff prior to the entry into of this Deed, thus
representing a resultant sum of S$155,997.

16 The plaintiff was also the beneficiary of a trust known as the G Trust,
established in Australia and constituted under an undated trust deed but which
was stamped in Australia on 17 October 1996. The principal object of the G
Trust was to hold shares in a company established to own and develop a hotel
in Australia. Under cl 4.2.2 of the Agreement, the plaintiff also agreed to
transfer his beneficial interest under the G Trust to the defendant.

17 Other terms in the Agreement mirrored those in the Settlement Deed and
similarly contained representations, warranties and undertakings from the
plaintiff to the defendant and _vice versa_.

18 According to the Undertaking, the defendant held 2,933,843 shares (“the
trust shares”) in the Company in trust for Ang. The trust shares represented
18% of the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company. If the Company or
any other company in the Ghim Li group of companies failed to launch its
initial public offer (“IPO”) and failed to gain admission to the official list
of the Stock Exchange of Singapore Ltd (“SGX”) by 30 September 2004, Ang
agreed to release the defendant as trustee with effect from 1 October 2004.
Ang further agreed to transfer her beneficial interest in the trust shares to
the defendant and the defendant’s four siblings.

19 In the event the shares of the Company or any other company in the Ghim Li
group of companies were listed on the SGX by 30 September 2004 or where the
said shares were not listed by 30 September 2004 but a preliminary prospectus
had by then been lodged with the Monetary Authority of Singapore or any other
regulatory authority, Ang was not required to release the defendant as
trustee. However, if the shares were not publicly listed as of 30 November
2004, Ang agreed to release the defendant as trustee with effect from 1
December 2004 and transfer the shares to her five children.

20 Ang gave certain representations, warranties and undertakings to the
defendant in the Undertaking and in return, the defendant gave similar
representations, warranties and undertakings to Ang.

21 I should add that prior to the execution of the Agreement, Ang had tendered
a letter of comfort addressed to the defendant. However, the terms were
unacceptable to the plaintiff and it was never signed. This was probably
because of the last sentence. The letter of comfort reads as follows:

Dear Surina

I am aware that you are entering into a Deed of Agreement with your father,
Gan Cheng Chan, in respect of interests, shareholdings, office, remuneration
in and affairs of the Ghim Li group of companies and will endeavour to support
you in the performance of your obligations thereunder in such manner as you
and I will agree to at the relevant point in time. Such support may include
loans to you or a transfer to you of shares in any company within the Ghim Li
group.

For the avoidance of doubt, this letter does not create any contractual or
legal obligations on my part in any way.

**The pleadings**

22 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff alleged that he had discharged his
obligations under the Agreement by delivering the settlement shares to the
defendant on or about 7 November 2003 which sale and purchase was completed on
or about 14 November 2003. He had resigned from his directorships and other
positions in the Ghim Li group of companies with effect from 1 September 2003.

23 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had breached cl 6.1.3 of the
Agreement as she had failed to give him the balance of the interest-free loan
of $750,000, after paying him $62,500 on 18 March 2004. As at the date of the
writ (14 May 2004), the plaintiff alleged the defendant owed him four
instalments totalling $187,500 on the said loan:

(a) $750,000 ÷ 12 = $62,500 per month

(b) January to April 2004 = $62,500 x 4 = $250,000

(c) Less _($62,500)_

$187,500

24 In addition to his claim for specific performance, the plaintiff prayed for
a declaration that he was entitled to a lien on the settlement shares in
respect of the sum due and payable under cl 6.1.3 of the Agreement (inclusive
of interest at 6% per annum) and in default of the defendant’s payment, that
he was entitled to enforce the lien. Finally, the plaintiff applied for an
injunction to restrain the defendant from transferring or otherwise dealing
with the settlement shares.

25 In the Defence and Counterclaim which she filed, the defendant alleged that
the plaintiff had breached the representations, undertakings and warranties in
the Agreement set out in cl 4 of the Agreement. In particular, the defendant
alleged that the plaintiff had breached cll 4.2.2, 4.2.6 and 4.2.7.

26 The defendant alleged she had relied on the plaintiff’s representations and
had been induced by them to enter into the Agreement. Subsequently, she
realised that the representations were untrue and by a letter dated 5 March
2004 from her solicitors to the plaintiff’s solicitors, she had given notice
of her intention to rescind the Agreement (“the notice of rescission”).

27 The defendant counterclaimed from the plaintiff the sum of $62,500 she had
paid him, alleging that the consideration for the payment of $250,000 had
failed. She prayed for rescission of the Agreement, alternatively for damages
to be assessed.

28 In his Reply and Defence to the Counterclaim, the plaintiff denied he had
made false representations to the defendant. He contended that the notice of
rescission was wrongful and baseless. The plaintiff averred that on 16 March
2004, the defendant agreed (by her solicitors’ letter) to comply with the
terms of the Agreement. This was followed two days later by the defendant’s
payment of $62,500 in accordance with cl 6.1.3. The plaintiff referred to his
solicitors’ letters to the defendant and/or to her solicitors’ letters dated
16 February, 5 March and 8 June 2004. He denied the defendant’s counterclaim.

**The affidavits**

29 I turn now to the affidavits filed by the defendant to resist the
application. In addition to what has been stated in [9] and [10] above, the
defendant in her first affidavit deposed that notwithstanding the signing of
the Agreement, her efforts at mediation between her parents worked partially
as the plaintiff withdrew the first Writ of Summons that he filed on 5 March
2004.

30 The defendant deposed she had borrowed from Ang the first instalment of
$62,500 that was paid to the plaintiff on 18 March 2004. Trouble started when
Ang could not afford the subsequent instalment payments due to the plaintiff.
On 24 June 2004, she had even visited France with the plaintiff and was
unaware of the problems between her parents until she was served with the Writ
herein.

31 Surprisingly, the defendant added that the Agreement was manifestly
disadvantageous to the plaintiff as he received no or no valuable
consideration in return for the loan of $750,000. This was an obvious drafting
error and I assumed the defendant meant herself, not the plaintiff as the
party who suffered the disadvantage. The defendant then went on to allege
(according to what was told to her by the staff of the Company) that the
plaintiff was in persistent breach of the representations, warranties and
undertakings. He had, in breach of cl 4.2.6 of the Agreement (see [14] above),
submitted a vexatious and frivolous complaint to the management of KBC Bank
resulting not only in its general manager, Yong Min Yong, being dismissed but
also in KBC Bank ceasing to act as lead manager of the proposed public listing
of the Company.

32 The defendant further alleged that the plaintiff had breached cl 4.2.7 (see
[14] above) of the Agreement by entering the Company’s premises in late
January 2004 without authorisation and persistently calling the staff and
officers of the Company and making unreasonable demands of them. The plaintiff
had also breached cl 4.2.2 of the Agreement (see [16] above) in that he had
failed to transfer his beneficial interest in the G Trust to the defendant.

33 It would not be necessary to refer to the plaintiff’s first affidavit filed
pursuant to O 14 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) in
support of the application. I turn instead to the plaintiff’s second
affidavit. The plaintiff rebutted the defendant’s claim that she did not have
independent legal advice when she signed the Agreement. He pointed out that
all three documents were drafted by the law firm, M/s Chang See Hiang &
Partners, on the instructions of Ang and the defendant, as directors of the
Company. He had by then resigned as a director.

34 As proof of his assertion, the plaintiff exhibited correspondence for the
period 1 September to 10 November 2003 between the parties. It was also clear
from the correspondence that he did not coax the defendant into signing the
Agreement. The allegation was a sham as the defendant had not given
particulars when or how he could have coaxed her into signing the document.
The plaintiff pointed out that the defendant raised the allegation for the
first time in her affidavit; she had never made the complaint previously, not
even in the notice of rescission.

35 The plaintiff deposed he had fully complied with his obligations under the
Agreement - he had sold and transferred his shares, resigned as chairman and
director from the Ghim Li group of companies and vacated the property. He
asserted the defendant’s other allegations against him were without merit and
denied he had entered the Company’s premises without permission and had caused
a disturbance. Further, he had always been willing and able to transfer the G
Trust shares as stated in his solicitors’ letters dated 16 February 2004 and 8
June 2004 to the defendant’s solicitors.

36 In her second affidavit, the defendant revealed that the plaintiff’s shares
in the Ghim Li group of companies were transferred back to him on 21 April
2004 (which he denied). She reiterated that she signed the Agreement to ensure
that the Company’s IPO would go smoothly and to pacify the plaintiff who was
constantly quarrelling with Ang. Because of the plaintiff’s complaint to KBC
Bank, the Company had to change its lead underwriters, resulting in the
Company having to incur additional expense and delay. As a further result of
the plaintiff’s complaint and this suit, the IPO was still pending.

37 The defendant pointed out that she was only earning $5,999 a month at the
material time and the plaintiff well knew she did not have the means to
advance him the loan of $750,000. The defendant maintained she was not legally
represented, pointing out that the exchange of correspondence exhibited in the
plaintiff’s second affidavit was between the solicitors for the Company and
Ang. She added that the Agreement was to the plaintiff’s benefit as he
received maximum advantage from his 10% shareholdings in the Company.

38 Finally, the defendant complained that notwithstanding that he had
expressed his willingness to do so in his solicitors’ letters, the plaintiff
had not transferred the G Trust shares to her, even after being reminded by
the Company’s officers. This resulted in the Company instituting Suit No 731
of 2004 against him. I should point out that this statement was incorrect.
Suit No 731 of 2004 was brought by JES Fashion Co Pte Ltd against the
plaintiff to recover loans totalling $5,155,136.76 extended to the plaintiff
between the years 2000 to 2003; it had nothing to do with the G Trust shares.
Indeed, this suit was a direct result of the defendant’s failure to comply
with cl 6.1.1 of the Agreement set out in [15] above.

**The submissions**

39 In the court below, counsel for the defendant argued that his client had
signed the Agreement (which was part of a family arrangement) under presumed
undue influence, due to the parent-child relationship. He cited _Peh Nam Kee v
Peh Lam Kong_ [1996] 1 SLR 75, _Rajabali Jumabhoy v Ameerali R Jumabhoy_
[1997] 3 SLR 802, _Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland NV v Burch_ [1997] 1 All ER
144 and other cases to support his argument. Counsel’s alternative submission
for the defendant (which directly contradicted his first) was that there was
no intention on her part to enter into legal relations. Counsel pointed out
that the defendant was wholly dependent on her parents, worked in a family
organisation and had no independent legal advice nor was she told to seek such
advice. The defendant had assumed huge liabilities (a loan of $750,000 to the
plaintiff and his debts of $5.75m) under the Agreement which she could ill
afford on her then monthly salary of $5,999; she received no corresponding
benefit in return.

40 Counsel for the plaintiff, on the other, hand submitted there could not
have been any undue influence for the following reasons:

(a) the defendant had never raised this defence prior to these proceedings
bearing in mind she had been sued by the plaintiff previously in Suit No 175
of 2004 (“the first Suit”);

(b) in exchange for the discontinuance of the first Suit, the defendant paid
the plaintiff the first instalment of $62,500 on 18 March 2004;

(c) the first instalment was paid after the defendant’s purported notice of
rescission dated 5 March 2004;

(d) the defendant attempted to give a second notice of rescission on 7 June
2004, claiming the plaintiff had breached his undertakings in the Agreement.

Counsel argued that even if there was parental influence in the family
arrangement or settlement, it would not _per se_ render the transaction
voidable. One needed to look at all the facts and adopt a robust approach.

**The decision**

**_Undue influence_**

41 Granted, the defendant was only 22 years of age when she signed the
Agreement and she signed it for altruistic reasons, _viz_ to try and help her
squabbling parents resolve their differences which, understandably, would have
adversely affected her and her four siblings. However, that did not mean there
was presumed undue influence on the part of the plaintiff in making her sign
the Agreement, which was part of a family arrangement.

42 _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 18 (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1977) (at para
301) defines a family arrangement as:

an agreement between members of the same family, intended to be generally and
reasonably for the benefit of the family either by compromising doubtful or
disputed rights or by preserving the family property or the peace and security
of the family by avoiding litigation or by saving its honour.

_Halsbury’s_ goes on to say (at para 304):

Family arrangements are governed by principles which are not applicable to
dealings between strangers. When deciding the rights of parties under a family
arrangement or a claim to upset such an arrangement, the court considers what
in the broadest view of the matter is most in the interest of the family, and
has regard to considerations which, in dealing with transactions between
persons not members of the same family, would not be taken into account.
Matters which would be fatal to the validity of similar transactions between
strangers are not objections to the binding effect of family arrangements. …

Although usually and necessarily present where a family arrangement is made,
parental influence will not by itself render the transaction voidable, but
where, at a time when he is not fully emancipated from his parent’s influence,
a child enters into a family arrangement under which the parent benefits to
the total exclusion of the child or benefits to an extent out of all
proportion to the benefit accruing to the child, there is a presumption of
undue influence. The presumption will be rebutted if it appears that, when the
arrangement was entered into, the child was able to form a free and unfettered
judgment independent of any sort of control.

43 In _Peh Nam Kee v Peh Lam Kong_ , Judith Prakash J said (at 102, [107]):

A court faced with the issue of whether a particular family arrangement should
be upheld or set aside has to be aware that family arrangements are very
special creatures which have to be treated rather differently from the
commercial transactions with which it is more often concerned.

The judge added (at 102–103, [108]–[109]):

... Adequacy of consideration is not usually an issue since in the nature of
such an arrangement founded on sentiment rather than commerce, only part of
the consideration is value, the other part being love and affection. …

It is also not fatal to a family arrangement that a party to it is ignorant of
the true state of his rights or is ignorant of the true nature of the
arrangement as long as the transaction has been effected in good faith and the
ignorant party has not been misled by anyone else and, in fact, has an
intention which is not widely different from that expressed by the
arrangement. It is also not essential to a family arrangement that the parties
to it receive independent legal advice, though of course this is desirable in
the interests of deflecting later challenges to the arrangement.

44 Bearing the above legal principles in mind and looking at the three deeds
in their proper perspective, the family arrangement was beyond criticism.
Indeed, if there was any undue influence exercised on the defendant (presumed
or actual), it came from Ang, not the plaintiff. This can be seen from the
alleged letter of comfort Ang wanted to give to the defendant before the
Agreement was executed but which the plaintiff rejected. The wording of the
letter (see [21] above) would have offered little comfort to either the
defendant or the plaintiff as it was non-binding, as evidenced by the last
sentence. The plaintiff probably thought, however, that having the defendant
sign the Agreement was the next best thing to securing Ang’s signature to the
same. All three signatories to the three deeds must have understood that Ang
was actually the party who was expected to honour the defendant’s obligations
under the Agreement _vis-à-vis_ the loan to the plaintiff and the
responsibility for his debts. Indeed, the defendant said as much in her first
affidavit, where she deposed (in paras 10 and 11) that she borrowed the first
instalment of $62,500 from her mother and advanced it to the plaintiff and all
was well until May 2004, when her mother could no longer afford the payments.

45 The defendant would not be in her present predicament had Ang continued to
pay the instalments for the plaintiff’s loan and had the Company been
successfully floated by September/November 2004. The plaintiff’s 10%
shareholding in the Company would then have had a real commercial value.

46 The correspondence exhibited in the affidavits referred to earlier showed
there could not have been any undue influence, actual or presumed. First, it
was noteworthy that the defendant, through her solicitors, actually affirmed
the Agreement by making payment of the first instalment due to the plaintiff
on 18 March 2004. Second, whilst the defendant was not legally represented,
she could have had access to legal advice. The exhibits to the affidavits
included an  
e-mail from a solicitor in Chang See Hiang & Partners, solicitors for the
Company, to the plaintiff’s solicitors, stating that the defendant had spoken
to the former and he was forwarding to the plaintiff’s solicitors the amended
Settlement Agreement and a draft of the Undertaking. The e-mail of 6 October
2003 was addressed to Alice Chong who was the Company’s financial controller.
The  
e-mail requested that the two documents be forwarded to Ang’s solicitors and
para 2 therein stated:

Please note that the documents have been amended/drafted solely in accordance
with what has been told to me and, as we do not act for any of the parties
named therein, the relevant parties are to seek advice from their respective
counsel in relation thereto.

47 It was plain from the above e-mail that (a) the three parties were told to
seek legal advice and (b) that the defendant had given instructions to the
Company’s lawyers on the Undertaking and the Settlement Deed. The defendant
must surely have been aware of the implications of the documents and could
have sought legal advice if she had wanted to. In truth, she did not because
she was content to rely on and expected Ang, her mother, to perform the
obligations under the Agreement on her behalf, on which Ang let her down.

48 The requirement at law is not that a party must seek legal advice before
entering into a transaction which he seeks to disavow but rather, that an
opportunity was afforded to the party to seek independent legal advice. It is
clear from their e-mail dated 6 October 2003 that the Company’s solicitors
specifically informed the defendant to consult her own legal counsel. It is no
answer to the plaintiff’s claim for the defendant to say that she did not heed
the advice of the Company’s counsel and failed to consult solicitors.

49 Counsel for the defendant acknowledged that there was no actual undue
influence in this case. Certainly, the defendant had not furnished any facts
or particulars to support such a defence. The defendant based her case
entirely on presumed undue influence for which her own counsel acknowledged
that the following conditions must be present:

(a) the existence of a special relationship which enabled one party to it to
influence the decision of the other; and

(b) the resulting transaction was manifestly disadvantageous to the person
subject to the influence.

50 The first condition was undoubtedly fulfilled due to the parent-daughter
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant. I was of the view,
however, that the defendant had failed to satisfy the second condition. The
Agreement could not be said to be manifestly disadvantageous to the defendant
for reasons which are set out below.

51 It was incorrect for her counsel to submit that the defendant received no
consideration in exchange for the onerous obligations she assumed under the
Agreement. I should point out that the plaintiff transferred to her all his
shares in five companies (see [14] above) in the Ghim Li group of companies.
The plaintiff further paid the defendant and her siblings $370,662.16 under
the Settlement Deed. Both the Agreement and the Undertaking were stated in the
Agreement to be supplemental to the Settlement Deed. The plaintiff’s
solicitors had also given notice that the plaintiff was willing to transfer to
the defendant his beneficial interest in the G Trust shares (see [16] above).
The plaintiff had, for all intents and purposes, therefore performed his part
of the bargain and he expected the defendant to perform her part by paying him
the instalments already due. It is not the function of the court, nor is it a
requirement at law, to look into the adequacy of the consideration, if indeed
the consideration was inadequate in the defendant’s case. Coupled with the
fact that the Agreement was part of a family arrangement, it could not be said
that the terms therein were manifestly disadvantageous to the defendant.

52 Had the Company been listed, all would have been well. The defendant, like
the plaintiff and Ang, would have benefited as a result. Under the terms of
the Undertaking, she would continue to hold as trustee for Ang the 2,933,843
shares in the Company. The defendant benefited personally as she held the
shares on trust for herself as well as for her siblings.

**_Intention to enter into legal relations_**

53 The alternative argument of counsel for the defendant was a non-starter. If
the defendant contended (which she did) that the Agreement was wholly
disadvantageous to her, it meant that she accepted that there was an agreement
in force. She could not blow hot and cold at one and the same time and assert
that she did not intend to enter into legal relations by the Agreement.

54 Her counsel had rightly conceded that the defendant’s payment of the first
instalment to the plaintiff of the loan of $750,000 was an act affirming the
Agreement. Therefore, she could no longer rely on the plaintiff’s alleged
antecedent breaches of the Agreement as a defence to his claim. Consequently,
it was unnecessary to consider whether the plaintiff was precluded by his
breaches from enforcing his claim under the Agreement.

55 For the reasons given earlier, I was of the view that the defendant had not
raised any genuine triable issues to warrant granting her unconditional leave
to defend the plaintiff’s claim. Even so, I gave her the benefit of the doubt
and granted her conditional leave to defend the action, provided she furnished
security equivalent to the plaintiff’s claim.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

