Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Transbilt Engineering Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Finebuild Systems Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGCA 33

Case Number | : | CA 115/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nandakumar Renganathan and Gong Chin Nam (T M Hoon and Co) for the appellant; A Rajandran (A Rajandran Joseph and Nayar) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Transbilt Engineering Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Finebuild Systems Pte Ltd   
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Debtor company wound up before creditor
company's garnishee order nisi made absolute – Whether creditor entitled to
retain benefit of garnishee order – Whether court should exercise discretion
to set aside rights of liquidator to allow continuation of garnishee
proceedings – Section 334(1)(c) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

11 July 2005

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant and the respondent were companies in the construction and
engineering business. The respondent obtained judgment against the appellant
in the District Court and on 4 May 2004 obtained an attachment order _nisi_ by
way of garnishee proceedings against the garnishee for $84,000. The garnishee
was ordered to show cause why the order should not be made absolute, and the
show cause was scheduled to take place on 1 June 2004. On 31 May 2004, the
garnishee notified the respondent that it was indebted to the appellant in the
sum of $84,000. On the same day the appellant commenced a voluntary winding up
by reason of its inability to pay its debts, and a provisional liquidator was
also appointed on the same day. A meeting of its creditors was scheduled to
take place on 10 June 2004, and consequently, the show cause proceedings were
adjourned to 13 July 2004. On 10 June 2004, the meeting endorsed and passed
the requisite resolution for winding up the appellant. By virtue of s
291(6)(_a_) of the Companies Act, (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), winding-
up proceedings were deemed to have commenced on 31 May 2004, the day the
provisional liquidator was appointed. The respondent, a creditor, was also
notified of the creditors’ meeting on 31 May 2004. There was no dispute that
that was the date of the commencement of the winding-up proceedings.

2 At the show cause hearing on 13 July 2004, the District Court granted leave
to the respondent to apply to the High Court for relief under s 334 of the
Act. The show cause hearing was consequently adjourned. The respondent then
applied to the High Court on 26 August 2004 and obtained an order setting
aside the liquidator’s rights. The application was made under s 334(1)(_c_),
which reads as follows:

Where a creditor has issued execution against the goods or land of a company
or has attached any debt due to the company and the company is subsequently
wound up, he shall not be entitled to retain the benefit of the execution or
attachment against the liquidator unless he has completed the execution or
attachment before the date of the commencement of the winding up, but the
rights conferred by this subsection on the liquidator may be set aside by the
Court in favour of the creditor to such extent and subject to such terms as
the Court thinks fit.

The only issue before us was whether the undisputed facts found by the High
Court justified an order setting aside the liquidator’s rights. The principal
provision in s 334(1) of the Act was intended to provide a clear path for a
liquidator to perform his tasks, and to that end, it expressly provides that
any inchoate execution and attachment will be nullified in that the executing
creditor may not reap the benefit of the execution or attachment. It means
also that no steps may be taken to complete the inchoate execution or
attachment proceedings, otherwise the provision will be substantially weakened
and itself nullified. This provision is also necessary to prevent any
disorganised or unfair rush by creditors to put assets of the company beyond
the liquidator’s control and thus alienate them from a fair distribution to
all creditors. It will be in this context that the discretionary power under
sub-s (1)(_c_) has to be considered.

3 There can be no quarrel with the view of Vaisey J in _Re Grosvenor Metal Co,
Ltd_ [1949] 2 All ER 948 at 950 that the English equivalent of s 334(1)(_c_)
does not require the creditor applicant to prove fraud or trickery, and indeed
none was found by the court in that case – nor in the present case before us.
What moved Vaisey J was the inequity of permitting the company to deprive the
applicant there of a larger share of its assets because the execution was
stalled by representations expressly made by the company. There is no similar
inequity in this case. There seemed to be only one major and significant
factor that underpinned the exercise of the lower court’s discretion in the
present case. That was the claim by one of the company’s directors, Yang Chun
Seng, that he had a substantial claim of $6,015,461.97 which, if admitted to
proof by the liquidator, would form about 78% of the company’s gross
liabilities of $7,649,677.57. The lower court had been of the view that if
Yang’s claim were invalid, the company’s realisable assets of $1,299,301.38
would not fall far short of the amount due to the other unsecured creditors.
Thus, even if the garnishee order of $84,000 were made absolute, the payouts
to each unsecured creditor would not be significantly reduced. On the other
hand, if Yang’s claim were valid, then according to the _pari passu_ principle
of distribution, the other unsecured creditors would only be able to share in
22% of the company’s assets, after Yang had obtained his share of 78%. In
these circumstances, each unsecured creditor would get pittance whether or not
the garnishee order was made absolute. On this view, it would mean that the
difference between granting and not granting the order, so far as the other
creditors’ financial positions were concerned, would be very small indeed. We
are of the view, however, that the merits of the proofs of debt,
apportionment, and the value of each creditor’s share are not factors to be
regarded as a point of principle. They may be relevant as peripheral and
additional considerations once a substantial ground such as that found in _Re
Grosvenor Metal Co, Ltd_ is established.

4 Counsel for the respondent submitted that the respondent should not be
regarded as any other general creditor because it had an execution order
_nisi_. This is not correct in principle since all creditors are placed on the
same footing with no preferential treatment or distinction between them at the
onset of liquidation. An incomplete execution or attachment is not an
exception. On the contrary, it is the rule as set out in s 334(1). _In re
Redman (Builders) Ltd_ [1964] 1 WLR 541 is another case in which an execution
creditor who had not completed his execution at the commencement of winding up
was treated as a creditor like any other. We would like to deal quickly with
the point made by the appellant’s counsel that s 334(1)(_c_) does not avail
the respondent because it applied only to cases in which the garnishee had
been made absolute. We need only say, that were that the case, we would have
to strain to find a useful application for s 334(1) itself. We do not think
that we can do that.

5 Lastly, for the sake of completeness, we should address the connected, yet
separate issue of whether an order _nisi_ ought to be made absolute after
commencement of winding up proceedings. The show cause proceedings is a
separate proceedings and the court would be obliged to complete the
proceedings, but for the reasons above, the intervention of the winding up
process has the effect of rendering all creditors in an equal position as a
way of providing a fair distribution of the company’s assets. Fairness in this
regard (of treating all creditors equally) applies to all creditors and is not
emphatic in respect of a select group of creditors. It is also a fairness to
be applied in all cases and therefore the possibility of individual or
specific instances of unfairness would have been taken into account in the
formulation of the general principle. It should be departed only in
exceptional circumstances, and where the law provides a basis for doing so. We
are aware that the English Court of Appeal in _Burston Finance Ltd v Godfrey_
[1976] 1 WLR 719 (“the _Burston_ case”) favoured the proposition that a
bankruptcy adjudication (and similarly thus, a company liquidation) after an
order _nisi_ , in itself, is not a sufficient cause for refusing to make the
order absolute. The House of Lords in _Roberts Petroleum Ltd v Bernard Kenny
Ltd_ [1983] 2 AC 192 (“ _Roberts Petroleum_ ”) rejected this view even though
the Court of Appeal below endorsed its decision in the _Burston_ case. Lord
Brightman’s leading opinion in _Roberts Petroleum_ gave reasons which we too
agree and adopt, for his conclusion that a company’s liquidation was a
sufficient cause for refusing to make the garnishee order absolute. First, he
held that “it may help to avert an unseemly scramble by creditors to achieve
priority at the last moment”, and second, “it establishes a clear working
rule, and avoids the uncertainties of an inquiry whether a scheme of
arrangement has been ‘set on foot and has a reasonable prospect of
succeeding’” (at 576). Thus, in respect of a show cause hearing, the order
_nisi_ ought to be discharged and not made absolute if the court is of the
view that the company is in liquidation or irretrievably on the road to
liquidation.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

