Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan (No 2)  
[2005] SGHC 2

Case Number | : | Suit 1459/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar, Nicolas Tang (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; The defendant in person   
Parties | : |  Lee Kuan Yew — Chee Soon Juan   
  
Tort – Defamation – Damages – Assessment of damages – Defendant alleging
plaintiff mishandling nation's funds – Principles of assessment –
Quantification of damages  
  
Civil Procedure – Reconvening hearing – Defendant not attending assessment of
damages hearing – Defendant applying to reconvene such hearing – Defendant
applying to cross-examine plaintiff and plaintiff's counsel in application to
reconvene hearing – Factors to consider when deciding whether to grant
defendant's applications to reconvene hearing and to cross-examine plaintiff
and plaintiff's counsel at such reconvened hearing  
  

6 January 2005  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This matter came before me for damages to be assessed following a finding
that the defendant had defamed the plaintiff.

2 The plaintiff, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, was the Senior Minister of Singapore before
he assumed the office of Minister Mentor on 12 August 2004. The defendant, Dr
Chee Soon Juan, was and is the Secretary-General of the Singapore Democratic
Party.

3 This action arose out of words the defendant said in the course of
campaigning in the 2001 Parliamentary General Elections.

**The subject words**

4 On 28 October 2001, the defendant spoke at an election rally at Nee Soon
Central. He told his audience:

Yesterday, Mr Lee Kuan Yew was at his best. When he’s at his best, names, bad
names have no problem rolling out of his tongue. He called me all sorts of
names. How do I react? I say no problem. No problem. Because the more names
you call me, I know the more it is that the PAP has to worry. I challenge the
PAP to stop calling me names and talk about the issues. …

And _so I challenged Mr Lee Kuan Yew yesterday to answer this one question,
why is he not addressing this very important issue that the SDP is campaigning
on this election._

…

… _So when we met … when we met Goh Chok Tong this morning during our
walkabout, he was there just about 3 or 4 feet away, I asked him, “Mr Goh,
what happened to our money? What happened to this $17 billion?” He wouldn’t
answer. He just waved us on. I am very serious about this. My friends, it is
your money, this is your money, no, not the Government’s money, not Goh Chok
Tong’s money. It is your money. And when I asked him and he waved us on, it
hit me, it hit me very clearly, that the Government will not answer you. The
Government can say, “No, I am not interested in answering you, because you are
not in Parliament … But if you get Mr Ling How Doong from the SDP into
Parliament, this guarantee I give you, the first question that he will ask is
what has happened to our $17 billion?_

_You must be very careful that you don’t give the entire government this free
rein to take your money and use it without any opposition keeping it in check.
And this is that same question that I want to ask Mr Lee Kuan Yew today.
Address this point._ I want to ask the media to publish this point. And you
see for yourselves tomorrow my friends, see for yourself whether the media is
going to publish it or not.

_Because this is one very important point in this election. If it will define
this campaign for the SDP it is this issue. We want the media, whether it is
your broadcast media or your press media to report on this what we’ve just
said tonight. Because it makes all the difference. And if they report it, then
I want to challenge Mr Lee Kuan Yew, please don’t live in the past, my dear
Senior Minister, this is not 1961. He has said that he wants to demolish me.
You can’t. Yes, can’t. This is 2001, when we don’t want to talk about
demolishing any more. We want to talk about creativity. We want to talk about
innovation. We want to talk about debate. That is very important. So Mr Lee
Kuan Yew, I challenge you, tell us about this $17 billion you loaned to
Suharto._

5 The plaintiff found the portions of that speech in italics (“the subject
words”) defamatory.

**The retracted apology**

6 The plaintiff instructed his solicitors, Drew & Napier LLC, to write to the
defendant. On 31 October 2001, they informed the defendant that he had falsely
accused the plaintiff of being dishonest and unfit for office because the
plaintiff had concealed from or misled Parliament and the public about a $17bn
loan made to Indonesia and had continued to evade the issue because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transaction.

7 They demanded that he agree to:

(a) publish, at [his] expense, an apology and undertaking in terms of the
draft now enclosed. The apology and undertaking is to be published with
appropriate prominence in the 1st, 2nd or 3rd November edition of the Straits
Times and the Today newspaper;

(b) read out the said apology at an SDP rally no later than 10 pm on 2nd
November 2001;

(c) compensate [the plaintiff] by way of damages; and

(d) agree to indemnify [the plaintiff] in respect of the costs which he will
have incurred in connection with this matter

no later than 10.00am on 2 November 2001 and warned him that if he did not
comply, legal proceedings would be commenced against him.

8 The defendant complied with the demands. On 31 October 2001 he read out an
apology at a rally at Jurong East in the set form:

1\. On Sunday 28 October 2001, during a walkabout at Jurong GRC and, later, at
a rally at Nee Soon Central, I made certain statements which were understood
to mean that Senior Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew is dishonest and unfit for office
because

(a) Mr Lee Kuan Yew concealed from Parliament and the public, and/or
deliberately misled Parliament in relation to, a $17 billion loan made to
Indonesia; and

(b) Mr Lee Kuan Yew’s continued evasion of the issue was because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transaction.

2\. I admit and acknowledge that I had no basis for making these allegations,
and that they are false and untrue.

3\. I, Chee Soon Juan, do hereby unreservedly withdraw these allegations and
apologise to Mr Lee Kuan Yew for the distress and embarrassment cause to him
by my false and baseless allegations.

4\. I hereby also undertake not to make any further allegations or statements
to the same or similar effect. I also wish to state that I have agreed to pay
Mr Lee Kuan Yew damages by way of compensation and to indemnify him for all
costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with this matter.

and he also caused the apology to be published in _The Straits Times_ and
_Today_ newspapers on 1 November 2001.

9 When the defendant went back on his promise to pay compensation and costs,
the plaintiff brought these proceedings against him.

**The action**

10 The plaintiff’s action was framed on two bases. The first was that the
plaintiff and the defendant had entered into a binding compromise whereby the
defendant was to perform the acts set out in the letter of 31 October 2001,
and the plaintiff impliedly agreed not to ask for full damages that he would
otherwise be entitled to.

11 The alternative claim was for defamation, that the subject words in their
natural and ordinary meaning, or by innuendo were understood to mean that the
plaintiff is dishonest and unfit for office because:

(a) the Plaintiff concealed from Parliament and the public, and/or
deliberately misled Parliament in relation to, a S$17 billion loan made to
Indonesia; and

(b) the Plaintiff’s continued evasion of the issue was because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transaction.

12 The defendant resisted the claim and filed a defence and counterclaim that
the plaintiff had defamed him. He also commenced third party proceedings, but
did not prosecute them. In his defence, he denied speaking the words the
plaintiff complained of, that those words referred to the plaintiff, that they
were defamatory, and that he was liable for the republication of the words,
and he pleaded the defences of justification, qualified privilege and fair
comment. He also asserted that the compromise was invalid because it was the
product of duress and intimidation.

13 The plaintiff applied for summary judgment against the defendant. When the
application was argued before a senior assistant registrar (“SAR”) the
plaintiff produced clear and comprehensive evidence that no loan as alleged by
the defendant was made, and that the full facts about loans to Indonesia had
been made known to Parliament and the public, and the information was in the
public domain.

14 On 19 August 2002 after hearing the parties, the SAR entered interlocutory
judgment for the plaintiff on the compromise as well as for defamation with
damages (including aggravated damages) to be assessed by a judge in open court
and costs including the assessment of damages to be taxed on the indemnity
basis if not agreed. The SAR noted in his grounds of decision that the only
defence presented before him was that the compromise was null and void by the
taint of duress and intimidation. The SAR found specifically that the subject
words bore the meaning that the plaintiff contended.

15 The defendant appealed against that decision. The appeal was heard by MPH
Rubin J. The judge dismissed the appeal and affirmed the SAR’s decision. The
defendant did not pursue the matter further.

**The assessment hearing**

16 The hearing was fixed for 6 to 8 September 2004. The defendant did not
attend the assessment hearing.

17 The defendant was kept informed of the developments leading to the
assessment hearing before me. After the order for summary judgment was
affirmed, the plaintiff’s solicitors applied for directions for the assessment
of damages.

18 On 29 July 2003, counsel for the plaintiff, and the defendant himself,
attended before an assistant registrar. The assistant registrar ordered that
the parties file their lists of documents relating to damages by 19 September
2003, and for inspection of the documents within 21 days from that date. The
assistant registrar also ordered the parties to file and serve their
affidavits of evidence-in-chief by 16 January 2004. The defendant did not file
his list of documents or affidavit of evidence-in-chief.

19 By a letter dated 31 January 2004, he informed the Registrar:

I will be away on a fellowship in the United States (National Endowment for
Democracy) from February until August 2004. As such I would be grateful if you
could adjourn the above matter until my return.

20 On 4 February 2004, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the Registrar to
seek an appointment to fix hearing dates for the assessment of damages. In
response to the request, the parties were directed to attend before an
assistant registrar on 10 February 2004.

21 On 10 February, the solicitors for the plaintiff attended before the
assistant registrar, but the defendant was absent. The assistant registrar
fixed the assessment of damages for hearing on 6 to 8 September 2004. The
plaintiff’s solicitors informed the defendant of the hearing dates by letter.

22 Nothing was heard from the defendant for months. Then he informed the
Registrar by a letter dated 28 July 2004:

With reference to the date of 6 September 2004 for the hearing of the
assessment of damages for Suit Nos 1459 of 2001/F and 1460 of 2001/X, please
be informed that due to unforeseen circumstances, I will return to Singapore
only in September 2004.

As I will require time to settle in after being away for half a year, I will
not be able to prepare for the hearing immediately upon my return. I would
like to be able to explore a mutually convenient date with the plaintiffs for
the hearing.

23 In response to that letter, the Registry issued a notice to the parties to
attend before me for directions on 2 September 2004, to which it received
another letter from the defendant dated 20 August 2004 stating:

I refer to your letter dated 12 August 2004 in which you indicated that the
parties would appear before Justice Kan Ting Chiu for directions on Thurs 2
Sept 2004 at 10 am.

I had faxed you a letter dated 10 August 2004, indicating that I would be back
in Singapore only in September. Perhaps it wasn’t clear in my letter but I
will only be returning in mid-September, hence, my letter to indicate that I
would not be able to attend the hearing originally set for 6 September 2004.

This would mean that I would not be able to make it on 2 September 2004 for
directions. I apologise for the misunderstanding and would like to request
that another date be selected in early October for directions.

(The reference to the letter dated 10 August 2004 appears to be a mistake. The
letter was dated 28 July 2004.)

24 On 24 August 2004, the Registry informed the defendant that the hearing for
directions on 2 September 2004 would proceed, and that the assessment of
damages would be heard on 6 to 8 September 2004.

25 The defendant did not respond to the letter and did not attend before me on
2 September 2004. Counsel for the plaintiff informed me that they were ready
to proceed with the assessment. I directed the assessment of damages to
proceed for this suit, to be followed by the assessment of damages in the
related action in Suit No 1460 of 2001, _Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan._ The
Registry informed the defendant of these directions.

26 When the defendant failed to attend the hearing on 6 September 2004, I
proceeded with the assessment in his absence. The plaintiff’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief was admitted in evidence with minor corrections. At the
close of the hearing, I ordered the parties to make their written submissions
by 13 September 2004 and their replies by 20 September 2004. The plaintiff’s
written submissions were filed in compliance with my order.

27 The defendant did not file his submissions. Instead, he wrote to the Chief
Justice on 16 September 2004 to request for the hearing to be reconvened so
that he could cross-examine the plaintiff.

28 The parties were informed to come before me on 30 September 2004. The
defendant then made the application to me. Mr Davinder Singh SC, who appeared
for the plaintiff, did not object to the application, but asked that the
defendant state the grounds of the application in an affidavit and that the
defendant be subject to cross-examination on his affidavit.

29 I agreed that the defendant should state the full facts and basis on which
he wanted to have the assessment hearing reconvened for him to cross-examine
the plaintiff, and I directed him to file and serve his affidavit by 13
October 2004. I left the question whether he was to be cross-examined on his
affidavit to be decided after the affidavit was made.

**The defendant’s application to cross-examine the plaintiff**

30 The defendant’s application would not have been necessary had he attended
the hearing scheduled on 6 to 8 September 2004. At that hearing, he would have
been entitled to cross-examine the plaintiff on the assessment of damages.

31 By being absent, he did not avail himself of the right. Nevertheless, I was
prepared to consider his application that the proceedings be rolled back for
him to cross-examine the plaintiff. Although the defendant filed the affidavit
out of time on 15 October 2004, and failed to serve it on the plaintiff as
directed, I heard the application on its merits.

32 In his affidavit, the defendant referred to his absence from Singapore in
four paragraphs:

4\. I left Singapore for Durban, South Africa to attend a conference of the
World Movement for Democracy from 1-5 February 2004. I returned to Singapore
from South Africa on 6 February 2004. I left Singapore on 11 February 2004 and
returned on 14 September 2004.

...

12\. I left the United States on 30 August 2004 and arrived in Taiwan on 31
August 2004.

13\. I remained in Taiwan and attended a meeting of the Alliance for Reform
and Democracy in Asia on 9 to 10 September 2004.

14\. I left Taiwan on 14 September 2004 and arrived in Singapore the same day.

33 The affidavit did not set out the case for re-calling the plaintiff for
cross-examination. As the defendant had failed to attend the hearing on 6
September 2004, there must be grounds to justify the reconvening of the
hearing; he must show that he had acted responsibly and in good faith in
respect of the assessment of damages and had a genuine and sound reason for
being absent.

34 For this reason, the background to the assessment hearing was reviewed. On
29 July 2003, when the parties appeared before an assistant registrar,
directions were made, _inter alia_ , that:

1\. The Plaintiff by 19 September 2003 serve the Defendant with a list of
documents limited to the documents relating to the damages and file an
affidavit verifying such list.

2\. The Defendant by 19 September 2003 serve the Plaintiff with a list of
documents limited to the documents relating to the damages and file an
affidavit verifying such list.

3\. Inspection of documents in the List of Documents be completed within 21
days from 19 September 2003.

4\. The Plaintiff and the Defendant do file and serve on each other affidavits
of the evidence in chief of all witnesses by 16 January 2004 and objections to
the contents of the affidavit evidence shall be taken within fourteen (14)
days after the exchange of the affidavit evidence.

35 The defendant did not serve his list of documents, affidavit or notice of
objection on the plaintiff. On 31 January 2004, the defendant wrote to the
Registrar and the plaintiff’s solicitors the letter set out in [19] above.

36 The Registrar issued a notice dated 5 February 2004 for parties to appear
before an assistant registrar on 10 August 2004 to take directions. The
defendant did not attend before the assistant registrar although he was in
Singapore. His explanation was that he did not receive the notice. The
assessment was fixed for 6 to 8 September 2004 in his absence.

37 A notice of appointment for the hearing dated 12 February 2004 was issued
to him, but he did not respond till 28 July 2004, when he wrote to the
Registrar the letter set out at [22] above.

38 He explained that he had not written earlier because he only became aware
of the dates when his sister brought to him the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter
informing him of the hearing dates when she visited him in the United States
in July 2004.

39 The hearing dates were not changed. Instead, the Registrar informed the
parties on 12 August 2004 to appear before me on 2 September 2004 to take
directions.

40 The defendant’s response was to write to the Registrar again on 20 August
2004 the letter set out at [23] above.

41 The affidavit the defendant filed was lacking in particulars of his
fellowship and of his inability to return to Singapore for the assessment
hearing. There was no specific information about the duration of the
fellowship or of his movements after its completion.

42 Mr Singh applied to cross-examine the defendant on the affidavit. He argued
that the affidavit was insufficient to support the defendant’s application and
that he should be cross-examined on it to show that the application was
without merit. The defendant rose to the challenge and agreed to be cross-
examined.

43 With the benefit of cross-examination, a fuller picture emerged of the
circumstances of the defendant’s absence from Singapore. When the defendant
was out of Singapore from February to September 2004, besides attending the
fellowship, he made other trips:

(i) 1–5 February From Singapore to South Africa and back;

(ii) 11–19 February From Singapore to Taiwan and on to the United States;

(iii) 1–3 August From the United States to Hong Kong and back;

(iv) 30 August From the United States to Taiwan;

(v) 14 September From Taiwan to Singapore.

44 In his letter of 31 January 2004, he had disclosed his attendance of the
fellowship “from February until August 2004”. In his affidavit, he further
disclosed his trip to South Africa and his second trip to Taiwan.

45 The defendant omitted to state in his letter of 31 January 2004 that he was
intending to go to South Africa and return to Singapore first before leaving
again for a stay over in Taiwan on his way to the United States for the
fellowship.

46 Even when he wrote on 28 July 2004 to vacate the hearing, he did not reveal
that the fellowship was to end in three days on 31 July and that he was going
to make visits to Hong Kong and Taiwan before returning to Singapore.

47 In his affidavit, he still did not disclose the Hong Kong visit, and did
not explain why he went to Taiwan on 31 August when his meeting was scheduled
for 9 to 10 September 2004.

48 It was only on cross-examination that he revealed that he was in Taiwan
before and after attending the fellowship so that he, his wife and children
could spend time with his Taiwanese parents-in-law.

49 When he was questioned about the meeting in Taiwan of 9 to 10 September, he
said that he was the chairman of the Alliance for Reform and Democracy in Asia
and that the meeting dates were fixed before he learnt of the assessment dates
in July. However, he did not produce any records relating to the fixing of the
meeting dates, and claimed that the records were stored in the computer he
used in the United States, and were no longer accessible to him.

50 It is clear that the defendant had not been open and forthright about his
inability to attend the assessment hearing. If he had stated that the
fellowship started on 1 March and that he did not intend to go to the United
States before 19 February, it was possible for the assessment to be fixed for
hearing before he left.

51 I also did not accept his explanation for not producing evidence on the
time the Taiwan meeting dates were fixed. Even if he did not have access to
the computer he used in the United States, he could have obtained the records
from the other parties involved in the arrangements, or to get them to confirm
that the dates were in fact taken before 28 July 2004 when he wrote the letter
at [22] above. If the meeting was fixed before 28 July, why did he not mention
the meeting in the letter? He must have known that it could strengthen his
application to vacate the assessment dates.

52 Even if the meeting was fixed before 28 July, that would not necessarily
justify his absence from the assessment hearing. A litigant must arrange his
affairs so that he can attend court when he has to. If the meeting dates were
fixed before the hearing dates, the defendant would only be excused from not
attending court if the court was satisfied that the meeting dates could not be
changed and that the meeting was so important that the defendant had to be
present. The defendant did not do anything to show either.

53 The defendant was not really interested in moving on with the assessment.
As Mr Singh had pointed out, he did not leave instructions with his family
members or others to forward letters or court documents to him when they were
received at his Singapore addresses, nor did he notify the court or the
plaintiff’s solicitors of his address when he was in the United States to
enable them to communicate with him there.

54 In the course of hearing the plaintiff’s application to cross-examine him
on his affidavit, the defendant applied to cross-examine the plaintiff and Mr
Singh. That was an unusual application. The defendant was seeking to cross-
examine them as a part of his application to cross-examine the plaintiff in
the assessment hearings.

55 He explained that he wanted to cross-examine the plaintiff and Mr Singh
because:

... I intend to show to the Court that Mr Singh and/or his client had lied
before and during the course of the cross-examination that took place
yesterday and today before, in an attempt to mislead the Court into believing
that I had not intended to attend the hearing of 6th September when it was
actually they who had schemed and to make it difficult for me to attend …[1]

56 Mr Singh opposed the application. He argued that there was no basis to
order cross-examination of the plaintiff and him when neither of them had
filed any affidavit in response to the application to cross-examine the
plaintiff on the assessment of damages. If the defendant had made allegations
against them in support of his application, they might have found it necessary
to respond to the allegations by affidavit rather than to leave them
unanswered. Had they filed affidavits to respond to the allegations, the
defendant might apply to cross-examine them. But as they did not file any
affidavits, they should not be cross-examined by the defendant.

57 The fact is that the defendant had never made the allegation earlier, and
was bringing up a new issue at this late stage of his application to roll back
the proceedings to cross-examine the plaintiff in the assessment of damages.
He had not alleged in his affidavit in support of the main application that
the plaintiff and Mr Singh had schemed to make it difficult for him to attend
the assessment hearings. His case, as deposed in his affidavit of 15 October
2004, was that he could not attend because he had to remain in Taiwan to
attend the meeting on 9 to 10 September. There was not a word in his affidavit
alleging a scheme to prevent his attendance in court on 6 to 8 September.

58 The truth is that his attendance at the meeting in Taiwan had nothing to do
with the plaintiff or Mr Singh. He was involved in convening the meeting. The
alleged scheme appeared not only to be an afterthought, but was also
inconsistent with his own case. There was no merit in his application based on
this unfounded allegation, and I dismissed it.

59 The defendant then asked for an adjournment to prepare his submissions on
the application to cross-examine the plaintiff in the assessment hearing. I
stood down the hearing for an hour for that purpose. He had wanted a longer
adjournment, but I felt that it was sufficient because he must have identified
the grounds for his application when he made his application. The adjournment
was given to allow him to organise the grounds. Having observed his
performance in court, I had no doubt that he had the ability to do that in an
hour.

60 When the hearing resumed, the defendant protested that he was being treated
unfairly and unjustly, complained that he was unable to make his closing
submissions, and made no substantive submissions on his application.

61 As I have stated earlier, the onus is on the defendant to persuade me to
roll the proceedings back so that he can cross-examine the plaintiff despite
his absence at the previous hearing. This is an uncommon application,
different from an application for an adjournment (because the hearing had
taken place on 6 September 2004) or to set aside a judgment or order (as none
was made on 6 September 2004). There were no set principles cited to me which
should be applied or followed in such a situation. In my view, in such
applications:

(a) the applicant’s general conduct of the case;

(b) the reasons for the absence;

(c) the purpose of the intended cross-examination; and

(d) any prejudice that may be caused to either party

must be considered together with any other relevant matter.

62 When the defendant’s conduct of the case is reviewed, he can be seen to
have been withholding information about his travelling plans when he wrote to
the Registrar on the fixing and adjournment of the hearing dates, and he was
intentionally hindering the progress of the case by not disclosing his address
in the United States to enable the court or the plaintiff’s solicitors to
communicate directly with him, and not arranging with his associates and
family members to forward to him communications addressed to him at his
Singapore addresses. He had also not complied with the directions to file his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, and to give discovery of his documents.

63 With regard to his absence from court on 6 September 2004, he did not do
anything to show that the meeting dates were fixed before he knew of the
hearing dates, that he was unable to change the meeting dates, or that his
presence at the meeting was indispensable.

64 As for the purpose of cross-examining the plaintiff, the defendant had not
filed any affidavit for the assessment of damages as directed by the Order of
Court of 29 July 2004. Even when he filed his affidavit of 15 October 2004 in
support of his application to cross-examine the plaintiff, after the plaintiff
had filed his affidavit on damages, he did not state what he proposed to
cross-examine the plaintiff on. This left me uninformed as to why he needed to
cross-examine the plaintiff.

65 On the question of prejudice, the defendant had not shown that he had
suffered any prejudice by not being able to cross-examine the plaintiff or Mr
Singh because he had given no real reason for cross-examining them. On the
evidence before me, the plaintiff would not suffer any prejudice if he and Mr
Singh were cross-examined, but this only assists the defendant by not
weakening his application further.

66 In the circumstances, the defendant had not discharged the onus that was on
him, and I dismissed the application. I gave him the opportunity to make
written submissions on the damages payable to the plaintiff and to reply to
the plaintiff’s submissions on damages, but he did not file any submissions or
reply.

**Quantification of damages**

67 In assessing the appropriate damages to be awarded on a case of defamation,
the following factors should be taken into consideration:

(a) the nature of the defamation;

(b) the standing of the parties;

(c) the mode and extent of publication of the defamatory statements;

(d) the conduct of the parties; and

(e) the effect of the defamation on the plaintiff.

**_The nature of the defamation_**

68 The slander was serious. It accused the plaintiff, as the Senior Minister,
of concealing from Parliament and the public, information on a $17bn loan made
to Indonesia and of continuing to evade disclosure of the loan because he had
something to hide. This was a severe indictment against a senior member of the
government for the disposal of a large sum of the nation’s funds.

**_The standing of the parties_**

69 The plaintiff was at the material time the Senior Minister in the Cabinet.
He is a founder member of the People’s Action Party and was the Secretary-
General of the party between 1954 and 1992 except for a short period in 1957.
He was the Prime Minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990 when he became the
Senior Minister. Since 12 August 2004, he is the Minister Mentor in the
Cabinet.

70 The defendant was at the material time the Secretary-General of the
Singapore Democratic Party and a candidate in the 2001 parliamentary
elections.

71 They are prominent public figures. The public perception of their integrity
will affect their effectiveness and standing, and they have the capacity to
damage the reputations of those they speak ill of.

**_The publication of the defamatory statements_**

72 The statements were made at an election rally attended by members of the
public and the news media. The defendant must have expected that his words
would be published, and had expressly asked the news media to publish what he
said. The words were broadcast over television by Channel News Asia on 28
October 2001. _The Business Times_ also carried an account of the statements
on 29 October 2001.

**_The conduct of the parties_**

73 The conduct of the defendant was extraordinary. Initially, he agreed to
withdraw the allegations he had made, and read out and published the
retraction and apology. When he failed to pay damages and costs promised in
the apology, and was sued by the plaintiff, he alleged that the apology or
compromise was null and void, being the product of duress and intimidation. He
also pleaded justification, qualified privilege and fair comment in his
defence, but led no evidence and made no submissions to support these
defences.

74 As Mr Singh had pointed out, the defendant had delayed the progress of the
action. When the plaintiff applied for summary judgment, the hearing was
adjourned to allow the defendant to apply for the admission of Stuart
Littlemore QC to represent him. After that application was dismissed, the
defendant obtained a further adjournment of the hearing of the plaintiff’s
application on the ground that he intended to appeal against the dismissal.
However, he did not file an appeal, nor did he inform the court or the
plaintiff that he had decided not to appeal.

75 When the plaintiff sought to reinstate his application for hearing, the
defendant informed the court that he intended to apply for William Henric
Nicholas QC and Martin Lee QC to represent him. He was given three weeks to
file the applications, but he failed to do that and filed the applications
three weeks late, causing the hearing of the plaintiff’s application to be
adjourned again. When the applications were heard and dismissed, he again
informed the court that he intended to appeal against the dismissals. The
hearing of the plaintiff’s application was adjourned again pending the
appeals, but once again the defendant did not file them or inform the court or
the plaintiff of his change of intention.

76 The defendant’s conduct of his defence is also noteworthy. He claimed that
the apology was the result of threat and intimidation. This allegation was
found to be so lacking in substance and merit as to raise no triable issue. On
his other pleaded defences of justification, qualified privilege and fair
comment, he did nothing to make good any of them.

77 His conduct leads inexorably to the inference that he acted in bad faith
throughout. He knew the allegations he made were false, but he refused to
admit that, and tried instead to delay the progress of the legal proceedings
against him.

78 After the hearing of the application for summary judgment, and the appeal
from the SAR’s judgment, the hearing of the assessment of damages was delayed
again by the defendant. This has been recounted already in this judgment. It
suffices for me to state here that he was withholding information about his
travel commitments and had made communication with him difficult by not
disclosing his address in the United States.

79 The plaintiff’s conduct, on the other hand, cannot be faulted. He had done
nothing to provoke or encourage the defendant to make the statements
complained of, and had offered him the opportunity to retract them and avoid
litigation.

**_The effect of the defamation on the plaintiff_**

80 The defamatory statements had brought annoyance to the plaintiff, and had
obliged him to spend time and effort in seeking the aborted compromise, and
then to prosecute this action to protect and preserve his reputation. That
aside, there was nothing which suggested that his standing in and outside
Singapore was affected in any way.

**_The appropriate damages_**

81 The plaintiff tendered written submissions on damages, setting out most, if
not all, of the awards made to the plaintiff as the Prime Minister and the
Senior Minister and to Mr Goh as the Prime Minister. Counsel specifically drew
attention to the advice given by the Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee
Kuan Yew_ [1998] 1 SLR 97 where L P Thean JA, in delivering the judgment of
the court, noted at [158]:

[T]here appears to be a trend of such damages rising steadily and
significantly over the past few years, and in a few recent cases, each
successive award appeared to overtop the preceding one. Such a trend should be
discouraged; otherwise, damages for defamation would mount and eventually
become extremely high, ranking almost with the grossly exorbitant awards so
often made by juries in other jurisdictions.

82 Subsequently, the Court of Appeal delivered another judgment in _Goh Chok
Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1998] 3 SLR 337 (the decision of the High
Court from which some facts stated herein are taken is reported in [1998] 1
SLR 547), which is particularly relevant for consideration. I shall refer to
this case as _Goh v Jeyaretnam_.

83 In that case, the plaintiff was then the Prime Minister. The defendant, Mr
Jeyaretnam, was standing as an opposition candidate in parliamentary elections
together with Mr Tang Liang Hong (“Mr Tang”). In the course of the campaign,
Mr Goh declared that Mr Tang was unsuited to be a Member of Parliament as he
was anti-Christian and was a Chinese chauvinist. Mr Tang was indignant at
these remarks and he made two police reports.

84 In one of the reports he complained that the plaintiff and ten members of
the plaintiff’s party had falsely accused him of being an anti-Christian
Chinese chauvinist and of being anti-English-educated, and that they were
making statements that might cause social and racial disharmony in Singapore.
He requested the police to investigate into his complaint on an urgent basis.

85 At an election rally, Mr Tang interrupted Mr Jeyaretnam while he was
speaking, and handed him some papers. After taking a glance at them, he said:

And finally, Mr Tang Liang Hong has just placed before me two reports he has
made to the police against, you know, Mr Goh Chok Tong and his people. But
just remember. Have one thing on your mind, one purpose, one will, that it is
not for Mr Tang Liang Hong or for me or for the Workers’ Party that you are
voting. You are voting for yourself. And the PAP have been trying desperately
to win this battle. They’ve been trying to stop you from voting for your
rights. Well, show them tomorrow and I will then be very, very proud of you
people of Cheng San.[2]

Those words were republished in _The Straits Times_ and referred to by _The
Business Times_.

86 Mr Goh sued Mr Jeyaretnam for defamation on those words. The trial judge
found in his favour and awarded him $20,000 damages. Both parties appealed
against the judgment, and the matter came before the Court of Appeal.

87 In the judgment delivered by Yong Pung How CJ, the court considered the
inferences the ordinary man would draw from Mr Jeyaretnam’s words, and held at
[27]:

We agree with the trial judge that to the ordinary man the words would not
imply that Mr Goh was guilty of criminal defamation and criminal conspiracy or
a serious criminal offence; they would not impute guilt. But the ordinary man,
having heard the statement that Mr Tang had made police reports against Mr Goh
and his colleagues, would understand that Mr Tang, being a lawyer and
politician, ‘having avowed to protect his reputation and integrity’ had taken
a serious step and made police reports against Mr Goh, and that it would be
likely that the police would investigate into some wrong doings alleged in the
reports on the part of Mr Goh. In our opinion, that was the natural and
ordinary meaning conveyed to the ordinary man, and the words bearing such
meaning were defamatory of Mr Goh.

The court went on to consider the innuendo meaning of those words, and held at
[30] that:

[T]he words suggested more than that an investigation was possible: they
suggested that Mr Goh would be likely to be investigated for the offence or
offences alleged in the reports.

88 The court found that the trial judge erred in finding that there was no
malice and found that there was malice on the authority of _Horrocks v Lowe_
[1975] AC 135, as Mr Jeyaretnam had made the statement recklessly, without
considering or caring whether it be true or not.

89 The court also found that the trial judge had failed to give sufficient
weight to the aggravation caused by defence counsel’s accusations against the
plaintiff during cross-examination which the court found “amounted to an
attack on his integrity, character and suitability for his position as Prime
Minister”[3] and (at [57]) that:

[I]nsufficient regard was paid to the precedents established in case law. A
broad framework of awards has emerged from past cases and these cases serve as
a guide in determining the appropriate amount of damages to be awarded. In
this respect, the awards made in cases preceding this appeal must be treated
with care: they are not necessarily accurate indications of appropriate awards
of damages. Even so, given our findings on the issue of malice and the gravity
of the aggravating factors, together with the extent of republication and the
high standing of Mr Goh, the global award of $20,000 appears to us totally
disconsonant with those awards, including those which might now be considered
excessive.

and raised the award to $100,000.

90 The judgment offers a useful guide on the assessment of damages in the
present case. However, in drawing guidance from that judgment, the
similarities and differences between the present case and that case must be
taken into account.

91 In _Goh v Jeyaretnam_ , the plaintiff, Mr Goh, was the Prime Minister, the
holder of the highest office in the government, and he was accused of having
done something which might cause the police to investigate him for criminal
defamation.

92 The defamatory statements in _Goh v Jeyaretnam_ were republished by two
newspapers, _The Straits Times_ and _The Business Times_. The defendant’s
defamatory statements were republished only in _The Business Times_. The
statements would have reached a smaller readership.

93 The statements in both cases attacked the integrity of the respective
plaintiffs, both of whom are persons of unblemished integrity whose ability to
discharge the burdens of their high offices would be affected if their
reputations were tarnished by false accusations. However, a distinction can be
made between a statement that “B has reported to the police that A has
committed an offence, and the police are likely to investigate into it”, which
is the nature of the defamation in _Goh v Jeyaretnam,_ and a statement that “I
tell you that A has done something wrong and is suppressing the truth about
his actions”, which is the essence of the defendant’s charge against the
plaintiff. The first statement is a less severe indictment in that it refers
to the complaint of another person, and did not go beyond stating that the
police are likely to investigate into the complaint. The second statement is
more damning in that the maker is speaking from his own knowledge and has
declared the actions to be wrongful.

94 I also find that aggravated damages should also be awarded in the present
case. In this regard I find the malice and aggravation in the present case to
be greater than in _Goh v Jeyaretnam_. The defendant made unfounded
allegations about the alleged loan when he would have known that there was no
loan if he had made a check before making those statements. Then he refused to
retract them, and claimed justification without adducing any evidence in
support of that defence. Then he treated the court proceedings as a
continuation of his confrontation with the plaintiff, delaying the
proceedings, and complaining that he was denied the right to legal
representation when he chose not to appoint local counsel to act for him.

95 Of the factors mentioned, the specific charge of wrongdoing in relation to
the alleged loan and the baseless defence of justification most clearly
distinguish this case from _Goh v Jeyaretnam_ , and higher damages than the
$100,000 awarded in that case are called for.

96 In my view an award of $200,000 is appropriate in this case.

97 Some of the SAR’s orders relating to the assessment of damages need to be
examined.

98 When he entered interlocutory judgment for the plaintiff, he ordered that
the defendant was to pay the plaintiff “damages (including aggravated damages)
to be assessed by a Judge in Open Court”.

99 It is not entirely clear what was intended by “damages (including
aggravated damages)”. If it meant that the damages assessed may include
aggravated damages, the words are superfluous as the assessment process must
necessarily include the determination whether aggravated damages are to be
awarded.

100 An alternative and more likely intended meaning is that there shall be an
assessment of aggravated damages. If this was the intention, the order was
inappropriate. Inasmuch as the assessment process must necessarily include the
determination whether aggravated damages are to be ordered, that decision
should be left to the person who assesses the damages.

101 If it were open to me, I would vary the order by deleting the reference to
aggravated damages. However, the SAR’s order was affirmed on appeal by Rubin
J, when this point was not taken up, and I cannot vary the order of my brother
judge.

102 In principle, the liability for the costs of the assessment hearing and
the basis for the taxation of the costs should also be reserved to the person
who makes the assessment. However, in this case, the defendant had agreed
under the compromise to indemnify the plaintiff for all costs and expenses
incurred by him. This converted the plaintiff’s claim for costs into a
contractual right the court will recognise and enforce, and the order made was
correct.

  

* * *

[1]Notes of Evidence page 378

[2]para 19 of the High Court decision

[3]para 56

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

