Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chu Wai Kiu v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 32

Case Number | : | MA 126/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Go Kim Chuan Mark (Hin Tat Augustine and Partners) for the appellant; Leong Wing Tuck (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chu Wai Kiu — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Customs Act – Appellant importing
jewellery into Singapore – Jewellery subject to Goods and Services Tax (GST) –
Failure to declare jewellery and pay GST – Whether offence of non-declaration
made out – Sections 37, 128(1)(f) Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Customs Act – Appellant importing
jewellery into Singapore – Jewellery subject to Goods and Services Tax (GST) –
Whether appellant required to declare jewellery if GST liability suspended at
time of importation  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Appeal against order of
forfeiture – Whether amounting to collateral attack against conviction –
Whether more appropriate to institute revision proceedings  
  
Revenue Law – Customs and excise – Forfeiture – Appellant importing jewellery
into Singapore – Jewellery subject to Goods and Services Tax (GST) – Appellant
failing to declare jewellery and pay GST – Whether dual elements for mandatory
forfeiture of jewellery fulfilled – Section 123(2) Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004
Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Goods and services tax (gst) – Whether obligation to declare
imported dutiable goods applicable to imported goods subject to GST –
Correlation between customs and GST regimes – Section 8(4) Goods and Services
Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

14 February 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant (“CWK”) appealed against the order of the district judge (“the
judge”) that two lots of jewellery (“the jewellery”) in his possession be
forfeited to the Singapore customs for disposal. I dismissed his appeal
against the order of forfeiture and I now set out my reasons.

**Background**

**_The Statement of Facts_**

2 CWK admitted without qualification to the following facts. On 6 June 2004 at
about 6.30pm, he arrived in Singapore from Hong Kong on flight no CX 735.
Whilst at the customs duty office at Terminal One of Singapore Changi
International Airport, he produced a Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) Inward
Transhipment Permit for clearance of the goods in his possession.

3 Before tallying the goods produced against the permit and invoices attached,
the customs officers asked him if he had any other goods to declare, to which
CWK replied in the negative. After the customs officers tallied the goods,
they asked him one more time if he had any other goods to declare. Again, CWK
replied in the negative. Thereafter, the customs officers searched CWK’s
possessions and found two lots of undeclared jewellery in a zipped compartment
of CWK’s sling bag.

4 When questioned by the customs officers, CWK admitted that he knew he was
carrying the jewellery and he had no intention of declaring it. He was also
aware that GST leviable on the jewellery was unpaid. The Statement of Facts
also stated that the jewellery in CWK’s possession should have been declared
to the customs officers for payment of the GST leviable. It further revealed
that CWK was arrested for failing to declare dutiable goods at about 11.00pm
that night.

5 Investigations revealed that CWK had been in the employment of Jade Peace
Ltd in Hong Kong for over three years and would deliver jewellery from Hong
Kong to Singapore every two months. The jewellery was valued at $4,908.10 and
the GST leviable on the jewellery was $245.40.

**_The charge_**

6 On 8 June 2004, CWK pleaded guilty to the following charge:

You, Chu Wai Kiu (M/37 yrs) Hong Kong SAR Passport No: H 01828627 are charged
that you, on or about the 6th day of June 2004, at about 7.15 pm did fail to
make the declaration as required by Section 37 of the Customs Act, Cap 70 on
importation of taxable goods from Hong Kong, to Singapore by Flight CX 735 at
Singapore Customs Duty Office, Terminal 1, Singapore Changi International
Airport, Singapore, to wit, 2 lots of assorted jewelleries, valued at
**_$4,908.10_** on which the Goods & Services Tax of **_$245.40_** was not
paid, and you have thereby, by virtue of sections 26 and 77 of the Goods and
Services Tax (Cap 117A), paragraph 3 of the Goods and Services Tax
(Application of Legislation Relating to Customs and Excise Duties) Order (Cap
117A, Order 4) and paragraph 2 of the Goods and Services (Application of
Customs Act) (Provisions on Trials, Proceedings, Offences and Penalties) Order
(Cap 117A, Order 5), committed an offence under Section 128(1)(f) of the
Customs Act punishable under Section 128(1)(f) of the same Act.

_The statutory provisions_

7 At this juncture, it would be helpful to set out the salient provisions of
the legislation referred to above. GST on imports is charged and collected
using the provisions of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed). The Goods and
Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the GST Act”) brings in the Customs
Act by virtue of ss 26 and 77 of the GST Act, para 3 of the Goods and Services
Tax (Application of Legislation Relating to Customs and Excise Duties) Order
(Cap 117A, O 4, 2001 Rev Ed) (“GST Order 4”) and para 2 of the Goods and
Services Tax (Application of Customs Act) (Provision on Trials, Proceedings,
Offences and Penalties) Order (Cap 117A, O 5, 2001 Rev Ed) (“GST Order 5”).

8 These provisions are as follows:

(a) GST Act:

**Application of Customs Legislation**

26.—(1) Except where the contrary intention appears, any written law relating
to customs or excise duties on imported goods shall, with such exceptions,
modifications and adaptations as the Minister may by order prescribe, apply
(so far as relevant) in relation to any tax chargeable on the importation of
goods as it applies in relation to any customs or excise duties.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the Director-
General of Customs may, by virtue of that subsection, exercise any power
conferred on him by any written law relating to customs or excise duties
(including the power to issue permits and impose conditions on the import,
export, transhipment and removal of goods) as if the reference to customs duty
or excise duty in that written law included a reference to tax chargeable on
the importation of goods.

(3) In this section, “any written law relating to customs or excise duties”
means —

(a) the provisions of the Customs Act (Cap. 70);

(b) the provisions of the Postal Services Act (Cap. 237A) relating to customs
or excise duties on postal articles; and

(c) any other provision of any written law relating generally to customs or
excise duties on imported goods.

**Proceedings for offences and penalties under Customs Act**

77\. Parts XIV and XV of the Customs Act (Cap. 70) (Provisions as to Trials
and Proceedings; and Offences and Penalties) and such other related provisions
of that Act as the Minister may by order specify shall apply, with such
exceptions, adaptations and modifications as may be prescribed in that order,
in relation to offences under this Act (which include any act or omission in
respect of which a penalty is imposed) and penalties imposed under this Act as
they apply in relation to offences and penalties under the Customs Act as
defined in that Act; and accordingly in those provisions as it applies by
virtue of this section the reference to customs duty or excise duty shall be
construed as a reference to the tax.

(b) GST Order 4:

**Application of Customs Act**

3\.  The following provisions of the Customs Act (Cap. 70) shall, with such
modifications and adaptations as are specified in paragraphs 4, 5, 6 and 7,
apply to tax chargeable on the importation of goods as they apply in relation
to customs or excise duties:

(a) Part I (except section 2 (a));

(b) Part II (all sections);

(c) Part III (only sections 11, 12, 16, 19, 20, 21, 27 and 28);

(d) Part IV (all sections);

(e) Part V (except sections 43 and 46);

(f) Part VI (except section 49);

(g) Part VII (only section 69);

(h) Part X ;

(i) Part XII (except section 100);

(j) Part XIII (all sections);

(k) Part XIV (all sections); and

(l) Part XV (except sections 131, 133, 134, 135, 136 and 136A).

(c) GST Order 5:

**Application of Customs Act**

2\. Parts XIV and XV (with the exception of sections 131, 133, 134, 135, 136
and 136A) of the Customs Act (Cap. 70) shall apply to trials, proceedings,
offences and penalties in relation to offences under the Act as they apply in
relation to offences and penalties under the Customs Act as defined in that
Act.

9 Under s 26 of the GST Act, the provisions of the Customs Act apply to any
tax chargeable on the importation of goods as they apply in relation to any
customs and excise duties, subject to any exceptions, modifications and
adaptations as the Minister may prescribe. In relation to the germane
provisions in the present appeal, sub-paras 3(d), (k) and (l) of GST Order 4
respectively provide that all of Parts IV and XIV as well as certain sections
of Part XV of the Customs Act shall apply to GST on imported goods as they
apply to customs or excise duties. As such, s 37 (the requirement to make a
declaration on imported dutiable goods), s 123 (disposal of goods seized) and
s 128 (penalties on making incorrect declarations and on falsifying documents)
of the Customs Act are duly applicable to the GST regime.

10 The relevant sections of the Customs Act state:

**Declaration**

37. Every importer or exporter of dutiable goods and every person transhipping goods of a class dutiable on import shall, before removing any such goods or any part thereof from customs control or from any of the following places (whether or not the goods are under customs control):

(a) the vessel on which the goods arrived;

(b) the customs airport at which the goods arrived;

(c) the customs station along the railway at which the goods arrived;

(d) any customs station at Woodlands or Tuas if the goods were brought into
Singapore by road; or

(e) the free trade zone in which the goods were deposited or landed,

make personally or by his agent to the proper officer of customs a
declaration, in accordance with section 96, of the particulars of the goods
imported or exported or to be transhipped.

**Court to order disposal of goods seized**

123.—(1) …

(2) An order for the forfeiture of goods shall be made if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that an offence under this Act has been committed
and that the goods were the subject-matter of, or were used in the commission
of, the offence, notwithstanding that no person may have been convicted of the
offence.

Penalty on making incorrect declarations and on falsifying documents

128.—(1) Any person who —

…

(f) being required by this Act to make a declaration of dutiable goods
imported, exported or transhipped, fails to make the declaration as required;
or

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or the equivalent of the exact amount of customs duty,
excise duty or tax payable, whichever is the greater, or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 12 months or to both.

11 In practice, GST on imports in Singapore is collected and administered by
the Customs and Excise Department of the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority. This is not unique to Singapore. The learned annotators of the
_Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ vol 9(2) (Butterworths Asia,
2000) explain at p 21 that:

For effective collection of the tax at the point of importation, VAT (or GST)
regimes the world over collect the tax on importation of goods through their
customs and excise authorities. This also makes sense because of
administrative convenience and synergy that can be gained by harnessing the
Customs’ experience in administering duties and excise on imported goods.

The Director-General of Customs and Excise is also appointed as a Deputy
Comptroller of GST.

**_The proceedings before the judge_**

12 After CWK pleaded guilty to the offence under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs
Act read in conjunction with the GST Act and the subsidiary legislation
thereunder (“the offence”), the judge convicted him and imposed a fine of
$3,000, with one month’s imprisonment in default ([2004] SGDC 265). CWK has
since paid the fine and he has not appealed against the sentence meted out by
the judge.

13 The next day, on 9 June 2004, the judge heard the Prosecution’s application
for the jewellery to be forfeited under s 123(2) of the Customs Act. At this
hearing, the Prosecution called its first witness, the investigating officer
for the case, Superintendent of Customs Teo Khai Ming (“PW1”), to the stand.
PW1 testified that Senior Customs Officer Liew Chia Min (“PW2”) had seized the
jewellery from CWK. PW2 then handed the jewellery to PW1 for the purposes of
conducting investigations with a view to seeking forfeiture of the jewellery
once CWK was convicted in court.

14 CWK’s counsel, who was only engaged from 9 June 2004 onwards, contested the
application for forfeiture of the jewellery. As counsel requested for an
adjournment of the hearing, the judge heard the forfeiture application again
on 19 August 2004. At this hearing, PW2 testified that while he was on duty on
6 June 2004, he seized two lots of undeclared jewellery each from two Hong
Kong nationals, one of whom was CWK. PW2 informed both CWK and the other Hong
Kong national that he was seizing the four lots of jewellery. PW2 then handed
the four lots of jewellery to PW1 and prepared a record of the seized
jewellery. The Prosecution’s purpose in calling these two witnesses to the
stand was to adduce the fact that the jewellery had been seized, because the
fact of seizure was not recorded in the Statement of Facts.

15 CWK did not call any witnesses nor give any evidence during the course of
the proceedings. During cross-examination of the Prosecution’s witnesses,
counsel for CWK did not challenge the fact that the jewellery was seized.
However, he contended that GST on the jewellery had already been paid for
previously. Apparently, the jewellery had been previously imported and
delivered to Singapore, but various defective pieces were sent back to Hong
Kong for repair and CWK was bringing back those pieces to be returned to their
owners. In this respect, counsel did not provide any evidence to substantiate
his assertions.

16 He proceeded to argue that the judge should not have ordered forfeiture of
the jewellery on three grounds. First, he averred that CWK did not intend to
commit fraud or to evade liability for GST on the jewellery. Second, there
were little or no public policy considerations in this case warranting the
forfeiture of the jewellery as it was not a dutiable good. The failure to
declare the jewellery did not result in a loss of revenue to the government.
Third, it was argued that in ordering forfeiture of the jewellery, CWK would
effectively be punished twice over for his singular offence of failing to
declare the jewellery.

**The decision below**

17 Based on the unchallenged evidence before him, the judge accepted the
Prosecution’s contention that the jewellery had been properly seized. The
judge noted that the jewellery was a dutiable good by virtue of s 8(4) of the
GST Act, and found that CWK had unreservedly pleaded guilty to the offence of
failing to declare dutiable goods under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act, read
with ss 26 and 77 of the GST Act.

18 The judge observed that under s 115 of the Customs Act, read with ss 26 and
77 of the GST Act, the burden of proof as to whether GST had been paid and
whether the jewellery was exempt from GST lay on CWK. In this regard, the
judge found that CWK had failed to adduce any admissible evidence to discharge
this burden of proof. In the absence of any admissible evidence from CWK, the
judge rejected counsel’s arguments that the seized jewellery was not liable
for GST and that CWK did not have the intention to commit the offence.

19 Regarding the court’s power to forfeit under the Customs Act, the judge
opined that under s 123(2) of the Customs Act, forfeiture was mandatory once
the two elements of the provision were proved. In the premises, the judge
found that both elements were satisfied. First, an offence under s 128(1)(f)
of the Customs Act read in conjunction with the GST Act had been committed.
Second, the jewellery was directly related and substantially connected to the
commission of that offence, as it was concealed from the customs officers and
not declared as required. The jewellery also formed the subject matter of the
offence. Accordingly, it followed that forfeiture must be ordered.

**The appeal against the order of forfeiture**

20 Under s 123(2) of the Customs Act, the forfeiture of goods is mandatory
once the following two conditions are met: first, that an offence under the
Customs Act or any subsidiary legislation made thereunder has been committed;
and second, that the goods are the subject matter of, or are used in the
commission of the offence. This has been affirmed time and again in a line of
cases: _PP v M/s Serve You Motor Services_ [1996] 1 SLR 669; _Magnum Finance
Bhd v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 523; _Public Finance Bhd v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 354; _Moey
Keng Kong v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 211.

21 As such, CWK did not dispute that the nature of the forfeiture regime under
s 123(2) was mandatory. Instead, his grounds of appeal centred on attacking
the judge’s findings that the two requirements for forfeiture under s 123(2)
were met. In essence, his contentions can be stated thus:

(a) The judge erred in finding that the offence was made out. In this respect,
he queried:

(i) Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared because it was a non-
dutiable good;

(ii) Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared even if it was a
dutiable good, as the GST liability on the jewellery could have been suspended
at the time of importation;

(iii) Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared even if it was a
dutiable good because he had made a full declaration of the jewellery in the
course of interrogation by the customs officers.

(b) The judge erred in holding that the jewellery was the subject matter of,
or was used in the commission of, the offence.

22 I shall now deal with each ground of appeal in turn.

**_Whether the offence was made out_**

23 The primary contention under this ground of appeal was that CWK did not
have to declare the jewellery. The main argument supporting this contention
was that the jewellery was apparently a non-dutiable good, for which no
declaration was required. Counsel argued that s 37 of the Customs Act only
required the declaration of imported dutiable goods. Similarly, the offence
under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act only arose in respect of non-declaration
of dutiable goods. Thus, since there was ostensibly no need to make a
declaration of the jewellery, the offence for non-declaration was not proved.

24 Before I proceed to evaluate the substantive arguments raised under the
first ground of appeal, it would be appropriate to deal with a procedural
point. What caused me concern was that counsel had argued that the offence was
not made out, with scant regard for the fact that CWK had pleaded guilty to
the offence. Since one of the requirements for forfeiture under s 123(2) of
the Customs Act is that an offence under the Customs Act has been committed,
it was obvious that counsel would set out to demolish any finding by the judge
that an offence was committed. However, since CWK’s plea of guilt plainly
contradicted his contention that the offence was not made out, it would be
necessary to consider how that plea might impinge on my assessment of the
case.

25 As evinced from the established facts, CWK had made a plea of guilt which
was valid, unequivocal and entirely voluntary. In the court below, the charge
was read and explained to CWK in Cantonese and he had pleaded guilty. Section
180(b) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)
provides that before a plea of guilt is recorded, the court must ascertain
that the accused understands the nature and consequences of his plea and
intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged against him.

26 In this regard, it was clear from the notes of evidence that CWK understood
the nature and consequences of the plea. In _Balasubramanian Palaniappa
Vaiyapuri v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 314, I had noted that the “nature” of the plea
meant that the accused must know exactly what he was being charged with. Since
CWK comprehended, in particular, the nature of the plea, he would have known
exactly what he was being charged with. Indeed, CWK admitted to all the
averments contained in the charge and to the ingredients of the offence
contained in the Statement of Facts. Notably, he had admitted in the Statement
of Facts to being arrested on account of his failure to declare _dutiable_
goods. It was never his position in the court below or on appeal that the
Statement of Facts did not contain every element of the offence charged. In
court, counsel argued that CWK was unrepresented when he made the plea. To my
mind, this had no bearing on the validity of the plea as it is clear that
pleas of guilt by unrepresented persons are not more easily vitiated than by
those represented: _Packir Malim v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 429.

27 Against this background, I did not think that CWK should now, in an appeal
against an order of forfeiture, be allowed to tergiversate and go behind his
plea of guilt to argue that the offence was not made out. It was evident that
the judge had found the commission of the offence to be intertwined with the
plea of guilt. In the judge’s Grounds of Decision at [11], he had stated that:

It is not in dispute that the accused had, on 8 June 2004, pleaded guilty
unreservedly to the offence of failing to declare dutiable goods under [s
128(1)(f)] of the Customs Act read with [ss] 26 and 77 of the GST Act. The
accused Chu had also admitted without qualification to the Statement of Facts
in which he agreed that GST was payable for the jewellery and he was aware
that the GST tax had not been paid. He had also admitted he had no intention
of declaring the items to the Customs officer. He was convicted of the charge
accordingly. That conviction has not been set aside.

28 Since the plea of guilt was the foundation upon which the judge found that
an offence had been committed, which in turn led to the order of forfeiture,
the appeal against the forfeiture order would have to be heard on the same
basis. It would be wholly incongruous for me to proceed to determine whether
the elements of the offence had been established whilst ignoring the fact that
CWK had pleaded guilty to the offence.

29 I noted that CWK only purported to challenge the judge’s finding that the
offence was committed. He did not raise any argument about the correctness of
his conviction since forfeiture of goods under s 123(2) of the Customs Act can
be ordered independent of a conviction. However, in arguing that the offence
was not committed, CWK was in effect launching a collateral attack against the
correctness of his conviction. It stands to reason that if CWK were to succeed
in arguing that no offence was made out for the purposes of setting aside the
forfeiture order, a corollary of that outcome would be the quashing of CWK’s
conviction.

30 In my view, the appropriate course of action in these circumstances would
have been for CWK to petition for a criminal revision of his conviction and
sentence. In _Ng Kim Han v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 293, eight persons were arrested
while playing a game of “ _pai kow_ ” in a factory. Seven of them were jointly
charged with gaming in a common gaming house whereupon they pleaded guilty and
were sentenced. The eighth person was separately convicted for permitting the
premises to be used as a common gaming house. I allowed his appeal against
conviction (see _Chua Seong Soi v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 313) on the ground that the
factory did not constitute a gaming house under the Common Gaming Houses Act
(Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed).

31 Following that decision, the seven persons in _Ng Kim Han v PP_ petitioned
for a criminal revision of their conviction and sentence. I allowed their
petition as I found that they had been convicted despite the fact that an
essential constituent of the offence had not been satisfied. In response to
the Prosecution’s emphasis on their guilty pleas, I observed at [16] that:

It also has to be borne in mind that the determination of whether certain
premises do or do not amount to a common gaming house can involve a fair
amount of legal analysis. As such, an admission by an accused to the premises
being a common gaming house may not necessarily be conclusive. _The fact that
an accused has admitted to the premises being a common gaming house does not
absolve the court of its duty to ascertain whether the premises do actually
fall within the legal definition of a common gaming house or not._ [emphasis
added]

32 The same approach applies to the facts of this case. If CWK had petitioned
for a criminal revision of his conviction and sentence, the fact that CWK had
admitted to failing to make the requisite declaration on the importation of
dutiable goods, would not absolve the court of the duty to ascertain whether
CWK was legally obliged to declare the jewellery. Under such circumstances, if
the court then allowed the petition upon finding serious injustice arising
from the judge’s decision that the offence had been made out, the issue of
forfeiture would be moot. After all, there would no longer be any basis to
forfeit the jewellery since the requirements under s 123(2) of the Customs Act
would not be fulfilled. Accordingly, I was of the opinion that the present
appeal was brought on the wrong footing. I hasten to add that this should not
be taken to be an imprimatur for taking out criminal revisions at the drop of
a hat on the purport of some error in law.

33 At the hearing before me, counsel made an oral application for me to invoke
my revisionary powers. It is clear that in the exercise of its powers of
criminal revision under s 266 of the CPC, the High Court has a discretion to
determine whether to hear the petitioner since it is not obliged to do so:
_Bright Impex v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 405. Furthermore, it is trite law that such
powers of revision must be exercised sparingly: _Ma Teresa Bebango Bedico v
PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 192; _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v PP_ [2004] 4 SLR 475.

34 In _Wang Wang Pawnshop Pte Ltd v K J Tiffany_ [2004] 2 SLR 222, I affirmed
my observation in _Magnum Finance Bhd v PP_ ([20] _supra_) that the High Court
would only exercise its revisionary powers if it was shown that there were
fundamental errors of law which had occasioned a clear failure of justice.
Needless to say, this is a high threshold to fulfil.

35 I also held in _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 28 at [16] that the High
Court’s revisionary powers existed to facilitate its supervisory and
superintending jurisdiction over criminal proceedings before a subordinate
court so as to correct a miscarriage of justice arising from the correctness,
legality or propriety of any finding, sentence or order recorded or passed.

36 In the present case, counsel’s contention that the judge had made an error
of law in finding that the offence was made out was devoid of merit. I now
turn to explain why there was no grave injustice which would call for the
exercise of my revisionary powers.

_Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared because it was a non-
dutiable good_

37 With regard to the charging of GST on the importation of goods into
Singapore, the starting point is s 8(4) of the GST Act which states that:

Tax on the importation of goods shall be charged, levied and payable as if it
were customs duty or excise duty and as if all goods imported into Singapore
are dutiable and liable to customs duty or excise duty.

38 Counsel devoted a large part of his skeletal arguments to attacking the
judge’s finding that the jewellery was a dutiable good under s 8(4) of the GST
Act and thus had to be declared upon importation pursuant to s 37 of the
Customs Act. Essentially, it was contended that the jewellery did not have to
be declared as it was a non-dutiable good, which was only liable for GST, and
that there should be a clear distinction between goods liable for GST and
goods liable for customs or excise duty. This argument was premised on the
definition of “dutiable goods” under s 3(1) of the Customs Act and under para
2 of the GST Order 4.

39 Section 3(1) of the Customs Act defines “dutiable goods” as:

[a]ny goods subject to the payment of customs duty or excise duty on entry
into customs territory or manufactured in Singapore (including any free trade
zone) and on which customs duty or excise duty has not been paid and includes
goods manufactured in a free trade zone from materials of a class dutiable on
entry into customs territory for consumption within the customs territory.

40 In a similar vein, para 2 of the GST Order 4 states that:

“dutiable goods” means goods which are subject to customs duties including
import and excise duties imposed under section 10 of the Customs Act …

Paragraph 2 goes on to define “non-dutiable goods” as “goods which are not
subject to such duties”.

41 In response, the Prosecution submitted that counsel’s arguments had no
basis in law as the wording of s 8(4) of the GST Act made it undeniably clear
that the jewellery was properly the subject of a declaration that had to be
made under s 37 of the Customs Act. A failure to do so constituted an offence
under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act and the joint application of s 8(4) of
the GST Act and s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act was not in doubt in the present
case.

42 To my mind, counsel had misapprehended how the term “dutiable goods” in the
context of the GST regime should be understood. This has to be looked at in
light of the interplay between the customs regime and the GST regime in
Singapore as alluded to earlier. While imported goods liable for GST are not
strictly speaking “dutiable goods” in the exacting sense the term is adverted
to under the customs regime, s 8(4) expressly imports the concept of “dutiable
goods” into the GST regime in that all imported goods are treated _as if_ they
are dutiable goods for the purposes of imposing, administering and enforcing
GST. As the learned editors of _Singapore Goods & Services Tax Guide_ (CCH
Asia Pte Limited, 1993, 27 September 2004 release) state at para 13-120:

_Imported goods which are subject to GST are treated as though they are
dutiable goods._ The present customs requirements for documentation relating
to imported dutiable goods will generally apply to imports of goods subject to
GST. [emphasis added]

43 This underscores the legislative intention percolating through this aspect
of the GST regime, as enunciated by the learned authors of the _Goods and
Services Tax – Law and Practice_ (LexisNexis, 2002) at p 445 that:

[T]he charging, collection and administration of GST on the importation of
goods shall so far as is applicable follow the charging, collection and
administration of customs duties.

44 Indeed, while s 8(4) of the GST Act serves as a charging provision for the
importation of goods into Singapore, it appears that the section is also a
statutory recognition of the possible difficulties faced by the customs
authorities in discharging their duties under the GST scheme. If counsel were
correct in saying that goods subject to GST did not have to be declared simply
because they were not, strictly speaking, dutiable goods, it seems that the
effective collection of GST at the point of importation would be subverted.

45 Although s 8(4) of the GST Act does not transmogrify imported goods subject
to GST into imported dutiable goods, it has to be applied in a manner that
accords with the correlation between the GST system and the customs regime. In
line with the legislative intent under the statutory regime, it is axiomatic
that the obligation to declare imported dutiable goods under s 37 of the
Customs Act applies, _mutatis mutandis_ , to imported goods subject to GST _as
if_ the latter were dutiable goods that had to be declared. In my view, if the
legislature has thought it fit to assimilate the customs regime with the GST
scheme, the function of the court would be to give effect to it as far as is
applicable.

46 I was thus inclined to agree with the Prosecution that the joint
application of s 8(4) of the GST Act and ss 37 and 128(1)(f) of the Customs
Act was not in doubt. The declaration of the jewellery should have been made
_as if_ it was a dutiable good. Since CWK had failed to do so, an offence
under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act read with ss 26 and 77 of the GST Act and
the subsidiary legislation thereunder was made out, for which he was rightly
convicted.

47 Having dealt with the main thrust of CWK’s arguments, I now go on to
explain why I had no hesitation in dismissing his remaining contentions.

_Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared as the GST liability on the
jewellery could have been suspended at the time of importation_

48 Under this ground of appeal, CWK’s line of reasoning was that even if the
jewellery was a dutiable good, GST liability on it would have been suspended
if he had appointed a local agent who was either a major exporter or an
approved third-party logistics company to import the jewellery into Singapore.
If he had availed himself of this avenue, he could have then obtained GST
relief under s 33 of the GST Act read with regs 45 and 45A of the Goods and
Services Tax (General) Regulations (Cap 117A, Rg 1, 2001 Rev Ed) (“GST
(General) Regulations”). In such circumstances, the question of declaring the
jewellery would not even arise and no offence would be made out.

49 I gave short shrift to this disingenuous argument which was akin to using
the tail to wag the dog. This argument was premised on CWK being able to
obtain a suspension of GST if he had embarked on a particular course of action
that was apparently open to him. However, what CWK could have done in
retrospect was entirely beside the point. Assuming, _arguendo_ , that CWK
could indeed have obtained GST relief had he undertaken the requisite steps
under s 33 of the GST Act read with regs 45 and 45A of the GST (General)
Regulations, what mattered was whether he had actually done so, and the fact
remained that he had not. Accordingly, the jewellery remained subject to GST
for which CWK would have to make a declaration upon importation.

_Whether the jewellery did not have to be declared because CWK had already
made a full declaration of the jewellery in the course of interrogation by the
customs officers_

50 It was suggested that CWK had made a full declaration of the jewellery in
the course of being interrogated by the customs officers and that in any
event, he should have been given the opportunity to make payment of the GST.
In support of the latter contention, counsel cited _PP v Anwar Khan Mohamed
Khan_ [2004] SGDC 45, where the accused person was referred by an immigrations
officer to the Singapore customs for payment of GST after it was discovered
that he had not made the said payment. Counsel also relied on _PP v Chan Yu
Iu_ [2004] SGDC 1, where it was the agreed position during trial that the
customs duty office could collect any shortfall payments of GST provided a
full declaration of value was made.

51 This ground of appeal similarly could not be countenanced. First of all,
CWK had admitted unequivocally that he had no intention of declaring the
jewellery. Second, it was undisputed that when the customs officers asked CWK
if he had anything more to declare, he had replied twice in the negative. It
was only after the jewellery was discovered by the customs officers that CWK
came out in the open about it. To say that CWK had made a full declaration at
that stage would be putting the cart before the horse, since the “declaration”
would be made only after the offence for non-declaration had been uncovered.

52 As for the contention that CWK should have been given the opportunity to
make payment, it had no bearing on the fact that an offence had already been
committed. Even if accused persons in other cases were given an opportunity to
pay outstanding GST, matters such as this, as well as matters pertaining to
the investigations into an offence or a decision to prosecute an offender,
would fall within the province of the relevant authorities and not the court.

**_Whether the jewellery was the subject matter of, or was used in the
commission of, the offence_**

53 Building on his earlier contention that no offence was made out, CWK
refuted the judge’s finding that the second requirement for forfeiture under s
123(2) of the Customs Act was fulfilled. It was argued that since no offence
under the Customs Act was established, the jewellery could not be the subject
matter of, nor could it be used in the commission of, the offence. In light of
my finding that an offence under s 128(1)(f) of the Customs Act was made out,
this line of reasoning would no longer apply. In any event, I was of the view
that the judge was correct in finding that the jewellery was the subject
matter of, or was used in the commission of, the offence.

54 Logic and common sense dictate that the jewellery was the subject matter of
the offence as it goes without saying that the offence for non-declaration of
the jewellery could not conceivably have been committed without the jewellery
to start with. I also found that the jewellery was used in the commission of
the offence as it was “directly related and substantially connected” to the
offence: _PP v Mayban Finance (Singapore) Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 462; _Moey Keng
Kong v PP_ ([20] _supra_).

55 Since the statutory requirements for forfeiture under s 123(2) of the
Customs Act were fulfilled, forfeiture of the jewellery would be mandatory. In
the circumstances, the judge rightly ordered the jewellery to be forfeited.

**Conclusion**

56 For the reasons above, CWK’s appeal was dismissed.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

