Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 50

Case Number | : | CWU 163/2004, SIC 444/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chan Kia Pheng and Ang Keng Ling (Khattar Wong and Partners) for the petitioner; P Padman and Niko Issac (Tito Issac and Co) for the respondent; Ronald Choo and Corrinne Chia (Rajah and Tann) for the supporting creditor, Samwoh Resources Pte Ltd; Sunari bin Kateni (Insolvency and Public Trustee's Office) for the Official Receiver   
Parties | : |  United Overseas Bank Ltd — Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Respondent company applying for stay of winding-up
proceedings pending outcome of appeal against rejection of application for
scheme of arrangement – Whether appeal being used as excuse by respondent to
delay its winding up – Whether stay of winding-up proceedings should be
granted – Factors to be considered  
  

10 March 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC:

**Introduction**

1 The issues in the present case stemmed from two closely-related
applications: one party (“the petitioner”) was petitioning for the winding up
of the company (“the respondent”), whilst the respondent was applying for a
stay of the winding-up proceedings.

2 It was clear that there was a _prima facie_ case for winding up the said
company pursuant to s 254(1)(e) read with s 254(2)(a) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed).

3 What was really at the heart of the present case was whether the present
winding up proceedings ought nevertheless to be stayed in the light of the
fact that the respondent was appealing against a decision by Lai Kew Chai J
(in Originating Summons No 1611 of 2004) on 19 January 2005, rejecting its
application for a scheme of arrangement with creditors under s 210 of the
Companies Act.

**Procedural and substantive justice**

4 It is axiomatic that every party ought to have its day in court. This is the
very embodiment of _procedural_ justice. The appellation “procedural” is
important. Procedural justice is just one aspect of the holistic ideal and
concept of justice itself. In the final analysis, the achievement of a
substantively just result or decision is the desideratum. It is more than
that, however. It is not merely an ideal. It must be a practical outcome – at
least as far as the court can aid in its attainment.

5 However, the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed
approach to the effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to
be the case. The obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just
outcome does not justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve
that objective. There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which
the final outcome is achieved.

6 Indeed, if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the outcome.

7 On the other hand, a just and fair procedure does _not_ , in and of itself,
ensure a just outcome. In other words, procedural fairness is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for a fair and just result.

8 The quest for justice, therefore, entails a continuous need to balance the
procedural with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to
ensure that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be – as far as is possible – a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do – and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how, I believe,
laypersons perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the
law in their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as
far as is possible, be enhanced.

9 It is true, however, that in the sphere of practical reality, there is often
a _tension_ between the need for procedural justice on the one hand and
substantive justice on the other. The task of the court is to attempt, as I
have pointed out in the preceding paragraph, to _resolv_ _e_ this tension.
There is a _further_ task: it is to actually attempt, simultaneously, to
_integrate_ these two conceptions of justice in order that justice in its
fullest orb may shine forth.

**The issues considered**

10 The present case is no exception. There was no doubt in my mind that, in
the final analysis, counsel for the petitioner, Mr Chan, was absolutely right
in arguing that the respondent had used any and every means to stave off its
winding up (the winding-up petition having been filed by the petitioner as far
back as 30 July 2004, with the present case constituting the sixth hearing of
the winding-up petition). It was clear, as counsel for the respondent, Mr
Padman, himself admitted during the course of these proceedings, that the
company was woefully insolvent (for example, he stated that while “[i]t has
been suggested that a liquidator can chase [the various possible] claims [on
behalf of the respondent- company] … there are _no funds in the company at
present_ ” [emphasis added].

11 One ought also to note, in the context of an application under s 210 of the
Companies Act, the following statement of principle by G P Selvam J in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Re Halley’s Departmental Store Pte Ltd_
[1996] 2 SLR 70 at 74, [16]–[17]:

In my view, in an application for approval of a scheme of arrangement under s
210 of the Act, the primary question the court must ask is whether the
proposed arrangement is a fair one. In effect this means that the scheme of
arrangement must be of some real benefit to the creditors and not result in
the creditors getting nothing or nearly nothing or the creditors being
deprived of a legitimate advantage they would get by winding up the company.
The court should not put its imprimatur on what in effect is a scheme of
confiscation of the rights of some minority unsecured creditors.

The court, further, must look into the realities of the case and take into
consideration all relevant matters. A court exercising a discretionary power
may, and indeed must, take into consideration the connection between the
company and other companies and information about persons closely connected
with the company, as well as the motives of such parties and ignore the fact
of separate personality.

12 What reason, therefore, was there for not granting the present petition? In
a nutshell, in fact, this was the very thrust of Mr Chan’s arguments when they
were reduced to their irreducible core. Indeed, the attainment of a
_substantively_ fair and just result was inherent within his arguments.

13 Counsel for the respondent, on the other hand, based his arguments on the
need for _procedural_ justice. To quote him, “There is no substantial
prejudice to the creditors but substantial prejudice to the respondents.”

14 In this simple sentence lies the very pith and marrow of the respondent’s
case in the present proceedings. The use of the word “substantial” is,
perhaps, apt to confuse. What Mr Padman _really_ meant was that his client
wanted _procedural_ justice.

15 However, it must be borne in mind that the present proceedings were just
one instance in a _long string_ of procedural applications taken out by the
respondent over a substantial period of time. It is no wonder, therefore, that
counsel for the petitioner argued that the issue was not simply a question of
prejudice suffered but, to quote him, “more an issue of abuse of the process
of court”.

16 I hasten to add at this juncture that counsel for the respondent clarified
that his firm had been instructed only more recently. I agreed with him, but,
as I stated to him, the issue of dilatoriness did not, in fairness, concern
him but, rather, related to his _client_ , the respondent. It was telling, in
my view, that counsel for the respondent stated candidly in response, “For
that I have no answer.” Whilst I appreciate counsel’s candour, it was amply
apparent that, from a _substantive_ perspective, the justice of the case lay
with the _petitioner and creditors generally instead_.

17 Perhaps as telling was Lai Kew Chai J’s rejection of the respondent’s
application for a scheme of arrangement with its creditors pursuant to s 210
of the Companies Act. As already mentioned, the appeal against the learned
judge’s decision constituted the nub of the respondent’s present application
to this court for a stay of the winding-up proceedings (see [3] above). The
issue which, therefore, arose from this was a simple, yet crucial, one: Would
the appeal against Lai J’s decision be an exercise in legal futility, and was
it therefore just another device on the part of the respondent to stave off
what appeared to me to be the inevitability of the winding up against the
respondent itself?

18 At the heart of the respondent’s argument lay the appeal to _procedural_
justice. In other words, a stay of the present winding-up proceedings ought to
be granted because the respondent ought to be given its day in court. More
specifically, it ought to be allowed the opportunity to argue before the Court
of Appeal that Lai J’s decision ought to be reversed. Although counsel could
not cite a local case directly on point (_viz_ , dealing directly with a stay
of winding-up proceedings), counsel for the petitioner did cite a number of
decisions in analogous situations – in particular, those relating to attempts
to stay the execution of a judgment or a mandatory injunction whilst an appeal
was pending (see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Lee Sian Hee v Oh
Kheng Soon_ [1992] 1 SLR 77 and the Singapore High Court decision of _Swiss
Singapore Overseas Enterprise Pte Ltd v Navalmar UK Ltd (No 2)_ [2003] 1 SLR
688, respectively).

19 Other arguments were also canvassed by the respondent – principally, those
dealing with the alleged lack of _locus standi_ on the part of the petitioner
and the supporting creditor, Samwoh Resources Pte Ltd (“Samwoh”),
respectively, to appear in the proceedings mentioned in the preceding
paragraph (see also [3] above). Counsel for the petitioner, however, helpfully
cited a number of cases that demonstrated that there had in fact been the
requisite _locus standi_ (see, for example, _Sri Hartamas Development Sdn Bhd
v MBf Finance Bhd_ [1990] 2 MLJ 31 and _Re Foursea Construction (M) Sdn Bhd_
[1998] 4 MLJ 99). Mr Chan’s arguments seemed to me to be very persuasive and
it came as no surprise when counsel for the respondent stated that he was not
pursuing this point any further. I therefore return to the central point in
this case – which is whether a stay of the present winding-up proceedings
ought to be granted in favour of the respondent, in order that it might be
afforded the opportunity to argue before the Court of Appeal that Lai J’s
decision rejecting its application for a scheme of arrangement in favour of
creditors under s 210 of the Companies Act ought to be reversed.

20 The general principle which ought, in my view, to be applied is this – that
where the pending appeal is an exercise in legal futility, the boundaries of
procedural justice would have been crossed, or, more correctly in my view,
abused. Although rendered in a slightly different context, the following
observation by Yong Pung How CJ, who delivered the judgment of the court in
_Lee Sian Hee v Oh Kheng Soon_ ([18] _supra_) at 80, [9], is apposite:

If a bald assertion of the likelihood of success is adequate, then a stay
would be granted in every case, for every appellant must expect that his
appeal will succeed.

21 At this juncture, where legal futility would result, the ostensible grant
of procedural justice would, in the balance and scheme of things, result in
the exact _opposite_ of what was originally desired – in other words, the
attainment of _substantive injustice_ instead. The balance wheel of justice
would, in other words, be diverted from its rightful course and be sent
careening into a legal abyss instead. At this point, the means would have been
used to thwart the ends (see also [7] above). In my view, this is precisely
one such case. Let me elaborate.

22 Lai J rejected the respondent’s application for a scheme of arrangement
with creditors under s 210 of the Companies Act for two main reasons. These
reasons are to be found in para 11 of the written submissions of counsel for
the petitioner (which he helpfully elaborated upon during oral argument). It
is significant that counsel for the respondent at no point whatsoever
contested the accuracy of these reasons. They were as follows.

23 First, Lai J found that there had been material non-disclosures on the part
of the respondent. In particular, it was not disclosed that the “white knight”
of the respondent, its director and shareholder, Ms Lee Ah Poh, had
_bankruptcy proceedings_ filed against her and that, in fact, the application
was due to be heard _the next day_ (see Bankruptcy Suit No 4855 of 2004).
Further, it was not disclosed that another creditor, Samwoh, had obtained an
arbitration award against the respondent. Indeed, counsel for Samwoh, Mr Choo,
was helpfully present at this hearing to assist this court in its
deliberations. The bankruptcy proceedings against Ms Lee have, at the time of
the present hearing, at least, been adjourned; so at least, technically
speaking, Ms Lee is not a bankrupt, but, here again, we find the respondent
(albeit through Ms Lee) taking advantage of _yet another_ _procedural
application_.

24 Secondly, the learned judge held that even if the application were granted,
it would have been an exercise in legal futility inasmuch as two of the main
creditors (Samwoh and the petitioner, _both_ , incidentally, present at this
very hearing) clearly opposed the proposed scheme of arrangement and, more
importantly, represented more than one-fourth in value of the total debts
owed. In addition to the existing sums owed by the respondent to the
petitioner, Samwoh had also obtained substantial damages against the
respondent in the arbitration award mentioned in the preceding paragraph. In
the circumstances, there would (as we shall see in [31] below) be no way that
the scheme of arrangement proposed by the respondent under s 210 of the
Companies Act could possibly have succeeded. In this regard, s 210(3) is
apposite, and reads as follows:

If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors
or class of creditors or members or class of members present and voting either
in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting agrees to any
compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall, if approved by
order of the Court, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors or
on the members or class of members, as the case may be, and also on the
company or, in the case of a company in the course of being wound up, on the
liquidator and contributories of the company.

25 In this regard, reference was also helpfully made by counsel for the
supporting creditor to Andrew Ang JC’s decision in _Eastern Pretech Pte Ltd v
Kin Lin Builders Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 195 (at [6]), where it was clear on the
facts that “if the scheme of arrangement were to be put to the vote at a
meeting of creditors pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act, it would
certainly be defeated”.

26 However, it did not, initially at least, appear to me that the requirements
in s 210(3) of the Companies Act would inevitably be satisfied on the facts of
the present case. This was, first, because s 210(3) mandates “a _majority in
number_ representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of
creditors or members or class of members _present and voting either in person
or by proxy_ at the meeting or the adjourned meeting” [emphasis added] as one
of the requirements, and this requirement might not in fact be met since both
the petitioner and Samwoh comprised only two of the creditors (see also _In re
Wedgwood Coal and Iron Company_ (1877) 6 Ch D 627 at 633–634). However, when
further questions were posed by me to counsel (in particular, counsel for the
respondent), it was discovered that the majority of creditors were _related_
creditors. That is to say, these creditors were, in some way or other, related
to the respondent. They would, of course, be biased in favour of the
respondent. Indeed, of the related creditors, the two main creditors were the
director/shareholder of the respondent, Ms Lee Ah Poh, and a company
controlled by the shareholders of the respondent, Ng Huat Construction Pte
Ltd. The two other related creditors were, respectively, another
director/shareholder of the respondent and another company which was
controlled by the shareholders of the respondent.

27 It seems to me that such related creditors ought not, in principle, to be
considered, on the basis that they would be at least perceived to be
prejudiced or biased. However, the literal language of s 210(3) suggests
otherwise.

28 It appears clear, nonetheless, that the court would, in considering whether
or not to grant an application for a scheme of arrangement under s 210 of the
Companies Act, take into account the fact that there were related creditors
and exercise due caution accordingly. Indeed, in addition to the observations
of G P Selvam J in _Re Halley’s Departmental Store_ quoted above ([11]
_supra_), the following observation in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore: Company
Law_ vol 6 (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at para 70.489 is also relevant:

The votes of those who have collateral motives in voting or divergent
interests are of little value in determining whether the scheme [under s 210
of the Companies Act] is fair and reasonable.

29 Reference may also be made to the following pertinent observations of
Malins VC in _In re Wedgwood Coal and Iron Company_ ([26] _supra_) at 637:

Now, therefore, [the] cases shew distinctly that it is not enough merely to
obtain the statutory majority. The Court, before it gives its sanction
(without which the resolution cannot be acted upon), must be satisfied that
the resolution has been carried _bonâ fide_ by persons who really have regard
to the interests of the company, and who have not voted merely for the purpose
of exonerating themselves from a liability which they have incurred.

30 Further reference may be made to the following views of Lindley LJ in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _In re Alabama, New Orleans, Texas and
Pacific Junction Railway Company_ [1891] 1 Ch 213 at 238–239, as follows:

[W]hat the Court has to do is to see, first of all, that the provisions of
that statute have been complied with; and, secondly, that the majority has
been acting _bonâ fide_. The Court also has to see that the minority is not
being overridden by a majority having interests of its own clashing with those
of the minority whom they seek to coerce. Further than that, the Court has to
look at the scheme and see whether it is one as to which persons acting
honestly, and viewing the scheme laid before them in the interests of those
whom they represent, take a view which can be reasonably taken by business
men. The Court must look at the scheme, and see whether the Act has been
complied with, whether the majority are acting _bonâ fide_ , and whether they
are coercing the minority in order to promote interests adverse to those of
the class whom they purport to represent; and then see whether the scheme is a
reasonable one or whether there is any reasonable objection to it, or such an
objection to it as that any reasonable man might say that he could not approve
of it.

31 However, even if one took into account the related creditors, it is clear
that with both the petitioner and Samwoh representing over one-fourth _in
value_ of the creditors, there would, in any event, be no way that the
proposed scheme of arrangement could have passed muster since _that_
requirement would _not_ have been satisfied.

32 Further, counsel for the petitioner drew my attention to the state of
affairs prevailing as at 30 November 2004 and which demonstrated that the
petitioner was, in fact, on _its own_ , merely a whisker shy of achieving the
one-fourth value required to scupper the proposed scheme of arrangement.

33 The fact remained that what would clearly bring the value over the one-
fourth mark would be the inclusion of moneys owed to Samwoh as a result of the
said arbitration proceedings. However, the respondent invoked _yet another
procedural device_ to stymie the enforcement of the arbitration award. This
took the form of an application for leave to appeal against the learned
arbitrator’s decision on a _point of law_ (pursuant to s 28 of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed)). The point of law concerned was rather
interestingly framed, and could be found in Ms Lee Ah Poh’s affidavit of 24
February 2005,[1] and which comprised the originating motion (Originating
Motion No 2 of 2005) taken out in respect of these arbitration proceedings.

34 To quote from the Originating Motion filed on behalf of the respondent,
specifically prayer 2 thereof, “[t]he question of law that arises is whether a
party to a joint venture contract which has accepted the repudiatory breach of
the other party is entitled to the entire benefit thereafter of assets of the
joint venture including to retain for itself all profits from such assets
earned after acceptance of the repudiatory breach”.

35 It is not proper for me to prejudge the issue and pronounce (even in the
most tentative of fashions) whether the point of law sought to be argued for
by the respondent is one for which leave to appeal will be given. I note,
however, that counsel for Samwoh did observe that “[t]he way the proposition
[of law] has been phrased [in the Originating Motion] is quite startling”
inasmuch as the proposition concerned is “claiming that a blameworthy party,
who is in repudiatory breach, which repudiatory breach has been accepted, is
entitled to profits after the repudiatory breach has been accepted”. This
observation (which is a corollary of the question of law stated in the
preceding paragraph) is not, in my own view, entirely without merit, but, as I
have mentioned, the status of this proposed proposition of law, is not before
the court today. It bears mentioning, however, that leave to appeal _vis-à-
vis_ a point of law, in so far as arbitration proceedings are concerned, is by
no means given as a matter of course. Indeed, the basic principles which ought
to guide the court were recently reaffirmed in the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (No 2)_ [2004] 2 SLR 494, which also helpfully surveyed
all the leading authorities in both Singapore as well as England.

36 What did concern me, however, was the fact that if the respondent were
ultimately successful in its appeal against the learned arbitrator’s decision,
this might possibly furnish the respondent with sufficient funds. More
importantly, it would undermine Samwoh’s status as a creditor of the
respondent and impact on the value mentioned in s 210(3) above.

37 On further consideration of the issue, however, I found myself unable to
take what, in the final analysis, was a relatively convoluted line of
reasoning into account as a crucial factor in favour of the respondent’s
present application for a stay of the winding-up proceedings.

38 It seemed to me, first, that even if the respondent were in fact to succeed
with regard to the appeal against the arbitration award, there remained Lai
J’s other grounds for dismissing the application by the respondent pursuant to
s 210 of the Companies Act and which, as we have seen, centred on material
non-disclosures (see [23] above).

39 I also took into account the fact that, as already mentioned above, the
petitioner itself was extremely close to the threshold requirement in terms of
value (see [32] above), and whilst it is true that it did not technically meet
it, I had also to take into account, _inter alia_ , the fact that the
respondent’s own argument (especially in [26] above) was not clearly in its
favour. In addition, if Samwoh were even partially successful, the money owed
to it (together with that already owed to the petitioner) would clearly have
rendered any proposal for a scheme of arrangement under s 210 by the
respondent nugatory as s 210(3) would not have been satisfied. Finally, I note
that there was (as counsel for the respondent himself conceded) no evidence of
any creditor agreeing with the respondent’s proposal, save for the related
creditors (who would, of course, agree). However, even if I am wrong, the fact
remains that the petitioner was on extremely solid ground _vis-à-vis_ Lai J’s
first ground mentioned in the preceding paragraph.

40 The upshot was that the respondent’s appeal against Lai J’s decision was
doomed to failure. Whilst it is true that I should not prejudge the appellate
court’s decision, the various authorities (cited at [18] above) do require me
to make some assessment of the likelihood of success. In this, it is apparent
to me that this is an extremely clear case. The respondent was clearly
utilising the appeal against Lai J’s decision as _yet another delaying tactic_
to stave off winding up. This constituted a blatant abuse of the process of
court. As we have already seen, this matter has already been delayed for a
very substantial period of time.

41 I also note that if the respondent is wound up, there is nothing precluding
the liquidator from continuing with the various actions and appeals on behalf
of the respondent. Needless to say, even new actions can be commenced if the
liquidator decides that there is merit in doing so. In other words, the
respondent will have its day in court and, to that extent, the requirements of
_procedural_ justice would _also_ have been met, albeit not in the manner
preferred by the respondent. What will _not_ happen, however, will be the
_continued and unjustified delay_ that has been based on one technical
application after another.

**Conclusion**

42**** In the circumstances, I dismissed the respondent’s application for a
stay of the petition for winding up, and granted the petitioner’s application
for the respondent to be wound up and for the Official Receiver, Singapore, to
be appointed as the liquidator of the respondent.

43 Although counsel for the petitioner was adamant that Ms Lee Ah Poh, as the
alleged alter ego of the respondent, ought to bear the costs of this action, I
did not (whilst sympathising with his argument) find sufficient evidence to
merit such a draconian course of action, and therefore awarded costs against
the respondent instead.

44 I was very grateful for the various clarifications, particularly of related
proceedings, by counsel for the supporting creditor, and, although costs are
not customarily awarded in favour of supporting creditors, I nevertheless
thought it appropriate, at Mr Choo’s request, to award disbursements for the
filing of affidavits.

**A coda**

45 As a not altogether irrelevant coda, there was a suggestion during the
hearing by Mr Choo, counsel for Samwoh, that one possible approach might be
for a provisional liquidator to be appointed either voluntarily or by the
court (see ss 291 and 267 of the Companies Act, respectively). To this end,
both Mr Choo and Mr Chan, counsel for the petitioner, explored the possibility
of appointing a liquidator by consent of the parties. Both counsel were
clearly addressing my concerns about procedural justice or due process being
stretched to its legitimate limits, if at all possible. However, despite their
valiant efforts, this avenue collapsed, although (so I am told) the parties
were very close to agreement. After hearing further arguments, I was not
convinced that I should appoint a provisional liquidator under s 267 of the
Companies Act and ordered that the respondent be wound up instead.

46 I commend Mr Chan and Mr Choo for attempting their level best to arrive at
a pragmatic resolution in an attempt to address the competing tensions. They
need not have adopted this course of action which seemed to me to tend, in
fact, more in favour of the respondent. Notwithstanding the fact that this
proposed course of action did not ultimately come to pass, the attempts by
both these counsel are examples of the spirit in which lawyers ought to
conduct their respective cases.

Application for stay of the petition for winding up of the respondent
dismissed.  
Petition for winding up of the respondent granted.

  

* * *

[1]Exhibit LAP-1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

