Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Fones Christina v Cheong Eng Khoon Roland  
[2005] SGHC 87

Case Number | : | OS 1314/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khoo Boo Jin (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for the plaintiff; Marina Chin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Fones Christina — Cheong Eng Khoon Roland   
  
Land – Adverse possession – Conversion of land into registered land – Adverse
possession acquired prior to conversion – Whether defendant entitled to claim
adverse possession of land – Whether s 50 of Land Titles Act applied
retrospectively – Section 50 Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Land – Adverse possession – Factors constituting adverse possession of land –
Whether defendants had continuous, open and exclusive physical possession
coupled with intention to possess – Whether aggregation of separate periods of
possession allowed  
  

3 May 2005

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 In this action, the plaintiff claims a declaration that she is entitled to
possession of that part of Lot 99567W Mukim 15 highlighted in yellow in the
plan annexed to the Originating Summons (“the strip of land in issue”) as the
owner of an estate in fee simple and that the defendant has no right, title or
interest in the strip of land in issue by adverse possession.

**The plaintiff’s case**

2 The plaintiff is the owner and occupier of the property at Lot 99567W Mukim
15 known as 12 Toronto Road (“No 12”). She became the owner on 14 September
1966 when No 12 was then Lot 20-81 Mukim 15. On 20 December 1966, No 12 was
brought under the regime of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157) (“LTA”) through the
then current Land Titles Ordinance 1956 (No 21 of 1956), (“1956 LTO”) and a
qualified Certificate of Title was issued in respect of it. On 2 April 2002,
the Certificate of Title became unqualified upon the cancellation of the
caution.

3 The defendant is the owner and occupier of the property at Lot 99568V Mukim
15 known as 10 Toronto Road (“No 10”). His late father, Cheong Chee Hock, had
been the owner of No 10 since May 1960. No 10 was then known as Lot 20-80
Mukim 15. In April 1991, the defendant became the owner of No 10 when the
property was conveyed to him.

4 No 10 is at the immediate right of No 12 when one looks at the two
properties from outside their main gates. No 12 is on higher ground, with a
slope declining towards No 10. The legal boundary line between the two
properties, which was somewhere in the middle of the slope, was marked by two
boundary stones affixed in the ground.

5 When the plaintiff first moved into No 12, there was a hedge between the two
properties but the hedge was planted at the top of the slope rather than along
the legal boundary line. The said hedge was L-shaped and continued along the
front of No 12. No 10 also had a hedge running along its front but that hedge
stopped at the legal boundary line up the slope. There was therefore a small
gap between the hedges of No 10 and of No 12. All this was evidenced by field
sketches done by the government authorities in January 1955.

6 In the 1970s, the plaintiff’s late husband and the defendant’s late father
decided to replace the hedge with a fence. The fence was constructed along the
line where the hedge of No 12 used to be, that is, along the top of the slope.
Sometime in the 1980s, the two men replaced the old fence with a new chain
link fence and that stands to this day, still along the top of the slope. Part
of the slope that belonged to No 12 was therefore on the other side of the
fence. This portion of the slope between the fence and the legal boundary line
is the strip of land in issue in this action. According to the plaintiff’s
surveyor, it measures 41.2m². However, the defendant’s surveyor measured it as
occupying 40m².

7 The plaintiff is now 73 years old and is living at No 12 with a maid. She
decided to sell No 12 because of her age and health problems. However,
potential buyers have expressed concern that the fence between No 12 and No 10
does not run along the legal boundary line. One interested party decided not
to proceed with the purchase of No 12 after speaking to the defendant and
learning that the defendant would make a claim against No 12 for the strip of
land in issue. The plaintiff, upon learning about the defendant’s intention,
was surprised and disappointed as that was the first time she had heard about
his intended claim against her property.

8 Although the defendant had instructed surveyors to survey the boundary
between the two properties in May 2004, he did not write to the plaintiff to
make any claim in respect of the strip of land in issue and did not lodge any
claim or caveat against it. In June 2004, the plaintiff wrote a letter to the
defendant to explain that she was getting on in years and needed to move to a
smaller house and asked for his written confirmation that he would not object
to moving the fence to its correct position along the legal boundary line upon
the sale of No 12. The defendant did not give her the written confirmation
sought.

9 In August 2004, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant repeating
the request for such written confirmation. On 23 August 2004, the defendant,
through his solicitors, indicated in writing for the first time that he was
entitled to the strip of land in issue by way of adverse possession. The
plaintiff’s solicitors then invited the defendant to commence proceedings to
stake his claim if he was serious about it. As the defendant refused to do so,
the plaintiff was compelled to commence this Originating Summons so that she
would be able to sell her property.

10 This Originating Summons, with its supporting affidavits, was filed on 6
October 2004 but it was only on 5 November 2004 that the defendant first
lodged a caveat claiming an interest in the strip of land in issue by virtue
of having acquired title by way of adverse possession. The caveat did not
state the date such title was allegedly acquired. However, in his affidavit
filed in these proceedings, the defendant claimed that the period of adverse
possession was that prior to 20 December 1954 and all the way up to 19
December 1966 (“the relevant 12-year period”), a continuous period of at least
12 years before No 12 was brought under the LTA.

11 The plaintiff submitted that as the defendant was not in possession of the
strip of land in issue during the relevant 12-year period, his claim could
only be based on the adverse possession of his predecessors-in-title, none of
whom had made any allegation of adverse possession, and the burden of proving
such adverse possession rested on him. The defendant’s predecessors-in-title
during the relevant 12-year period were Emile Le Mercier (December 1954 to May
1960) and the defendant’s father (May 1960 to December 1966). Both have passed
away. The plaintiff’s predecessor-in-title in respect of No 12 during that
period was the late Francis Anthony Rodrigues (December 1954 to September
1966).

12 In January 1955, there was no fence or hedge enclosing any part of the
strip of land in issue. There were only the L-shaped hedge in No 12 and a
separate hedge in No 10 which stopped at the legal boundary line. Those hedges
have since been replaced by fences. Surveys done by the plaintiff’s and the
defendant’s respective surveyors showed that the present fence and the former
hedge at the top of the slope could not have been in exactly the same
position. A hedge, being a natural feature, would have a thickness which could
vary along its length and also may not be in an exact straight line from end
to end. There were also discrepancies in the dimensions stated in both
surveys.

13 In 1997, the plaintiff made a successful claim by way of adverse possession
on a narrow strip of land on the other side of No 12, measuring some 23.8m².
That strip had not been brought under the LTA and was maintained by the
plaintiff since 1966. She made the claim against it after the Land Office
informed her that it had been abandoned for three years or more and would be
forfeited to the State unless a claim was established within six months from
its notice to her. The owner of that strip of land could not be located and
the plaintiff’s application to court was therefore advertised in the
newspapers. Her claim was uncontested. During one of her meetings with the
defendant, he stated that since she had successfully claimed some 24m² against
the owner at the other side of No 12, he should be entitled to claim at least
that amount of land from her on the side in issue. The plaintiff failed to see
the logic of this contention.

14 During the course of these proceedings, the defendant even sought to
broaden the scope of his claim in adverse possession by claiming not only the
strip of land in issue but also a small grass-covered plot outside his wooden
fence at No 10, sloping towards the road and supported by No 12’s low
retaining wall (“the smaller plot in dispute”). This smaller plot has not been
the subject of any survey.

**The defendant’s case**

15 The defendant, who was born on 7 December 1946, stated that he would have
seen No 10 sometime in 1954 when his father was looking for a property to buy
for the family. He remembered that the physical boundary between No 10 and No
12 was a hedge at the top of the slope. After considering various housing
estates, his father decided to buy a property in the Namly estate. However,
the developer went into financial difficulty and his father withdrew from the
deal. Other properties were then considered, including those which had been
seen before. In 1960, his father purchased No 10 from Emile Le Mercier, the
first owner since July 1954.

16 Emile Le Mercier has passed away but the defendant spoke to Mrs Le Mercier
who recalled the physical boundary being located at the top of the slope and
how she used to plant flowers on the slope, treating it as part of No 10. No
affidavit was made by Mrs Le Mercier on this. The defendant explained that the
elderly lady was extremely reluctant to discuss her days at No 10 as that
brought back some very unhappy memories for her and he did not want to press
her to make any statement or affidavit. However, he managed to track down one
of his former neighbours, Mathiew Roy Stevens (“Mathiew”), who has made an
affidavit in these proceedings.

17 Toronto Road is a sloping road and many of the properties along it have
slopes separating their compounds, with the legal boundaries running along the
slopes but with the physical boundaries invariably at the top of the slopes.
That was the way the houses along that road were developed as it was the
sensible and practical thing to do. Similarly, the initial physical boundary
between No 10 and No 12 was a hedge at the top of the slope. Later, a fence
was erected where the hedge stood. Some time later, the hedge was removed,
leaving only the fence to separate the two properties. When that fence was
replaced with another one, the plaintiff’s husband had it erected along the
top of the slope again. The fence thus came to be where it stands now because
of the physical boundary put in place by the developers and not because the
plaintiff and her husband permitted it to be so.

18 The owners of No 10 have always treated the slope as part of their land and
they maintained it by having the grass growing thereon cut regularly and
reinstating it whenever soil erosion took place. The defendant’s family had
pet dogs which enjoyed running up and down the slope, contributing to the soil
erosion. Some seven years ago, a large section of the slope at the back of the
compound collapsed and the defendant had to spend about $15,000 to put it
right. At no time did the plaintiff attend to the problem or pay for the
rectification works.

19 In 1991, when the defendant became the owner of No 10, the house, the fence
and the front gates were torn down and the entire property was rebuilt, with
the strip of land in issue regarded as part of No 10. There was no protest
from the plaintiff that the fence separating the two properties should be re-
located to the legal boundary. Similarly, when the plaintiff renovated No 12,
she maintained the physical boundary between the two properties at the top of
the slope.

20 The field sketches prepared by the government authorities in January 1955
also showed that the physical boundaries did not coincide with the legal
boundaries in the properties along Toronto Road. Since the first owners of No
10 bought it in July 1954, the hedge at the top of the strip of land in issue
must have been planted there before 20 December 1954.

21 The defendant explained that he referred to the plaintiff’s claim on the
other side of No 12 only in the context of trying to achieve an amicable,
holistic solution to the dispute. He had suggested involving the other
property owners along Toronto Road as they all faced the same difficulty of
having physical boundaries which did not coincide with the legal boundaries.
However, the plaintiff was only interested in having the strip of land in
issue so that she would not have any problems selling No 12. The negotiations
therefore fell through.

22 The defendant also claimed that he realised, after consulting a surveyor,
that the area marked out earlier by him as the strip of land claimed in
adverse possession actually showed only the area in so far as it was within
the physical boundary of No 10. He now claimed that his adverse possession
extended to the smaller plot in dispute mentioned earlier (in [14] above).

23 In July 2004, the plaintiff sent her surveyors to the defendant’s property
without prior notice. Nevertheless, the defendant accommodated them. A
subsequent visit made by him and his wife to No 12 to re-open negotiations did
not result in any resolution. The plaintiff then sprung another surprise on
him by attempting service of the court documents on him at No 10 instead of
asking his solicitors whether they had instructions to accept service of
process. As he was out of Singapore, substituted service was thereafter
effected.

24 Mathiew (see [16] above), a writer, was born on 28 September 1949. His
uncle became the owner of 45 Florida Road around June 1954. Florida Road links
up with Toronto Road. From around August 1954 until 1974, Mathiew stayed over
in his uncle’s house frequently on weekends and during most of the school
holidays. It became like a second home to him and he became familiar with the
surroundings, including Toronto Road. He also got to know many of the boys
living in that housing estate, including the son of Emile Le Mercier (the
previous owner of No 10). In 1974, Mathiew, together with his parents and his
sister, moved into 45 Florida Road and lived there until 1981.

25 Mathiew remembered the slope at No 10. He and the boys in the neighbourhood
often used it as a slide while Emile Le Mercier lived there and continued to
do so when the defendant’s father became the owner of No 10. He recalled that
the hedge separating No 10 and No 12 was at the top of the slope and that a
fence was later erected there. Subsequently, the hedge was removed, leaving
only the fence there.

**The decision of the court**

26 Adverse possession may be established by aggregation of separate periods by
different persons so long as there is continuity between the said periods
(_Jubilee Electronics Pte Ltd v Tai Wah Garments & Knitting Factory Pte Ltd_
[1996] 2 SLR 39). The adverse possessor must also show that he was in factual
possession of the land in question and that he had the requisite intention to
possess it: see Robert Megarry & William Wade, _The Law of Real Property_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2000) at p 1308. The possession must be actual,
open, continuous and exclusive, and without the licence of the documentary
owner of the land: see Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements of Land Law_
(Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2004) at p 403.

27 Emile Le Mercier (the first owner of No 10) and Cheong Chee Hock (the
defendant’s father) were the owners of No 10 during the relevant 12-year
period. The plaintiff pointed out that neither of them made any claim of
adverse possession of the strip of land in issue. However, Emile Le Mercier
could not stake such a claim since he was in occupation of No 10 for a period
of some six years only. The defendant’s father had no occasion to expressly
state that he was making such a claim. Indeed, there was never any need to.

28 The physical boundary was always at the top of the slope and the strip of
land in issue was always regarded by the owners of No 10 as part of No 10.
Even the plaintiff and her late husband showed by their conduct (in
particular, leaving the hedge where it was and building a fence where the
hedge stood) that they had always accepted that position. They could have been
mistaken as to where the legal boundary was but that did not convert what was
adverse possession by the defendant and his predecessors-in-title into
occupation by permission of the true owner. Exclusive possession does not
entail the erection of high fences or the planting of hedges all round the
strip of land in issue, although such action would be strong evidence of an
intention to exclude others. There was no need to encircle the strip of land
in issue in any event because the plaintiff and her husband had already shut
themselves out by their L-shaped hedge, leaving it to the owners of No 10 to
maintain that strip (for instance, cutting the grass thereon) and to do what
they wished with it. If there had been an intruder on the strip of land in
issue, one would imagine it would be the owners of No 10 who would question
him as to his purpose there. As far as the owners of No 12 were concerned, the
intruder would have been on the other side of the hedge or the fence and in No
10. Clearly, there was continuous, open and exclusive physical possession
coupled with the intention to possess. The original hedges were already in
place in January 1955 and it is therefore entirely reasonable to hold that the
position must have come about at least some months before January 1955.

29 I note the contention that hedges are natural features which would change
in size over time, that the field sketches of January 1955 would not show the
precise location of the hedges, that the hedge and the original fence that was
constructed between No 10 and No 12 could not have been on the same straight
line and that there were some discrepancies in the dimensions stated in the
separate surveys done on behalf of the parties. With respect, I think that is
a contention in trivialities. The hedge would have been grown on the flat
portion of the land in No 12 at the edge just before the land begins to slope
downwards toward No 10. Logically, the original fence would have been erected
along the side of the hedge nearer to No 10 so that the fence enclosed the
hedge within the compound of No 12. The fence would have been erected along a
straight line and any part of the hedge that got in the way of the builders
would have been easily trimmed off. At any rate, taking the existing fence as
the demarcation line would be the most sensible thing to do.

30 On the other hand, I did not accept the defendant’s belated claim of
adverse possession of the smaller plot in issue. It did not feature until very
late in these proceedings and appeared to have been included just for good
measure. The evidence also did not support the defendant’s claim to this
smaller plot outside the physical boundary of No 10 because the plaintiff’s
external, low retaining wall extended to this smaller plot.

31 The plaintiff argued that even if the defendant was able to show adverse
possession, the defendant had failed to commence any proceedings or lodge any
application in respect of his claim within six months from 1 March 1994. The
plaintiff relied on the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Balwant Singh v Double
L & T Pte Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 726 and submitted as follows. Applying that
decision to the facts here, No 12 was brought under the 1956 LTO on 20
December 1966 and, as at 1 March 1994, was therefore registered land held
under the provisions of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1985 Rev Ed) which was
repealed by the Land Titles Act 1993 (Act 27 of 1993) (“the 1993 LTA”) (when
it came into force on 1 March 1994). The adverse possessor of land in No 12
could rely on ss 172(7) and 172(8) of the 1993 LTA since he was in adverse
possession of registered land and was entitled to lodge an application for a
possessory title to the land under the provisions of the repealed LTA.
However, s 172(7) of the 1993 LTA would not apply to the defendant because as
at 1 March 1994, no pending application for a possessory title had been lodged
by him. Under s 172(8) of the 1993 LTA, the defendant could, within six months
from 1 March 1994, “make an application to court for an order to vest the
title in him or lodge an application for a possessory title to the land and
the application shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the
repealed Act in force immediately before such date”. Since the defendant
failed to take advantage of the said s 172(8) within the stipulated period,
then under s 50 of the 1993 LTA, “no title to land adverse to or in derogation
of the title of a proprietor of registered land shall be acquired by any
length of possession by virtue of the Limitation Act or otherwise”. The
defendant only made a claim on the strip of land in issue in November 2004 and
was therefore a decade too late.

32 The Court of Appeal in _Balwant Singh v Double L & T Pte Ltd_ held that by
reason of the changes effected by the 1993 LTA, as of 1 March 1994, there were
only three categories of claims for adverse possession:

(a) for land held under the common law system, if the adverse possessor did
not have twelve years of adverse possession as of 1 March 1994, he would not
be able to make a claim; conversely, if he had the requisite 12 years, he
could rely on s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA to preserve his title;

(b) for registered land held under the provisions of the repealed LTA, the
adverse possessor could rely on ss 172 (7) and 172(8) of the 1993 LTA;

(c) for registered land held under the provisions of the 1993 LTA, no adverse
possession claims were allowed unless the said ss 172(7) or 172(8) applied.

The court also said that s 50 of the 1993 LTA did not apply retrospectively.
It applied only in respect of adverse possession which had not crystallised
into a possessory title when the land became registered land and not to
adverse possession which had so crystallised because, in the latter situation,
the title of the documentary owner would already have been extinguished at the
time of the conversion to registered land. As noted by the court (at 732,
[24]), although s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA was omitted from the 1994 edition of
the LTA (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed), it remained in force by virtue of s 5 of the
Revised Edition of the Laws Act (Cap 275, 1995 Rev Ed).

33 Based on my finding above that adverse possession occurred some months
before January 1955, the defendant’s possessory title had already crystallised
before 20 December 1966 when No 12 was brought under the provisions of the
1956 LTO. Accordingly, the plaintiff’s title to the strip of land in issue was
extinguished by the operation of the Limitation Ordinance in force at the
material time when No 12 was still under the common law system. The
plaintiff’s claim in this action therefore fails.

34 I made the following orders:

(a) this Originating Summons is dismissed with costs;

(b) the defendant is entitled to adverse possession of the strip of land in
issue, as indicated in the survey plan at p 13 of the defendant’s Affidavit
sworn on 24 November 2004, but not the smaller plot in dispute and that all
rights and title of the plaintiff to the said strip of land in issue have been
extinguished;

(c) the Registrar of Titles is to register this Order of Court accordingly;
and

(d) the costs of Summons in Chambers No 7020 of 2004 (the plaintiff’s
application for leave to admit a further affidavit of Ong Lok Ping filed on 23
December 2004) be costs in the Originating Summons.

Claim dismissed. Declaration made in defendant’s favour.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

