Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## T Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2005] SGHC 115

Case Number | : | DA 14/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nand Singh Gandhi (Allen and Gledhill) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and Usha Chandradas (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  T Ltd — Comptroller of Income Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Company seeking to claim expenses
as deductions – Whether expenses deductible under ss 14(1)(a) and 37(1)(a)
Income Tax Act – Whether company incurring expenses before commencement of
business – Sections 14(1)(a), 37(1)(a) Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Company seeking to claim expenses
as deductions – Whether interest deductible – Whether interest incurred by
appellant of capital or revenue nature – Section 15(1)(c) Income Tax Act (Cap
134, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

1 This is an appeal by the taxpayer company against the decision of the Income
Tax Board of Review (“the Board”) dated 26 April 2004 in Income Tax Board of
Review Appeal No 20 of 2000.

2 The appeal before the Board was based on an Amended Agreed Statement of
Facts as is the appeal before me. They are as follows, after due amendment, so
as not to reveal the identity of the appellant:

1\. The appellant, T Ltd (“the Company”), is a company incorporated in
Singapore.

2\. The Company was incorporated by a firm of lawyers on 24 July 1989 as a
private limited company. It had a $2 paid-up capital and did not carry on any
business. In 1992 it was acquired by the D Land Group upon which its name was
changed to T Ltd and its first objects:

(a) To purchase, take on lease or otherwise acquire from the Housing and
Development Board the land described as Land Parcel P4, Tampines in the
Republic of Singapore and any estate or interest in and any rights connected
with such land.

(b) To carry on the business of constructing or otherwise developing a
building on Land Parcel P4, Tampines, for the purpose of owning, managing and
operating a property letting business.”

On 24 June 1998, the Company was converted to a public company.

3\. The Company was awarded the land from the HDB on 6 June 1992. It signed a
building agreement with the HDB on 1 December 1992 under which it undertook to
develop the land. The proposed development project was described as a
“comprehensive retail complex with 3 basements (2 for carparks and 1 for shops
and supermarket), a 4-storey shopping podium … and two towers …”.

4\. The purchase of the land was funded by share capital and interest-bearing
shareholders’ loans. Subsequently, and during the construction phase, part of
the shareholders’ loans was converted to share capital and part (but not all)
replaced by external borrowing which bore interest.

5\. The Company submitted plans on 16 December 1992 to develop the complex and
obtained provisional planning approval on 6 February 1993. The chronology of
significant events from then on was:

Date of award of main building contract:

19 October 1993

Date of commencement of superstructure works:

2 November 1993

Date of Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”):

15 November 1995

Date when first tenancy commenced:

15 November 1995

6\. In the accounts for 1990 and 1991, the principal activity of the Company
was described in the Directors’ Report as that of “investment in and
development of properties. Such activities, however, have not commenced since
the date of incorporation of the company.” In the accounts for 1992 (the year
in which the land was acquired) to 1995, the principal activity was described
as “property investment and development”.

7\. The Company’s intention in developing the building was for long-term
investment by letting out to various tenants.

8\. The Company incurred interest and other expenses such as administrative,
marketing and advertising expenses from 28 October 1993 to 15 November 1995,
the date of the granting of the TOP. The amount of these pre-TOP expenses
brought forward to the year of assessment 1997 (the subject year of this
appeal) was $5,213,184, comprised as follows:

Interest $4,825,015

General and administrative expenses $ 86,401

Advertising and promotion expenses,

agency fees and marketing expenses $ 301,768

9\. The Company claimed these expenses (“the said expenses”) as deductions
under section 14 of the Income Tax Act and sought to carry forward the excess
of the said expenses over income as losses under section 37 of the Act.

10\. The Comptroller of Income Tax refused to allow the deductions of the said
expenses (and hence the carry-forward of the losses) incurred prior to the
date of the granting of the TOP.

11\. The Company applied to the Comptroller under section 76(2) of the Act,
for the said assessment to be reviewed and revised.

12\. On 20 October 2000 the Comptroller issued a Notice of Refusal to Amend in
respect of the said assessment and the Company on 20 October 2000 filed with
the Comptroller and the Clerk to the Board of Review a Notice of Appeal under
section 79(1) of the Act.

3 The questions before the Board were whether the said expenses incurred by
the appellant, prior to the date the appellant obtained the TOP:

(a) qualified for deduction under s 14(1) of the Act;

(b) were not disallowed by s 15(1) of the Act; and

(c) qualified to be carried forward as losses under s 37 of the Act to the
extent to which they exceeded income in any year of assessment.

4 The parties characterised the underlying issues as the “Pre-Commencement
Issue” and the “Capital Expenditure Issue”.

**The pre-commencement issue**

5 The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore’s (“Revenue’s”) contentions on the
Pre-Commencement Issue may be summarised as follows:

(a) Losses of an earlier period may be brought forward and set off against the
taxpayer’s statutory income of a later year if the requirements of s 37(2)(a)
are satisfied.

(b) Section 37(2)(a) losses arise from the incurring of expenditure deductible
under s 14; if such expenditure is not deductible under s 14, no s 37(2)(a)
losses will arise.

(c) Expenditure is not deductible under s 14 if there is no “business” in
existence at the time when the expenditure is incurred.

(d) The appellant’s business did not commence until the TOP was granted in
respect of T Ltd.

(e) Therefore, expenses incurred during the development period were “pre-
commencement” expenses; they were not deductible under s 14 and therefore
could not be carried forward as s 37(2(a) losses.

6 Before the Board and in the present appeal, whilst the appellant did not
take issue with Revenue’s propositions (a), (b) and (c), it contended that
proposition (d) was wrong. It argued that its business commenced when, as a
property investment company, it commenced to lay out money on the creation or
acquisition of its investment property. If proposition (d) was wrong, then
proposition (e) likewise would fail.

**The capital expenditure issue**

7 Revenue’s contention with regard to this issue began with the same
propositions (a) and (b) as in the Pre-Commencement Issue, but then continued
as follows:

(c) Expenditure is not deductible under s 14 if either:

(i) it is itself of a capital nature; or

(ii) it is “in respect of any sum employed as capital” within s 15(1)©.

(d) Interest paid by the appellant was either of a capital nature or within
the scope of the words “in respect of sums employed as capital …” in s 15(1)©
and hence disallowed.

(e) Therefore, the said expenditure was not deductible under s 14 and could
not create s 37(2)(a) losses to be carried forward.

8 The appellant challenged the Revenue’s contentions in proposition (d) and
argued, firstly, that interest is inherently of a revenue nature and,
secondly, that interest incurred by the appellant is not caught by the words
“in respect of any sums employed as capital”.

9 I shall now deal with the first of the two issues.

**Commencement of business**

10 Was the appellant carrying on business at the time it incurred the said
expenses? If it was not, the expenses are not allowable, being pre-
commencement expenses.

11 For the appellant, it was argued that, in order to determine when a
business commences, it is necessary to identify what is the true essence of
the business. It was contended that with an investment company, the essence of
the business consists in laying out capital expenditure with a view to
deriving rental income; the business commences when the company commences to
lay out its capital expenditure.

12 Counsel for the appellant identified two separate aspects of the business
of a typical property investment company. One is the activity of deriving an
investment income, _ie_ , rents. The other is the activity of owning the
investment and doing everything associated therewith. Counsel stressed that in
the case of a property investment company, the acquisition of an area of land
and the creation of the investment by erecting a building on the land are just
as much part of the company’s business as the subsequent earning of rents from
the building when it has been completed and let.

13 Counsel for the appellant pointed to the objects clause in the appellant’s
Memorandum of Association and submitted that its business, indeed the very
reason for its existence, was to acquire the Housing & Development Board site
and to construct a building on it for the purpose of owning, managing and
operating a property-letting business.

14 Although counsel conceded that a company cannot conclusively answer the
question as to when its business commences merely by what it puts in its
objects clause, he submitted nevertheless that there is a very strong
presumption that if a company’s objects clause indicates that the company has
been formed to carry out a particular activity, and the company then proceeds
to do precisely what it has been formed to do, its activities are the carrying
on of a business, and the business commences as soon as the company starts to
perform the functions set out in its objects clause.

15 The same arguments were made before the Board. The Board considered the
activities of the appellant in acquiring the building (_ie_ , in obtaining a
lease of the land and developing a building thereon) as a one-off or isolated
activity. It observed that the appellant owns only that single property and
that the regular activity of the appellant was in letting out space in that
building to suitable tenants. The Board drew support for its view from one of
the principal objects of the appellant which was to “carry on the business of
constructing or otherwise developing a building on Land Parcel P4, Tampines,
_for the purpose of owning, managing and operating a property letting
business_ ” [emphasis in original].

16 The Board found further support for its view in the Notes to the Accounts
of the Company for years 1992 to 1996 wherein it was stated that the
“properties [were] held for the primary purpose of producing rental income”.
Counsel for the appellant raised the objection that the Board omitted to
mention that the Notes to the Accounts also stated the principal activities as
being property investment and development. However, I doubt that it would have
made any difference to the finding of the Board that “the appellant’s
activities were consistent with the business of letting at the material time
rather than in the property investment and development business”.

17 In arriving at this finding, the Board had to deal with the appellant’s
contention that if a company’s objects clause indicates that the company has
been formed to carry out a particular activity, and the company proceeds to do
precisely what it has been formed to do, its business commences. As to this,
the Board referred to the case of _Vallambrosa Rubber Company Ltd v Farmer_
(1910) 5 TC 529 (“ _Vallambrosa_ ”) cited by the appellant and pointed to what
it described as a “contrary view” in the judgment of Lord Johnston where he
said at 536:

What is the trade, [_etc_]? I think that this must be ascertained from the
Memorandum of the Company, read in conjunction with the actual operations of
the Company.

Apart from pointing out that many cases have held that the Memorandum of
Association could not be decisive of the nature of a taxpayer’s business, the
Board referred in particular to the local case of _Mitsui-Soko International
Pte Ltd v The Comptroller of Income Tax_ (1998) MSTC 7,349 (“ _Mitsui-Soko
International_ ”). In that case, the High Court cautioned against adopting as
a statement of rule or principle the proposition that if a company’s objects
are business objects and they are carried out, the company is to be regarded
as carrying on business. At [4] Warren L H Khoo J expressed his view thus:

I first deal with the proposition that if a company’s objects are business
objects and they are carried out, the company is to be treated as carrying on
business. This statement has its origin in what _Pollock_ M.R. said in _Inland
Revenue Commissioners v. Westleigh Estates Co._ (1924), 1 KB 390. It was
referred to with approval by Lord _Guest_ in the _Privy Council case of_
_Commissioner of Income Tax v Hanover Agencies Ltd_ (1967) AC 681 (appeal from
Jamaica). I think, however, that it would not be right to treat these
observations as a statement of a rule or principle. In the _American Leaf
Blending_ case, Lord  _Diplock_ rightly cautioned against taking them out of
the context of the case in which they were made. His lordship expressly
dissociated himself from the view that every isolated act of a kind that is
authorised by its memorandum, if done by a company, necessarily constitutes
the carrying on of a business … A literal application of _Pollock_ M.R.’s
dictum might result in almost every economic activity carried out by a company
as constituting the carrying on of business. That is something which I am sure
was not intended.

18 In tax cases where the issue was whether the taxpayer company was either
investing or dealing in property, the courts have not been timorous to
disregard objects which they considered to be self-serving and to look instead
at the operations of the company to determine what its true business was. It
should be no different where the enquiry is into the date of commencement of a
company’s business as such enquiry will bring in tow the question what the
business of the company is. Each case will have to be examined on its facts.

19 The Board also referred to the Australian case of _Hope v The Council of
the City of Bathurst_ 80 ATC 4386; (1980) 144 CLR 1 where the court suggested
that for a business to be carried on, the activities must possess something of
a permanent character. The Board considered the _dictum_ in the case useful
even though the facts of the case were different from our present case. In
that case, Mason J (at ATC 4390; CLR 8–9), with whose reasoning Gibbs, Stephen
and Aickin JJ agreed, placed emphasis on the question whether the activities
in question could be seen as a “commercial enterprise in the nature of a going
concern, that is, activities engaged for the purpose of profit on a continuous
and repetitive basis”.

20 These then were the reasons why the Board came to the conclusion that the
business of the appellant was in the letting of property rather than in
property investment and development.

21 For my part, whilst I would not be quite so categorical as to say that
there must always be repetition before there can be a business, I am unable to
say that the Board erred in finding that the business of the appellant was in
the letting of space in the property rather than in the construction and
development of the investment property. It seems quite clear that the _raison
d’etre_ of the company is the owning and letting of the completed property. It
is not the acquisition of the developed land or the development of the same.
Without the letting, neither of the latter activities would earn the company a
profit; they are merely preparatory steps.

22 When then did the appellant’s business commence? The answer to this
question is of course dependent on the determination as to what the business
of the appellant was. The Board was of the opinion that the business would
commence when a profit making structure was established. Applying that test to
the appellant’s business of letting of the property, it held that the business
commenced when the TOP had been issued and the building was ready for
occupation.

23 In arriving at this decision, the Board relied upon cases from South
Africa, the United Kingdom and New Zealand as well as the local case of
_Mitsui-Soko International_ ([17] _supra_) referred to earlier. One was the
South African _Income Tax Case No 697_ , (1950) 17 SATC 93. I take the liberty
of quoting the headnotes from the report:

Appellant company was the owner of a property on which was erected an old
building from which for a period it derived certain rentals which, however,
amounted to less than the expenditure on the property by way of interest and
assessment rates, etc.

On 1st December, 1947, the company commenced to demolish the old building and
immediately the demolition was completed began the erection of a new building
which was completed in October 1948, and thereafter let to various tenants.

For the year of assessment ended 30th June, 1958, the appellant company sought
to deduct from its income assessment rates sanitary fees and interest
amounting to £1,110.

In his determination of the taxable income of the appellant company for the
year of assessment in question, the Commissioner for Inland Revenue allowed
the deduction of 5/12ths of the sum of £1,110 and refused to allow the
deduction of the balance of 7/12ths of the expenditure, i.e. the expenditure
covering the period from 1st December, 1947, when the work of demolition
began, to 30th June, 1948, by which date the new building had not yet been
completed.

Objection was brought against the Commissioner’s disallowance of portion of
the expenditure on this basis. On appeal,

_Held_ , dismissing the appeal that since the building which was in the course
of erection during the period in respect of which the expenditure was
disallowed was not an asset which could be used to produce income, the
expenditure upon it was of a preliminary or capital nature and was not laid
out for purposes of trade or in the production of income and was accordingly
not an allowable deduction.

Price J held at 95 that:

The question in this case is not whether an income was produced or not, but
whether there was in existence a business which was being carried on for the
purpose of producing income. It is one thing for a taxpayer to conduct a
business for the purpose of producing income and to fail to produce that
income, and quite another for such a taxpayer to be in the process of
equipping an undertaking which he intends to turn into a business for the
purpose of producing income. The real question which is involved in this case
is whether during the period when the undertaking is being equipped
expenditure then incurred, during that period, is expenditure incurred in the
production of income or in an attempt to produce income.

The court went on to explain at 96:

The items disallowed by the Commissioner were disallowed because for a
proportionate period in respect of which the expenditure was incurred the
building was in the course of erection and was not an asset which could be
used to let and to produce income, and that the expenditure, therefore, was of
a preliminary or capital nature. It seems to me clear that until the asset
becomes an asset capable of producing income any expenditure upon it is of a
preliminary nature and is not deductible, because the rates and interest were
not laid out exclusively or at all, in point of fact, for the purposes of
trade. If a taxpayer has no asset with which he can trade then he cannot be
trading. That seems to me to be a simple, logical statement, and it seems to
me that it is the simple, logical statement which determines the issue in this
case. During the period in respect of which the rates and interest were
disallowed the taxpayer had no asset with which he could trade and he was not
trading, and if he was not trading the expenditure was not incurred in the
production of income. The expenditure was incurred in the creation or
equipment of an asset which was intended to be used at a later stage for the
purpose of earning income. It was initial or preliminary expenditure designed
to extend the scope of the business or to improve its earning capacity. It was
money spent in an attempt to create a source of income or to acquire an
advantage for the benefit of the business which was later to be undertaken.

24 The same approach was adopted in the English cases. In _The Birmingham &
District Cattle By-Products Co Ltd v The Commissioners of Inland Revenue_
(1919) 12 TC 92 (“ _Birmingham & District Cattle By-Products_”), the English
court drew a distinction between transactions preparatory to the commencement
of business and those which occurred once the business had commenced. The
facts of that case and relevant extracts from the judgment of Rowlatt J have
been conveniently summarised by the Board of Review and I adopt the same in
the paragraphs following:

In that case, the taxpayer was incorporated on 20 June 1913. Between 20 June
and 6 October 1913, it went about looking at places of business of similar
character in various parts of the country. It arranged for the erection of
works and purchased plant and machinery. It entered into agreements relating
to the purchase of products to be used in its business. It engaged and
employed a foreman for its works. It even entered into agreements for the sale
of its finished products. On 6 October 1913, the installation of plant and
machinery being completed the taxpayer started to receive raw materials to
manufacture into finished products. The issue in that case was whether the
taxpayer commenced business on 20 June 1913 or 6 October 1913. The taxpayer
contended that it should be the earlier date, while the Revenue insisted on
the later date. The Court concluded that acts prior to 6 October 1913 were but
preparatory acts to the commencement of the business. In doing so, it said [at
97]:

… Now the company took over those agreements, and having taken over those
agreements the directors, at the expense of the company, as was very proper,
went about and looked at places of business of a similar character in various
parts of the country. That was an admirable thing to do preparatory to
commencing business, but it certainly was not commencing business. If you go
and look at other businesses to see how you will conduct your business when
you set it up, you are preparing to commence business, but you are not
commencing business.

Then they entered into a contract for the erection of works, which works were
duly erected in July, 1913. That again is preparatory. The company were
occupying themselves with activities within their powers, of course; they were
living their life; but they had not yet begun to conduct their trade or
business. Then they purchased machinery and plant for carrying on the
business. That was getting ready. Then they entered into agreements for the
purchase of products. Those are the agreements which I have already referred
to which formed the substratum of the company, but no materials came in nor
were any sausage skins made from the 20th June. They waited, and I suppose in
October, the date they refer to in their Minutes, having looked round, and
having got their machinery and plant, and having also employed their foreman,
and having got their works erected and generally got everything ready, then
they began to take the raw materials and to turn out their product.

I am bound to say that I think the case is extremely clear, and the
Commissioners have taken the view that they had not commenced business till
then, and I do not see the slightest sign of any error in law in the
Commissioners having taken that view.

25 Counsel for the appellant was somewhat equivocal with regard to this case.
On the one hand, he claimed to have found support from this case for his
contention that the appellant commenced its business when it acquired the
Housing and Development Board site for development. On the other hand, in
criticising the Board’s reliance on the case, he sought to distinguish it on
the ground that the case did not deal with deductions but was a decision
involving excess duty profits under wartime legislation. Although this
observation was not incorrect, the case is, in my view, clearly relevant; the
English court had to deal with the question as to when the business of the
taxpayer company commenced in order to determine whether certain items of
expenditure laid out by the company were deductible as being for the purposes
of such business. The appeal before the Board involved a similar question.

26 The _Birmingham & District Cattle By-Products_ case ([24] _supra_) was
cited with approval in two New Zealand cases. In the first of them, _Calkin v
Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ (1984) 7 TRNZ 100, the issue was whether
certain losses in respect of money advanced to an agent for investment, which
was subsequently misappropriated by the agent, were of a capital nature or
were incurred in the carrying on of the business. Richardson J in the New
Zealand Court of Appeal held (at 106) as follows:

There is too a distinction between transactions which are preparatory to the
commencement of business and those which occur once the business has begun
which is well recognised in the authorities, if sometimes difficult of
application in particular cases. Thus in the leading case, _Birmingham and
District Cattle By-Products Co Ltd v CIR_ (1919) 12 TC 92, Rowlatt J held that
a company had not commenced business during the period in which the works were
erected, plant assembled and agreements entered into for the purchase of
materials preparatory to commencing manufacturing (and see generally _New
Zealand Income Tax Law and Practice_ para 1-851). Clearly it is not sufficient
that the taxpayer has made a commitment to engage in business: he must first
establish a profit making structure and begin ordinary current business
operations.

27 A similar stand was taken in _Stevens and Stevens v Commissioner of Inland
Revenue_ (1989) 11 NZTC 6001 but I do not think it is necessary to go into
that case.

28 Another authority relied upon by the Board of Review is Income Tax Case No
1322 (1980) 42 SATC 272. In that case, the Zimbabwe Special Court had to
decide whether the taxpayer’s business had commenced in February 1978. The
taxpayer had built a furnace in the backyard of his residence and, with money
obtained by mortgaging his house, he acquired during December 1977 some
necessary initial equipment with which he conducted successful experiments. In
February of 1978 he gave up his insurance work to devote himself fully to the
foundry venture. He spent his time thereafter in making, obtaining or
assembling the various instruments and equipment necessary to successfully
manufacture the castings. Nevertheless, the court disallowed the taxpayer’s
claim for deductions in respect of expenditure incurred by him in his venture
into the foundry business on the basis that such expenditure had been incurred
prior to commencement of his business.

29 In arriving at its decision, the court recognised the “clear distinction in
tax law between expenditure before a business is begun, and expenditure after
its commencement”. After referring to the _Birmingham & District Cattle By-
Products_ case ([24] _supra_) and a South African case authority, the
President of the Court, Squires J, arrived at a principle which he stated as
follows (at 276):

[W]here money and effort are expended in acquiring an asset or setting up an
enterprise which will be run as a business, the business does not commence
until the preparations are sufficiently completed for the purpose of the
business to be carried on. Where the object of the business is to earn an
income, then this stage is not reached until it is in a position to start
earning such income.

30 Before me, counsel for the appellant sought to distinguish the many cases
relied upon by the Board as being peculiar to individual taxpayers. I think he
was thereby suggesting that those cases would not have been decided the same
way had the taxpayers been corporate entities. I find that difficult to
accept. The contention seems to me to be a repeat, differently couched, of his
assertion that if a company commenced to do what its objects clause stated it
had been formed to do, it commenced to carry on a business.

31 To treat companies differently from individual taxpayers in the manner
which I believe counsel for the appellant to be suggesting would mean that
there would be little room (other than in obvious cases) for applying the well
known distinction between pre-commencement expenditure and expenses incurred
thereafter. That cannot be right.

32 Counsel for the appellant also criticised the Board for having relied on
cases from various jurisdictions with no attempt to examine their respective
legislation or facts. So far as the facts are concerned, I note that the Board
did at least summarise them in brief. As for the legislation, in the cases
relied upon it was unnecessary to look at them. The determination as to when a
business commenced did not depend on similarity of legislation; neither were
there any peculiarities in the legislation relevant to those cases which might
have affected the determination. As we shall see, where it did matter, the
Board did bring out peculiarities of foreign law which rendered reliance on
the cases from that jurisdiction problematic.

33 Counsel for the appellant cited a few Indian and Australian cases in
support of his submission that the appellant’s business commenced with the
acquisition of the land parcel. The first of the Indian cases was
_Commissioner of Income-Tax, Gujarat I v Saurashtra Cement and Chemical
Industries Ltd_ [1973] 91 ITR 170 (“ _Saurashtra_ ”). The taxpayer in that
case was a limited company incorporated on 11 June 1956 for the manufacture
and sale of cement. It took over the benefit of a mining lease and a cement
manufacturing licence from its promoter. On 12 December 1956, the company
placed an order for plant and machinery and on 9 January 1957 the Registrar of
Companies granted to the company a certificate to commence business. The
company purchased machinery of considerable value for the purpose of quarrying
operations and started extracting limestone from the leased area from April
1958. The plant and machinery which had been ordered by the company arrived in
the meantime and the company completed installation of the plant and machinery
in June 1960. Manufacture of the cement started in October 1960.

34 The company had incurred expenditure in the form of salary, travelling
expenses, brokerage, electricity charges, _etc_ , in connection with the
installation of the plant and machinery and also for carrying on operations
for quarrying limestone. It claimed a deduction in respect of this
expenditure. The company also claimed to be entitled to an allowance in
respect of depreciation and development rebate on the machinery employed in
the extraction of limestone. It was agreed between the parties that the
expenditure in so far as it related to the extraction of limestone was
allowable as a revenue expenditure. The Revenue took the view, however that
the expenditure incurred in connection with the installation of the plant and
machinery was capital in nature and could not be deducted in computing the
trading profits of the company.

35 So far as the claim of the company for depreciation and development rebate
on the machinery used in the extraction of limestone was concerned, the
Revenue allowed the claim on the implicit basis that extraction of limestone
was part of the business of the taxpayer and the machinery being thus used for
the purpose of the business, depreciation and development rebate on it were
properly chargeable against the trading results of the company. The Indian
Court concluded that the business commenced when the company started to quarry
limestone, not at the later time when it commenced the manufacture of cement.

36 Because of the appellant’s heavy reliance on this case, it is fair to set
out at length the key passage in the judgment of Bhagwati CJ in _Saurashtra_
([33] _supra_) in 175 and 176 as follows:

It is necessary in order to determine this question to consider what
constituted the business of the assessee. Loosely, it may be said that the
business of the assessee was manufacture and sale of cement. But in
determining questions arising under fiscal legislation, loose use of
expression often tends to confound the real issue. To determine what was the
business of the assessee, we must consider what are the activities which
constituted such business without being misguided by loose expressions of
vague and indefinite import. The activities which constituted the business of
the assessee were divisible into three categories: the first category
consisted of the activity of extraction of limestone by quarrying leased area
of land. This activity was necessary for the purpose of acquiring raw material
to be utilised in manufacture of cement. The second category comprised the
activity of manufacture of cement by user of the plant and machinery set up
for the purpose; and the third category consisted of the activity of selling
manufactured cement. These three activities combined together constituted the
business of the assessee. Each one of these activities was as much essential
for the purpose of carrying on the business of the assessee as the others. If
the assessee ceased to carry on any one of these activities, the business
would come to an end. Each one of these activities constituted an integral
part of the business of the assessee. Why then can it not be said that the
assessee commenced its business when it started the first of these activities?
The activity of quarrying the leased area of land and extracting limestone
from it was as much an activity in the course of carrying on the business as
the other two activities of manufacture of cement and sale of manufactured
cement. The business could not in fact be carried on without this activity.
This activity came first in point of time and laid the foundation for the
second activity and the second activity, when completed, laid the foundation
for the third activity. The business consisted of a _continuous_ process of
these three activities and when the first activity was started with a view to
embarking upon the second and the third activities, it clearly amounted to
commencement of the business. It may be that the whole business was not set up
when the activity of quarrying the leased area of land and extracting
limestone was started. That would be set up only when the plant and machinery
was installed, the manufacture of cement started and an organisation for sale
of manufactured cement was established. But, as pointed out above, business is
nothing more than a _continuous_ course of activities and all the activities
which go to make up the business need not be started simultaneously in order
that the business may commence. The business would commence when the activity
which is first in point of time and which must necessarily precede the other
activities is started. Take, for example, a case where an assessee engages in
the business of a trader which consists of purchasing and selling goods. The
assessee must necessarily purchase goods in order to be able to sell them and
purchase of goods must, therefore, necessarily precede their sale. Can it be
said in such a case that when the assessee purchases goods for the purpose of
sale, he does not commence his business? Is it necessary that he must start
the activity of selling goods before he can be said to have commenced his
business? We have to consider the question as to when an assessee can be said
to have commenced business from a commonsense point of view. We have to ask
ourselves the question as to when a businessman would regard a business as
being commenced? Would he not consider a business as having commenced when an
essential activity of that business is started? The argument of the revenue
seeks to confound the commencement of a business with the establishment of the
business as a whole and carrying on of all the activities of the business.
This confusion is the result of a loose description of the business of the
assessee as a business of manufacture and sale of cement. The revenue says
that when the business is of manufacture and sale of cement, how can the
assessee be said to have commenced the business when manufacture has not
started? This argument suffers from the fault of over simplification and
ignores the true nature of the activities which constitute the business of the
assessee. We are of the view that as soon as an activity which is an essential
activity in the course of carrying on the business, or which, in order words,
is a business activity is started, the assessee must be held to have commenced
the business. To take any other view would not only be illogical but also
irrational. The conclusion reached by the Tribunal cannot, therefore, be said
to be unreasonable or perverse or based on no evidence at all. [emphasis
added]

The Board took the view that the _Saurashtra_ case ([33] _supra_) was decided
on its own unique facts. Firstly, the parties had agreed that the extraction
of limestone did not constitute a distinct and independent business of the
taxpayer. In this regard, it may be further noted that the Revenue had
implicitly accepted that the extraction of limestone was part of the business
of the taxpayer when it allowed the depreciation and development rebate on the
machinery used in the extraction of limestone. The Indian court held that the
mining activity was “an integral part” of the business of the company as it
was essential to acquire raw material for use in the manufacture of the
cement.

37 Ultimately, the outcome of each case depends on its own facts and, in
particular, on the degree of connection between the activity which the
taxpayer claims to be the commencement of the business and the core business
of the taxpayer. In the example used by the court of a trader carrying on the
business of buying and selling goods, it is obvious that the purchasing of
goods is integral to the business; _ex hypothesi_ his business must include
the purchase of goods.

38 In the _Saurashtra_ case, the connection between the quarrying of the
limestone and the manufacture of the cement was probably as strong as that
between purchase and sale in the case of a trader. Note that the court
referred to the quarrying of limestone as part of the “continuous process” of
all three activities. Little wonder then that the court characterised the
quarrying activity as integral to the business.

39 In the present case, the degree of connection between the development of
the property and the letting thereof is weaker. Certainly it cannot be said
that the development of the property was “essential” to the letting. In
theory, at least, a completed property could be bought or leased for the
purpose of the letting. Besides, whereas the quarrying of limestone would be
an ongoing activity throughout the life of the cement manufacturer’s business,
the property development in this case is a one-off affair.

40 In addition to the _Saurashtra_ case, the appellant also cited the Indian
cases of _Commissioner of Income-Tax v Western India Seafood (P) Ltd_ (1993)
199 ITR 777, _Hotel Alankar v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Gujarat_ (1982) 133
ITR 866 (“ _Hotel Alankar_ ”), and _Sarabhai Management Corporation Ltd v
Commissioner of Income-Tax, Gujarat_ (1976) 102 ITR 25 (Guj) (“ _Sarabhai_ ”)
which were decided avowedly on similar reasoning to that in the _Saurashtra_
case. Admittedly, in _Sarabhai_ and in the _Hotel Alankar_ case, both of which
were decided in favour of the taxpayer, the connection between the taxpayer’s
core business and the activities which the taxpayer claimed to be the
commencement of their respective businesses was not as strong as in the
_Saurashtra_ case. All I will say is that the taxpayers would be fortunate,
were the cases to be decided according to Singapore law, to obtain a similar
outcome.

41 Another reason for not following the Indian cases was provided by the Board
in para 40 of its Grounds of Decision. The Board quoted extensively from
_Hotel Alankar_ to show that the Indian cases cited by the appellant’s counsel
had to be read in the context that in India there is a distinction between
“setting up” of a business and “commencement of business”. I shall do the
same. In _Hotel Alankar_ , the High Court of Gujarat said (at 870–871):

Since the Tribunal had not got the benefit of this decision in _Sarabhai
Management’s_ case [1976] 102 ITR 25 (Guj), we are of the opinion that the
Tribunal has not appreciated and applied the principles correctly for the
following reasons:

The decision of the Bombay High Court in _Western India Vegetable Products
Ltd.’s_ case [1954] 26 ITR 151, should be referred to in order to point out as
to how the Tribunal erred in appreciating the decision in the proper
perspective and reaching a wrong conclusion as a result thereof. It should be
recalled that in _Western India Vegetable Products Ltd_ [1954] 26 ITR 151
(Bom), the assessee was claiming that his business commenced from 20th April,
1946, being the date of certificate of commencement of business.

…

In the context, the Division Bench of the Bombay High Court, speaking through
Chagla C.J., referred to the decision of Mr Justice Rowlatt in _Birmingham &
District Cattle By-Products Co. Ltd. v. IRC_ [1919] 12 TC 92 (KB).

…

Chagla C.J., after quoting this finding of Justice Rowlatt, observed that if
that decision were to be applied to the case of the assessee before the
Division Bench of the Bombay High Court, the conclusion would be that the
Tribunal has taken a view of the case very favourable to the assessee. _Chagla
C.J. thereafter pointed out the distinction between “setting up of business”
and “commencing of the business” and in pointing out that distinction observed
that when a business is established and is ready to commence business then it
could be said of that business that it is set up_. Now, this distinction has
been approved and adopted by the Supreme Court in _Ramaraju Surgical Cotton
Mills’_ case [1967] 63 ITR 478, though, of course, in the context of the W.T.
Act.

…

_This distinction has been throughout recognized in the earlier decision of
this court,_ viz., _CIT v. Sarabhai Sons Pvt. Ltd_ [1973] 90 ITR 318,
_Saurashira Cement and Chemical Industries’ case_ [1973] 91 ITR (Guj),
_Sarabhai Management Corporation’s case_ [1976] 102 ITR 25 (Guj) _and in the
decision of this very Division Bench_ in Income-Tax Reference 205 of 1974,
decided on October 19, 1978 (_CIT v. Speciality Paper Ltd._) at p. 879 infra).
The Tribunal has relied on this distinction made by Chagla C.J. in _Western
India Vegetable Products’_ case [1954] 26 ITR 151 (Bom) and examined and
analysed the facts of the present case. In our opinion, however, the Tribunal
has overlooked what has been stated by Chagla C.J. in _Western India Vegetable
Products’_ case [1954] 26 ITR 151, after pointing out the distinction between
“setting up of business” and “commencing of business”. We can do no better
than quote that very paragraph which will point out significantly as to how
the Tribunal has failed to appreciate this distinction in the proper
perspective. Chagla C.J. after setting out the passage from Justice Rowlatt’s
judgment, held as under (p.158):

That is why it is important to consider whether the expression used in the
Indian statute for setting up a business is different from the expression Mr.
Justice Rowlatt was considering, viz., ‘commencing of the business’. It seems
to us, that the expression, ‘setting up’ means, as is defined in the Oxford
English Dictionary, ‘to place on foot’ or ‘to establish’, and in
contradistinction to ‘commence’. The distinction is this that when a business
is established and is ready to commence business then it can be said of that
business that it is set up. But before it is ready to commence business it is
not set up. _But there may be an interregnum, there may be an interval between
a business which is set up and a business which is commenced and all expenses
incurred after the setting up of the business and before the commencement of
the business, all expenses during the interregnum, would be permissible
deductions under section 10(2)_.

…

We do not think that the distinction which has been made by Chagla C.J.
_Western India Vegetable Products’_ case [1954] 26 ITR 151 (Bom) could have
been interpreted in the manner in which the Tribunal has done in the present
case before us. This has been clearly brought out by the Division Bench
consisting of Bhagwati C.J. and P.D. Desai J. in _Saurashira Cement’s_ case
[1973] 91 ITR 170 (Guj). The Division Bench in _Saurashtra Cement’s_ case
[1973] 91 ITR 170 (Guj) was concerned with the question as to when the
business of Saurashtra cement and Chemical Industries Ltd, could be said to
have been set up.

[emphasis added]

The Indian cases therefore have to be read bearing in mind the peculiarities
of Indian tax law.

42 Counsel for the appellant next referred to a passage from the judgment of
Lord Johnston in _Vallambrosa_ ([17] _supra_) at 536–537 for the proposition
that “once the cultivation began with the planting, expenditure on
cultivation, production, and marketing was … revenue expenditure for the
purposes of the trade, [_etc_]”. It is important to view this case in the
context of its particular facts. In _Vallambrosa_ , the company owned an
estate and it was in the business of cultivation and production of rubber for
sale. During the relevant years of assessment, one-seventh of the rubber
estate produced the rubber while the other six-sevenths were in the process of
cultivation for the production of rubber.

43 The company claimed deductions in respect of expenditure for
superintendence and weeding for the whole estate. The commissioners disallowed
six-sevenths of the expenses but allowed the one-seventh. The Scottish Court
allowed the appeal and ruled that the full expenses were deductible. It is
pertinent to note, firstly, that a portion of the rubber trees on the same
estate had reached its income producing stage. Secondly, the activities during
the cultivation were essentially part and parcel of the production of the
rubber on one estate, which meant that its business had already commenced.
Thus, the proposition in the case ought to be read in the context of a
taxpayer whose core business activities had commenced. In any event, as noted
by the Board, the wider proposition suggested by the appellant (to include
expenses incurred prior to commencement of business) has not gained universal
acceptance. In _Income Tax Case No 130_ , (1928) 4 SATC 130, also an
agricultural production case, the South African court ruled that until the
plantation reached an “income-producing stage”, all expenses that were
incurred were in the creation of an income-producing asset and not in the
production of income and so were of a capital nature.

44 A case more to the point is our High Court decision in _Mitsui-Soko
International_ ([17] _supra_). The taxpayer was a Singapore subsidiary of a
Japanese corporation. It had been set up on 11 February 1988 as a corporate
vehicle to construct and lease out a warehouse to a company in the Sony Group
which had signed a contract with the taxpayer’s parent. It obtained a lease of
land from the Jurong Town Corporation and proceeded actively to construct the
warehouse. By December 1988, the taxpayer had incurred more than $8.5m in the
construction of the warehouse. It was completed in February 1989. A temporary
occupation licence having been obtained, it was leased to the taxpayer’s
subsidiary, MSS, on 1 March 1989. Concurrently, MSS entered into a storage
service agreement with a Singapore subsidiary of the Sony Group which was to
use it as a distribution centre for Sony products.

45 The issue before the Board and, later, before the High Court, was whether
the taxpayer had been carrying on business in the year 1988 so as to be
entitled to deduct business losses under s 37 of the Act and to carry forward
any unabsorbed losses to subsequent years of assessment. The Comptroller
disallowed the taxpayer’s claims on the ground that the taxpayer was not
carrying on business in the year 1988. The taxpayer’s appeal was dismissed by
the Board of Review which found that the taxpayer was no more than a mere
landlord and that it was neither in the business of property investment nor
that of letting at the material time. This finding was upheld by the High
Court.

46 Counsel for the taxpayer had argued that the taxpayer carried out a number
of activities and that business commenced as soon as the taxpayer embarked on
the first transaction of a business nature. The High Court disagreed. Warren L
H Khoo J stated:

14 … The question whether a company is carrying on business is essentially one
of fact. Needless to say, it is necessary to consider all the facts and
circumstances of the case, rather than applying formulae and a _priori_
assumptions.

…

18 I would suggest that such questions should be approached in a common-
sensical and pragmatic manner. After all, as appellant counsel agrees, the
word “business” should be given its ordinary meaning. Instead of applying
generalisations and abstractions, I think it would be _more appropriate to
look at the company’s activities themselves, and, in the light of the facts
and circumstances of the case as a whole, to consider whether those activities
can reasonably and fairly_ be said to constitute carrying on business
according to what the ordinary man (or ordinary businessman if you like)
understands by that term. In _Calkin v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ (1984)
7 T.R.N.Z. 100 at 106, Richardson J in the New Zealand Court of Appeal said:

“The decision whether or not a taxpayer is in business involves a two-fold
inquiry: as to the nature of the business carried on – including the period
over which they are engaged in, the scale of operations and the volume of
transactions, the commitment of time and effort, the pattern of activity and
the financial results – and as to the intention of the taxpayer in engaging in
those activities.”

I think this is as useful a guide as to what to look for as any that one could
find in the authorities. From what I have said above, I would only add that
one should refrain from reducing the statement (particularly the words in
parenthesis) to a formula or a rule.

…

19 … In the period in question (from February to December 1988), the
activities of the appellant were primarily directed to the acquisition of land
and the construction of the warehouse. These activities were without doubt
pursued with vigour. _But they were no more than activities preparatory to
realising the object for which the appellant was set up, i.e. to own and
provide a warehouse to the Sony Group in accordance with the arrangement made
between the respective parent companies. It seems quite clear that, in the
circumstances, no business in any real sense as contemplated could have
started until the warehouse was in place_.

[emphasis added]

47 Finally, counsel for the appellant cited the case of _Goodman Fielder
Wattie Ltd v FC of T_ 91 ATC 4438 (“ _Goodman Fielder_ ”), for the proposition
that in determining whether or not a business has commenced, the crux of the
test to be applied is the element of commitment. The case has been
conveniently summed up in the Appellant’s Case by counsel for the appellant as
follows:

82\. The case concerned the deductibility of payments made by a taxpayer
company to fund research carried on by the Queensland Institute of Technology
(“QIT”) and expenditure incurred on related manufacturing, administration and
research and development.

83\. The taxpayer entered into an agreement with QIT to establish a research
development centre for the production of a type of antibody and related
products suitable for commercial development. In return for funding the
centre, QIT undertook to produce a range of antibodies for commercial
exploitation by the taxpayer.

84\. The centre was accordingly set up and research on a full-time basis
commenced in early 1982. In November 1982 a business division of the taxpayer
company (Mabco Division) leased separate premises to set up commercial
development and production facilities. Real operations began there in January
1983. Some products were developed and sold. However, when it became apparent
that the Mabco Division required a further injection of funds to become
profitable, the taxpayer sold the Mabco Division in June 1985.

85\. The taxpayer claimed deductions for its expenditure on the research
centre and expenditure incurred by the Mabco Division under section 51(1) of
the Australian Income Tax and Assessment Act (“ITAA”), equivalent to our
section 14(1).

86\. Section 51(1) of the ITAA provides relevantly as follows:

“All losses and outgoings to the extent to which they are _incurred in_
gaining or _producing_ the assessable _income_ , or are necessarily incurred
in carrying on a business for the purpose of gaining or producing such income,
shall be allowable deductions except to the extent to which they are losses or
outgoings of capital, or of a capital … nature” [emphasis added to show the
similarity to our deduction provision].

87\. The Commissioner submitted that the contributions made to the centre by
the taxpayer until November 1982 (when the premises were leased by Mabco
Division) were not allowable deductions under section 51(1), both because the
amounts in question did not fall within the positive limbs of that sub-
section, and because the payments in question were outgoings of capital or of
a capital nature. It was submitted that the taxpayer had not commenced
business or its income-producing activity until the premises were set up, so
that its pre-business expenditure was not deductible.

88\. The judge therefore had to decide when the business had commenced, a
question he said which was “one of difficulty, turning as it does on the facts
of the particular case” (at p 4438).

89\. He started by remarking that it was “critical” to the resolution of the
question to characterise the business activity itself which was said to have
commenced. It was conceded by the taxpayer that if the business claimed to be
carried on by it was to be characterised as one of manufacturing and selling
antibody products, then that business did not commence until November 1982
when the move to the newly-leased premises took place. However the taxpayer
submitted that its income-producing activity or business activity should be
characterised as researching and developing antibody products for manufacture
and sale.

48 The court held that, on the facts of the case before it, the taxpayer had
not yet committed itself to the project and that it was engaging in activities
of a provisional kind only. During the relevant period, the element of
commitment was absent.

49 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the crux of the text being the
element of commitment, the appellant should be allowed the deductions claimed
for the reason that its commitment to the project was manifested very early.
It appears to me that the reasoning of counsel is somewhat syllogistic. I
agree with the Board that the element of commitment cannot be the sole
determinant of deductibility. In _Goodman Fielder_ ([47] _supra_), it was
given as a reason for the disallowance. It should not be elevated to a lode-
star.

50 In conclusion, I am of the view that the Board was entitled to find, as it
did, that the business of the appellant was that of letting of the property.
Further, I hold that, in arriving at its decision that the business of the
appellant did not commence until the TOP for the property was issued, the
Board made no error in the application of principle.

**_Capital expenditure issue_**

51 Section 14(1)(a) provides:

14.—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this
Part as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production
of the income, including –

(_a_) except as provided in this section, any sum payable by way of interest
upon any money borrowed by that person where the Comptroller is satisfied that
the interest was payable on capital employed in acquiring the income…

Section 15(1)©, however, prescribes:

15.—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of –

…

(c) any capital withdrawn or any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital …;

As earlier stated, Revenue’s stand is that interest is not deductible under s
14(1)(a) if it is of a capital nature or if it is “in respect of any sum
employed as capital” within s 15(1)(c).

52 Although Revenue’s stand is framed in the alternative, its submissions
appear to have merged the two. Thus, for example, in para 133 of the
Respondent’s Case, it is stated:

Sections 14(1)(a) and 15(1)(c) can easily be applied to the situation of a
borrower of moneys. It is a fundamental principle of law that where a company,
a borrower, takes out a loan for its business, the loan is ordinarily an
addition to the company’s capital …. The loan itself is not an expenditure of
the borrower so it cannot be subject to sections 14(1)(a) and 15(1)(c).
However, interest in the loan would be subject to these provisions. _If that
interest is capital expenditure, then pursuant to Section 15(1)(c), it would
not be deductible_ …” [emphasis added]

Applying the statutory provisions to the facts of the case, Revenue argues
that interest on the loan prior to the TOP was of a capital nature and
therefore was disallowed by s 15(1)©.

53 At the outset, I should say that the language in s 15(1)© does not lend
itself easily to Revenue’s construction and that I prefer the appellant’s
interpretation. As the parties have dwelt at length on this issue, I should
consider it in some detail.

54 In the UK, the provision corresponding to our s 15(1)© prescribes that:

[N]o sum shall be deducted in respect of … any sum employed or intended to be
employed as capital …

In _The European Investment Trust Co Ltd v Jackson (Inspector of Taxes)_
(1932) 18 TC 1 (“ _European Investment Trust_ ”), the Court of Appeal in
England apparently decided that whether or not interest was of a revenue or
capital nature depended on whether the loan itself (which gave rise to the
interest) was employed as capital in the business. This view was widely
criticised and subsequently abrogated by legislation. In _Beauchamp (Inspector
of Taxes) v F W Woolworth plc_ [1988] STC 714 (“ _Woolworth_ ”), the English
Court of Appeal had occasion to consider its earlier decision in the _European
Investment Trust_ case. Nourse LJ who delivered the judgment of the court
described it as “a very curious case”. He then went on to say (at 717–718):

Having read and re-read the report of _The European Investment Trust Co Ltd v_
_Jackson_ several times, I have come to a clear conclusion that it can only be
explained on the footing that it was conceded throughout that the status of
the interest as a deductible item was governed by the status of the advances,
and that that concession was made because it was assumed that the words ‘in
respect of’ were the equivalent of ‘in connection with’ or the like. Perhaps
the words of the 1842 Act had been forgotten. If that assumption is made, I
can well see that it can be said that the interest on the advances would be
sums in respect of the advances and thus no more deductible than the advances
themselves. However, a concession on that point is not the equivalent of a
binding decision. Indeed, it is no decision at all. So I think that we are
free to disregard that case so far as it related to interest, although its
authority would no doubt be unimpeachable in regard to the advances
themselves.

Although the decision of the Court of Appeal in the _Woolworth_ case was
reversed by the House of Lords, there is nothing in the House of Lords’
judgment delivered by Lord Templeman which detracts from the Court of Appeal’s
criticism of this aspect of the _European Investment Trust_ case ([54]
_supra_).

55 So much then as to how the UK provision was construed in the _European
Investment Trust_ case. Should the Singapore provision be interpreted
likewise? Although counsel for the appellant argued cogently why it ought not
be likewise construed, he may have been a little generous in conceding that
the language of the Singapore provision is close to its UK counterpart. As
noted, the UK provision prescribes that:

[N]o sum shall be deducted in respect of … any sum employed or intended to be
employed as capital …

In other words, “no sum … in respect of any sum employed as capital …” is to
be deducted.

56 As framed, it is possible to construe the “sum” first referred to as
separate and distinct from the second. On this basis, it did no violence to
the language of the UK provision for the _European Investment Trust_ case
([54] _supra_) to construe the first sum as being referable to interest while
the second referred to the principal amount on which the interest accrued.

57 The Singapore provision is differently worded. It states:

[N]o deduction shall be allowed in respect of … any sum employed or intended
to be employed as capital.

The provision makes no mention of any sum other than the sum employed or
intended to be employed as capital. Whereas the words “in respect of” in the
UK provision could be read to mean “in connection with” without doing violence
to the statutory provision, the same words “in connection with” could not, in
my view, comfortably substitute for “in respect of” in the Singapore
provision. It would immediately invite the question “Deduction of what?” To my
mind, the words “in respect of” in the Singapore provision is the equivalent
of “for” or “on account of”. Thus, what is prohibited is the deduction of the
sum employed or intended to be employed as capital.

58 It is inconceivable that the legislature would provide in unambiguous terms
in s 14(1)(a) for the deduction of “interest upon any money borrowed … where …
the interest was payable on capital employed in acquiring the income” and then
in the very next section prescribe in s 15(1)(c) that interest on any sum
employed as capital is not deductible. Neither was this the position taken by
Revenue before the decision in _Wharf Properties Ltd v Commissioner of Inland
Revenue (Hong Kong)_ [1977] STC 351 (“ _Wharf_ ”). In that case, a company
bought a train depot, financing the purchase by means of short term loans for
the purpose of redeveloping the land for rental income as a commercial
complex. During its ownership of the site, the company derived small amounts
of income by way of licence fees. The issue before the Privy Council was
whether the interest on the loans was deductible for tax purposes. The
relevant provisions of the Inland Revenue Ordinance (Cap 112) (Hong Kong) are
as follows:

(a) Section 16(1)(a) provides that:

… there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses to the extent to which
they are incurred during the basis period for that year of assessment by such
person in the production of profits … including –

(a) … sums payable … by way of interest upon any money borrowed by him for the
purpose of producing such profits …

(b) Section 17 then contains a list of expenditures for which no deduction is
allowed. It includes:

(c) … any expenditure of a capital nature.

The Privy Council held that the interest was of a capital nature and,
therefore, not an allowable deduction to the taxpayer. Apparently, as a result
of this decision, the Revenue in Singapore changed their interpretation of s
15(1)© despite the fact that s 17© of the Hong Kong legislation is in terms
much wider than s 15(1)©, disallowing, as it does, deduction for “any
expenditure of a capital nature”.

59 Further support for the appellant’s construction of s 15(1)© may be found
in the history of the Singapore legislation. The Singapore Income Tax
Ordinance was introduced in 1948, some 16 years after the _European Investment
Trust_ case ([54] _supra_). In his report to the Governors of the Malayan
Union and Singapore in 1947, the draftsman, R B Heasman, a tax expert from the
UK, had this to say about the draft legislation (in which our present s 14 was
cl 11):

42\. **Part IV – Ascertainment of Income** – Clause 11 gives authority in
general terms for the deduction of all outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred in earning the income. Certain deductions are mentioned
specifically, e.g _.,_ interest on borrowed money used in the business; rent
payable by a trader in respect of land and buildings occupied by him for
business purposes; bad and doubtful debts; contributions under the Widows &
Orphans’ Funds; and contributions to pension, provident or similar funds
approved by the Commissioner.

Note the simple formulation to describe the coverage of s 14(1)(a): “interest
on borrowed money used in the business”. Counsel for the appellant submitted
that that is what s 14(1)(a) was intended to cover and how it should be read.
If so, then specific provision was already made in the Singapore Income Tax
Ordinance from its inception to overcome the effect of the decision in the
_European Investment Trust_. That this was the intention is reinforced when it
is remembered that at that time s 15 was subject to the express provisions of
s 14. Thus an item of interest expense qualifying for deduction under s 14
could not be disallowed by the general provisions of s 15(1)(c) (“… any sum
employed or intended to be employed as capital”). The _European Investment
Trust_ case, therefore, was inapplicable to Singapore as long ago as 1948.

60 Prior to 1979, s 15(1) commenced with the words “subject to the provisions
of this Act”. However, the relationship between the two sections was regarded
as one where the specific disallowances in s 15(1) would override the general
deduction provision of s 14(1), but that if an item of expenditure passed the
general positive test in s 14(1), it would not be disqualified under a general
disallowance under s 15(1), especially s 15(1)(b). As counsel for the
appellant pointed out, this made sense as the legislature could not have
intended that an item of expenditure which qualified under the general test in
s 14(1) should be disqualified under what was the reverse of the same test in
s 15(1)(b).

61 The Malaysian Federal Court in _Director-General of Inland Revenue v Rakyat
Berjaya Sdn Bhd_ [1984] 1 MLJ 248 endorsed this view of the relationship
between the equivalent Malaysian sections (the Malaysian and Singapore income
tax legislation both originating from the same colonial model):

Section 39(1)(b) disallows “any disbursements or expenses not being money
wholly and exclusively laid out or expended for the purpose of producing the
gross income.” If we substitute the words “for the purpose of” for the word
“in” the wording would then be the same as that of “the wholly and
exclusively” test in section 33(1). On the basis that the Taxpayer’s interest
payments pass that test and are deductible under section 33(1), they will not
be disallowed under section 39(1)(b).

[_per_ Lee Hun Hoe CJ (Borneo) at 254]

62 As matters stood before 1979, if the general allowance provision in s 14(1)
was not overridden or qualified by the general disallowance provision in s
15(1)(b), even less would a specific allowance provision such as s 14(1)(a).

63 Counsel for the appellant correctly pointed out that this was but an
application of the maxim of statutory construction _generalia specialibus non
derogant_ , _ie_ , general provisions will not abrogate special provisions. As
was stated in _Craies on Statute Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 1971) at p.
378, quoting the Privy Council in the case of _Barker v Edger_ [1898] AC 748
at 754:

When the legislature has given its attention to a separate subject, and made
provision for it, the presumption is that a subsequent general enactment is
not intended to interfere with the special provision _unless it manifests that
intention very clearly_. [emphasis added]

64 In 1979, the Act was amended by the Income Tax (Amendment) Act (No 7 of
1979). A new paragraph was added to s 15(1) to disallow expenses in respect of
a motor car which was not a business service passenger vehicle (or “Q-plate”
car). The words “Subject to” in s 15(1) were replaced by “Notwithstanding”. In
order to preserve the deductibility of some of the specific items under s
14(1) which would otherwise obviously run foul of the general disallowances in
s 15(1), exceptions were carved out of some of the paragraphs in s 15(1).

65 Counsel for the appellant submitted that it was never envisaged that a
specific deduction for interest on borrowed capital (provided for in s
14(1)(a)) was required to be saved from the general words of s 15(1)(b) or (c)
because the accepted view was that the interest mentioned in s 14(1)(a) was of
a revenue and not capital nature. I would go further to say that on the
construction which I have placed on the words in s 15(1)(c), what is
disallowed is a deduction in respect of the loan or advance and not the
interest thereon. Accordingly, no saving words were required to be carved out
of s 15(1)(c).

66 Counsel for the appellant’s contention that the opening words “Subject to”
were replaced by “Notwithstanding” to confer primacy on the disallowance for
non Q-plate cars appears to be borne out by the Explanatory Memorandum to the
Income Tax (Amendment) Bill (No 9 of 1979) and the Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Reports (30 March 1979) that sets out the speech of the
Minister for Finance at the Second Reading of the Bill.

67 The entire explanation in the Explanatory Memorandum on the clause amending
s 15(1) reads:

Clause 5 amends section 15 of the Act to disallow deduction of expenses
incurred in respect of a motor vehicle which is not registered as a business
service passenger vehicle.

68 The Minister’s speech is similarly confined to an exposition of the
“anomalous situation” being targeted:

A sole proprietor or a partner of a professional firm can register his car as
a private vehicle, use it in connection with his business, and claim tax
deduction for expenses under section 14 of the Income tax Act without having
to pay the double road tax and Area Licence Fees applicable to business
vehicles. To rectify this anomaly, clause 5 of the Bill seeks to amend section
15 of the Act to restrict the deduction for expenses only to motor cars which
are registered as business service passenger vehicles.

69 Counsel for the appellant therefore submits that the legislature did not
intend that the general disallowance provisions of s 15(1)© were a limit or
interference with the specific allowance under s 14(1)(a). I accept that but
more because, in my view, s 15(1)(c) was never intended to apply to interest.

70 On the basis of this construction of s 15(1)©, the _Wharf_ case would have
no application in Singapore. However, in view of Revenue’s stand having been
framed in the alternative (see [52] _supra_) I should perhaps add some further
observations.

71 The _Wharf_ case was not followed by the High Court of Australia in the
case of _Steele v DFC of T,_ 99 ATC 4242 (“ _Steele_ ”). In that case, the
taxpayer incurred interest and other holding costs on a site for a proposed
motel development which, for a number of reasons, was not proceeded with.
After some seven and a half years she disposed of the site at a profit.
Meanwhile, relatively insignificant income from the agistment of horses was
earned. The taxpayer sought deductions totalling more than $900,000 which
consisted mainly of interest. These had been incurred over seven years and
were sought to be deducted as losses carried forward. Although the taxpayer
had bought the property with the intention of developing an income-producing
motel, nothing was ever built on the land despite considerable efforts so to
do. The commissioner disallowed the deductions.

72 After several tiers of appeal, special leave to appeal to the High Court of
Australia was granted by the High Court on the sole question whether the
interest outgoings were of a capital nature, as decided by a majority of the
Full Federal Court which adopted the reasoning of the Privy Council in the
_Wharf_ case. By a 4:1 majority the Australian High Court held that the
interest outgoings were not of a capital nature. Gleeson CJ, Gaudron and
Gummow JJ expressed the following view at [29]:

As was explained in _Australia National Hotels v FC of T_ , interest is
ordinarily a recurrent or periodic payment which secures, not an enduring
advantage, but, rather, the use of the borrowed money during the term of the
loan. According to the criteria noted by Dixon J in _Sun Newspapers Ltd and
Associated Newspapers Ltd v FC of T_ it is therefore ordinarily a revenue
item. This is not to deny the possibility that there may be particular
circumstances where it is proper to regard the purpose of the interest
payments as something other than the raising or maintenance of the borrowing
and thus, potentially, of a capital nature. However, in the usual case, of
which the present is an example, where interest is a recurrent payment to
secure the use for a limited time of loan funds, then it is proper to regard
the interest as a revenue item, and its character is not altered by reason of
the fact that the borrowed funds are used to purchase a capital asset.

73 The decision of the High Court of Australia in the _Steele_ case accords
more with the conventional and well known distinction between revenue and
capital expenditure. In my view, it is to be preferred to the reasoning in the
_Wharf_ case. Accordingly, I hold that in the present case, the interest
incurred was of a revenue nature. Nevertheless, in the final result, as I have
upheld the decision of the Board of Review with regard to the pre-commencement
issue, the appeal must fail.

Appeal dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

