Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad  
[2005] SGHC 113

Case Number | : | Suit 32/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenny Chooi, David Kong and Kelvin Fong (Yeo-Leong and Peh LLC) for the plaintiff; George Pereira (Pereira and Tan) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  United Overseas Bank Ltd — Bebe bte Mohammad   
  
Credit and Security – Mortgage of real property – Creation – Mortgagee unaware
mortgagor of unsound mind at time of execution of mortgage – Whether mortgage
defeated by mortgagor's disability – Sections 46(1), 46(2)(d) Land Titles Act
(Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Credit and Security – Mortgage of real property – Registered mortgages –
Mortgage registered on basis of cancelled certificate of title – Whether
mortgagor having in personam remedy to set aside mortgage – Whether
mortgagee's title to property defeated by fraud – Sections 43(5), 46(2) Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Land – Registration of title – Effect of – Mortgage registered on basis of
cancelled certificate of title – Whether land-register should be rectified on
ground that registration resulting from mistake – Section 160(1)(b) Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

30 June 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Kew Chai J:

1 The plaintiff claims as mortgagee to enforce its rights under an instrument
of mortgage dated 3 November 2000 (“the Mortgage”) in respect of a bungalow
situated at 18 Orchid Drive, Singapore (“the property”), upon the default of
the defendant on the terms of the Mortgage.

2 The Mortgage, on the face of it, was security given by the defendant to the
plaintiff for the grant of banking facilities (“the facilities”) to Mr Junaidi
bin Johari (“Junaidi”) and Mdm Suzanah bte Hassan (“Suzanah”), who are
referred to as “the borrowers”. The borrowers traded under the style of JSN
Enterprises. Suzanah is the defendant’s adopted daughter. Junaidi is the
husband of Suzanah.

3 The full amount of the facilities was drawn down by the borrowers. As at 12
January 2004, there was owing the sum of $1,228,722.10 together with
continuing interest and costs on an indemnity basis. Despite demands from the
plaintiff, the defendant failed to pay the full sum outstanding and/or to
surrender vacant possession of the property to the plaintiff.

4 In this action, the plaintiff claims from the defendant the following
reliefs:

(a) delivery of vacant possession of the property to the plaintiff by the
defendant and all others in occupation;

(b) the sum of $1,228,722.10 due and payable as at 12 January 2004;

(c) contractual interest on the sums outstanding from 13 January 2004 until
the date of full payment; and

(d) costs on an indemnity basis.

5 The plaintiff first commenced action by way of Originating Summons No 539 of
2002 (“the OS proceedings”) to enforce the Mortgage. The defendant in this
action was the third defendant in the OS proceedings. The first and second
defendants in the OS proceedings were Suzanah and Junaidi. By a judgment dated
13 December 2002 made in the OS proceedings, the plaintiff was granted leave
to discontinue the OS proceedings against the defendant without prejudice to
the commencement of an action by writ against the defendant. The costs of the
OS proceedings against the defendant were fixed at $7,500.00 to be paid
depending on the outcome of the fresh action against the defendant. The
plaintiff applied for the said order because it did not wish to continue with
the OS proceedings against the defendant as if it was an action begun by writ.

6 The plaintiff did nothing at all to discontinue the OS proceedings or to
commence the fresh action by writ. The defendant then applied in the OS
proceedings and obtained an order dated 15 September 2003 ordering, _inter
alia_ , the plaintiff to file a notice of discontinuance by 12 January 2004
failing which the plaintiff was to pay the defendant the costs of $7,500.00.
It was then that the plaintiff commenced the proceedings in this suit on 12
January 2004.

7 In this action, it is alleged on behalf of the defendant that she was of
unsound mind and was incapable of managing her affairs when she executed the
Mortgage on 19 October 2000. It is further asserted on her behalf that the
solicitor of the plaintiff, in the course of handling the Mortgage as an agent
of the plaintiff, was guilty of such wilful blindness or voluntary ignorance
which, according to the authorities, was equivalent to actual knowledge and
therefore amounted to fraud within the meaning of ss 46(2) and 160(1)(_b_) of
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”) and the concept as
enunciated by Salmond J in _Waimiha Sawmilling Co Ltd v Waione Timber Co Ltd_
[1923] NZLR 1137 at 1175. Thirdly, and in the alternative, the defendant seeks
an order pursuant to s 160(1)(_b_) to rectify the land-register by cancelling
the registration of the Mortgage on the ground that the registration was
obtained through an omission or mistake. Fourthly, and in the further
alternative, the defendant asks the court to allow her, as an exception to the
doctrine of indefeasibility under the LTA, the “ _in personam_ remedy” against
the plaintiff by reason of its and its agents’ conduct, seeing that no
interest of any _bona fide_ third party had intervened.

**Basic facts**

8 The basic facts which are not disputed are as follows. I will later set out
the evidence relating to the issues of fact. The defendant has been the
registered owner of the property since 16 March 1967. The title to the
defendant’s property was comprised in Certificate of Title Vol 495 Folio 160
(“the Original CT”).

9 The defendant is about 90 years old. She has two adopted daughters, namely
Suzanah and Hajjah Aisah bte Haji, alias Mimi Haji (“Hajjah”).

10 In early 2000, the Original CT was found missing. Hajjah then engaged, on
behalf of the defendant, solicitors to act for the defendant to apply for and
obtain a replacement certificate of title. This was done by way of an
application for replacement certificate of title No I/188861N which was lodged
with the Registry of Titles (“the Registry”) on 30 May 2000.

11 Pursuant to the said application for replacement of the certificate of
title, the replacement certificate of title (“the Replacement CT”) was issued
on 6 July 2000. It should be noted that the word “REPLACEMENT” is stated
clearly on the front page of the document at the top right hand side of the
page and it is also described as “Edition 1”.

12 On the evidence, it is not disputed that the Replacement CT has at all
material times been in the possession of Hajjah and continues to be in her
possession up to the trial of this action.

13 Section 43(5) of the LTA requires the Registrar of Titles to enter in the
relevant folio of the land-register a notification of the issue of the
replacement certificate of title and that notification operates to cancel the
lost original certificate of title “for all purposes notwithstanding the fact
that the certificate may subsequently be recovered”.

14 By a letter dated 29 September 2000, the plaintiff offered JSN Enterprises
credit facilities of $1,000,000.00 upon the security of a legal mortgage of
the property of the defendant. It will be recalled that Suzanah and Junaidi
were the partners of JSN Enterprises. They played no part in these proceedings
and I am told that they are untraceable.

15 The plaintiff appointed M/s Mohan Das Naidu & Partners as its solicitors in
the mortgage of the property of the defendant. Mr Mohan Das Naidu (“Mr Naidu”)
was the solicitor in charge of the matter.

16 M/s Junaini and Jailani (“M/s Junaini”) acted for the borrowers and, on the
face of it, they also acted for the defendant as the mortgagor of the
property. Mr Junaini bin Manin was the solicitor in charge. At the time he
gave evidence, he was serving sentence for another offence which had nothing
to do with this case.

17 It is not disputed that prior to the execution of the Mortgage, Mohan Das
Naidu & Partners conducted the relevant searches in respect of the property.
The solicitors through themselves or their conveyancing clerk knew that a
replacement certificate of title was issued in respect of the property. In
their usual report to their clients, Mr Naidu informed the plaintiff in
writing that a replacement certificate of title was issued, but he did not
enclose a copy thereof as should have been the usual practice. The simple
reason was that they had not received the Replacement CT from M/s Junaini,
which would have been in the usual course of events. Instead, Mr Naidu
received the original duplicate certificate of title from one Mr Rajan Pillay,
the agents of Suzanah and Junaidi.

18 In fact, Mohan Das Naidu & Partners had written to M/s Junaini on 24
October 2000 seeking their confirmation that Mr Rajan Pillay was acting with
the authority of the latter’s clients when he, Mr Rajan Pillay, handed over to
Mr Naidu “the original Duplicate Certificate of Title Volume 495 Folio 160”.
No confirmation was elicited from M/s Junaini and the matter was not pursued
further by Mr Naidu.

19 If Mr Naidu had required the production of the Replacement CT, as he should
have done, the fraud would have been exposed.

20 The Mortgage was executed by Suzanah and Junaidi, as partners of JSN
Enterprises, as borrowers and, on the face of it, it was executed by the
defendant as the mortgagor on 19 October 2000. Mr Junaini as solicitor signed
the usual solicitor’s certificate, to the effect that the defendant understood
the terms of the Mortgage and the extent of the defendant’s liability. I will
evaluate his evidence later in this judgment.

21 The Mortgage was registered at the Registry.

22 Section 42(1) of the LTA stipulates that a certificate of title must be
produced for the purposes of effecting registration of any instrument.

**Findings of facts**

23 I now turn to the questions of fact and set out my findings based on the
evidence adduced.

24 The first question of fact to determine is whether Mr Naidu had used the
Original CT to register the Mortgage. On the evidence, I find that he had. The
Replacement CT, since its issue, has at all material times up to the hearing
before me been in the exclusive possession of Hajjah, whose evidence on this I
have no hesitation in accepting. The Replacement CT has been verified as
authentic, on the evidence of the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) and SNP
Security Printing Pte Ltd (“SNP”). They confirmed that the paper on which the
Replacement CT is printed bears the SNP watermark and the security design used
on the Replacement CT was created by SNP for SLA. In the case of the title to
the property, the SLA confirmed that only one application was made for the
Replacement CT. Mr Naidu himself wrote a letter dated 24 October 2000 to M/s
Juanini informing them that one Mr Rajan Pillay had handed to him “the
original Duplicate Certificate of Title Volume 495 Folio 160”. The SLA officer
was unable to say if the original duplicate certificate of title, the
Replacement CT or a good forgery of the Replacement CT was used. They had no
record which certificate of title was presented. As I am convinced that the
Replacement CT was at all material times in the exclusive possession of
Hajjah; in my judgment, Mr Naidu must have used the original duplicate
certificate of title to register the Mortgage.

25 Now, s 42(1) of the LTA provides that a certificate of title must be
produced for the purposes of registration of the Mortgage. Section 43(5) of
the LTA provides that notification by the Registrar of Titles of the issue of
a replacement certificate of title shall operate to cancel the lost original
certificate of title “for all purposes notwithstanding the fact the
certificate may subsequently be recovered”. Under r 24 of the Land Titles
Rules (Cap 157, R 1, 1999 Rev Ed), Mr Naidu was required to surrender the
original duplicate certificate of title to the SLA as possession of it was a
criminal offence. Instead he kept it for 11 days and used it unlawfully to
register the Mortgage.

26 The next question is whether the apparent paramountcy of the estate of the
Mortgage under s 46(1) of the LTA is defeated by the legal disability
exception. The question requires a reference to s 46(2) of the LTA, the
relevant parts of which read as follows:

Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and remedies of
any person —

…

(_d_) to recover from a proprietor land acquired by him from a person under a
legal disability which was known to the proprietor at the time of dealing; …

27 The defendant therefore has to prove that she was of unsound mind at the
time of the execution of the Mortgage and that the plaintiff knew her to be of
unsound mind at that time.

28 I accept the evidence of Dr Ong Pui Sim, a qualified psychiatrist. She
opined that the defendant “would have impaired mental competence in dealing
with complex problems even in 2000”. She further observed as follows:

Moderate memory loss, especially for recent events, as can be seen in the
earliest stages of dementia, would greatly impair her ability to receive,
retain and process information provided in a lengthy mortgage deed. This
memory deficit, coupled with problems in judgment and problem solving skills,
could further impair her ability to understand and manipulate information
rationally. Hence my conclusion, in the form of my opinion, is that Madam Bebe
would be of unsound mind when she executed the mortgage in the year 2000”.

Dr Ong in her first examination of the defendant had diagnosed her as being in
the moderately severe stage of disease, _ie_ , Stage 6. As can be seen from
table 12.1 in exhibit D1, an extract from Barry Reisberg, “Memory Dysfunction
and Dementia: Diagnostic Considerations” in _Clinical Geriatric
Psychopharmacology_ (C Salzman ed) (Williams & Wilkins, 2nd Ed, 1992), Stage 6
of the disease can last for 29 months. This would mean that the defendant
would have been in the moderately severe stage of the disease in October 2000
when the Mortgage was executed. The plaintiff’s expert, Dr Ang Yong Guan,
conceded that a person suffering from moderately severe Alzheimer’s Disease
could be of unsound mind. There were various pieces of evidence which more or
less contradicted Dr Ong’s opinion but I do not think that they displaced it,
when they are cumulatively considered.

29 However, on the evidence, the plaintiff had no knowledge that the defendant
was of unsound mind at the time of the signing of the Mortgage. This was an
agreed fact set out in para 6 of the Agreed Statement of Facts.

30 Accordingly, this exception does not assist the defendant.

31 The central contention advanced on behalf of the defendant is that she is
entitled to defeat the plaintiff’s registered title pursuant to s 46(2) of the
LTA on the ground of Mr Naidu’s fraud.

32 Counsel for the defendant submitted that it was not necessary for the
defendant to prove actual fraud, _ie_ , dishonesty of some sort on the part of
Mr Naidu. Fraud in this context is not limited to cases of actual and certain
knowledge. What the defendant needs to prove is that Mr Naidu knew enough to
make his duty as an honest man to hold his hand, and either make further
inquiries before proceeding with the mortgage and registration of it or
abstain from proceeding with the mortgage until the issue of the Replacement
CT was resolved.

33 In _Waimiha Sawmilling Co Ltd v Waione Timber Co Ltd_ ([7] _supra_),
Salmond J stated that “fraud is not limited to cases of actual and certain
knowledge” and elaborated at 1175 as follows:

The true test of fraud is not whether the purchaser actually knew for a
certainty of the existence of the adverse right, but whether he knew enough to
make it his duty as an honest man to hold his hand, and either to make further
inquiries before purchasing, or to abstain from the purchase, or to purchase
subject to the claimant’s rights rather than in defiance of them. If, knowing
as much as this, he proceeds without further inquiry or delay to purchase an
unencumbered title with intent to disregard the claimant’s rights, if they
exist, he is guilty of that wilful blindness or voluntary ignorance which,
according to the authorities, is equivalent to actual knowledge, and therefore
amounts to fraud.

34 In _Assets Company, Limited v Mere Roihi_ [1905] AC 176 at 210, it was said
by the Privy Council (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of New Zealand) with
relation to fraud under the Land Transfer Acts 1870 and 1885 as follows:

Fraud by persons from whom [the person whose registered title is impeached]
claims does not affect him unless knowledge of it is brought home to him or
his agents. The mere fact that he might have found out fraud if he had been
more vigilant, and had made further inquiries which he omitted to make, does
not of itself prove fraud on his part. But if it be shewn that his suspicions
were aroused, and that he abstained from making inquiries for fear of learning
the truth, the case is very different, and fraud may be properly ascribed to
him.

35 In his evidence, Mr Naidu maintained that Mr Pillay handed him the
Replacement CT. He maintained this line in his re-examination. He said that
one Ms Rachel Loo, who was a fairly experienced conveyancing clerk, had
checked the documents and prepared the documents. She got the Mortgage
registered. Mr Naidu was referred to the fact that she had drafted his letter
to M/s Junaini which had stated that Mr Pillay had handed him “the original
duplicate CT”. That description fitted the original duplicate certificate of
title which was printed on yellow-beige paper. It looked very different from
the new certificates printed under the STARS system for the SLA by SNP, which
is in blue with watermarks and security features. Mr Naidu sought to explain
that perhaps Ms Loo had used the phrase “original duplicate certificate of
title” in the letter[1] in error. I am unable to accept his evidence and his
explanation. Any experienced conveyancing clerk could not have mistaken the
title certificate printed on the previous yellow-beige parchment paper and the
new blue paper with watermarks. On top of that, the Replacement CT was at all
material times always in the exclusive possession of Hajjah.

36 Owing to the fact that Mr Naidu had maintained that the Replacement CT and
not the original duplicate certificate of title was delivered to him, he was
not in position to give any evidence on what he did with the original
duplicate certificate of title. He offered the explanation that he had
“assumed” that the Replacement CT was the one handed to him, in view of the
fact that his Registry title searches contained the notification that a
Replacement CT was issued.

37 In view of the stand taken by Mr Naidu that he was handed the Replacement
CT and not the original duplicate certificate of title, the plaintiff decided
not to call Ms Loo to give evidence. We therefore do not have the benefit of
her evidence. According to Mr Naidu, Ms Loo had handled the searches and the
drafting of the Mortgage. She wrote the letter stating that the “original
duplicate certificate of title” was handed to Mr Naidu. She was the one who
must have read the Registry title searches and found that a Replacement CT had
been issued. She must have known that the original duplicate certificate of
title had been cancelled “for all purposes notwithstanding the fact that the
certificate may subsequently be recovered”. She must also be deemed to know
that it was an offence to be in possession of that certificate, which should
have been surrendered to the SLA. But Ms Loo was not the person who tendered
the Mortgage and the original duplicate certificate of title for registration.
It was another person who freelanced for Mr Naidu. That person was not called
to give evidence. The registration at the Registry also made the mistake. And
the registration went through.

38 What did Mr Naidu and/or Ms Loo know in relation to the original duplicate
certificate of title given to them? Mr Naidu gave me the impression that he
left the file very much to Ms Loo and his secretary. He did not strike me as
knowing very much about the file. On the other hand, Ms Loo had checked the
title, made the Registry title searches and written the letter acknowledging
that the firm had received the “original duplicate certificate of title”. She
knew or deliberately turned a blind eye to the fact that the firm had received
a document which was cancelled and of which it was illegal for the firm to be
in possession. Yet Ms Loo proceeded with the registration of the Mortgage, by
instructing the freelance registration clerk to do so. As a result, the
Mortgage was registered on the strength of an erroneous document. In the case
of wilful blindness, I rely on what was stated by Tadgell JA in _Macquarie
Bank Ltd v Sixty-Fourth Throne Pty Ltd_ [1998] 3 VR 133, where it was pointed
out that wilful blindness could in certain circumstances be “akin to fraud”.
In my view, this was the situation in the instant case, if Ms Loo’s conduct
was not fraudulent in the first place. On either basis, the defendant is
entitled to defeat the Mortgage registered pursuant to s 46(2) of the LTA on
the ground of fraud.

39 Alternatively, in view of the facts as found, I accept the submission of
counsel for the defendant that I should rectify the land-register by
cancelling the registration of the Mortgage under s 160(1)(_b_) of the LTA on
the ground that it was obtained through an omission or mistake. In accepting
the original duplicate certificate of title at the Registry, the staff
concerned (who was not identified) must have made a mistake. The plaintiff
should not derive any benefit arising from the registration because of the
wrongful and illegal use of the original duplicate certificate of title.

40 Further and in the alternative, I also accept the submission of counsel for
the defendant that the defendant has a personal right recognised by equity to
set aside the transaction on the ground that the plaintiff’s agents had
unlawfully used the cancelled original duplicate certificate of title to get
on the land-register as a mortgagee to the defendant’s detriment and when they
were not entitled to do so. This case does not involve a third party who had
dealt with the property on the faith of the land-register. The case of
_Mercantile Mutual Life Insurance Co Ltd v Gosper_ (1991) 25 NSWLR 32 (“the
_Mercantile Mutual Life_ case”) is relevant. It was held by a majority of the
Court of Appeal with Meagher JA dissenting that registration under the
Australian Real Property Act 1900 (which is broadly similar to the LTA) might
be set aside when there was a personal equity enforceable under the general
law. It was also held that such an enforceable personal equity arose in
respect of a forged variation of mortgage where the mortgagee produced the
certificate of title without the authority of the registered proprietor and in
breach of its obligations in relation to possession and custody of the
certificate of title.

41 Prof Tan Sook Yee summarised the facts in the _Mercantile Mutual Life_ case
in her book _Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed,
2001) at pp 242 and 243 as follows. In that case, Mrs Gosper mortgaged the
property to the mortgagee for a certain sum. The mortgage was registered.
Later, Mr Gosper, without the knowledge or consent of Mrs Gosper, increased
the amount of the loan and forged Mrs Gosper’s signature to the Variation of
Mortgage. Mrs Gosper argued that the Variation was not binding on her. The
mortgagee was not found to be fraudulent. It relied on the indefeasibility of
its title. The court held that although the mortgagee had title under the
Variation of Mortgage (despite the forgery of Mrs Gosper’s signature),
nevertheless as no interest had been acquired by a third party on the faith of
the register, Mrs Gosper could enforce a personal equity against the
mortgagee. This personal equity sprang from the mortgagee using Mrs Gosper’s
certificate of title to register the Variation of Mortgage without her
consent. The court held in favour of Mrs Gosper even though the mortgagee was
neither privy to the fraud nor was it even put on enquiry as to the
perpetuation of the fraud.

42 Based on the facts as found above, the use of the original duplicate
certificate of title to register the Mortgage was in my view unconscionable.

43 In my view, the sanctity of the land-register under the LTA under the
doctrine of indefeasibility should not be used to allow unconscionable
behaviour.

44 Accordingly, I grant the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that the Mortgage dated 3 November 2000 registered by the
plaintiff against the property belonging to the defendant comprised in
Certificate of Title Volume 495 Folio 160 is null and void and is set aside as
against the defendant;

(b) an order that the registration of the Mortgage be cancelled by the
Registrar of Titles; and

(c) an order that the plaintiff pay the defendant costs, including the costs
of $7,500.00 awarded in Originating Summons No 539 of 2002.

Claim dismissed.

  

* * *

[1](AB58)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

