Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General  
[2005] SGCA 58

Case Number | : | CA 87/2005, NM 81/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellant in person; Leong Kwang Ian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lai Swee Lin Linda — Attorney-General   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Whether extension of time to file and
serve notice of appeal should be granted where substantial delay resulting
from inability to furnish security for costs due to financial difficulty –
Order 3 r 4, O 57 r 17 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Whether consolidation of appeals against distinct
orders arising from separate actions without order of court irregular –
Whether irregularity may be cured through exercise of court's discretion –
Order 4 r 1(1) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Whether appeal against striking-out order
barred due to appellant's non-compliance with s 34(1)(c) Supreme Court of
Judicature Act – Section 34(1)(c) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed)  
  

7 December 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The appellant is no stranger to the courts. Indeed, as we shall see, she is,
_inter alia_ , now attempting to improperly “resurrect” the earlier
proceedings (summarised at [8] below).

2 In so far as the present proceedings are concerned, the appellant had, in
Civil Appeal No 87 of 2005, brought an appeal (“the consolidated appeal”)
against two orders in chambers made by Tan Lee Meng J arising from two
separate actions – Suit No 995 of 2004 (“the employment action”) and
Originating Summons in Bankruptcy No 38 of 2005 (“the bankruptcy action”),
respectively.

3 The respondent brought the present application to, _inter alia_ , set aside
one of the appeals mentioned in the preceding paragraph – in respect of the
employment action. In particular, the respondent argued that this particular
appeal was brought in breach of various procedural requirements.

4 We note, as an important preliminary point, that the rules of civil
procedure constitute the basic structure within which the substantive merits
of particular cases are ultimately determined. To this end, whilst the courts
should not permit the application of the rules of civil procedure to be
productive of unnecessary technicality and/or substantive injustice, they
must, by the same token, also ensure that where contravention of these rules
would in fact result in substantive injustice, such contravention should not
be permitted.

5 In other words, everything depends, in the final analysis, on the context
concerned (including, but not being limited to, the factual matrix in
question).

6 As we shall see, the appellant in the present appeal clearly contravened
several rules of civil procedure. Indeed, we found that such contravention, if
sanctioned by this court, would be productive of substantive injustice with
regard both to the specific issues in the present appeal in particular and to
the respective rationale underlying the relevant rules of civil procedure in
general. In the circumstances we granted the present application by the
respondent with costs. We now give the detailed reasons for our decision.

**The background in brief**

**_The appeal arising from the employment action_**

7 This particular action, though begun in 2004, had its roots (in part at
least) in earlier proceedings against various government authorities
(including the Public Service Commission (“the PSC”)).

8 In _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Public Service Commission_ [2000] SGHC 162, the
appellant sought leave to apply, _inter alia_ , for orders of _certiorari_ and
_mandamus_ to quash the decision of the PSC to terminate her appointment as
Senior Officer Grade III (Law) at the Land Office of the Ministry of Law and
sought reinstatement to her original position (“the public law action”). The
High Court granted the appellant the requisite leave for an order of
_certiorari_ , albeit not for an order of _mandamus_. However, this court, in
_Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR 644 (“ _PSC v
Linda Lai_ ”), reversed this decision and refused the appellant leave to apply
for the orders sought. It held that the appellant, not being a confirmed civil
servant, could not avail herself of her rights through the public law route
but ought to pursue her rights under the contractual route instead. It also
ordered her to pay 50% of the costs of the appeal and of the hearing at first
instance (see _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] SGCA
10).

9 The appellant subsequently brought the employment action, seeking a
declaration that the termination of her appointment (which was the subject of
the public law action briefly described in the preceding paragraph) was _ultra
vires_ the Constitution and in violation of the rules of natural justice. This
was just one part of her claim. She also sought damages against the respondent
in contract law for wrongful termination of her employment contract. She
further sought the costs of the earlier public law action.

10 The respondent then applied, by way of Summons in Chambers No 123 of 2005
to strike out certain parts of the appellant’s Statement of Claim in the
employment action as being scandalous or as constituting an abuse of the
process of the court (“the striking-out order”). The learned assistant
registrar allowed the respondent’s application. He ordered that certain
paragraphs be struck out and that a number of other paragraphs be amended
within three weeks, failing which they, too, would be struck out. The
appellant appealed against this decision to the judge in chambers. Tan Lee
Meng J affirmed, with certain minor amendments, the assistant registrar’s
decision. As we have seen, one of the appeals in the consolidated appeal is
against Tan J’s decision.

**_The appeal arising from the bankruptcy action_**

11 The bankruptcy action also had its roots in the earlier proceedings
(briefly described above at [8]). In particular, the respondent had served a
statutory demand on the appellant following her failure to pay the costs she
had been ordered to pay in the public law action (which, it will be recalled,
constituted 50% of the costs of that particular appeal as well as of the
hearing at first instance (see [8] above)).

12 The appellant applied for a stay of this action. The learned assistant
registrar dismissed this application (“the order refusing a stay”), and her
decision was affirmed by the judge in chambers (and see, now, _Lai Swee Lin
Linda v AG_ [2005] SGHC 182). As we have also seen, this is the other appeal
in the consolidated appeal.

**_The consolidated appeal_**

13 As already mentioned, the appellant brought the consolidated appeal (in
Civil Appeal No 87 of 2005) against both the striking-out order (arising in
the context of the employment action) and the order refusing a stay (arising
in the context of the bankruptcy action).

**_The present proceedings_**

14 The respondent filed the present motion (Notice of Motion No 81 of 2005)
before this court, asking that:

(a) the appeal against the striking-out order be set aside;

(b) reference to the employment action be removed from the Notice of Appeal;
and

(c) the cost of this application be paid by the appellant.

**The issues**

15**** The first issue arising in the present proceedings was whether or not
there could, and (if so) whether there had been, proper consolidation of the
appeals in the context of the employment action and of the bankruptcy action,
respectively.

16 The second was whether or not the appeal against the striking-out order
was, in any event, barred as the appellant had not complied with s 34(1)(_c_)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”).

17 The third was whether the appellant had filed and/or served her Notice of
Appeal against the striking-out order out of time and, if so, whether time
ought to be extended in favour of the appellant.

**The issue relating to the consolidation of the appeals**

18**** The relevant rule with regard to consolidation is to be found in O 4 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), r 1(1) of which reads as
follows:

Where two or more causes or matters are _pending_ , then, if it appears to the
Court —

(_a_) that some common question of law or fact arises in both or all of them;

(_b_) that the rights to relief claimed therein are in respect of or arise out
of the same transaction or series of transactions; or

(_c_) that for some other reason it is desirable to make an order under this
Rule,

the Court may order those causes or matters to be consolidated on such terms
as it thinks just or may order them to be _tried_ at the same time or one
immediately after another or may order any of them to be stayed until after
the determination of any other of them.

[emphasis added]

19 It is clear that the word “pending” italicised above refers to causes or
matters that have _yet to be tried_ (with a cause or matter becoming “pending”
for the purposes of this rule as soon as the writ is issued: see _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 4/1/2). It cannot,
in our view, have been intended for O 4 r 1 to apply to appeals. “Causes” or
“matters” do not, in any event, fall within the natural meaning of an
“appeal”; they are, instead, concerned with _trials_. This point is in fact
buttressed by the word “tried” (also italicised above). Order 4 r 1(2) also
requires an order for consolidation to be in _Form 1_ , and this particular
form makes clear reference to the plaintiff and the defendant (and _not_ the
appellant and the respondent). On this point alone, therefore, the appellant’s
consolidation of the appeals concerned was irretrievably flawed.

20 Indeed, in a related vein, we agree with counsel for the respondent that
the appellant was _not_ at liberty to _unilaterally_ consolidate the appeals
without an order of court. The appellant simply consolidated the appeals
without more and sought what was in effect _ex post facto_ leave from the
present court to consolidate the appeals pursuant to O 4 r 1. As already noted
in the preceding paragraph, this was neither the spirit nor the intent of the
rule. Nevertheless, the appellant persisted in arguing that the present court
ought to allow consolidation under O 4 r 1 inasmuch as there was a common
question of fact that justified consolidation of the appeals with regard to
both the striking-out order and the order refusing a stay.

21 Even if we leave aside (for the moment) the threshold difficulties facing
the appellant which we have already outlined above, it is important to note at
the outset that the power of consolidation under O 4 r 1 is _discretionary_.
In other words, there is no automatic right as such on the part of the
applicant to consolidate proceedings the moment a common question of fact
arises – assuming that the applicant falls within the scope of O 4 r 1 in the
first instance.

22 Even a cursory examination of O 4 r 1 will reveal that it was not intended
to cover situations such as those which existed in the present proceedings.
The main rationale underlying the consolidation of proceedings under this rule
is to ensure an efficient hearing of related actions under a common
“umbrella”, so to speak. As Lai Kew Chai J observed in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong (No 3)_ [1997] 3 SLR 178 at
[4]:

These rules of procedure have been in place to save costs, time and effort and
for reasons of convenience in the handling of the hearing of several actions
which are linked by one of the common threads provided in the rules.

The appellant’s avowed purpose for consolidating her appeals could not have
been further from this rationale. In her own words, she consolidated the
appeals to save costs as she did not have sufficient funds to furnish two sets
of security for costs. One may sympathise with the appellant. However,
financial hardship cannot be an excuse for the use of the rules of civil
procedure (here, O 4 r 1) as a means of convenience whilst simultaneously
ignoring the legal principles upon which they are based. It might also be
observed, in passing, that the saving of costs in the context of O 4 r 1 is a
reference to the possible (and general) reduction of costs that are properly
payable and which would redound to the benefit of all concerned; it is clearly
not a licence (still less a _carte blanche_) for one party to evade the
payment of costs that are properly payable.

23 In any event, contrary to the appellant’s view, there was _no_ common issue
of fact to begin with. The striking-out order related to the appellant’s
employment action, whilst the order refusing a stay related to bankruptcy
proceedings against her arising from her failure to pay costs in the public
law action. The only common thread was that the appellant was the chief
protagonist in both sets of proceedings. That was hardly a common question of
fact.

24 Further, and as importantly, it should be noted that the Rules of Court
require _separate_ Notices of Appeal to be issued for each order appealed
against. More specifically, as stated in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_
([19] _supra_ at para 57/3/16), where a party wishes to appeal against orders
made in different actions, a separate Notice of Appeal is required in respect
of each action _even if the actions had been tried together_.

25 Could, however, this irregularity perpetrated by the appellant be cured
pursuant to O 2 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court? It should be reiterated that the
appellant’s reasons for consolidating the appeals centred on financial
convenience. As we shall see, the appeal against the striking-out order is
also “hopeless” (see [49]–[69] below).

26 In the circumstances, it would not, in our view, be an appropriate case to
exercise our discretion under O 2 r 1(2) to cure this particular irregularity.

**Section 34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA**

27 The second issue is this: Had the appellant complied with the requirements
of s 34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA in so far as the striking-out order was concerned
and, if not, what were the legal consequences? As no objection was taken by
the respondent in this context with regard to the order refusing a stay, we do
not propose to discuss the legal consequences arising from the appellant’s
failure to comply with these requirements and confine our analysis to the
appellant’s failure _vis-à-vis_ the striking-out order only. Section
34(1)(_c_) itself reads as follows:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.** —(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the
following cases:

…

(_c_) subject to any other provision in this section, where a Judge makes an
interlocutory order in chambers unless the Judge has certified, on application
within 7 days after the making of the order by any party for further argument
in court, that he requires no further argument; …

28 The relevant corresponding provision (O 56 r 2) in the Rules of Court reads
as follows:

**Further arguments on interlocutory orders (O. 56, r. 2)**

**2.** —(1) An application to a Judge for further argument in Court pursuant
to section 34 (1) (_c_) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Chapter 322)
shall, subject to the provisions of that section, be made in accordance with
practice directions for the time being issued by the Registrar.

(2) Unless the Registrar informs the party making the application within 14
days of the receipt of the application that the Judge requires further
arguments, the Judge shall be deemed to have certified that he requires no
further arguments.

(3) Upon hearing further arguments, the Judge may affirm, vary or set aside
the interlocutory order previously made or may make such other order as he
thinks fit. Any such hearing, if in Chambers, shall be deemed to be a hearing
in Court for the purposes of section 34 (1) (_c_) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act.

29**** The purpose of s 34(1)(_c_) is clear. In the words of Karthigesu JA in
a decision of this court in _Singapore Press Holdings Ltd v Brown Noel Trading
Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 151 (“ _SPH v Brown Noel_ ”) at 166, [40]:

The intent and purpose of s 34(1)(c) of the re-enacted Supreme Court of
Judicature Act and O 56 r 2 of the Rules of the Supreme Court is to us
abundantly clear and free from doubt. It is to prescribe a procedure for
appeals in interlocutory matters heard by a judge-in-chambers being brought to
this court, _which may have arisen from full arguments not being presented to
the judge-in-chambers due to the shortness of time available for the hearing
of such applications or due to the judge-in-chambers having to decide on an
issue without the time available to him for mature consideration_. [emphasis
added]

30 To like effect are the following observations by Chan Sek Keong J (as he
then was) in the Singapore High Court decision in _JH Rayner (Mincing Lane)
Ltd v Teck Hock & Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1988] SGHC 104 at [9] (digested in [1989]
Mallal’s Digest 394; and which were in fact cited and applied in, _inter alia_
, _SPH v Brown Noel Trading_ ([29] _supra_)):

Section 34(2) [the predecessor of the present s 34(1)] contemplates a
situation where a party who is adversely affected by an interlocutory order
may wish to appeal against that order but before so doing would like the judge
to reconsider the order in the light of such further arguments as he may be
able to put forward. If a judge agrees to hear further arguments, it must mean
that he is prepared to change his mind if on hearing further arguments he
comes to the conclusion that the original decision is wrong wholly or in some
respects. In other words, until he has heard such arguments, his decision must
remain tentative.

31 The appellant frankly admitted that she had been ignorant of the existence
of s 34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA. She stated that she had had no access to statutes
or to the LawNet database. She further requested that she now be allowed to
comply with this provision.

32 If the appellant had, in fact, failed to comply with s 34(1)(_c_), then,
having regard to the basic purpose underlying the provision (which was briefly
recounted above), it is clear that such failure was not a mere technical
breach that could be overlooked by the court. Indeed, if such a breach were
overlooked, we would be setting a precedent that could well mark the beginning
of a potential floodtide of contraventions which would ultimately undermine
the very _raison d’étre_ , indeed the very existence, of the provision itself.

33**** Although it is a hard _dictum_ , ignorance of the law is no excuse –
for laypersons and, _a fortiori_ , for a legally-trained person such as the
appellant. In any event, s 34(1)(_c_) was in fact available either in the
library or online (without charge and which is free to the public) at
<http://statutes.agc.gov.sg>.

34 We also note that the appellant had not applied to the judge for further
arguments within the stipulated time and could not therefore have had the
_locus standi_ to lodge her present appeal before this court if she had in
fact failed to comply with this particular requirement under s 34(1)(_c_). It
is equally clear that _this_ court had _no_ jurisdiction to extend the time in
the context of the present proceedings in favour of the appellant: see this
court’s decision in _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3
SLR 357.

35 In point of fact, however, the more pertinent as well as substantive
argument was _whether or not the appellant had in fact failed to comply with
the requirements of s 34(1)(c) in the first instance._ Somewhat curiously,
perhaps, the appellant did not in fact address this court on this particular
point. Indeed, as we have seen, she had appeared to have all but conceded that
she had failed to comply with these requirements. On the other hand, counsel
for the respondent merely asserted that there had been a failure to comply
with the requirements of s 34(1)(_c_), without considering whether or not such
an assertion could in fact be justified based on the substantive criteria
applicable in this particular context.

36 In this regard, it should be noted that s 34(1)(_c_) is only applicable in
the context of interlocutory orders made by a judge in chambers. It is
insufficient merely to prove that the order concerned was made in chambers
(which was clearly the case here). The key focus in most cases (not least the
present) is whether or not the order made was _interlocutory_ in nature; only
then would it fall within the purview of the provision.

37 It is pertinent to note that the test adopted in the Singapore context to
distinguish between interlocutory orders on the one hand and final orders on
the other is that laid down in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Bozson
v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1 KB 547 (“ _Bozson_ ”), where
Lord Alverstone CJ stated the test to be applied as follows (at 548–549):

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.

38  This test (popularly known as the “order” test) has been preferred to the
“application” test laid down in the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of
_Salaman v Warner_ [1891] 1 QB 734, where Fry LJ was of the following view (at
736):

[A]n order is “final” only where it is made upon an application or other
proceeding which must, whether such application or other proceeding fail or
succeed, determine the action. Conversely I think that an order is
“interlocutory” where it cannot be affirmed that in either event the action
will be determined.

39 The “order” test laid down in _Bozson_ has been endorsed time and again in
the Singapore context: see, for example (for a sample of just a few of the
more recent decisions of this court), _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd v
Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 441; _Rank Xerox (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra
Marketing_ _Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 73; _Jumabhoy Asad v Aw Cheok Huat Mick_
[2003] 3 SLR 99 and _Lim Kok Koon v Tan JinHwee Eunice & Lim ChooEng_ [2004] 2
SLR 322.

40 Applying the “order” test, it did _not_ seem to us that the striking-out
order was _clearly_ an interlocutory one and, if so, the appellant’s failure
to comply with s 34(1)(_c_) would not have had an adverse impact on the case
simply because the provision would not, _ex hypothesi_ , be applicable in the
first instance.

41 Although the order striking out the paragraphs concerned did not impact on
the substantive issues which remained to be decided in subsequent proceedings
(centring around an action in contract law) and could (in this sense) be
construed as an interlocutory order, it seemed to us equally plausible to
argue that this particular order did in fact finally dispose of the rights of
the parties in the proceedings in so far as alleged liability with regard to
administrative law was concerned and was, in that sense, a final order.

42 Given the fact, as noted above, that neither the appellant nor the
respondent addressed us on this particular issue, we do not propose to rule on
the point now since we find that the appellant fails in her arguments with
respect to the two remaining issues, the first of which (the wrongful
consolidation of the appeals) has already been dealt with above. We turn now
to consider the other issue – which relates to the filing and/or serving of
the Notice of Appeal against the striking-out order by the appellant out of
time. For reasons which we elaborate upon below, we hold that there were no
grounds to merit the exercise of this court’s discretion to grant an extension
of time to the appellant to file and serve the Notice of Appeal out of time.

**Filing and/or serving the Notice of Appeal against the striking-out order
out of time**

43**** Even if the appellant could succeed on the preceding two issues (which
we in fact decided she could not, at least in so far as the first was
concerned), she would still face this third – and final – issue to the effect
that she had clearly filed and/or served the Notice of Appeal out of time. In
fact, the appellant filed and served her Notice of Appeal well beyond the
stipulated period (in O 57 r 4) of one month from the date the striking-out
order was made. This was in fact done, as counsel for the responded pointed
out, after a lapse of three months and 19 days. The issue which arises is
whether or not there are extenuating circumstances warranting an extension of
time under O 3 r 4 read with O 57 r 17 of the Rules of Court.

44 Although the appellant did allege that she had filed a separate Notice of
Appeal against the striking-out order on 3 May 2005, we were unable to locate
any documentary evidence to this effect. During the appeal itself, the
appellant _conceded_ that although she had _attempted to_ file a Notice of
Appeal within time (on 3 May 2005), this attempt was ineffective as she had
not furnished the requisite security for costs.

45 The applicable principles governing the jurisdiction of the court to extend
the time for filing and/or serving a Notice of Appeal were laid down, most
notably perhaps, by the decision of this court in _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen
Edwin_ (“ _Pearson_ ”) [1991] SLR 212. The court there held (at 219, [20])
that “the application … for an extension of time … should be on grounds
sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to him”. In this regard,
four factors have been utilised by the courts to ascertain whether or not the
court should be so persuaded. These include the length of delay; the reasons
for the delay; the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing were
extended; and the prejudice caused to the would-be respondent if an extension
of time was in fact granted: see _Pearson_ at 217, [15]; _Hau Khee Wee v Chua
Kian Tong_ [1986] SLR 484 at 488, [14]; _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Vithya Sri Sumathis_ [1999] 3 SLR 239 at [24]; _Tan Chiang Brother’s
Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 225 at
[27]; _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR 505 at [10]; as well as _Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco
Products Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 561 at [8] and [11]. When applying
these factors, the overriding consideration is that the Rules of Court must
_prima facie_ be obeyed, with reasonable diligence being exercised: see the
Privy Council decision of _Thamboo_ _Ratnam v Thamboo Cumarasamy and
Cumarasamy Ariamany d/o Kumarasa_ [1965] 1 WLR 8 (“ _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ ”)
at 12 and the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Chai Heng v Yeo Seng
Choon_ [1980–1981] SLR 381 at 382, [5]. This court has also pointed out, in
_The Melati_ [2004] 4 SLR 7 at [37] that the “paramount consideration” is the
need for finality. It should be borne in mind, in this regard, that the would-
be appellant has already “had a trial and lost”: see _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ ,
_supra_ at 12. Hence, if no appeal is filed and served within the prescribed
period (here, of one month), the successful party is justly entitled to assume
that the judgment concerned is final: see _Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco Products
Singapore Pte Ltd_ , _supra_ at [8].

46 Applying the principles (in particular, the four factors) stated in the
preceding paragraph, we were not persuaded that the appellant ought to be
granted an extension of time.

47 In the first instance, the period of delay in the present proceedings was
_three months and 19 days_. This was more than four times the prescribed time
period. By way of helpful comparison, a delay of 49 days in _AD v AE_ was
itself considered “by any standard … a very substantial delay” ([45] _supra_
at [11]).

48 Secondly, the appellant did refer to her financial difficulties as a reason
for her tardiness in filing and serving her Notice of Appeal – in particular,
to her difficulties in furnishing the $10,000 security for costs as required
under O 57 r 3(3). Whilst we sympathise with the appellant, financial
difficulties _per se_ are not, in our view, sufficient to justify an extension
of time. The various rules centring around the provision of security for costs
and the need to be prompt in filing and serving one’s Notice of Appeal would
otherwise be set at naught. We note that no other specific reason was given by
the appellant for the delay.

49 Thirdly, we found that the chances of the appeal succeeding were –
utilising the very low threshold laid down in _Nomura Regionalisation Venture
Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 46 at [32] – “hopeless”. In
particular, we bore in mind the three principal parts of the appellant’s
Statement of Claim which were in fact struck out.

50 The first part related to the appellant’s claim for costs in the earlier
public law action. In point of fact, this issue had already been dealt with by
this court in earlier proceedings (see _PSC v Linda Lai_) and was therefore
_res judicata_. It is true that the costs of the public law action was
technically against the PSC and other government bodies, as opposed to the
Attorney-General, who was the respondent in the employment action. However,
there was the requisite “privity of interest” between these statutory bodies
(see, for example, the English High Court decision of _Gleeson v J Wippell &
Co Ltd_ [1977] 1 WLR 510 (“ _Gleeson_ ”) and the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Tohru Motobayashi v OR_ [2000] 4 SLR 529 at [27]). In _Gleeson_ ,
Megarry VC observed (at 515) that:

[T]here must be a sufficient degree of identification between the two [here,
the statutory bodies concerned] to make it just to hold that the decision to
which one was party should be binding [here, on the appellant] in proceedings
to which the other is party.

One must indeed look to the substance rather than just the form. Therefore,
the appellant’s attempt to reopen the matter in the employment action was an
abuse of the process of court pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of
Court.

51 The second part concerned paragraphs relating to an application for
_judicial review_. Once again, the very same issue relating to judicial review
had already been determined in the same earlier proceedings in this court (see
_PSC v Linda Lai_). Indeed, that court had expressly held (at [46]) that “the
matters complained of by Ms Lai are not susceptible to judicial review”. More
specifically, it was held in that case that the appellant was not a confirmed
officer and was thus not entitled to raise claims in an administrative law
context. It was further held that the relevant provisions in the Instruction
Manual did not have any legal effect. Hence, the appellant’s claim lay, if at
all, in the sphere of contract law, and not administrative law. The
appellant’s attempt in the employment action to essentially re-litigate this
point in this second set of paragraphs in her Statement of Claim was clearly
also an abuse of the process of court under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_).

52 We note, at this juncture, that the appellant was adamant that without
consideration of the issues relating to administrative law, her whole case
against the respondent failed. As we shall see, that was not, strictly
speaking, correct, as the appellant could still mount her case under the law
of contract. In any event, this court had, as we have seen, already held in
_PSC v Linda Lai_ that judicial review was inappropriate. The appellant could
not therefore raise the point again in the employment action. Litigants –
particularly those who are unsuccessful before the courts – may feel strongly,
as did the appellant in the instant proceedings. However, that alone is
insufficient and, as in the present proceedings, is even irrelevant. All that
justice and fairness requires is that the appellant had her day in court. That
she did – right up to the highest appellate court in this land.

53 The appellant nevertheless persisted in raising the following arguments
that (in her view) demonstrated that the doctrine of _res judicata_ did not
arise with respect to her application for judicial review in the employment
action.

54 She argued, first, that the earlier public law action in _PSC v Linda Lai_
was merely an _ex parte_ application for leave to apply for _certiorari_ and
not a full hearing as such of the substantive _certiorari_ action. We found
this, with respect, to be a disingenuous argument. If the appellant could not,
in these earlier proceedings, even get past the threshold (for leave), of what
relevance was her raising the argument centring on a full hearing of the
substantive _certiorari_ action?

55 Secondly, the appellant argued that the remedy sought in _PSC v Linda Lai_
was that of _certiorari_ , whereas the remedy presently sought in the
employment action was for a declaration. She relied, repeatedly, on this
court’s decision in _AG v Ng Hock Guan_ [2004] 3 SLR 253, affirming _Ng Hock
Guan v AG_ [2004] 1 SLR 415 (“ _Ng Hock Guan”_).

56 It is true that, in _Ng Hock Guan_ , the plaintiff, having brought his
claim for judicial review by way of an application for a declaration, did not
(unlike an application for _certiorari_) have to apply for leave first. The
appellant argued that she was now bringing her claim by way of an application
for a declaration and thus fell within the scope of _Ng Hock Guan_ instead.

57 This was, with respect, an argument from technical form that ignored the
crucial point that it is, in the final analysis, the substance of the matter
that is all-important.

58 In the first instance, the point was not whether or not the application was
brought by way of _certiorari_ or declaration. The critical issue was whether
or not the applicant (here, the appellant) was entitled to mount her claim in
_judicial review_ in the _first instance_. This was a threshold issue that
would have had to be considered, _regardless_ of the form in which the
application was brought.

59 The criteria applied by the court in an application for leave to apply for
_certiorari_ should also be noted. This is an important point because the
criteria applicable are _very low_ (see, for example, the decision of this
court in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for Information and the Arts_
[1996] 1 SLR 609 at 616, [22], affirming [1995] 3 SLR 644). _Even then_ , the
appellant was _unable to pass these very low threshold criteria_. As we have
already pointed out above (at [54]), it would follow that her argument that
she should have been afforded a _substantive_ hearing on the issue with regard
to her application for _certiorari_ was, with respect, a _non sequitur_. If
she could not succeed at the threshold level, it follows, _a fortiori_ , that
she could not proceed to (let alone succeed) at the next (and substantive)
level.

60 The _same_ reasoning applies to her argument that she was nevertheless
entitled, on the authority of _Ng Hock Guan_ , to succeed if her application
was mounted in the form of a _declaration_ instead. If she could not succeed
in persuading this court that she had the _locus standi_ to pursue her case in
_administrative law_ under the _low threshold criteria_ for _leave_ to apply
for _certiorari_ , it would follow, _a fortiori_ , that she would _not_ be
able to persuade this court that she had the _locus standi_ to now pursue her
case in _administrative law_ by way of a _declaration_. Indeed, similar
reasoning in both this as well as the preceding paragraphs would apply to
another case cited by the appellant – that of the Singapore High Court in _De
Souza Lionel Jerome v AG_ [1993] 1 SLR 882 (“ _De Souza_ ”).

61 Indeed, if we come down to brass tacks, what the appellant was attempting
to do was to _re-litigate the same issue that this court held she could not do
– that her action lay not in administrative law but, if at all, under the law
of contract_. _This_ issue had _already been decided_ by this court in _PSC v
Linda Lai_. The appellant was attempting to _re-litigate_ this issue _under
the guise of an application for a declaration instead_. Quite apart from the
fact that the issue – and, hence, our decision – would have been the same even
if we were minded to consider the appellant’s present application for a
declaration, we would go _further_ and observe that it would be _wholly
improper_ for this court to _even entertain the possibility_ of such a claim
_in the first instance_. To do so would have been to sanction an abuse of the
process of court. As Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) aptly put it in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Haco Far East Pte Ltd v Ong Heh Lai Francis_
[1999] SGHC 152 at [4], “[t]he same party cannot re-litigate the same subject
matter applying the same story by merely changing the title”. Although the
learned Judicial Commissioner’s decision on this point was reversed on appeal
(see [2000] 1 SLR 315), this was from the perspective of application rather
than general principle. In point of fact, and returning to the present
proceedings, notwithstanding the difference in the respective remedies sought
in _PSC v Linda Lai_ and in the employment action, the substantive issue in
both these actions was _whether or not judicial review was available_ in
respect of the termination of the appellant’s employment. _This_ was the nub
of both _PSC v Linda Lai_ _and_ the employment action. The doctrine of _res
judicata_ clearly applied. In this regard, the following observations by Lord
Bridge of Harwich in the House of Lords decision of _Thrasyvoulou v Secretary
of State for the Environment_ [1990] 2 AC 273 at 289 might also be usefully
noted:

The doctrine of res judicata rests on the twin principles which cannot be
better expressed than in terms of the two Latin maxims “interest reipublicae
ut sit finis litium” and “nemo debet bis vexari pro una et eadem causa.” These
principles are of such fundamental importance that they cannot be confined in
their application to litigation in the private law field. They certainly have
their place in criminal law. In principle they must apply equally to
adjudications in the field of public law.

62 But what about the fact that at least one party to the present proceedings
(here, the respondent) was not apparently a party to the earlier litigation?
We have, in fact, touched earlier on the fact that the defendant in _PSC v
Linda Lai_ was the PSC and other government bodies instead of the present
respondent. However, once again, the _substance_ of the matter is crucial and
one has to bear in mind, once again, the application of the doctrine of
“privity of interest” (see [50] above). Further, to allow such an issue to be
litigated, even if we considered that it did not strictly speaking fall within
the purview of the doctrine of _res judicata_ (which we did not), would amount
to an abuse of the process of the court – a doctrine that finds its roots in
the seminal English decision of _Henderson v Henderson_ (1842) 3 Hare 100; 67
ER 313. More recent cases include the Hong Kong Privy Council decision of _Yat
Tung Investment Co Ltd v Dao Heng Bank Ltd_ [1975] AC 581; the English Court
of Appeal decisions of _Greenhalgh v Mallard_ [1947] 2 All ER 255 and _Ashmore
v British Coal Corporation_ [1990] 2 QB 338; as well as the House of Lords
decisions of _Hunter v Chief Constable of the West Midlands Police_ [1982] AC
529 and _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ [2002] 2 AC 1. In _Johnson v Gore Wood &
Co_, Lord Bingham of Cornhill observed (at 31) that what is required is:

[A] broad, merits-based judgment which takes account of the public and private
interests involved and also takes account of all the facts of the case,
focusing attention on the crucial question whether, in all the circumstances,
a party is misusing or abusing the process of the court by seeking to raise
before it the issue which could have been raised before

bearing in mind that:

[A]s one cannot comprehensively list all possible forms of abuse, so one
cannot formulate any hard and fast rule to determine whether, on given facts,
abuse is to be found or not.

There is also the following helpful summary in The Honourable Mr Justice K R
Handley, _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley_ – _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_
(Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996) at p 263:

Where one or more of the parties in the second action was not a successful
party in the first, a second action by an unsuccessful party, who had a proper
opprtunity [_sic_] of being heard in the first may be stayed or dismissed or a
defence struck out as an abuse of process where:

(a) it involves a collateral attack on the earlier decision, especially where
aggravating features are present such as an ulterior purpose, the absence of
fresh evidence or other special circumstances, or prejudicial delay since the
earlier decision;

(b) the later proceedings can be seen to be without merit (frivolous and
vexatious) in the light of the earlier decision, _a fortiori_ where the
parties are the same.

63 Indeed, it has been expressly held that the court will not allow the same
issue to be raised in separate proceedings arising out of identical facts and
dependent on the same evidence, even if such proceedings are between different
parties as to do so would constitute an abuse of the process of the court:
see, for example, the Malaysian High Court decision of _Nanang International
Sdn Bhd v The China Press Bhd_ [1999] 2 MLJ 681 and the Singapore High Court
decision of _Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek_ [2003] 3 SLR 644 at [31] and
[32]. Far from there being “a danger of a party being shut out from bringing
forward a genuine subject of litigation” (_per_ Lord Wilberforce, delivering
the judgment of the Board in the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the
Full Court of the Supreme Court of Queensland) in _Brisbane City Council and
Myer Shopping Centres Pty Ltd v Attorney-General for Queensland_ [1979] AC 411
at 425), the appellant in the present proceedings had in fact already been
afforded a more than ample opportunity to present her case but yet persisted
in attempting to re-litigate her case under yet another guise (reference may
also be made to the House of Lords decision of _The Rev Oswald Joseph Reichel,
Clerk (Pauper) v The Rev John Richard Magrath, Provost of Queen’s College,
Oxford University_ (1889) 14 App Cas 665). Unlike the situation in, for
example, _Gleeson_ ([50] _supra_) or in the decision of this court in _Ching
Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2000] 1 SLR 517, the situation here not only
concerned parties who had a “privity of interest” but also concerned an
attempt by the appellant to re-litigate _identical_ legal issues arising from
_identical_ facts. This was clearly impermissible.

64 Finally, the appellant argued that certain “important” facts and issues had
not been raised before, and considered by, the court in _PSC v Linda Lai_.
These facts and issues, assuming they existed and would be admissible in
evidence, ought to have been raised in the public law action itself. To allow
them to be raised now would be an abuse of the process of the court under the
_broader_ doctrine of _res judicata_ referred to in the preceding two
paragraphs.

65 Although it is, in the light of what we have stated, not critical to our
decision in the present proceedings, we would also observe that the issue as
to whether or not judicial review was available was – unlike _PSC v Linda Lai_
and the present proceedings – _not even an issue to begin with_ in _Ng Hock
Guan_. This was because the plaintiff in _Ng Hock Guan_ was, _unlike the
appellant in the present proceedings_ , a confirmed officer in the public
service. Indeed, he was, at the material time, an officer of approximately a
decade’s standing who also received commendations and promotions for his work.
Hence, we did not see how _Ng Hock Guan_ was relevant to the present
proceedings even if we adopted the most generous and flexible view we could
towards the appellant’s arguments. Similar reasoning would apply to _De Souza_
([60] _supra_), where the plaintiff was also a confirmed police officer with
many commendations and testimonials. The present proceedings are also
distinguishable from the Malaysian Court of Appeal decision of _Abdul Majid
bin Hj Nazardin v Paari Perumal_ [2002] 2 MLJ 640 inasmuch as the claimant in
that case, although neither confirmed nor shown the door after his probation
period, was granted leave as if he were a confirmed employee. More
importantly, the claim in that case was brought for _breach of contract_. As
we have already observed, the appellant in the present proceedings, too, is
entitled to mount her claim in contract.

66 There was, it will be recalled, a third set of paragraphs that were struck
out as being “scandalous”. These included references to, _inter alia_ , the
fact that information regarding the termination of the appellant’s employment
could easily be forwarded to all and sundry in Singapore due to the
pervasiveness of the Internet and hence jeopardising her future; the fact that
the appellant had had a difficult time finding a solicitor to represent her as
the respondent was the Attorney-General; the fact that a new Commissioner of
Lands was appointed as a result of the late President Ong Teng Cheong’s
alleged complaints about delays and backlogs; and the fact that the
appellant’s actions were directed not against the Government as such but,
rather, at a few civil servants who had (in her view) abused their power.

67 In determining whether this third set of paragraphs was “scandalous”, the
sole question was whether or not the matter alleged to be scandalous had a
tendency to show the truth of any allegation material to the relief sought:
see _Christie v Christie_ (1872–1873) LR 8 Ch App 499 at 503 (_per_ Lord
Selborne LC).

68 We have already seen that the appellant was not entitled to seek relief
under the rubric of administrative law. Her rights lay, if at all, in the
sphere of contract law. Looked at in this light, it is clear, in our view,
that the material contained in this third set of paragraphs is clearly
irrelevant to the appellant’s contractual claim. Such material was in fact
clearly intended to garner sympathy for herself (the appellant) whilst
simultaneously casting what are in our view needless aspersions on her former
superiors. The reference to the late President Ong Teng Cheong was
particularly objectionable. As was held by T S Sinnathuray J in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Pertamina v Kartika Ratna Thahir_ [1982–1983] SLR 351
at 361, [39]:

[G]enerally it is not proper to use the names of third parties in public
proceedings, particularly when they are public officers or well-known and
influential persons without scrupulously observing the rules of pleading and
justifying the relevance of references to such persons.

It is clear, in our view, that this set of paragraphs was clearly scandalous
and was therefore correctly struck out.

69 Drawing the various threads of analyses together, it is our view that the
chances of the appeal succeeding were negligible at best. Indeed, we would
venture to go so far as to say that the chances were “hopeless”. In this
regard, we find the following observation in _Pearson_ ([45] _supra_ at 218,
[17]) of equal – if not more – importance when viewed in the context of the
present proceedings:

In particular, the chances of the appeal succeeding should be considered, as
_it would be a waste of time for all concerned if time is extended when the
appeal is utterly hopeless_. [emphasis added]

70 We turn, finally, to the fourth factor: Whether or not prejudice would
result to the respondent in the present proceedings. In this regard, “[s]ome
form of irreversible or permanent change of position” by the respondent in
reliance on the judgment below is required: see _AD v AE_ ([45] _supra_ at
[14]). We found that should an extension of time be granted to the appellant,
no such prejudice would in fact result to the respondent.

71 However, it is clear that, taking all the circumstances as a whole and the
application of the first three factors in particular, there were no grounds to
merit the exercise of this court’s discretion to grant an extension of time to
file and serve the Notice of Appeal out of time.

**Conclusion**

72 Leaving aside (for reasons set out above) the issue as to whether or not
the appellant had in fact failed to comply with the requirements under s
34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA, it was clear that the appellant had nevertheless
breached a number of other significant procedural requirements. These were, as
we have seen, not merely technical breaches. Condoning them would entail
substantive injustice as well. And such substantive injustice would have
occurred not merely on the level of the specific facts of the case at hand.
There were inimical consequences on the broader level too. For example, the
appellant would have been allowed to re-litigate matters already decided by
this court in an earlier decision. We accordingly allowed the respondent’s
application and ordered the appellant to pay costs of $1,000 to the
respondent.

73 Indeed, the order of costs against the appellant would ordinarily have been
much higher. But we note that, despite her misguided attempts at seeking to
save costs on appeal as well as reopening issues that she was not legally
entitled to do, it is still possible for the appellant to base a claim by way
of a contractual action. However, the route she insisted upon – that relating
to administrative law – was a clearly inappropriate one, as this court had
earlier held (in _PSC v Linda Lai_). It was inappropriate for the appellant to
seek, in the employment action, to take the same route which this court had
already held was not legally available to her. Hence, those parts of her
Statement of Claim in Suit No 995 of 2004 that sought the inappropriate legal
route by way of administrative law have been struck out. The appellant should
not allow her own emotional feelings to cloud her objective judgment as to the
correct legal procedures to adopt but should, instead, proceed in the
appropriate manner and bring closure to this particular episode in her life.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

