Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Skading Anne v Yeo Kian Seng  
[2005] SGHC 48

Case Number | : | MC Suit 22561/2002, RAS 61/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Chai Kin (Wong Chai Kin) for the plaintiff; Brij Raj Rai and Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Skading Anne — Yeo Kian Seng   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Magistrates’ courts – Plaintiff applying to transfer
action commenced in Magistrate's Court to District Court – Value and extent of
claim exceeding Magistrate's Court's monetary limit – Whether plaintiff
entitled to transfer – Order 89 r 4 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev
Ed), ss 53, 69 Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

8 March 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This appeal, which concerns the transfer of proceedings from the
Magistrate’s Court to the District Court, involves matters of procedure that
are of general interest. On 7 August 2002, the plaintiff commenced proceedings
in the Magistrate’s Court in respect of her claim for damages for personal
injuries sustained on 8 August 1999 as a pillion rider on the defendant’s
motorcycle. On 14 July 2004, the plaintiff applied for her action to be
transferred from the Magistrate’s Court to the District Court on the ground
that the value and extent of her claim for damages were likely to exceed the
Magistrate’s Court monetary limit of $60,000. On 9 November 2004, the district
judge affirmed the decision of the deputy registrar who, on 7 September 2004,
allowed the plaintiff’s application. The defendant has appealed against the
decision of the district judge.

2 Both sides drew my attention to two opposing High Court decisions on the
very same narrow point that is now on appeal. They are _Tan Kok Ing v Tan Swee
Meng_ [2003] 1 SLR 657 (“ _Tan Kok Ing_ ”) and _Rightrac Trading v Ong Soon
Heng_ [2003] 4 SLR 505 (“ _Rightrac_ ”). In both cases, the respective actions
were commenced in the Magistrate’s Court and a transfer of proceedings to the
District Court was duly sought on account of an increase in the quantum of the
claim beyond the monetary limit of the Magistrate’s Court, which is,
currently, $60,000.

3 Counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Wong Chai Kin, argues that _Rightrac_ should
be followed whereas the defendant favours _Tan Kok Ing_. I gather from counsel
for the defendant, Mr Brij Rai, that the deputy registrar and district judge,
when faced with two conflicting decisions of courts of co-ordinate
jurisdiction, applied the general rule of _stare decisis_ and followed
_Rightrac,_ a later decision which had considered _Tan Kok Ing_ : see
_Minister of Pensions v Higham_ [1948] 2 KB 153 _._

4 It is convenient to refer to ss 53 and 69 of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap
321, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) and O 89 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2004 Rev Ed). Section 53 provides:

A Magistrate’s Court may, either of its own motion or on the application of a
party to an action, transfer the action to a District Court on the ground that
some important question of law or fact is likely to arise.

Section 69 reads:

(1) The Rules Committee appointed under section 80(3) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap. 322) may make Rules of Court regulating and prescribing
the procedure and the practice to be followed in the District Courts and the
Magistrates’ Court in the exercise of their civil jurisdiction and any matters
incidental to or relating to any such procedure or practice.

…

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of subsections (1) and (2), the power
to make Rules of Court shall extend to —

…

(b) prescribing the circumstance and procedure by which proceedings may be
transferred from one court to another;

…

Order 89 r 4(1) reads:

Where a Subordinate Court is satisfied that any proceedings in that Court
ought to be tried in some other Subordinate Court, it may order the
proceedings to be transferred to the other Court.

5 In _Tan Kok Ing_ , Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) held that to transfer an
action commenced in the Magistrate’s Court to the District Court, the
plaintiff had to meet the requirements in s 53 of the SCA, _ie_ , that the
proceedings were likely to raise an important question of law or fact. A
transfer of proceedings based purely on the quantum of the claim could not
constitute an “important question of law or fact”. As O 89 r 4(1) was
subsidiary legislation, it could not override s 53 of the SCA. Order 89 r 4(1)
was to be read subject to s 53 of the SCA. Woo JC did not say that O 89 r 4(1)
was _ultra vires_ , but said that it had no application when the reason for
transfer did not involve an important question of law or fact. There was no
inherent jurisdiction in the Magistrate’s Court outside of s 53 of the SCA to
transfer an action commenced in the Magistrate’s Court to the District Court.

6 A year later, Lai Siu Chiu J in _Rightrac_ reviewed the decision of _Tan Kok
Ing._ Lai J, differing from Woo JC, came to the conclusion that an application
to transfer proceedings from the Magistrate’s Court to the District Court on
account of the quantum of the claim exceeding the Magistrate’s Court limit of
$60,000 should be granted under O 89 r 4(1) as of right with the appropriate
costs orders. It was noted that Woo JC had not considered s 69 of SCA. To Lai
J, s 69(3)(b) of the SCA empowered the Rules Committee to prescribe the
circumstances and procedure by which proceedings might be transferred within
the regime of the subordinate courts and the circumstances for transfer were
found in O 89 r 4(1). Above all, s 69 of the SCA was not made subject to s 53
or any other provisions of the SCA. Order 89 r 4(1) would be rendered nugatory
if that sub-rule were to be read subject to s 53 of the SCA.

7 On Woo JC’s reasoning that O 89 r 4(1), being subsidiary legislation, must
be read subject to the provision of s 53 of the SCA, Mr Rai referred me to s
19(c) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,2002 Rev Ed), which states that “no
subsidiary legislation made under an Act shall be inconsistent with the
provisions of any Act”. Counsel also criticises the decision of _Rightrac_. He
points out that _Rightrac_ did not spell out the grounds or factors that must
be satisfied under O 89 r 4(1) for the action to be transferred. Moreover, Lai
J’s explanation on when s 53 applies was difficult to follow. The holding (at
[33]) was that s 53 applied only “where an application is made to transfer a
Magistrate’s Court claim to a District Court when the amount is _below the
current jurisdiction of a District Court_ ” [emphasis added]. Mr Rai submits
that it is not clear when a claim will be considered to be “below the current
jurisdiction of a District Court” in view of the current practice (and the
practice is not disputed by Ms Wong) that even though the claim amount is less
than $60,000, a claimant can commence proceedings in the District Court upon
payment of the requisite stamp fee. On this second criticism, I understand Lai
J as saying that s 53 applies to a case where the claim amount is within the
Magistrate’s Court limit of $60,000, but a transfer to the District Court is
nonetheless necessary as the real controversy between the parties involves an
important question of law or fact which is best determined by the District
Court. Interpreted in this way, there is no conflict between O 89 r 4(1) and s
53 of the SCA.

8 I should first consider the general approach to the transfer of proceedings
from the Magistrate’s Court to the District Court and the statutory powers on
such transfers. At first sight and on the face of it, the transfer is formally
provided for by s 53 of the SCA. I agree with Woo JC that the rule-making body
has no power to override or modify the express provisions of s 53 of the SCA.
At the same time, I can attach to s 69(3) the same importance to which Lai J
gave to it in _Rightrac_. It is under the statutory power drawn from s 69(3)
of the SCA that O 89 r 4(1) is made. Whilst s 69(1) of the Act gives the Rules
Committee appointed under s 80(3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 1999 Rev Ed), a wide power to make rules of procedure or practice in any
case within the cognisance of the district courts and magistrates’ courts,
sub-s (3) of s 69 expressly grants power to the Rules Committee to _prescribe
the circumstances_ by which proceedings may be transferred within the
subordinate courts and to make rules of procedure relating to the transfer.
This additional power was highlighted by Judith Prakash J in _Ong Pang Wee v
Chiltern Park Development Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 267 (“ _Chiltern Park_ ”).

9 While _Chiltern Park_ is not a decision on O 89 r 4(1), the observations of
Prakash J and Chao Hick Tin JA on the sub-rule are instructive and were
referred to by the district judge. Prakash J at [30] noted the “expansive
wording” of s 69(3) and in [31] said, _obiter_ , that “the primary legislation
[_ie_ s 69(3)] has given the Rules Committee power to make secondary
legislation setting out the circumstances in which transfers of cases between
those two regimes inter se can be made”. In exercise of its power, provision
is made in O 89 r 4(1) dealing with the circumstances of transfer, namely
where the court hearing the transfer application is satisfied that the
proceedings initiated in a subordinate court ought to be tried in another
subordinate court. Chao JA, who delivered the dissenting judgment in _Chiltern
Park_ , expressed the view, _obiter_ , that O 89 r 4 (1) was not _ultra vires_
s 69(3)(b) of the SCA. Lai J in _Rightrac_ agreed with his further
observations at [56] of _Chiltern Park_ :

The argument is made that with s 53 of the SCA, a case in the Magistrate’s
Court may only be transferred to be heard by the District Court where “some
important question of law or fact is likely to arise”. I do not think the
existence of s 53 means that in no other circumstances may a case before the
Magistrate’s Court be transferred to be heard in the District Court … To say
that a case in the Magistrate’s Court can only be transferred to the District
Court in the circumstances set out in s 53 would render r 4 of O 89 nugatory.

10 The drafting style adopted by the Rules Committee for O 89 r 4(1) did away
with the need to enumerate the grounds or criteria for transfer. It chose to
use in O 89 r 4(1) broad and general words granting jurisdiction to transfer
proceedings within the subordinate courts whenever it is necessary to do so.
Consequently, the words “important question of law or fact” are not repeated
or reproduced in O 89 r 4(1) and, in my view, it is quite unnecessary to do so
as the wording of O 89 r 4(1) is capable of admitting this as a ground for
transfer. It is the combined effect of s 53 of the SCA and O 89 r 4(1) that is
important. The applicant has to satisfy the court that an important question
of law or fact is likely to arise for determination of the real controversy
between the parties and the proceedings ought to be tried in another
subordinate court. Hence, I respectively depart from Woo JC in his holding
that O 89 r 4(1) must be read subject to s 53.

11 Order 89 r 4(1) provides for the transfer of the proceedings in the
Magistrate’s Court to another subordinate court in which the proceedings
_ought to be tried_ and that could also mean the court in which the
proceedings ought to have been commenced. So, if the wrong court (so to speak)
was chosen in which to initiate proceedings, the plaintiff having overreached
the provisions of s 52(1) of the SCA, the court has jurisdiction to entertain
an application made under O 89 r 4(1) to transfer the proceedings to another
subordinate court. Order 89 rr 4(2) and 4(3) set out the procedure to be
followed.

12 The power to transfer is discretionary. The onus under O 89 r 4(1) is on
the party seeking the transfer to satisfy the court that it is a fit and
proper case for transfer so that the action is tried in an appropriate court.
In other words, the court has to be satisfied on the application that the
transfer is necessary. In this regard, I am unable, with respect, to agree
with Lai J that when an application for transfer is based purely on an
increase in the quantum of damages claimed, the applicant is entitled as of
right to a transfer of proceedings instituted in the Magistrate’s Court to the
District Court.

13 I agree with Woo JC that the plaintiff is not required to justify, at the
hearing of the application for transfer, the quantum claimed. But it by no
means follows that a transfer will be granted in all cases with the singular
feature that the claim amount is likely to exceed the Magistrate’s Court
limit. As the application involves an exercise of discretion, there must be
some valid reason for ordering the transfer. The court’s decision as to
transfer will turn on the interests of justice and the interests of the
parties as well. That means not only balancing the interests of the plaintiff
who wants to continue to pursue her action in the District Court but also the
interests of the defendant who wants to have his liability determined in the
Magistrate’s Court. The court has to take account of any prejudice to the
defendant if the action is transferred.

14 Turning to the facts and matters advanced on this particular application,
there is nothing in the supporting affidavit to tell the court the cause of
the trouble in this case. The plaintiff has not explained why there is a need,
and what has created the situation, for a transfer. The plaintiff applied to
transfer the proceedings almost five years after the accident. She sued the
defendant just short of three years of the accident and for a further two
years, she was content to have the claim tried in the Magistrate’s Court. Ms
Wong did not refute Mr Rai’s contention that nothing new appeared to have
surfaced or developed from looking at the same material that was available to
the plaintiff at the time of issuance of the proceedings in the Magistrate’s
Court. Mr Rai submits that the defendant would be prejudiced if the action is
transferred to the District Court as the claim is already time barred. There
is also no explanation as to why the claim was not initially brought in the
District Court.

15 To conclude, whilst the court has the jurisdiction to entertain the
plaintiff’s application made under O 89 r 4(1), in the particular
circumstances of this case, the discretion should not be exercised to transfer
the proceedings to the District Court. Accordingly, the appeal is allowed with
costs here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

