Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Project Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn (trading as Leong Kwok
Onn & Co)  
[2005] SGCA 38

Case Number | : | CA 1/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hee Theng Fong (Hee Theng Fong and Co) for the appellant; N Sreenivasan and Valerie Ang (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  United Project Consultants Pte Ltd — Leong Kwok Onn (trading as Leong Kwok Onn & Co)   
  
Tort – Negligence – Defences – Company providing tax authority with incorrect
information as regards to directors' fees – Company suing tax agent for
failing to advise company on repercussions of filing inaccurate tax returns –
Whether company's actions so culpable as to attract application of illegality
defence  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether tax agent owing duty of care to
company to warn company of consequences of filing inaccurate tax returns where
tax agent acquiring knowledge of such inaccuracies – Whether tax agent liable
for pure economic loss suffered by company as result of tax agent's failure to
warn company accordingly  
  

16 August 2005

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of Lai Kew Chai J in _United Project
Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn_ [2005] 1 SLR 537 where he rejected the
appellant’s claim against the respondent for negligence and/or breach of
contract in the discharge of the latter’s duties as the appellant’s auditor
and tax agent. We could not agree with the reasoning of the trial judge below
and accordingly allowed the appeal. We now give our reasons.

**The facts**

2 United Project Consultants Pte Ltd (the appellant) is a private limited
company providing, amongst other things, engineering services. Mr Leong Kwok
Onn (the respondent) is a certified public accountant operating under the name
and style of “Leong Kwok Onn & Co”. The respondent was appointed sometime in
1983 by the appellant to act as its auditor and tax agent. He continued to act
in that capacity until the middle of 2000.

3 From its inception in 1983 until some time in 1998, the appellant had
adopted certain practices in relation to the treatment of its directors’ fees
and the tax returns filed in that respect. In the middle of each calendar year
(_ie_ , the close of the appellant’s financial year), the appellant’s board of
directors would determine how much profits were made in the course of the year
and would accordingly declare a certain sum as directors’ fees (“the declared
fees”). However, not all the declared fees were distributed to the directors.
In fact, the appellant only distributed a portion of the declared fees (“the
paid fees”) and retained the difference between the two amounts (“the retained
fees”) in a fixed deposit account to accrue, year on year, subject to any
additional future distributions to its directors. In the appellant’s books,
the retained fees were recorded as a sum owing to the directors. This,
unfortunately, was but one half of the story. What is more significant was the
manner in which the tax returns for the declared fees were filed.

4 At the beginning of each following calendar year, the relevant income tax
forms issued by the appellant to its directors (_ie_ , IR8A forms) only
declared the paid fees that were received by each director and not the
declared fees due to each director. Furthermore, the appellant treated the
whole of the declared fees, whether paid or retained, as a deductible expense
item for the purposes of income tax assessment. The consequence of this
accounting treatment was that neither the appellant nor its directors had to
account to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) for tax on the
retained fees.

5 At all material times, the respondent acted as the auditor of the company
and had, in that capacity, certified that the appellant’s accounts were drawn
up in such a manner as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of
the company at the end of each financial year. In addition, he also attended
to the appellant’s income tax matters, including the filing of the appellant’s
income tax returns (_ie_ , Form C), schedule and computations under the Income
Tax Act (Cap 134, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and statements and correspondence
with IRAS for each year of assessment. At the same time, the respondent acted
as the personal tax agent of Mr Ken Tan, the appellant’s managing director,
and prepared all of his tax declarations, including the filing of his personal
income tax returns (_ie_ , Form B).

6 In 1992, the appellant decided to make an additional allocation of
directors’ fees from the pool of retained fees. The appellant alleged that its
accountant (“Ms Yeo”) had consulted a member of the respondent’s staff (“Ms
Chan”) on how the allocation should be done. Ms Yeo was advised that once the
additional amounts due to each director were determined, such payments should
then be notionally spread over the previous years and retrospective additional
IR8A forms ought to be prepared by the appellant to declare the directors’
fees for each of the respective years.

7 At this juncture, we noted that the respondent had, in his written
submissions, sought to convince us that no such advice was ever rendered by Ms
Chan. In spite of this, the respondent subsequently conceded at the hearing
before us that the meeting in which the advice was rendered had taken place.
However, we felt that nothing turned on this issue and will say nothing more
of it.

8 Returning to the sequence of events, the appellant, having been so advised
by Ms Chan, submitted the relevant forms and paid the additional taxes
accordingly. All this was executed without incurring any adverse comment from
IRAS.

9 This process was repeated a second time in 1997 – again, without attracting
anything untoward from IRAS.

10 However, in July 1998, IRAS queried the appellant about the directors’ fees
declared and received for the year of assessment 1997. This led to the
respondent’s reply to IRAS, on behalf of the appellant, stating that the total
directors’ fees of $2.544m had been declared, and deducted, as an expense for
the year ending 1996 whereas the total amount actually paid to the directors
was $839,500. Further queries by IRAS prompted a meeting between Mr Ken Tan,
Ms Yeo and the respondent. At this meeting, the respondent advised the
appellant to distribute all the retained fees, amounting to roughly $6.5m, and
to issue additional IR8A forms relating back to the years of assessment 1990
to 1997. This was done and IRAS subsequently imposed a penalty of $1.707m on
the appellant, which was the same amount as the tax payable.

**The trial in the court below**

11 The appellant commenced its claim against the respondent, seeking
compensation for losses which it had allegedly suffered by reason of the
breach of contractual duty under the retainer and/or breach of a similar duty
in tort.

12 The respondent sought, in his defence, to raise four contentions. These
were set out by the trial judge in [3] of his judgment as such: Firstly, it
was contended that there was in the circumstances no duty in law for the
respondent to discover and consequently advise the appellant not to breach the
Act in relation to the issue of IR8A forms. Secondly, if there was such a
duty, there was no breach. Thirdly, if there was such a duty and there was a
breach, such breach did not cause the loss. Fourthly, whether the appellant
was barred from recovering any damages by operation of the maxim _ex turpi
causa non oritur actio_.

13 In deciding whether the respondent had breached his duty to the appellant
as its auditor and tax agent, the trial judge noted that the respondent, in
conducting the annual audit of the appellant’s accounts and in submitting the
appellant’s Form C, was not required to know the distribution of directors’
fees. The trial judge also observed that the respondent only received from the
appellant the IR8A forms for Mr Ken Tan and not the other directors. It was
further brought to his attention that, as a practical aspect, the respondent’s
involvement as an auditor took place in the middle of the calendar year,
whereas his duties as tax agent occurred at the start of the following
calendar year. Therefore, the treatment of the director’s fees as a company
expense and the manner in which the directors had declared their income for
tax assessment were not reviewed concurrently.

14 Given the various factors above, the trial judge concluded that it would be
unreasonable and unjust to impose on the respondent a duty to discover the
issuance of incorrect IR8A forms. Consequently, there was no duty to warn the
appellant of the attendant tax consequences. On the issue of breach, the trial
judge accepted the respondent’s contention that it was the responsibility of
the company, and not the tax agent, to ensure that the IR8A forms reflected
the directors’ declared fees. As the preparation and issue of the IR8A forms
were carried out by the appellant’s internal accountant, and given that there
was no way for the respondent to have known the actual amounts paid out to
each director, there was no breach by the respondent of a duty to detect
errors in the IR8A forms.

15 As for causation, it was held by the trial judge that the respondent had
not caused the loss. He reasoned from the evidence adduced at trial that Mr
Ken Tan and the appellant’s other financial manager, Mr T L Tan, were the
parties responsible for causing the appellant’s loss. They knew what they were
doing and had set out with the objective to minimise tax, take the benefit of
the tax deductions and, unlawfully, evade having to pay tax on the retained
fees. Finally, the trial judge concluded that the defence of _ex turpi causa
non oritur actio_ is not confined to illegal acts but also acts of the
appellant which, although not illegal, are nevertheless regarded as socially
unacceptable. In the premises, he held that there was no basis to award any
remedy to the appellant which would relieve it from the known consequences of
its actions at the expense of the respondent who could not have detected the
breaches and prevented them.

16 The appellant appealed against the whole of the trial judge’s findings.

**The issues on appeal**

17 The issues, as set out by the appellant, were:

(a) whether the respondent, in the circumstances, knew that there were errors
in the directors’ IR8A forms for the calendar years 1990 to 1997;

(b) if so, whether there was a duty imposed upon the respondent to warn the
appellant of the tax consequences and to advise it to issue the proper IR8A
forms to each director;

(c) whether the respondent was in breach of his duty in (b) above;

(d) whether the respondent had caused the penalty imposed by IRAS and
therefore the loss suffered by the appellant; and

(e) whether the appellant should be barred from recovery against the
respondent by virtue of the doctrine of _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_.

**_Knowledge of the error committed by the appellant_**

18 In concluding that the respondent was not under any duty to advise the
appellant or its directors on the tax consequences of providing incorrect
information to IRAS, the trial judge had relied upon two crucial findings of
fact. First, he found that it was the appellant’s responsibility to issue
proper IR8A forms to its directors. Second, the manner in which the
appellant’s directors had apportioned the declared fees was never disclosed to
the respondent and therefore precluded the respondent and his audit team from
knowing whether the figure reflected in Mr Ken Tan’s IR8A form represented the
whole of the declared fees allocated to him.

19 We were of the view that the trial judge’s first finding had little impact
on the issue at hand. The emphasis ought not to be placed on whose
responsibility it was to submit the IR8A forms. Rather, the focus should be on
whether the _circumstances_ were such that it was incumbent on the respondent
to warn the appellant against the consequences of its acts.

20 Before proceeding any further, one should bear in mind the salutary
principle that an appellate court should not interfere with the trial judge’s
finding of fact unless it can be shown that his findings were plainly wrong.
It is only when the lower court’s findings are shown to be unsustainable on
the evidence that an appellate court will be free to evaluate the evidence and
make its own findings: _MK (Project Management) Ltd v Baker Marine Energy Pte
Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR 36.

21 Coming now to the trial judge’s second finding, we noted that the appellant
raised a total of 11 grounds to show that the respondent was, at some point in
time before the intervention of IRAS, aware that the appellant was submitting
incorrect information regarding its tax liabilities. In spite of the
respondent’s attempts to rebut the inference of knowledge in each of the
grounds raised by the appellant, we found that the respondent’s state of
knowledge could clearly be established on a single ground: the respondent’s
submission of Mr Ken Tan’s additional Form B and IR8A in 1993.

22 From the evidence before the trial judge, it could reasonably be inferred
that the respondent was not, until 1993, privy to any information that would
indicate that the appellant had been providing incorrect information to IRAS.
During his appointment as the appellant’s auditor and tax agent from 1983 to
1992, the respondent had only known:

(a) the sum of the declared fees announced each year by the company; and

(b) that the company had a policy of paying its directors a portion of its
declared fees.

On this basis, the respondent correctly treated the declared fees as tax
deductible in the appellant’s Form C.

23 What the respondent did not know was whether the directors themselves were
reporting the whole of their respective portions of the declared fees in their
IR8A forms, or whether they merely declared their paid fees. His knowledge, as
Mr Ken Tan’s tax agent, of the exact amount that the managing director
actually reported did little to shed any light on the situation. There was
just no additional information from which to derive the actual sum declared by
all the directors in their income tax returns. Had the respondent known the
amounts that each director was in fact declaring in his respective Form B, he
would have been able to compare the total of the fees reported to IRAS to the
actual declared fees to determine if any tax was paid for the retained fees.
As things were, this information was not available to him. As such, the
respondent was entitled to assume that the appellant was providing correct
information in the IR8A forms issued to its directors.

24 However, the respondent’s state of knowledge underwent a significant change
as a result of a crucial event. In 1993, the appellant released to its
directors a sizeable portion of the retained fees accumulated from previous
years. This resulted in the appellant issuing additional IR8A forms to its
directors to account for tax payable on the retained fees. In the
circumstances, the respondent, in his capacity as Mr Ken Tan’s tax agent,
received the latter’s additional IR8A that included the following information,
which was eventually forwarded by the respondent to IRAS on 28 January 1993:

V. INCOME _NOT PREVIOUSLY REPORTED_  
---  
Type of Income |  Period |  Taxpayer’s Income $  
Bonus &  
_director’s fees_ |  1988, 1990 &  
1991 |  397,000  
  
[emphasis added]

From the table above, it became very clear that:

(a) Mr Ken Tan had previously failed to report certain income;

(b) the income that had not been reported included director’s fees; and

(c) the director’s fees was for the period spanning 1988 until 1991.

This was irrefutable evidence that the respondent had _actual knowledge_ , as
at 1993, that Mr Ken Tan had previously failed to report the full amount of
the fees declared in his favour. On this basis, we were of the view that the
trial judge’s finding, that the respondent had no knowledge of the fact that
the appellant’s directors were under-reporting their fees in their respective
Form Bs, was unsustainable on the evidence. We found that the respondent did
know, as at early 1993, that some, if not all, of the appellant’s directors
were under-reporting their directors’ fees to IRAS. The significance of this
will become apparent as we address the following issue concerning the duty
owed by the respondent to the appellant.

**_Whether there existed a duty to warn_**

25 As formulated by the appellant, the issue was whether the respondent, in
his capacity as either an auditor or a tax agent, owed the appellant a duty in
contract and/or tort to warn it of the tax consequences of providing incorrect
information to IRAS. While there may be some basis to establish a duty of care
owed by an _auditor_ to warn a client of the incorrect treatment of certain
expense items as tax deductibles, such a claim may ultimately fail on the
issue of causation, for the breach of an auditor’s duties may not be taken as
the dominant cause of the loss suffered by the appellant in the present case.
We do not, however, wish to express any determinate view in this respect as
the appellant’s claim may be disposed of on other grounds.

26 Having observed that the loss claimed by the appellant arose from the
submission of incorrect information to IRAS, we thought it more appropriate to
assess the respondent’s liability in his capacity as a _tax agent_ for the
appellant. We also noted that the appellant, while initially bringing its
claim under the twin heads of breach of contract and/or tort, had chosen in
both its written and oral submissions before us to proceed on the basis of the
latter. As such, the analysis hereafter will proceed on that footing.

27 In determining whether to impose a duty of care in cases such as the
present, where the remedy sought is damages for “pure economic loss”, the
courts have consistently adopted a more restrictive approach. This in turn
must be contrasted to judicial attitudes towards claims in negligence
resulting in damage to the person or property: see _The Sunrise Crane_ [2004]
4 SLR 715. Unfortunately, the ascertainment of the applicable test to
determine if a duty of care arose in such cases is not without difficulty.
Indeed, despite the best efforts by many a distinguished judge to identify the
requisite elements to establish a duty of care in such cases, the authorities
appear to be in a state of confusion.

28 The principle governing liability for pure economic loss was first
established in the landmark decision of the House of Lords in _Hedley Byrne &
Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”). The law
lords in that case had adopted different expressions of the special
relationship required to found liability. Lord Reid (at 486) had stated that
the duty of care would arise “where it is plain that the party seeking
information or advice was trusting the other to exercise such a degree of care
as the circumstances required, where it was reasonable for him to do that, and
where the other gave the information or advice when he _knew or ought to have
known that the inquirer was relying on him_ ” [emphasis added]. Lord Morris,
in turn, declared (at 502) that “it should now be regarded as settled that if
someone possessed of a special skill _undertakes, quite irrespective of
contract, to apply that skill for the assistance of another person who relies
upon such skill_ , a duty of care will arise” [emphasis added]. Lord Devlin,
by contrast, contented himself (at 530) with an inquiry as to “whether there
is an express or implied _undertaking of responsibility_ ” [emphasis added].

29 In _Smith v Eric S Bush_ [1990] 1 AC 831, Lord Templeman identified the
“assumption of responsibility” as the criterion for determining whether a duty
of care arose. However, in that same case, Lord Griffiths doubted the utility
of the “assumption of responsibility” test and, instead, formulated the
threefold test of “foreseeability”, “proximity” and “fairness”.

30 Not long after, in _Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605, the
House of Lords again grappled with the thorny task of determining the
necessary ingredients to establish a duty of care. Lord Bridge of Harwich
observed that the requirements of “proximity” and “fairness” in Lord
Griffiths’ threefold test were “not susceptible of any such precise definition
as would be necessary to give them utility as practical tests, but amount in
effect to little more than convenient labels to attach to the features of
different specific situations which, on a detailed examination of all the
circumstances, the law recognises pragmatically as giving rise to a duty of
care of a given scope”. As such, it was advocated that the traditional
incremental approach be adopted where the law should develop normal categories
of negligence incrementally and by analogy with established categories.

31 _Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145 represented a return
to the former criteria of “reliance” and “assumption of responsibility”.
Having observed that all the law lords in _Hedley Byrne_ had spoken in terms
of one party having assumed or undertaken a responsibility towards the other,
Lord Goff of Chieveley went on to say at 180:

[T]hough _Hedley Byrne_ was concerned with the provision of information and
advice, the example given by Lord Devlin of the relationship between solicitor
and client, and his and Lord Morris’s statements of principle, show that the
principle extends beyond the provision of information and advice to include
the performance of other services. It follows, of course, that although, in
the case of the provision of information and advice, reliance upon it by the
other party will be necessary to establish a cause of action (because
otherwise the negligence will have no causative effect), nevertheless there
may be other circumstances in which there will be the necessary reliance to
give rise to the application of the principle. In particular, as cases
concerned with solicitor and client demonstrate, where the plaintiff entrusts
the defendant with the conduct of his affairs, in general or in particular, he
may be held to have relied on the defendant to exercise due skill and care in
such conduct.

…

and at 181:

[For] if a person assumes responsibility to another in respect of certain
services, there is no reason why he should not be liable in damages for that
other in respect of economic loss which flows from the negligent performance
of those services. It follows that, once the case is identified as falling
within the _Hedley Byrne_ principle, there should be no need to embark upon
any further enquiry whether it is “fair, just and reasonable” to impose
liability for economic loss.

32 So it would seem, in so far as English case law is concerned, that there
are now three approaches to determine whether a duty of care arose where the
loss suffered was pure economic loss:

(a) the threefold test of “foreseeability”, “proximity” and “fairness”;

(b) the incremental approach; and

(c) the test of assumption of responsibility.

33 The confusion, however, does not stop there. Subsequent cases have not only
failed to determine the appropriate test to adopt, but have exacerbated the
state of affairs by choosing to apply all three tests in turn. In _Bank of
Credit and Commerce International (Overseas) Ltd v Price Waterhouse (No 2)_
[1998] Lloyd’s Rep Bank 58, Sir Brian Neill, having rehearsed the
abovementioned tests, went on to comment at [7.19] that:

The fact that these approaches have been used and approved by the House of
Lords in recent years suggests:

(a)  that it may be useful to look at any new set of facts by using each of
the three approaches in turn …

(b)  that if the facts are properly analysed and the policy considerations
correctly evaluated the several approaches will yield the same result.

The same reasoning was employed again by the English Court of Appeal in
_Commissioners for_ _Customs and Excise v Barclays Bank Plc_ [2005] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 165). While the learned authors of _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2000) may find this approach useful in that each test may be
used to check the provisional conclusion reached by the application of the
other tests, we found ourselves unable to agree with this state of affairs.
The laws of any country must be sufficiently clear and capable of guiding
parties in the regulation of their affairs. While a measure of uncertainty
will always be present, for that is the consequence of any jurisdiction that
founds its laws upon previously decided cases, it would be undesirable for a
court to refrain from coming down in favour of any particular test when faced
with various alternative approaches: see also Paul Mitchell & Charles Mitchell
(“Negligence Liability for Pure Economic Loss”) (2005) 121 LQR 194.

34 In contrast to the apparent uncertainty emanating from the UK courts, it
would seem that the local approach is comparatively settled. The principles
governing the imposition of a duty of care for pure economic loss were
comprehensively considered by this court in _RSP Architects Planners &
Engineers v MCST Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449 (“ _RSP Architects_ ”). In
that case, L P Thean JA, after conducting a thorough review of all the
authorities emanating from various Commonwealth jurisdictions, arrived at the
following conclusion at [31]:

Stripped of the verbiage, the crux of such approach is no more than this: the
court first examines and considers the facts and factors to determine whether
there is sufficient degree of proximity in the relationship between the party
who has sustained the loss and the party who is said to have caused the loss
which would give rise to a duty of care on the part of the latter to avoid the
kind of loss sustained by the former. … Next, having found such degree of
proximity, the court next considers whether there is any material factor or
policy which precludes such duty from arising.

It was further noted at [42] that:

It is important to understand that the concept of ‘economic loss’, just like
the concept of ‘reliance’ does not run uniformly through the law of
negligence. It may not be considered in abstraction, but must be considered
together with all the other ‘labels’ of liability, such as ‘foreseeablility’,
‘reliance’, and ‘reasonability’. Thus, where the loss is economic in nature,
different requirements are necessary – depending on the nature of the
negligent act or omission – to give rise to liability. As this court
emphasised in _Ocean Front_ [_RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean
Front Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 113], the question is not whether a duty was owed
by A to B, but whether a duty was owed by A to B to avoid the loss incurred by
B.

35 It becomes apparent that this court has regarded the touchstone for
liability to be “proximity”. In essence, before liability may be imposed upon
a defendant for pure economic loss, a court must be satisfied that all the
circumstances of the case give rise to a relationship whereby the defendant
owes a duty to the plaintiff to avoid the particular loss suffered by the
plaintiff. In doing so, the court must likewise be satisfied that there are no
policy reasons why such a duty ought not to be imposed.

36 We should also hasten to add, for the avoidance of doubt, that our
restatement of the principle in _RSP Architects_ should not be construed as
reverting to the two-stage test in _Anns v Merton London Borough Council_
[1978] AC 728. While the two-stage test propounded by Lord Wilberforce sought
to focus entirely on foreseeability as the sole requirement of the first limb,
the “proximity” requirement as understood in _RSP Architects_ purports to
encompass more than just the element of foreseeability. Other factors that
would go towards the establishment of a duty of care would include the
reliance placed upon the defendant’s professed skill, the defendant’s
assumption of duty and the exact relationship between the parties. However, we
do not wish to set down a closed list of factors which a court must consider
as each case will inevitably present a multitude of different factors.

37 We are equally aware that the foregoing discussion may be viewed by some as
a mere exercise in semantics and that the various factors discussed may be
nothing more than “labels” that a court chooses to adopt once it has
predetermined that a duty of care must be imposed. Despite the rather
unfortunate usage of the term “label” by Thean JA in _RSP Architects_ , we say
that the factors alluded to are crucial indicators that a court must look for
in order to satisfy itself that there exist circumstances which justify the
imposition of a duty of care.

38 Accordingly, we applied the local test of “proximity” and “policy” to
determine if the respondent, in the present case, should be under a duty of
care to avoid the loss that the appellant suffered.

39 From the facts, we were satisfied that the respondent would have foreseen
the loss suffered by the appellant. In this, we noted that the respondent
himself had admitted that he would have foreseen the loss if he had been in
possession of actual knowledge that the appellant was giving false
information. As we have found that the respondent, as of 1993, had in fact
acquired the necessary knowledge of the appellant’s conduct, the irresistible
conclusion is that he should have foreseen the loss that the appellant would
eventually suffer, _ie_ , the penalty imposed by IRAS.

40 The respondent had also stated in unequivocal terms in his submissions that
his duties as a tax agent were to “file the appellant’s tax returns and to
_ensure that the returns complied with the requirements_ under the Income Tax
Act” [emphasis added]. Clearly the respondent had been engaged as a
professional to assist the appellant in the filing of its tax returns and, to
that end, must be taken to have assumed some responsibility to that effect.
The question was whether the duty to warn fell within the ambit of that
responsibility.

41 In attempting to exculpate himself from his responsibilities, the
respondent sought to impress upon us that his duties as a tax agent did not
extend to questioning the veracity of the IR8A forms provided to him by the
appellant. While it must be conceded that a professional will, in the course
of his engagement, have to rely upon the accuracy of the information provided
by the client, it cannot be right to treat a professional tax agent as a mere
form filler. As was observed by Denning LJ in _Fomento (Sterling Area) Ltd v
Selsdon Fountain Pen Co Ltd_ [1958] 1 WLR 45 at 61, a case concerning auditors
duties

An auditor is not to be confined to the mechanics of checking vouchers and
making arithmetical computations. He is not to be written off as a
professional “adder-upper and subcontractor”. His vital task is to take care
to see that errors are not made, be they errors of computation, or errors of
omission or commission, or downright untruths. To perform his task properly,
he must come to it with an inquiring mind – not suspicious of dishonesty, I
agree – but suspecting that someone may have made a mistake somewhere and that
a check must be made to ensure that there has been none.

The same reasoning applies, with the necessary adjustments, to a professional
tax agent. His responsibility is to ensure that his client does not submit
incorrect tax returns. Where some form of mistake has been brought to his
attention, he cannot remain strongly silent and seek to exculpate himself by
saying that the company was the one responsible for providing him with
accurate information. He must take action, which includes making the necessary
inquiries and warning the relevant persons in charge of the management or
accounts of the company. If it were not so, then the rationale for retaining
the services of a professional tax agent would be rendered redundant.

42 There are also no policy reasons why a duty to warn should not be imposed
on the respondent. First, it was conceded by the respondent’s own expert
witness that, had he known that no tax was paid on the retained fees in the
past, he would have warned the directors to declare their income correctly and
would further have advised the company to issue the proper IR8A forms. Second,
it is common sense that a tax agent who is a certified public accountant
should warn his client of the possible penalties that IRAS would impose if he
knows that his client is submitting incorrect tax information. To this end,
the observations made by Bollen J in the Australian decision of _Walker v
Hungerfords_ (1987) 44 SASR 532 at 540 and 542 are instructive:

As I have said, the defendants, [who were tax agents], say that in the
circumstances of their contract they were entitled to rely on the information
which [an employee of the company] gave them. _That submission pressed to a
conclusion suggests that there was very little duty which the defendants owed
to the plaintiffs. But that can hardly be correct._ _Accountants engaged to
prepare taxation returns must owe some duty to their clients to prepare
correct returns._ That duty must require the accountants to make some enquiry
to be sure that they have got the correct information.

…

[T]he defendants’ contract or relationship with the plaintiffs called upon the
defendants to _take reasonable steps to submit accurate returns disclosing
correct taxable income_ … The defendants were not called upon to act with
perfection. The mere fact that an error might appear in the returns does not
necessarily mean or connote breach of contract or negligence. It depends on
the circumstances. Reasonable care, the care to be expected of reasonably
prudent and careful accountants, was all that was required of the defendants.

[emphasis added]

43 For all the reasons above, we found that the respondent had been employed
as a professional to ensure that the appellant’s tax returns were filed
correctly and, further, that he was under a duty to warn of inaccuracies in
the filing of tax returns should he acquire any knowledge to that effect.

**_Whether there was a breach of duty_**

44 As of 1993, the respondent knew of the manner in which the appellant had
declared its taxes. The respondent, however, failed to warn the appellant of
the potential consequences that would ensue if IRAS uncovered the mistake. The
respondent was therefore, as of 1993, in breach of his duties as a
professional tax agent.

**_Whether the acts of the respondent caused the loss_**

45 The trial judge decided this issue in the respondent’s favour by placing
reliance on his finding that the respondent was, at all times, unaware of the
manner in which the appellant’s directors were reporting their tax returns. He
found the appellant’s acts to be the sole product of its directors’
machinations and that the appellant alone had caused the penalty imposed by
IRAS. In view of our finding that the respondent knew of the appellant’s
conduct, the trial judge’s conclusion cannot be sustained.

46 In _Sasea Finance Ltd v KPMG_ [2000] 1 All ER 676, the English Court of
Appeal held that it was an auditor’s duty to warn either the directors or some
relevant third party of any irregularity or fraud likely to result in material
loss to the company with a reasonable amount of promptitude. More relevant to
the present case are the Court of Appeal’s observations pertaining to
causation. It was held that where the loss was incurred in the course of
activity in which the professional was under a duty to warn against, the fact
that similar irregularities had occurred in the past could hardly be used to
narrow the scope of the professional’s duties to his client.

47 We found ourselves in agreement with the abovementioned reasoning. The
appellant’s loss was actuated by the negligence of the respondent. While it
may be countenanced that any loss flowing from the conduct of the appellant
prior to 1993 was the result of its own failings, the cause for the loss
thereafter was due to the imposition of, and subsequent failure in, the
respondent’s duty as tax agent.

**_Whether the defence of illegality was applicable_**

48 Central to this issue was the respondent’s contention that the appellant’s
claim was barred by the latter’s commission of a statutory offence, in other
words, an illegal act, under the Act. As a result of the illegal act, the
respondent sought shelter under the maxim _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_
(“the illegality defence”), or, as Lord Mansfield CJ had put it in the
celebrated case of _Holman v Johnson_ (1775) 1 Cowp 341; 98 ER 1120 at 1121,
“no court will lend its aid to a man who founds his cause of action upon an
immoral act or an illegal act”.

49 The trial judge premised his rejection of the appellant’s claim on the
basis that to do otherwise was “to award [a] remedy to the [appellant] which
would relieve it from the known consequences of its actions at the expense of
the [respondent] who could not have detected the breaches and prevented them”.
As it has now been established that the respondent did have knowledge of the
breaches and was under a duty to prevent them, the issue of illegality had to
be considered afresh.

50 In doing so, we wished to focus on two aspects of the defence. These would
be:

(a) the nature of the illegal acts contemplated in the illegality defence, and

(b) the fact that the loss suffered by the appellant was exactly the kind that
the respondent was under a duty to prevent.

_The nature of the appellant’s illegal act_

51 Before deciding whether the respondent in the present case could rely upon
the illegality defence, the ambit of such a defence must first be appreciated.
This requires an understanding of the kind of “ _turpi_ ” or turpitude which
would invoke the operation of the illegality defence.

52 At first blush, the terms “ _ex turpi causa_ ” and “illegality” carry with
them criminal connotations. But while the facts in most tort cases which
discuss the illegality defence would often concern some form of criminal
conduct on the part of the plaintiff, other cases have indicated that this did
not convey the full potential range of the defence. In _Euro-Diam Ltd v
Bathurst_ [1990] 1 QB 1, a case considered in the court below, Kerr LJ
reaffirmed the statement by Lord Mansfield in _Holman v Johnson_ that the _ex
turpi causa_ defence was applicable to a plaintiff who was “guilty of illegal
(or immoral) conduct”. _Euro-Diam Ltd v Bathurst_ was considered in the recent
UK Law Commission Consultation Paper No 160 on “The Illegality Defence in
Tort” where it was observed that the “the operation of the illegality doctrine
in tort cases is not confined to criminal illegality, but in principle can
include other forms of reprehensible or grossly immoral conduct”. As such, the
Law Commission took the view that the illegality defence would include
criminal wrongs, civil wrongs and immoral behaviour.

53 There appears to be only two strands of cases where the illegality defence
has arisen in the context of acts that were _not_ considered criminal. The
first concerned the case of _Hegarty v Shine_ (1878) 14 Cox CC 145 where the
claimant had contracted venereal disease from her lover with whom she had been
cohabiting. The Scottish Court of Appeal rejected her claim for assault on the
basis that the relationship was immoral. The second line of cases concerned
claims made by the dependants of persons who had committed suicide while in
police custody: see _Kirkham v Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester
Police_ [1990] 2 QB 283 and _Reeves v Commissioner of Police of the
Metropolis_ [1999] QB 169. It should be noted that suicide was decriminalised
in the UK at that time. In both cases, the illegality defence was
unsuccessful.

54 What appears from the above discourse is that the illegality defence is
commonly invoked where there is some form of culpability on the part of the
plaintiff. In instances where the act of the plaintiff had been criminal, the
illegality defence was readily invoked. The same was done where the conduct of
the plaintiff was, at the time, considered morally reprehensible.

55 As stated in the appellant’s submissions, the appellant had been fined once
in respect of the tax payable for the sums previously under-declared. This
penalty appears to coincide with that provided in s 95(1) of the Act which
describes the offence of making incorrect tax returns by omitting or
understating income, or by providing incorrect information in relation to
matters affecting tax liability. This is in stark contrast to the punitive
provisions such as ss 95(2) and 96(1) of the Act, which provide for the
offences of negligent omission or understatement of income and the deliberate
evasion of tax respectively. The latter provisions also provide for a fine and
the potential imposition of a custodial sentence. It would seem, therefore,
that the appellant was merely penalised for a lesser statutory offence.

56 Furthermore, the trial judge had formed the view that the appellant had,
through its directors Mr Ken Tan and Mr K L Tan, pursued a course of conduct
with the object of minimising tax and taking the benefit of the tax
deductions. At best, this arose due to an honest misapprehension by the
appellant as to its tax obligations. At worst, all that could be said was that
the appellant saw what it thought was a legitimate way to reduce its tax
liabilities and sought to benefit from the perceived loophole. Either way, it
was a far cry from saying that the appellant had connived to cheat IRAS by
evading tax. This was reinforced by the fact that IRAS itself had merely
penalised the appellant under the lesser provision of s 95(1) of the Act.

57 The conduct of the appellant, in committing a statutory offence, was not
criminal in nature. Nor was it an act that could be classified as
reprehensible or grossly immoral. In short, we were of the view that the
appellant had not engaged in an act that was so culpable as to attract the
application of the illegality defence.

58 Even assuming that we were wrong in our conclusion that the illegality
defence was of no application, we nevertheless found that the illegality
defence must fail for the simple reason that the loss suffered by the
appellant was precisely the loss that the respondent was engaged to avoid.

_The appellant’s loss was precisely the kind that the respondent was to
prevent_

59 It is a common enough practice that companies and individuals will employ
professionals or qualified persons who profess specialist skills to assist
them in the execution of certain transactions. Thus, the appellant, as with
any other layperson, should be entitled to rely upon its tax agent to warn it
if the tax agent comes to realise that the appellant had filed its tax returns
wrongly. In other words, one can say that the primary purpose of employing a
tax agent to file one’s taxes is precisely to avoid infringing the statutory
provisions on tax reporting and, correspondingly, to avoid any tax penalties
that may be imposed for such infringement.

60 The respondent, however, alleged that the commission by the appellant of a
statutory offence constituted an illegal act that disentitled the latter from
pursuing its claim in tort. This argument placed the proverbial cart before
the horse. On a proper appreciation of the facts, the appellant’s running
afoul of the Act could be attributed solely to the fact that the respondent
had failed in his duty to warn. To allow the respondent to rely upon a
consequence that was directly caused by his own failings and to absolve him
from liability, would be to reward the wrongdoer and punish the innocent
party.

61 An example would, perhaps, be apposite. Suppose a layperson were to employ
the services of a solicitor to execute a trust for the benefit of his
dependants. The solicitor reviews the manner in which the client has
structured his affairs and, whilst realising that there may be a potential
statutory breach for evading stamp duties, chooses to remain quiet. IRAS
subsequently imposes a penalty on the client for failing to pay the requisite
amount of stamp duty. In these circumstances, it cannot be countenanced that
the solicitor was not answerable to the client for having negligently failed
to warn the latter of the potential liability for failure to pay stamp duty
merely because the client had committed a statutory offence.

62 The abovementioned reasoning is not without judicial support. In _Vellino v
Chief Constable of Greater Manchester_ [2002] 1 WLR 218, the claimant had sued
the local police commissioner for injuries sustained in the course of escaping
from police custody. Sedley LJ commented, albeit in a dissenting judgment,
that the “offences committed by the claimant and the defendant, while causally
connected, were not joint”. It was observed that the claimant’s offence, in
jumping out of a window on the second storey of a building to evade arrest,
could be committed only because the constables’ offence, in idly allowing the
claimant to jump out of the window when they knew of his propensity to do so,
had been committed first. This, it was said, was not a scenario that Lord
Mansfield had had in mind when he formulated his test for the illegality
defence. The same court had also decided, in the earlier case of _Reeves v
Commissioner of Police for the Metropolis_ [1999] QB 169 ([53] _supra_), that
the illegality defence could not be afforded to the police, in a situation
concerning a claim by the dependants of a deceased who had committed suicide
in police custody, where the police were aware that the deceased was a suicide
risk. The reason was that the claimant’s conduct was the very act that the
police were under a duty of care to prevent.

63 As the appellant had been penalised for a mistake in filing its tax
returns, an act which resulted from the respondent’s breach of a duty of care
owed to the appellant, we found that the illegality defence could not apply.

**Apportionment of damages and costs**

64 The events that transpired between 1990 till 1998 showed that the
respondent had no knowledge of the appellant’s actions for the years of
assessment 1990 to 1992. There was therefore no duty to warn the appellant
and, consequently, no duty to avoid the loss represented by the tax payable
for those years. As of 1993, however, circumstances had changed such as to
impose a duty upon the respondent to warn the appellant of the consequences of
its acts. The loss suffered by the appellant for the following years was
therefore attributable to the respondent. In the premises, we apportioned the
damages in the following manner:

(a) losses arising from the penalty payable by the appellant for the years of
assessment 1990 to 1992 to be borne by the appellant; and

(b) losses representing the penalty payable by the appellant for the years of
assessment 1993 to 1998 to be borne by the respondent.

The interest earned on the retained fees in the fixed deposit account will be
taken into consideration to reduce the amount of damages payable by the
respondent.

65 The appeal is allowed with costs of 80% here and below to the appellant.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

