Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## UCO Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 65

Case Number | : | Suit 1582/2001, RA 257/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bazul Ashhab (T S Oon and Bazul) for the plaintiff; Toh Kian Sing and John Seow (Rajah and Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  UCO Bank — Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd   
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Bills of lading – Bills of lading as contract of
carriage – Plaintiff bringing action under contracts of carriage against
defendant – Bills of lading not indorsed by shippers before delivery – Whether
plaintiff entitled to bring actions under contracts of carriage – Whether
plaintiff lawful holder of bills of lading – Section 5(2) Bills of Lading Act
(Cap 384, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

5 April 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The preliminary issue in this appeal, although limited to whether the
plaintiff, UCO Bank (“the bank”), has title to sue in contract the defendant
shipowner, Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd, raised some interesting legal
points of general interest.

2 The claims in this action based on contract concerned four shipments of
Sarawak round logs that were carried on board the defendant’s vessel, the
_Asean Pioneer_ , on a voyage from various East Malaysian ports to Kandla,
India, in the year 2000/2001 (“the four shipments”). The defendant issued four
bills of lading, namely, SYT/2300, AP/MW/01, BW/066/2000 and RW/044/2000
covering the four shipments (“the original bills”). The original bills were
dated between 22 and 31 December 2000. The buyers of the logs were SOM
International Pte Ltd (“SOM”). SOM was a banking customer of the plaintiff.
The four shipments were financed by way of irrevocable letters of credit
opened by SOM with the plaintiff. At the same time, the letters of credit
could also operate as a negotiation credit. One letter of credit (which was in
favour of Bo Lu International Trading & Investments Co Ltd) contained the
bank’s engagement in the negotiation credit towards the drawers, indorsers and
_bona fide_ holders of drafts drawn under the credit. In two of the letters of
credit, the negotiation credit was addressed to banks in Malaysia generally.
On all three letters of credit was a statement that “Negotiations under this
credit are unrestricted.” The credit was subject to the provisions of the
Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision) (“UCP
500”).

3 The shippers named on the original bills were Shin Yang Trading Sdn Bhd,
Millenwood Sdn Bhd, The Sarawak Company (1959) Sdn Bhd and Rapid Wealth Sdn
Bhd. All original bills were made out to “the order of UCO Bank” and the
notify party was named as SOM and UCO Bank.

4 On or about 15 January 2001, the vessel arrived at Kandla, India. It
transpired that SOM had arranged with the defendant to issue switch bills of
lading for the four shipments. SOM was named as “shipper” on the switch bills
of lading. The switch bills were endorsed by SOM and presented by the end
receivers to take delivery of the logs. Delivery of the logs was given to the
end receivers between 15 and 25 January 2001. Notably, the defendant had
issued the switch bills without first retrieving the original bills for
cancellation. SOM had apparently promised to return the original bills and had
provided a letter of undertaking to the defendant for this purpose. It was not
the defendant’s case (and rightly so) that the switch bills had displaced the
original bills. So the plaintiff sued the defendant on the original bills for
US$556,514.08 contending that the defendant had delivered the logs in India
without production of the original bills, which had all the time been in the
plaintiff’s possession as consignees and/or lawful holders.

5  Section 2(1)(a) of the Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) transfers rights of action under the contract of carriage to the lawful
holder of a bill of lading. It was common ground between the parties that if
the bank was not a “lawful holder” of the original bills, the action could
properly be struck out. It was also agreed that the outcome of this appeal
should also determine the fate of the other three similar appeals, namely
Registrar’s Appeal No 252 of 2004 in Suit No 1583 of 2001, Registrar’s Appeal
No 254 of 2004 in Suit No 56 of 2002, Registrar’s Appeal No 255 of 2004 in
Suit No 184 of 2002.

6 Between 2 and 4 January 2001, the shippers/beneficiaries under the letters
of credit presented the relevant drafts and shipping documents to three
branches of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (“HSBC”), namely the
Kowloon Branch, the Bintulu Branch and the Miri Branch. On the plaintiff’s own
evidence, HSBC, as the negotiation-bank, duly negotiated the drafts. It was
HSBC as the negotiation-bank who presented the shipping documents to the
plaintiff as issuing bank. The original bills were forwarded to the plaintiff
without any indorsement, either specifically or in blank. The plaintiff duly
paid HSBC as the negotiation-bank, but SOM did not reimburse the plaintiff at
all.

7 It is convenient to set out the relevant statutory provisions. Section
2(1)(a) of the Act provides that:

Subject to the following provisions of this section, a person who becomes —

(_a_) the lawful holder of a bill of lading;

…

shall (by virtue of becoming the holder of the bill …) have transferred to and
vested in him all rights of suit under the contract of carriage as if he had
been a party to that contract.

8 Section 5(2) of the Act provides:

References in this Act to the holder of a bill of lading are references to any
of the following persons:

(_a_) a person with possession of the bill who, by virtue of being the person
identified in the bill, is the consignee of the goods to which the bill
relates;

(_b_) a person with possession of the bill as a result of the completion, by
delivery of the bill, of any indorsement of the bill or, in the case of a
bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill;

...

and a person shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having become
the lawful holder of a bill of lading wherever he has become the holder of the
bill in good faith.

9 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Bazul Ashhab, submitted that on the facts as
outlined above, the plaintiff became the holder of the original bills as
defined in s 5(2)(a) of the Act. The original bills were made out to the order
of the plaintiff. As such, a mere delivery of the original bills by HSBC was
sufficient to pass possession to the bank. It was not necessary for the
shippers to indorse the original bills before delivery. Accordingly, by reason
of s 2(1) of the Act, the plaintiff was entitled to sue the defendant as
lawful holder of the original bills in contract.

10 On behalf of the defendant, Mr Toh Kian Sing, on the other hand submitted
that only actual possession following indorsement and delivery could render
the plaintiff the lawful holder of the original bills. For this purpose, he
referred me to ss 2(1) and 5(2)(b). The crucial difference here is that the
drafts and shipping documents were, on the plaintiff’s own evidence,
negotiated by HSBC as the negotiation-bank. The shipping documents were not
presented to the plaintiff by the shippers or on their behalf. It was common
ground that the original bills were not indorsed by the shippers to HSBC as
the negotiation-bank either specifically or in blank. As formulated, the
defendant’s case is that s 5(2)(a) was not the applicable provision. In the
absence of an indorsement by the shippers, no rights of suit were transferred
to and vested in the negotiation-bank and the plaintiff in turn was in no
better a position. The plaintiff, therefore, could not bring any action under
the contracts of carriage. The defendant’s case was that the shippers had
title to sue. By s 2(4) of the Act, the shippers could have sued for the
benefit of the bank.

11 In response, Mr Bazul argued that s 5(2)(a) made reference to the consignee
being in “possession” of the bill and nowhere did the subsection call for
direct delivery of the bill by the shipper or on its behalf. The bank had come
into possession of the original bills in good faith having reimbursed HSBC for
the documents. It made no difference to the plaintiff’s case and s 5(2)(a)
applied even with the involvement of HSBC as the negotiation-bank.

12 On their face, the original bills were order bills and were in
conventionally negotiable form. Ordinarily, a bill of lading made out to the
order of the consignee would be capable of transfer by its original holder
(_ie_ , the shipper or on its behalf) to the consignee without any
indorsement: see Charles Debattista, _The Sale of Goods Carried by Sea_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1998) at para 4-29. Following thereon, the consignee
would come within the definition of “holder of a bill of lading” under s
5(2)(a).

13 However, I accepted Mr Toh’s submissions that the imposition of HSBC as the
negotiation-bank would alter the otherwise generally-held view. The bank’s
practice of requiring bills of lading to be made out to its order is a means
of ensuring a contractual right against the carrier. The assurance intended
from the practice is, however, compromised where the documentary credit is a
straight and negotiation credit. The shippers did not use HSBC as their agent
to present the documents for collection of payment. The shippers, having sold
the drafts to HSBC as the negotiation-bank, were not looking to be paid under
the letters of credit by the issuing bank. HSBC, as the negotiation-bank, paid
the shippers. The negotiation-bank’s presentation of the drafts and shipping
documents to the plaintiff for reimbursement was made under a different and
independent contract between HSBC and the plaintiff. In _Credit Agricole
Indosuez v Banque Nationale de Paris_ [2001] 2 SLR 1, Chao Hick Tin JA said at
[16]:

[A] negotiation credit allows the negotiating bank, pending maturity of the
credit to buy over or give value for the documents and drafts drawn by the
beneficiary. The negotiating bank will then be entitled in its own right to
present the document and drafts to the issuing bank and obtain payment at
maturity. This right of the negotiating bank to obtain payment is not defeated
by any fraudulent conduct of the applicant, the beneficiary or any third
party, provided that the negotiating bank takes the documents in good faith
and is not privy to, or has knowledge of, the fraud: see art 14(a) of UCP
[500].

14 There is nothing in principle against the shippers indorsing and delivering
the original bills to HSBC even though they were initially made out to the
order of the bank. The rationale is that the consignee is not a party to the
contract of carriage evidenced by the bill of lading; the mere naming of a
party in the bill as consignee gives that party so named no rights under the
contract: see _Carver on Bills of Lading_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1st Ed, 2001) at
para 1-012, citing _Elder Dempster Lines v Zaki Ishag (The Lycaon)_ [1983] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 548. A bill of lading made out to the order of a consignee can be
varied by indorsement. The Act seems to contemplate the possibility of more
than one consignee being named. Indeed, s 5(3) of the Act contemplates a
change in the named consignee. The subsection provides that a person may be
“identified by a description which allows for the identity of the person in
question to be varied, in accordance with the terms of the document, after its
issue”. The consequence of the shipper changing the named consignee by
indorsement is that a bill of lading made out to order of a consignee may be
varied by indorsement so as to take the case out of s 5(2)(a) into s 5(2)(b):
_Carver on Bills of Lading_ at para 5-014.

15 For the purposes of the Act, in the hands of HSBC (neither as consignee or
indorsee), the original bills would not fit within the definition of “bill of
lading” in s 1(2) although they were described as such by name. It is because
they were “incapable of transfer either by indorsement or, as a bearer bill,
by delivery without indorsement”. As they would not count as “bills of
lading”, they could not be the means upon which rights of action could be
transferred under the Act. HSBC would not have qualified as a holder so much
so that when HSBC sent the documents to the plaintiff, it was not passing on
anything like a “bill of lading” as defined by s 1(2)(a). Section 5(1) states
that in the Act, “bill of lading” is to be construed in accordance with s 1.
The presentation of the shipping documents to the plaintiff would equally have
been incompetent and hence ineffective. In my judgment, the situation does not
right itself just because the plaintiff happened to be named consignee
(bearing in mind the rationale explained in [14] above) and have the documents
in hand. Such a result (serendipity if anything) would run counter to two
incontrovertible features in the case. First, the shippers never intended to
part with the shipping documents with the intention that HSBC was to collect
payment on their behalf. They parted with the shipping documents to the
negotiation-bank who bought the documents. Second, without any indorsement,
the right of action against the defendant remained firmly with the shippers.
It follows that the plaintiff would likewise not be a holder within s 5(2)(a)
or 5(2)(b) so that no rights under the contracts of carriage could pass to the
plaintiff by virtue of s 2(1)(a).

16 Title to sue derives from enquiring whether the bill of lading is lawfully
held. A holder is defined in s 5(2). Mr Toh rightly pointed out that s 2(1)
speaks of a person who “becomes” a lawful holder and “by virtue of becoming
the holder of the bill” shall have transferred and vested in him all rights of
suit. The language used requires a consideration of how the bill was acquired.
In my view, it would not be putting a gloss on the wording of s 5(2)(a) where
an inquiry as to how the bill of lading was acquired leads to the conclusion
that there was no delivery of the bill of lading by the shipper or on its
behalf. Section 5(2)(a) speaks of “possession of the bill” and this can be
read to imply that delivery of the bill is required.

17 An original shipper who is party to a contract contained in or evidenced by
a bill of lading remains entitled to all the rights thereunder until he
effects a transfer of it to a “lawful holder” of the bill of lading whereupon
he is divested of his rights. This can be read to imply that the initial
delivery in the case of s 5(2)(a) would be from the shipper or on the
shipper’s behalf to the named consignee. On the facts of this case, the
original bills were not transferred from or delivered by the shippers to the
plaintiff nor was HSBC acting on the shippers’ behalf when the original bills
were presented to and accepted by the plaintiff. In the absence of any
indorsement by the shippers, s 5(2)(b) also did not apply.

18 Senior Assistant Registrar Ms Thian Yee Sze decided that in the
circumstances of this case the bank never became a holder of the original
bills. Ms Thian concluded from her reading of _East West Corporation v DKBS
1912_ [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 239 (“ _East West Corporation_ ”) and _The_ _Aegean
Sea_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 39 (“ _The Aegean Sea_ ”), that there was an
underlying assumption that delivery to the named consignee in s 5(2)(a) or the
indorsee in s 5(2)(b) was to be made by the shipper in s 5(2)(a) and the
indorser in s 5(2)(b). She said that the delivery must be made by the shipper,
and not by any intermediary party. Accordingly, she found that s 5(2)(a) was
not applicable to this case.

19 In _East West Corporation_ , the bills of lading were made to the order of
Chilean banks (the named consignees) for the purpose of collecting payment for
the shippers. The bills of ladings were indorsed and then delivered to the
Chilean bank by the shippers’ bank, Wing Hang Bank, in Hong Kong under the
authority of the shippers. Wing Hang Bank had no interest in the goods as it
did not provide any financing to the shippers. The sale to the Chilean buyers
was on the basis that cash would be paid against the release to the buyers of
the shipping documents. Eventually, the Chilean banks returned the bills of
lading to the shippers without any indorsement. The English Court of Appeal
held that the shippers could not sue under the contract of carriage as without
an indorsement from the Chilean bank, all rights of suit remained with the
latter. It held that the rights of suit under the contracts of carriage were
transferred to the Chilean banks when they became under s 5(2)(a) holders of
the bills delivered to them by or with the authority of the shippers. _East
West Corporation_ illustrates that the reason for or capacity in which the
consignee came into possession of the bills of lading was not relevant. Of
relevance was the fact that the shippers parted with the bills of lading with
the intention that the Chilean bank should have them.

20 _The_ _Aegean Sea_ is a case on s 5(2)(b) where the intention of the
original holder for the transferee to have the bill of lading was found to be
determinative. In _Voyage Charters_ (LLP, 2nd Ed, 2001), Julian Cooke _et al_
, commenting on _The_ _Aegean Sea_ , said at para 18.83 that under s 5(2)(b)
“[t]here is … a necessary element of intention and an exercise of will by both
transferor and transferee”. Similar observations were also made by _Carver on
Bills of Lading_ ([14] _supra_) at para 5-015, that “any transfer of” a bearer
bill would presumably involve not only the physical receipt of the bill by one
person from another, but also mental elements of the same kind as were in _The
Aegean Sea_ held to be necessary for “delivery”. Thomas J in _The Aegean Sea_
held that “delivery” required more than merely sending the bill from the
transferor to the transferee; such an act must be accompanied by an intention
on the part of the transferor to deliver the bill to the recipient and an
intention on the part of the recipient to accept delivery. In that case, the
owners of the tanker _Aegean Sea_ sued Repsol Petroleum SA (“Repsol”) and
Repsol Oil International Limited (“ROIL”) for an indemnity following the
grounding and destruction of the _Aegean Sea_ and its cargo. The vessel
grounded whilst proceeding to berth at La Coruña. Very substantial claims for
pollution damage from the loss of her cargo of crude oil as well as claims for
salvage services rendered were made against her owners. The owners sought to
recover from ROIL and Repsol the amounts for which claims were brought against
them, together with the value of the vessel, bunkers on board and the freight.
ROIL denied that La Coruña was an unsafe port and blamed the grounding on the
negligence of the master. It was held that Repsol had never become the lawful
holders of the bills of lading. This was because they knew the bills should
have been endorsed to ROIL and not to them because it was ROIL who purchased
the cargo. Furthermore, the delivery which completed the indorsement had to be
made by the indorser and that was not done.

21 For all these reasons, I affirmed the senior assistant registrar’s decision
that the plaintiff was not the lawful holder of the original bills of lading.
I accordingly dismissed the appeal with costs.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

