Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Bintan Lagoon Resort Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 151

Case Number | : | OP 3/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nishith Shetty and Jenny Tsin (Wong Partnership) for the petitioners; Thio Shen Yi and Adrian Tan (TSMP Corporation) for the opposing unsecured creditors; Ashok Kumar and Foo Hsiang Ming (Allen and Gledhill) for the opposing secured creditor; Rebecca Chew, Audrey Ng and Meah Tze Hua (Rajah and Tann) for the company; Cavinder Bull, Sham Sabnani and Benjamin Gaw (Drew and Napier LLC) for the receiver and manager   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Receiver and manager – Judicial management order – Whether
judicial management order should be granted where receiver and manager already
appointed by secured creditor – Whether judicial management order should be
granted on public interest grounds – Section 227B(10) Companies Act (Cap 50,
1994 Rev Ed)  
  

19 August 2005

Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an application by the petitioners for an order, _inter alia_ , that
the respondent company (“the Company”) be placed under judicial management
notwithstanding that a receiver and manager had already been appointed by a
secured creditor, Winners Path Pte Ltd (“Winners Path”), pursuant to a deed of
debenture dated 20 July 1995 executed by the Company secured by a fixed and
floating charge over the Company’s assets. The application was made under s
227B(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

Where a company or its directors (pursuant to a resolution of its members or
the board of directors) or a creditor or creditors (including any contingent
or prospective creditor or creditors or all or any of those parties, together
or separately), pursuant to section 227A, makes an application, by way of
petition, for an order that the company should be placed under the judicial
management of a judicial manager, the Court may make a judicial management
order in relation to the company if, and only if, —

(_a_) it is satisfied that the company is or will be unable to pay its debts;
and

(_b_) it considers that the making of the order would be likely to achieve one
or more of the following purposes, namely:

(i) the survival of the company, or the whole or part of its undertaking as a
going concern;

(ii) the approval under section 210 of a compromise or arrangement between the
company and any such person as are mentioned in that section;

(iii) a more advantageous realisation of the company’s assets would be
effected than on a winding up.

2 Section 227B(5), however, provides that, subject to sub-s (10) of the same
section, the court shall dismiss the petition if it is satisfied that (a) a
receiver and manager has been or will be appointed; or (b) the making of the
order is opposed by a person who has appointed or is entitled to appoint such
a receiver and manager.

3 Subsection (10) provides as follows:

Nothing in this section shall preclude a Court —

(_a_) from making a judicial management order and appointing a judicial
manager _if it considers the public interest so requires_ ; …

[emphasis added]

4 The key question in this petition was therefore whether the public interest
required the judicial management order to be made despite the opposition of
Winners Path. Before answering this question, it is necessary to go into the
background of the case.

**The Company, its shareholders and its subsidiary**

5 The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 6 September 1991 as a holding
company. Its wholly-owned Indonesian subsidiary, PT Bintan Lagoon Resort
Corporation (“PT Bintan Lagoon”) owns and runs the Bintan Lagoon Resort, a
holiday resort in Bintan, Indonesia.

6 The Company’s shareholders are:

(a) SAFE Enterprises Pte Ltd

(b) The Kintetsu Group

(c) PT Buana Megawisatama

(d) Seletar Investments Pte Ltd, the assignee of Temasek Holdings Pte Ltd’s
rights; and

(e) Straits Steamship Co Ltd (now known as Keppel Land (HK) Ltd).

Over the years, the operations of PT Bintan Lagoon have resulted in the
Company accumulating substantial debt. As at 31 December 2003, the Company’s
total liabilities amounted to $152,795,536.

7 The Company is indebted to one of the petitioners, the Post Office Savings
Bank of Singapore (“POSB”) in the sum of $20m under an unsecured medium term
loan facility which matured and became repayable on 15 August 2000. The
remaining petitioners are together owed a sum of $43,200,000 as bondholders
under a bond issue on 22 September 1995. The bond matured on 26 September 2000
but has remained unpaid. Together, the petitioners are owed $63,200,000 which
sum constitutes approximately 41.4% of the total debts of the Company and 66%
of its unsecured debts.

8 Apart from the petitioners, the Company’s other major creditors were a group
of banks (“the Club Lenders”) who had extended the Company a six-year $70m
amortising term loan and guarantee facility. The facility was secured by a
deed of debenture dated 20 July 1995 conferring a fixed and floating charge
over the Company’s assets. When the Company defaulted under the facility, all
but one of the shareholders together formed Winners Path to buy out the Club
Lenders, thereby acquiring their rights and interests under the deed of
debenture, _inter alia_. This was done on or about 13 August 2001 by payment
to the Club Lenders of the amount owing of about $40.16m.

9 At that time the Company was also in default _vis-à-vis_ the petitioners. It
had, on 7 December 2000, made its first restructuring proposal to the
petitioners asking them to hold their hands and not to exercise their strict
legal rights as creditors. The petitioners alleged that the buyout was done in
bad faith and that after leading the petitioners into believing that it would
enter into a restructuring arrangement with them, thereby causing them to hold
their hands for more than four years, the principal shareholders of the
Company (through Winners Path) eventually appointed a receiver and manager to
sell the Bintan Lagoon Resort. The petitioners went into great detail (which
for the purposes of my Grounds of Decision it is unnecessary to repeat) how
successive proposals were put forward and then taken off the table at the
eleventh hour. I should perhaps mention that these allegations of bad faith
were stoutly denied.

10 The Company painted a different picture. According to the Company, from
February 2001, the Company and its shareholders had come under pressure from
the Club Lenders who, through their solicitors, required, amongst other
things, the perfection of certain securities over land in Indonesia and the
payout of overdue interest. Although the Company engaged the Club Lenders in
discussion over restructuring proposals, in the end the Company was unable to
meet the conditions set by the Club Lenders. Thereupon, by a letter of demand
dated 2 July 2001, the Club Lenders’ solicitors threatened legal action
against the Company. Winners Path then bought out the Club Lenders.

11 The Company denied that the buyout was in bad faith and asserted that it
did not in any way prejudice the rights of the petitioners. It asserted that
the buyout was done under pressure from the Club Lenders and was meant to
facilitate the ongoing restructuring negotiations between the Company and its
unsecured creditors. The Company also pointed out that after the petitioners
were informed of the buyout in September 2001, they continued to negotiate
with the Company on the debt restructuring for the next three years. As for
the delay, the Company alleged that the petitioners themselves had contributed
substantially thereto.

12 Owing to what, presumably, they considered to be egregious circumstances,
the petitioners applied for a judicial management order despite (a) a receiver
and manager having been appointed by Winners Path; and (b) s 227B(5) mandating
that in view of such appointment and the objections of Winners Path, the court
should dismiss the petition. It was therefore incumbent upon them to persuade
the court that this was an appropriate case in which the court should exercise
its power under s 227B(10) to appoint a judicial manager on the basis that the
public interest so required. To this end, the petitioners submitted in para 68
of their written submissions as follows:

(a) It is always in the public interest to _rescue companies that have a
decent chance of survival_. This will produce better returns for all creditors
as a whole. This also benefits the Company’s suppliers, customers and
employees.

(b) Although the Petitioners do not dispute Winner’s [_sic_] Path’s security
and their right to appoint [a receiver and manager], the Petitioners submit
that the manner in which _Winner’s Path_ has acquired its security _violates
the rules of fair play and good conscience_. The Petitioners therefore asks
[_sic_] this court to exercise its discretion to ensure that Winner’s Path is
not unfairly advantaged by its acts.

(c) If the [receiver and manager] is allowed to continue in its appointment,
once it has sold the Company’s shares in the P.T. Bintan Lagoon, all that
remains would just be a shell. At that stage, the Company would, in all
probability be wound up. In fact, there is an existing winding up petition
brought by John Hancock Life Assurance Company Ltd and Manulife (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (Companies Winding Up No. 24/2005/T). The Petitioners submit that
there will be _economic, social and political consequences_ of allowing the
Company to be wound up.

[emphasis in original]

13 It will be observed that the test in s 227B(10) is not merely whether it is
in the public interest but whether the court considers that “the public
interest so requires”. The opening words of s 227B(10), which provide that
“[n]othing in this section shall preclude” the court from making a judicial
management order if it considers the public interest so requires, support a
more stringent construction. By reason of those opening words, the court has
an overriding power to make a judicial management order (if it considers the
public interest so requires) notwithstanding that it may not be satisfied that
the making of the order would be likely to achieve one or more of the purposes
set out in s 227B(1): _Re Cosmotron Electronics (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1989]
SLR 251. In other words, the court has the power (if it considers the public
interest so requires) to make a judicial management order even though the
making of such order is unlikely to achieve any of the purposes which, by
virtue of s 227B(1), are prerequisites to the making of such order. Such a
power therefore should not be lightly exercised even if it may be in the
public interest to do so. The court must be of the view that the public
interest so requires; it should not only be opportune but also importunate
that the power be exercised. Thus, even assuming, as the petitioners’ counsel
contended, that it is in the public interest to rescue companies with a decent
chance of survival, that alone is not enough.

14 The question whether the public interest so requires may perhaps best be
answered by considering the likely consequences of not making a judicial
management order. Will a refusal to make such order lead to or allow the
dismemberment or collapse of a company whose failure will have a serious
economic or social impact? The Pan-Electric type of case comes immediately to
mind as a paradigm but I do not suggest that the circumstances need be as dire
nor that the consequences of not granting the order should be as grievous.
What I can say is that the mere fact that amongst the petitioners is a listed
company in Singapore or a statutory body such as the Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore is not enough. If the Company were to fail and the debts owed to
such a petitioner had to be written off, it will be of no great moment.

15 Counsel for the petitioners’ pointed to the “august pedigree” of the
Company in that “[i]t was conceptualised out of the economic cooperation
agreement signed in August 1990 between the governments of the Republic of
Singapore and the Republic of Indonesia to promote the development of the Riau
province in the Republic of Indonesia”. He then contended that the demise of
the Company could be consistent with the vision for a growth triangle with
Bintan. Additionally, it was said that the employees of the resort could lose
their livelihood if the Company were to be wound up. Thus, it was argued that
there would be social, economic and even political repercussions if the
Company were to be wound up.

16 Companies do fail sometimes and often with adverse consequences to
employees, customers and suppliers. It cannot seriously be suggested that the
court should exercise its power under s 227B(10) each time this happens.
Besides, in this present case, any buyer of the resort wishing to continue
operating it will have to offer employment either to the incumbent or new
employees. Arrangements would also need to be made for the continuation of
supplies. The impact of the sale therefore should not be exaggerated.

17 Will there be any “political repercussions”? In my view, it is a gross
exaggeration to suggest that there will be any. The resort was completed and
has been in operation for some years now. The objective of promoting the
development of the Riau province has been advanced whatever the fate of the
Company may be. Leaving aside the question whether it is appropriate to
entertain such considerations, I should state that, in my view, no case was
made out to invoke the court’s power under s 227B(10).

18 This leaves me with the remaining contention – that because the manner in
which Winners Path acquired its security allegedly violated the rules of fair
play and good conscience, the court should act to deny Winners Path its
“unfair advantage”. First of all, it is difficult to understand what unfair
advantage Winners Path acquired. If it is the right to block the appointment
of a judicial manager, this right was acquired when Winners Path paid off the
secured creditors. In the event of a sale of the resort, Winners Path will
recover from the net proceeds of sale only what it paid the secured creditors
and interest thereon, the balance being shared amongst the unsecured
creditors. This is hardly an advantage. Moreover, but for the buyout, the
secured creditors may well have exercised their rights of enforcement even
sooner.

19 The petitioners asserted that by granting indulgence to the Company in the
belief that the Company was serious in putting forward a workable proposal,
they had foregone a chance of a higher percentage of recovery of the sums
owing to them had they enforced their claims earlier.

20 Implicit in this assertion is the allegation that the Company was not
serious in the proposals for restructuring and was merely leading the
petitioners on. I did not think this was made out. As the Company pointed out,
if it did not have any intention to restructure the debts, it would not have
made the attempts to negotiate with the petitioners; all those attempts have
put the Company in no better position than it was in when it became unable to
pay the outstandings owing to the petitioners in August 2000. The parties
negotiated in the hope that the outcome would be more advantageous than if the
petitioners were to enforce recovery of the outstandings. It was only with the
benefit of hindsight that the petitioners asserted that an earlier sale of the
property would have been better.

21 In any event, even if the petitioners’ contention was made out, I did not
consider that this was a case in which the public interest required the
appointment of a judicial manager. In so saying, I did not foreclose the
possibility that the court may in certain egregious circumstances consider
that the public interest requires the making of a judicial management order so
as to redress a grievous wrong.

22 In the result, I held that the petitioners failed to make out a case for
the court’s intervention on the basis that the public interest so required. I
therefore dismissed the petition with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

