Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Teo Chee Seng  
[2005] SGCA 28

Case Number | : | Cr App 3/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheng Howe Ming, Woo Kar Wai and Jason Chan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the appellant; Michael Chia (Sankar Ow and Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Teo Chee Seng   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Respondent convicted of culpable homicide not amounting to murder for causing
death of infant by feeding her medicated oil – Additional charge of
fabricating false evidence taken into consideration for sentencing purposes –
Whether sentence of four years' imprisonment manifestly inadequate – Whether
trial judge justified in departing from sentencing norm  
  

12 May 2005

Tan Lee Meng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The Public Prosecutor appealed against the sentence of four years’
imprisonment imposed in the court below on the respondent, Teo Chee Seng
(“Teo”), who pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder, punishable under s 304 (_b_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed),
for causing the death of Joanna Goh Jia Ying, a female infant aged seven
months. When imposing the sentence, the trial judge took into account a second
charge against Teo for fabricating false evidence by getting another person,
Haidil bin Harun (“Haidil”), to make a false police report, in which Haidil
claimed to have been present when the infant was found unconscious and that it
was he who put medicated oil on the infant’s tongue. We allowed the appeal
against the sentence imposed on Teo and now set out the reasons for our
decision.

2 Teo had been hired as a private investigator by the infant’s mother, Tay
Seoh Hong (“Tay”), to check on the movements of her husband, whom she
suspected of having an affair with another woman. As it turned out, Teo, a
married man with children of his own, fell in love with Tay and they became
lovers. After Tay separated from her husband, Teo’s mother helped Tay look
after the infant.

3 The tragic event occurred on 25 October 2000 when Teo had to look after the
infant for some time. He first drove to a car park at Serangoon Garden Way as
he wanted to buy 4-D tickets. When the infant started crying, he decided to go
to another 4-D outlet at Hougang Central. As the infant was still crying, he
tried to pacify her by feeding her milk but the infant refused to drink the
milk. Teo then applied some “Axe” medicated oil onto the infant’s lips and
nostrils. The infant showed signs of discomfort and the accused assumed that
she felt a burning sensation on her lips and nostrils after the application of
the medicated oil.

4 A little later, Teo shouted at the infant when she began to cry again. This
time, he poured some of the medicated oil into the infant’s mouth. The infant
stopped crying but she moved her tongue in and out of her mouth and groaned in
discomfort. Teo then joined the queue at the 4-D outlet at Hougang Central to
purchase 4-D tickets. While he was in the queue, the infant started to cry.
Teo returned with the infant to his car and tried to feed her milk. When she
refused to drink the milk, he applied medicated oil onto her lips and nostrils
and proceeded to a petrol kiosk to buy some goods, including a bottle of “Axe”
medicated oil because the one that he had was already empty.

5 Teo next drove to the Riverdale Plaza car park and tried to feed the infant
again. When she refused to drink the milk offered to her and cried, he shook
the contents of the new bottle of medicated oil into her mouth. The infant’s
cries became fainter and fainter, her face changed colour, her stomach became
bloated, there was a watery discharge from her nostrils and she retched and
tried very hard to get rid of the poisonous substance from her body before she
finally became unconscious. Teo took the infant and ran to a medical clinic in
the shopping mall. It was then around 5.03pm. An ambulance took the infant to
the KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital, where she was pronounced dead at
6.30pm. Dr Wee Keng Poh, a forensic pathologist, certified that the cause of
death was “acute salicylic acid poisoning”.

6 Teo pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
His counsel pointed out that Teo had a history of “acute situation reaction”
and that he did not intend to kill the infant as he loved her very much. At
the material time, he was involved in his own divorce proceedings and was
suffering from severe acute stress.

7 The trial judge, who noted that the court had a discretion to impose a
sentence of imprisonment for up to ten years, was of the view that this case
warranted a sentence that fell within the mid-range of the specified period of
incarceration. He noted that Teo had not used violence on the child and that
his apparent motive in using the medicated oil was primarily to stop the
child’s incessant crying. As such, he sentenced Teo to a term of imprisonment
of four years.

**The appeal**

8 The Public Prosecutor, who was of the view that Teo’s sentence was
manifestly inadequate for his crime, submitted that the trial judge did not
give sufficient weight to the following factors:

(a) the vulnerability of the deceased;

(b) the manner in which the offence was committed;

(c) the sentencing trend; and

(d) the additional charge faced by Teo with respect to the fabrication of
false evidence.

9 As far as the vulnerability of the deceased is concerned, this court
reiterated in _Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220 that the law recognised
the need to protect vulnerable and defenseless persons such as the
handicapped, incapacitated, elderly and children. We thus agreed that the fact
that the deceased was only seven months old was not given sufficient weight.

10 As for the manner in which the offence was committed, it may be recalled
that the hapless infant’s face changed colour, her stomach became bloated,
there was a watery discharge from her nostrils and she retched and tried very
hard to get rid of the poisonous substance from her body before she finally
became unconscious. Admittedly, Teo did not kick or throw the infant onto the
floor but feeding the helpless infant medicated oil and causing her so much
pain and suffering is not in any way less heinous. Teo had on no less than
four occasions applied medicated oil on the lips, nostrils and mouth of the
infant whenever she cried. He was fully aware of the fact that the infant felt
a burning sensation on her lips and nostrils after he applied it on her on the
first occasion and when he poured medicated oil into the infant’s mouth, he
could see that she moved her tongue in and out of her mouth and groaned in
discomfort. This did not stop him from continuing to put medicated oil on her
lips and nostrils and into her mouth until it was too late.

11 We accept that where the court has a discretion in sentencing an offender,
the sentence meted out in a particular case may vary from that imposed in
other cases because of special circumstances. However, in the present case,
there was nothing to justify a departure from the range of sentences meted out
in other cases involving the death of children, which is more than the four
years of imprisonment imposed on Teo. In many of such cases, the accused were,
like Teo, also irritated by the wailing of children.

12 Three such cases may be noted. In the first case, _PP v Sumarni bte Pono_
Criminal Case No 11 of 2001, the mother of a child, aged two years, was so
incensed by his crying that she carried him from his mattress, which was on
the floor, and lifted him up to the level of her waist before dropping him
onto the mattress. She then pulled his ears and knocked his head several times
against the mattress. She pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(_b_) of the
Penal Code for causing the death of her child and was sentenced to
imprisonment for a term of five years.

13 In the second case, _PP v Dwi Arti Samad_ Criminal Case No 12 of 2000, the
accused, a female aged 22 years, was also irritated by the cries of an infant,
aged 15 months. She picked him up from his pram and dropped him onto the
floor. The child was killed and she pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder. She was sentenced to eight years’
imprisonment.

14 In the third case, _PP v Devadass s/o Suppaiyah_ Criminal Case No 41 of
1997, the accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(_b_) of the Penal
Code. He had held a baby, aged three months, by the neck and slapped him hard
several times for crying. The baby died after being thrown onto a mattress on
the floor. The accused was sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment.

15 When compared to the sentences imposed in the above three cases, the
sentence imposed by the court below in the present case was manifestly
inadequate. Furthermore, it ought not be overlooked that in Teo’s case,
another charge under s 193 of the Penal Code of fabricating false evidence
must be taken into account. Teo’s attempt to deceive the police and subvert
the course of justice by getting another person to take the rap for him was
deplorable. It is trite that the effect of taking into consideration other
offences is to enhance the sentence that would otherwise be awarded (see, for
instance, _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138).

16 Before concluding, a few words ought to be said about what Teo’s counsel
referred to as his “history of acute situational reaction”. There was no
concrete evidence of what effect this had on his actions and we would like to
stress that a person with a history of acute situational reaction cannot be
given a carte blanche to act without taking responsibility for his actions.

17 For the reasons stated, we set aside the sentence imposed by the court
below and substituted it with a sentence of imprisonment for a term of seven
years. The sentence is to be backdated to 30 July 2004.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

