Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Beng Leong v Public Prosecutor (No 2)  
[2005] SGHC 35

Case Number | : | Cr M 1/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mimi Oh (Mimi Oh and Associates) and Ganga d/o Avadiar (Allen and Gledhill) for the applicant; Winston Cheng and Aaron Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ong Beng Leong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Criminal references – Application for
extension of time to file application for criminal reference – Whether High
Court having jurisdiction to grant extension of time – Section 60(2) Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Criminal references – Application for
further stay of sentence pending possible application for criminal reference –
Whether substantive merits of anticipated application relevant consideration –
Section 60(1) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

22 February 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was a criminal motion related to my decision in _Ong Beng Leong v PP_
[2005] SGHC 22. On 11 January 2005, I had dismissed the applicant’s appeal
against his conviction on ten charges of using false documents with intent to
deceive his principal, an offence under s 6(c) of the Prevention of Corruption
Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”). However, I reduced his sentence from six
months’ imprisonment to six weeks’ imprisonment, and allowed it to commence on
11 February 2005, after the Lunar New Year. On 1 February 2005, the applicant
filed the present motion for his sentence to be stayed pending a possible
criminal reference to the Court of Appeal. I dismissed his application and now
give my reasons.

**Application for stay**

2 The applicant had applied for his sentence to be stayed pending the
extraction of the Notes of Evidence and Grounds of Decision of his appeal, in
order to “consider” making an application to refer questions of law to the
Court of Appeal under s 60(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1985 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). Section 60(1) provides that:

**Reference to Court of Appeal of criminal matter determined by High Court in
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction**

60.—(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in the
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, the Judge may on the
application of any party, and shall on the application of the Public
Prosecutor, reserve for the decision of the Court of Appeal any question of
law of public interest which has arisen in the matter and the determination of
which by the Judge has affected the case.

3 I was well aware of the fact that the present motion was not an application
under s 60 of the SCJA, but was merely a request for a stay pending a possible
application under s 60. However, this did not mean that the merits of the
anticipated application under s 60 were irrelevant to my decision in this
case. On the contrary, before I could grant the applicant a further stay on
his sentence, he had to make a good arguable case that there were real
questions of law of public interest that warranted the Court of Appeal’s
intervention. I could not simply accept that he had a substantive case under s
60 and grant him a stay as a matter of course. This would be a recipe for
disaster, as every unsuccessful appellant would just need to make a similar
application – however unmeritorious – to delay the commencement of his
sentence. Before I could grant him a stay, the applicant had to prove that he
had a good arguable case for a criminal reference under s 60.

4 Unfortunately, both of the applicant’s counsel were sorely unprepared to
deal with the merits of his future application under s 60, leaving me to
evaluate the strength of his case from his affidavit alone. The applicant’s
affidavit suggested that he intended to rely on the following questions of law
for his s 60 application:

(a) whether the element of dishonesty is an essential ingredient of the
offence under s 6(c) of the PCA; and

(b) whether the words “or other documents” in s 6(c) refer only to documents
_inter partes_.

5 The principles governing an application under s 60 of the SCJA are well
established: see _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v PP (No 2)_ [1990] SLR 301;
affirmed in [1991] SLR 235; _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 687; _PP
v Bridges Christopher_ [1998] 1 SLR 162. Before an application under s 60 will
be allowed, the following requirements must be satisfied:

(a) there must be a question of law;

(b) the question of law must be one of public interest and not of mere
personal importance to the parties alone;

(c) the question must have arisen in the matter dealt with by the High Court
in the exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction; and

(d) the determination of the question by the High Court must have affected the
outcome of the case.

6 Whether a question of law is of public interest depends on the facts and
circumstances of each case. Even if the above requirements are met, the court
still retains a residual discretion to refuse an application made by any party
other than the Public Prosecutor. I have repeatedly stressed that the
discretion under s 60 of the SCJA must be exercised sparingly. As I explained
in _Ng Ai Tiong v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 358 at [10]:

This is to give recognition and effect to Parliament’s intention for the High
Court to be the final appellate court for criminal cases commenced in the
subordinate courts. The importance of maintaining finality in such proceedings
must not be seen to be easily compromised through the use of such a statutory
device. In _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v PP_ [1990] SLR 301, 311; [1990] 3
MLJ 275, 280, Chan Sek Keong J [as he then was] had cautioned aptly that:

[Section 60, SCJA] is not an ordinary appeal provision to argue points of law
which are settled or novel points which can be decided by the application or
extension of established principles of law or the application of statutory
provisions which have been authoritatively construed by higher courts.

Hence, it is imperative that s 60 of the SCJA is utilised only in exceptional
cases so as to ensure that the proper purpose of the section is not abused to
serve as a form of ‘backdoor appeal’.

7 With these principles in mind, I turned to consider the possible questions
of law raised by the applicant in his affidavit.

**_First question: element of dishonesty_**

8 In his appeal, the applicant had already canvassed this exact issue before
me. Relying on the following remarks of L P Thean J (as he then was) in
_Knight v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 720 at 728, [20], the applicant sought to argue
that dishonesty was one of the essential elements of an offence under s 6(c)
of the PCA:

The charge under s 6(c) of the Act does not imply any corruption at all. The
word “corruptly” which is present in paras (a) and (b) of s 6 is absent in
para (c). But _the offence under s 6(c) does imply an element of dishonesty.
In effect, it is an offence of cheating under a different statutory
provision._ On the facts admitted by the appellant, he could be charged for
cheating under s 417 or s 420 of the Code. [emphasis added]

9 I had conclusively rejected the applicant’s contention in my earlier Grounds
of Decision, and there was no indication that the applicant had any new
arguments to support his position. On the contrary, his affidavit simply
rehashed the same points that I had already considered and dismissed. From a
careful reading of Thean J’s judgment, it was evident to me that he was merely
remarking on the difference between an offence under s 6(c) of the PCA and the
offences of corruption under ss 6(a) and 6(b), and noting the similarities
between s 6(c) and the cheating offences under the Penal Code. There was no
basis for reading his _obiter dicta_ as authority for the proposition that s
6(c) of the PCA was intended to be a re-enactment of the cheating offences. As
I had reiterated in my earlier Grounds of Decision, the applicant’s position
was unsustainable as a matter of common sense. The offences were clearly
enacted as two separate criminal offences with very different legal elements,
and the applicant failed to offer even a single reason to explain why
Parliament would choose to provide for two separate offences if they were
intended to be identical in every respect, especially when the provisions were
so differently worded.

10 At the end of the day, the applicant could not dispute that s 6(c) made no
mention of “dishonesty” as an element of the offence, and the starting point
for interpreting any statute must be the words of the statute itself. As I had
conclusively dealt with all of the applicant’s arguments in my earlier Grounds
of Decision, there was no real “conflict of authority” as alleged by the
applicant. In the circumstances, I failed to see how this issue raised any
question of law of public interest.

**_Second question:_ inter partes _documents_**

11 The second suggested “question of law” submitted by the applicant was also
a non-issue. It has been established since _Knight v PP_ ([8] _supra_) that,
following the English Court of Appeal’s decision in _R v Tweedie_ [1984] QB
729, the words “or other documents” in s 6(c) of the PCA should be read to
mean _inter partes_ documents. I accepted this in my Grounds of Decision, and
there was therefore no existing question of law for the Court of Appeal to
decide.

12 In so far as the applicant was suggesting that the false quotations in his
case were not _inter partes_ documents, reference need only be made to [36] of
my Grounds of Decision:

It was undisputed that Ong and Khoo of Sin Hiaptat had forged the quotations
before submitting them to TRMC. As there were third parties actively involved
in generating the false documents, the quotations clearly came within the
scope of s 6(c). As Thean J specifically stated at 727, [19] of his judgment
in _Knight v PP_ , the offending documents must be “ _inter partes either in
creation or use_ ”. The highlighted words clearly indicate that third party
involvement in the creation of the false documents is sufficient for a charge
under s 6(c) to be made out.

**_Conclusion_**

13 Counsel for the applicant repeatedly pleaded for my indulgence in allowing
this application, but I failed to see any basis for the grant of a stay. It
would be futile for me to stay the applicant’s sentence, since it was plain
that there were no pressing questions of law of public interest, and any
further application under s 60 of the SCJA would be doomed to failure.

**Application to extend time**

14 Under s 60(2) of the SCJA, an application to refer a question of law to the
Court of Appeal should be filed “within one month _or such longer time as the
Court of Appeal may permit_ ” [emphasis added]. In the same motion before me,
the applicant had also requested for a two-week extension of the one-month
filing period. However, the enphasised words of the provision clearly
indicated that it was for the Court of Appeal to grant any extension of time.

15 Even if I had the jurisdiction to grant an extension of time, there was
simply no reason for me to accord the applicant this further indulgence. The
applicant failed to provide any reasons to explain why the one-month statutory
filing period under the SCJA was insufficient. His appeal was heard on 11
January 2005, and I issued my Grounds of Decision on 1 February 2005. The
applicant had more than a week to peruse the Grounds of Decision and prepare
his contemplated application under s 60. In the circumstances, I saw little
justification in granting him a further two weeks, especially since it
appeared that his s 60 application was plainly unsustainable in any case.

Motion dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

