Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Moganaruban s/o Subramaniam v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | MA 9/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yim SC and Abraham Vergis (Drew and Napier LLC) for the appellant; Han Ming Kuang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Moganaruban s/o Subramaniam — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Complicity – Criminal conspiracy – Appellant convicted of
conspiring to defraud court and insurance companies – Appellant challenging
district judge's findings of fact and assessment of veracity and credibility
of witnesses – Whether procedural irregularities in recording of investigative
statement automatically rendering statement inadmissible – Whether appellant's
conviction should be overturned – Sections 109, 193, 420 Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Appellant
convicted of conspiring to defraud court and insurance companies – Whether
sentence imposed manifestly inadequate – Whether harsh sentence necessary as
deterrent – Factors to be considered in imposing sentence  
  

16 August 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was convicted in the court below of:

(a)  one charge (District Arrest Case No 26638 of 2004) under s 193 read with
s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for conspiring to furnish false
evidence for the purpose of obtaining a grant of letters of administration
(“the first charge”); and

(b)  three charges (District Arrest Cases Nos 26635, 26636 and 26637 of 2004)
under s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code for conspiring to cheat three
insurance companies into disbursing a total of $331,340.95 (“the second to
fourth charges”).

2 The appellant was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for the first charge
and ten months’ imprisonment for the second to fourth charges. The sentence
for the first charge was ordered to run consecutively to the term imposed for
the fourth charge. This amounted to a total of 16 months’ imprisonment.

3 I dismissed the appeal against conviction and enhanced the appellant’s
sentence to a total of 26 months’ imprisonment pursuant to my powers under s
256(_c_) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed). I now set out
my reasons.

**Undisputed facts**

4 This appeal concerned a conspiracy to cheat three insurance companies into
disbursing a total of $331,340.95 in insurance moneys to one Renuga Devi d/o
Sinnadury (“Renuga”), on the false premise that the appellant’s brother,
Gandaruban s/o Subramaniam (“Gandaruban”), had died. Gandaruban left Singapore
sometime after 28 June 1987 to escape his business creditors. On 2 August
1988, Renuga petitioned to the High Court for a Grant of Letters of
Administration. This claim was supported by a death certificate that had
supposedly been issued by the Sri Lankan authorities. The death certificate
indicated that Gandaruban had died on 21 October 1987. In her petition, Renuga
prayed that she and the appellant be allowed to jointly administer
Gandaruban’s estate. In fact, Gandaruban was alive at all material times and
the death certificate was false.

5  Renuga also made claims on three life insurance policies that had been
purchased by Gandaruban before his “death”. The appellant accompanied her to
make these claims, and when the insurance companies eventually disbursed the
money by way of cheques made out to Renuga in May 1989, the appellant was
present as well.

6  Renuga and the appellant opened a joint account on 3 July 1989 and
deposited some of the insurance moneys therein. As either of them was entitled
to make withdrawals from this account, the appellant subsequently made the
following withdrawals:

(a)  $129,525 on 13 November 1990 to pay for a Mercedes Benz for use in
Advance Car Rental, which both the appellant and Renuga were involved in
running (exactly what roles they played within the company was in dispute);

(b)  $47,500 on 19 December 1991;

(c)  $74,500 on 26 February 1992; and

(d)  $50,000 on 29 January 1993.

On 2 November 1991, the appellant also deposited $147,500 into the joint
account. This money was obtained from the sale of the Mercedes Benz bought on
13 November 1990.

7  After faking his death, Gandaruban assumed a false identity and lived in
Sri Lanka. Renuga and their three children paid him several visits. On 22
March 1994, Renuga registered a marriage in Sri Lanka with Gandaruban under
his assumed identity. Their fourth child was subsequently born.

8  On 12 May 2004, Renuga pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiring with
Gandaruban and the appellant to cheat the insurance companies. The rest of the
charges against her were taken into consideration, and she was sentenced to
one-year’s imprisonment. Gandaruban is still at large.

**The trial and decision below**

9  The trial below proceeded on the basis that Gandaruban and Renuga had
committed the underlying principal offences of furnishing false evidence and
making fraudulent insurance claims. The key issue in the trial was thus
whether, at the material times in 1988 and 1999 (during the probate and
insurance proceedings), the appellant knew that Gandaruban was still alive,
and whether he had conspired with Gandaruban and Renuga to perpetrate the
fraud.

10 The Prosecution’s main witness was Renuga, who essentially testified that
the appellant was aware of and complicit in the scam. The Prosecution also
utilised the incriminating evidence of Renuga’s sister, Ranchitha Devi d/o
Sinnaduray (“Ranchitha”), and the statement of Mr Lim Teck Ser (“Lim”), a
friend and former business associate of Gandaruban, taken by the Commercial
Affairs Department (“CAD”). Lim’s CAD statement was tendered pursuant to s
147(3) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

11  The appellant argued that, at the material times, he believed that his
brother was dead, and that he was neither aware of nor involved in the scam.
At the trial below, defence counsel sought to utilise Lim’s sworn testimony,
as well as the testimony of Gandaruban Gantha Ruby (“Ruby”), Gandaruban and
Renuga’s oldest daughter, in order to exculpate the appellant.

12  The district judge found that the Prosecution had proved beyond a
reasonable doubt that the appellant had known of the scam and had actively
participated in its perpetration. In essence, the district judge arrived at
this conclusion by relying on the evidence of Renuga and Ranchitha, whom he
found to be truthful and reliable witnesses. In particular, Renuga’s evidence
that the appellant had co-ordinated with Gandaruban to arrange for Renuga to
give false evidence and submit false insurance claims was accepted, as was
Ranchitha’s corroborating testimony that the appellant had taken Renuga and
the children to Johor Baru to visit Gandaruban on weekends preceding the
insurance payouts.

**The appeal**

13 Before me, counsel for the appellant contended that the district judge had,
firstly, made certain findings of fact without basis and had, secondly, failed
to make other findings of fact that should have been made in the light of the
evidence before him. The appeal against the district judge’s findings was on
the ground that:

(a)  the district judge erred in finding Renuga a truthful and credible
witness, placing undue emphasis on the parts of her testimony that
incriminated the appellant;

(b)  the district judge erred in rejecting the appellant’s testimony and
finding him an unreliable witness;

(c)  the district judge erred in finding that Renuga’s testimony had been
corroborated by Ranchitha;

(d)  the district judge erred by giving undue weight to the CAD statement of
Lim in preference to Lim’s sworn testimony; and

(e)  the district judge erred in law and fact by finding that Ruby was a
partial witness and that her testimony was non-material.

14  I was aware that most of the appellant’s key arguments brought before me
pertained to the district judge’s findings of fact and his assessment of the
veracity and credibility of the witnesses. Before adverting to these
contentions, I reminded myself of the principle that since the district judge
has had the benefit of hearing the evidence of the witnesses and observing
their demeanour, an appellate judge must defer to the findings of fact made by
the district judge which are based on the assessment of witnesses, unless they
are clearly wrong or wholly against the weight of the evidence. Should the
appellate judge wish to reverse the district judge’s decision, he must not
merely entertain doubts as to whether the decision was right, but must be
convinced that it is wrong: _PP v Poh Oh Sim_ [1990] SLR 1047 at 1050, [8];
_PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704 at [21]. However, when it comes to
inferences of facts to be drawn from the actual findings, the appellate judge
is as competent as any trial judge to draw any necessary inferences of fact
from the circumstances of the case: _PP v Choo Thiam Hock_ [1994] 3 SLR 248 at
253, [12]; _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 at [24].

15 Bearing in mind the more limited function that an appellate court may play
in the fact-finding process, the appellant had to do more than highlight
sporadic gaps and inconsistencies in the witnesses’ testimonies. Rather, he
had to convince me that the district judge had clearly made the wrong findings
of fact in the light of all the evidence. After hearing his submissions, I was
of the view that the appellant had not provided me with sufficient reason to
overturn the decision below. I now deal with each ground of appeal in turn.

**_Did the district judge err in finding Renuga a truthful and credible
witness, placing undue emphasis on the parts of her testimony that
incriminated the appellant?_**

_Renuga’s testimony_

16 Renuga was the Prosecution’s chief witness at trial and it was her
testimony that was key in incriminating the appellant. Among other things,
Renuga testified that:

(a) Sometime in or after June 1988, she received a telephone call from
Gandaruban informing her that the appellant would be bringing some documents
for her to sign. After this phone call, the appellant went to Renuga’s house
and she signed the documents.

(b) The appellant subsequently brought Renuga to the High Court to affirm an
affidavit to various insurance companies to make claims and collect the
insurance moneys. Before each trip, Gandaruban would call to inform her of
what was happening. The appellant would then arrive at Renuga’s house without
her having to contact him.

(c) On a number of occasions, the appellant drove Renuga and the children to
see Gandaruban for the weekend in Johor Baru. The appellant would sit and talk
to Gandaruban before returning to Singapore. The appellant would return on
Sunday to bring them home.

(d) The appellant and Lim had on occasion visited Gandaruban in Johor Baru
together.

(e) After Renuga had collected the insurance payouts, Gandaruban instructed
her to open a joint bank account with the appellant and deposit the moneys
therein. Renuga did not make withdrawals from that account. Instead, she and
the children were dependent on a monthly allowance of $1000 provided by the
appellant. Gandaruban arranged for the allowance before he left Singapore in
1987.

(f) Renuga and the children first visited Gandaruban in Sri Lanka in December
1987, a few months after his supposed death. These visits resumed in 1993.
Renuga also testified that the appellant had made all the arrangements for
these trips and had himself visited Gandaruban in Sri Lanka.

_Renuga’s motives and the general tenor of her testimony_

17  Counsel for the appellant spent much time before me averring that Renuga
had the motive to falsely implicate the appellant. According to him, Renuga
nursed a bitter hatred against the appellant’s family, blaming them for
creating a rift between her and the children. She also hated Gandaruban for
having a child with his mistress in Sri Lanka. Additionally, by the time of
the appellant’s trial, Renuga had been sentenced to one year’s imprisonment
for her part in the conspiracy, and she wanted to drag the appellant down with
her.

18 These arguments were also canvassed before the district judge, who found at
[81] of his grounds of decision ([2005] SGDC 78) that:

[T]here is no basis for a submission that Renuga had given false evidence out
of spite and dissatisfaction against her husband, her in-laws and the Accused
[the appellant]. Firstly Renuga had denied implicating the Accused on account
of her unhappiness with Gandaruban for having a mistress and a child. As for
her relationship with her in-laws, Renuga frankly admitted that (a) she did
not get along well with them because of differences in thinking, (b) she felt
that the Accused and the in-laws were unfair to her, and (c) she disliked the
Accused and her in-laws for sowing discord between the children and her.
However, Renuga stated affirmatively that falsely implicating the Accused was
not the way to get her children back.

19 In accepting Renuga’s evidence, the district judge was impressed by
Renuga’s candour, and noted that her testimony was not in any way embellished
or slanted against the appellant. The district judge also observed at [82]
that:

If indeed Renuga had wanted to falsely incriminate the Accused, one would have
expected her to portray the latter in a more sinister light … [yet] [i]t is
clear from Renuga’s evidence that the mastermind of the scam was Gandaruban,
not the Accused.

20 After careful scrutiny of the notes of evidence, I was of the view that the
district judge’s findings should not be overturned. The notes of evidence
revealed that at various points during Renuga’s testimony, she readily
admitted that, with regard to specific incidents, she was unsure of the extent
of the appellant’s involvement. For instance, under cross-examination with
regard to the fake death certificate:

Q: Did you know for a fact whether your husband communicated with the Accused
about the death certificate?

_A: No, we don’t live in the same house._

Q: You have no knowledge if he talked to the accused about the fake death
certificate?

A: He did not tell me.

Q: To your knowledge?

_A: To my knowledge, no._

At the time of the trial, Renuga had no way of knowing that the district judge
would find her testimony sufficient proof that the appellant was involved in
the scam. In my opinion, the district judge was not clearly wrong in noting
that if Renuga had aimed to falsely implicate the appellant in the hope of
minimising her own involvement, common sense would have dictated that she
answer the questions put to her (highlighted above) differently. Thus, there
was no evidence before me which satisfied the high threshold that must be
surmounted before an appellate judge will overturn a finding of fact made by
the district judge.

_Was the first trip to Sri Lanka in June or December of 1987?_

21  One of the key issues at trial was whether the trip by Renuga and the
children to visit Gandaruban occurred before or after October 1987, the month
of Gandaruban’s supposed death. Since the appellant knew that Renuga and the
children were going to visit Gandaruban and had even arranged their plane
tickets, the appellant must have known that Gandaruban was alive if the trip
had occurred in December 1987, after Gandaruban’s supposed death.

22 It is clear from the district judge’s grounds of decision (at [24]) that he
understood Renuga as having testified that the trip had occurred in December
1987. Counsel for the appellant challenged this, contending that Renuga had in
fact been unsure of whether the trip had occurred in June or December of 1987.

23 In my view, while Renuga could not at first recall whether the trip was
during the June or December school holidays of 1987 (she had maintained
throughout her testimony that the trip was during the school holidays), she
concluded under cross-examination that the trip must have occurred in
December. In the process of arriving at this conclusion, Renuga affirmed that
because she had attended the appellant’s wedding on 28 June 1987, the trip to
Sri Lanka could not have taken place during the June holidays. Later on in the
cross-examination, when defence counsel suggested to Renuga that she and the
children left Singapore to meet Gandaruban in December 1987, Renuga answered
in the affirmative. There was no reason to fault the district judge’s finding
of fact in this regard.

_Absence of discussions between Renuga and the appellant_

24 The testimonies of both Renuga and the appellant made it clear that the two
never discussed the scam during the 1987–1989 period, while the probate and
insurance proceedings were ongoing. Renuga’s explanation for this was that
Gandaruban had given all the instructions concerning the scam, and that there
had never been a need to discuss it with the appellant. Additionally, Renuga
testified that she had never read any of the documents that the appellant had
brought for her to sign. The appellant, on the other hand, maintained that he
had not discussed the scam with Renuga simply because he had not been privy to
it.

25 The appellant attempted to utilise these portions of Renuga’s testimony to
cast aspersions on her honesty as a witness and doubts about her version of
events. In my opinion, while it did seem unusual that Renuga and the appellant
never discussed the scam at all, the district judge’s conclusions were
certainly plausible. In particular, the district judge noted in his grounds of
decision (at [72]) that:

Under the circumstances, it is not surprising that Gandaruban – the prime
mover of the scam and someone, who according to the Accused, could command and
control his wife – should be the one giving Renuga the relevant directions
instead of the Accused.

To my mind, these conclusions were buttressed by the appellant’s evidence that
he and Renuga belonged to a household where the men and women did not
generally interfere with each other’s affairs.

26 As for the appellant’s argument that it was incredible that Renuga never
read any of the documents, while I found that this was again a rather unusual
mode of behaviour, the district judge’s findings at [73] of his grounds of
decision were certainly plausible:

She did not read the documents … because (i) Gandaruban had already given
directions that she was to sign these documents and (ii) she was not keen to
engage in her husband’s illicit scheme in the first place. Renuga’s reluctance
to know further details about the scam … and thereby associate herself too
closely with it is understandable; ...

Given the absence of any strong evidence indicating that the district judge’s
finding was plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence, I was of the view
that this finding of fact should not be overturned.

27  In addition, I noted that the appellant made a number of contentions
challenging the district judge’s findings with regard to the usage of the
insurance moneys as well as Renuga’s relationship with Yogendran, the lawyer
who first alerted CAD to the scam. After considering these arguments
carefully, I found that they were without merit, and in any event non-material
to the key issue at hand, which was whether the appellant knew of and was
involved in the conspiracy between 1988 and 1989.

**_Did the district judge err in rejecting the appellant’s testimony and
finding him an unreliable witness?_**

_The appellant’s testimony_

28 The appellant’s evidence at trial contradicted many parts of Renuga’s
testimony, particularly those portions that incriminated him. He testified,
among other things, that:

(a) He first learnt of his brother’s death from his mother in early 1988.

(b) He did not prompt Renuga to petition for a grant of letters of
administration or make claims on Gandaruban’s insurance policies. However, he
affirmed that he assisted Renuga in hiring Yogendran, a lawyer, to handle
Gandaruban’s estate matters. The appellant also accompanied Renuga to the High
Court and the insurance companies to carry out the requisite proceedings;

(c) He did not take Renuga and the children to meet Gandaruban in Johor Baru.
He had only driven the children from Renuga’s residence to his mother’s
residence because the children spent the weekends with his mother.

(d) He had only visited Malaysia once with Lim, and that was to Genting
Highlands. He had never travelled with Lim to see Gandaruban in Johor Baru;

(e) It was pursuant to Yogendran’s instructions that he had opened the joint
account with Renuga to deposit part of the insurance moneys. Yogendran had
informed him that this was necessary as minority interests were involved. The
withdrawals he had made from that account were in fulfilment of Renuga’s
requests. This included purchasing a Mercedes Benz that Renuga wanted for the
car rental business. When the Mercedes Benz was sold about a year later, the
proceeds were banked into the joint account.

(f) Although named as co-administrator of Gandaruban’s estate, the appellant
did not know whether the children received their shares of the insurance
payout. Even after the moneys were received, he continued to give Renuga a
monthly allowance. As he was only a technician at the time, his sister and
wife had to chip in. Despite this, he never questioned Renuga about how she
was using the insurance moneys. By the time of the trial, he had already
expended more than $600,000 on Renuga and her children.

(g) He discovered Gandaruban was alive in 1995, when Renuga became pregnant
with his brother’s fourth child. In spite of being shocked and angry, he did
not confront either Renuga or his brother about the deception.

_Whether Renuga’s first trip to Sri Lanka occurred in June or December 1987_

29 The appellant began his evidence-in-chief on the issue by unequivocally
stating that Renuga and the children had made the trip to Sri Lanka in
December 1987. He even recalled helping them obtain their air tickets. The
next day, while continuing his evidence-in chief, he initially maintained that
the trip had taken place in December, but then began to change this position,
stating that “…[n]ow I think they left in 1987, one or two months after July”.
Once his counsel pointed out that the death certificate stated that Gandaruban
had died in October of that year, the appellant immediately affirmed his
changed position, stating that the trip must have occurred before October
1987.

30 I noted that the district judge placed significant weight on the
appellant’s shift in testimony in impeaching his credit. Counsel for the
appellant challenged this before me, contending that the date of the trip was
not a key issue at the point that the appellant was giving his testimony, and
the appellant could not therefore have been expected to remember the exact
date of an event that had occurred over 15 years before. However, in affirming
the district judge’s finding of fact in this regard, I kept in mind that a
district judge has the discretion, upon examining the totality of the
evidence, to accord varying weights to different parts of the appellant’s
testimony: _Ng Kwee Leong v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 942; _Hon Chi Wan Colman v PP_
[2002] 3 SLR 558. I was cognisant of the fact that the appellant revealed in
cross-examination that he had altered his position upon consulting his wife
about when the trip to Sri Lanka had occurred. He had done so despite clear
instructions from the district judge to those in court not to discuss evidence
with potential witnesses. Given these circumstances, I found it understandable
that the district judge made much of the appellant’s shiftiness.

_The appellant’s actions upon viewing Gandaruban’s false death certificate_

31 Gandaruban’s fake certificate was originally written in Tamil, and had been
translated into English by a sworn interpreter of the Subordinate Courts. The
certificate stated, among other things, that Gandaruban had been reported dead
by one “Chellaya Dhaksnamoothy”, who was identified as Gandaruban’s brother-
in-law. Under the “race” section, the English translation stated that
Gandaruban “[h]ad acquired Singapore citizen”. The district judge found that
as the appellant knew that Gandaruban had been born in Singapore and did not
therefore need to “acquire” citizenship, most people in his position would
have found the death certificate suspicious and made inquiries. The appellant
did neither, despite the fact that the death certificate was the only document
he had giving details about Gandaruban’s death. This led to the inference that
the appellant knew Gandaruban was alive.

32 The appellant appealed against this finding, contending that the district
judge erred in dismissing the appellant’s explanation during trial that the
original death certificate in Tamil stated that Gandaruban was a Singapore
citizen.

33 Having applied my mind to the issue, it seemed to me that in any case,
other elements of the appellant’s behaviour with regard to the death
certificate remained suspect. For example, the fake death certificate stated
that “Chellaya Dhaksnamoothy” informed the Sri Lankan authorities of
Gandaruban’s “death” and this person was identified as being a brother-in-law
of the deceased. Since the appellant knew that this relative was not from his
side of the family, the relative had to be from Renuga’s side of the family.
Yet, it was the appellant’s testimony that he never asked Renuga about this
person, even when he allegedly travelled to Sri Lanka in 1991 to locate his
brother’s body. When cross-examined about this oddity, the appellant stated
that he did not communicate with Renuga on the matter because he did not like
to talk to her much and that he did not think that she would be of much help.

34 The district judge found this explanation unsatisfactory, and I agreed.
Even if Renuga and the appellant had a bad relationship and did not
communicate much, it seemed incredible that the appellant did not consult the
only person who might have had pertinent information as to the identity of
Chellaya Dhaksnamoothy before making the trip to Sri Lanka.

_The appellant’s provisions for Renuga and the children_

35 The district judge used the undisputed fact that the appellant had been
maintaining Renuga and the children over a period of 15 years (expending more
than $600,000 in the process) to find that it was the appellant, not Renuga,
who managed the insurance moneys. The district judge also found that
Gandaruban did not want Renuga to hold on to the moneys, and that Renuga was
in fact financially dependent on the appellant.

36 The appellant contended before me that these findings were erroneous as
they went against the weight of objective evidence. However, a perusal of the
district judge’s grounds of decision clearly revealed to me that he had
considered the evidence carefully. Furthermore, his grounds of decision
documented the evidence he had relied upon in coming to his conclusion. In
particular, he stated at [132] to [135]:

The Accused’s regular and substantial payments to Renuga and the children are
indeed curious. If Renuga was in fact sitting on some $330,000 of insurance
monies at the material time … why did the Accused and his family have to
maintain [them]? …

The Accused did not apparently question Renuga why her children came to him
for money when she had already received the insurance payouts. …

The Accused’s explanation for his unusual conduct was that because Gandaruban
had taken care of him since young … he felt duty bound to provide for Renuga
and her children. …

I found the Accused’s explanation incongruent with the rest of his evidence.
According to the Accused, Renuga did not have a harmonious relationship with
his mother, wife, sister and himself … Given the acrimonious relationship … it
is inconceivable that the Accused would have (a) so unquestioningly and
obligingly given her substantial sums of monies over the years, and (b)
allowed her to apply the insurance payouts in any way as she pleased, without
asking her to account for it.

Given the evidence before me, I was inclined to believe that it was the
appellant and not Renuga who had control of the insurance moneys, although it
would clearly be impossible to determine this conclusively.

37 Overall, in order for me to interfere with the district judge’s finding
that the appellant was a manipulative and unreliable witness, counsel for the
appellant had the onerous task of persuading me that the district judge had
clearly reached the wrong conclusion. After listening to counsel for the
appellant and examining the evidence before me, I concluded that he had not
succeeded in his attempt to overcome the high threshold required.

**_Did the district judge err in finding that Ranchitha had corroborated
Renuga’s testimony?_**

38  Ranchitha is the sister of Renuga. Ranchitha, Renuga, their parents and
Renuga’s three children lived together in a flat in Marsiling. Ranchitha’s
testimony was material in several respects. Firstly, her evidence was that
just before 6 April 1988, Gandaruban was not living with them, and Renuga had
told her that Gandaruban was in Johor Baru. Ranchitha also testified that
after Gandaruban had left Singapore, the appellant picked Renuga and the
children up from the flat on Fridays and Saturdays in 1988, returning with
them on Sunday evenings. Ranchitha believed they had gone to Malaysia,
although Renuga never told her this.

39 The district judge found that Ranchitha’s testimony corroborated her
sister’s claim that the appellant had brought Renuga and the children to
Malaysia on weekends. The appellant appealed against this finding before me.
He argued that since the appellant never went up to the flat (a fact which
Ranchitha affirmed), Ranchitha could not have actually seen the appellant. He
also argued that the district judge had not given sufficient weight to the
fact that Ranchitha had seldom been aware of Renuga’s affairs, and had never
actually been told by Renuga or the children about the Johor Baru trips.

40 I found these arguments unmeritorious. The appellant himself had testified
that he had travelled to the Marsiling flat to pick up the children on
weekends. Thus, the fact that the appellant had driven to the flat was not in
question. The issue was where the appellant had driven them. While the
appellant testified that he had brought them back to his mother’s house,
Renuga and Ranchitha gave evidence that the trips had been to Johor Baru to
see Gandaruban. With regard to this issue, it was Ranchitha’s testimony that
although Renuga had never told her that they were going to Malaysia, she had
seen Renuga filling up pink immigration cards for entry into Malaysia. Despite
Ranchitha’s testimony that she and her sister had never been close, they had
been living in the same flat at the material time. It was certainly likely to
me that Ranchitha would have known of Renuga’s preparations, including the
filling up of the pink cards.

41 The appellant additionally averred that the district judge did not give
sufficient weight to the fact that Ranchitha had downplayed the tensions
between the families of Renuga and the appellant. To my mind, this was a non-
material issue, as the relationship between the two families did not affect
the main question of whether the appellant knew of and participated in the
conspiracy. In any event, even if a witness is found to have lied on certain
matters, it need not affect the witness’s credibility as a whole. A trial
judge is entitled to accept some of a witness’s evidence without having to
accept that witness’s evidence in its entirety: _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v
PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 464 at [44]; _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 178 at
[34]. It was clear to me from [95] of the district judge’s grounds of decision
that even though he had been aware that Ranchitha had downplayed the tensions
between the families, he had still chosen to accept Ranchitha’s testimony.
Therefore, I found no reason to overturn this finding of fact.

**_Did the district judge err in law and fact by giving undue weight to the
CAD statement of Lim in preference to Lim’s sworn testimony?_**

42 Lim was a friend of Gandaruban and became a partner in Gandaruban’s car
rental business to ensure repayment of the $30,000 debt that Gandaruban owed
to him. In Lim’s statement to the CAD, he stated, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) In 1988, Lim met Gandaruban in Johor Baru and this was arranged by the
appellant.

(b) The appellant and Lim had on one occasion travelled to Malaysia, and
during that trip the appellant pointed out a house in Johor Baru that he
claimed was rented by Gandaruban.

(c) Sometime in 1988 or 1989, the appellant told Lim that Gandaruban had a
death certificate to prevent creditors from harassing his family and the car
rental business.

43 Lim was presented as a prosecution witness, but in court, his testimony was
favourable to the appellant, and differed materially from his previous
statement given to the CAD. In particular, Lim gave evidence that:

(a) On the occasion that he had met Gandaruban in Johor Baru, Renuga had made
the arrangements and had met them both there. Lim also testified that on this
occasion, Renuga had driven herself to meet them.

(b) The appellant did not bring Lim to Johor Baru and point out a house as
belonging to Gandaruban.

(c) Lim testified that he only knew of Gandaruban’s death certificate in 2002,
when Lim found the certificate in his car workshop.

44 I reminded myself that under s 157(_c_) of the Evidence Act, a witness’s
credibility can be impeached by proof of former statements inconsistent with
any part of his sworn evidence. Under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act, prior
inconsistent statements can be tendered as substantive evidence of the facts
therein. I observed that the district judge applied these provisions to
impeach Lim’s credit and draw substantive evidence from his previous
inconsistent CAD statement instead.

45 The appellant appealed against the district judge’s findings on the ground
that the recording of Lim’s CAD statement was riddled with irregularities. It
was also argued that, according to Lim, the CAD officers had suggested crucial
answers to him. In finding this argument wholly unmeritorious, I agreed with
the district judge’s observation that although there were some procedural
irregularities in the recording of Lim’s statement (such as the fact that the
purpose of the statement and investigations were not reflected in the
document), these irregularities did not materially undermine the evidence, nor
did they suggest any impropriety on the part of the relevant CAD officers.

46 The appellant then contended that Lim’s previous inconsistent statement
should not be relied on, as the recording officer, Tan, had not allowed Lim to
amend his statement when he had wanted to do so one month after giving the
statement. Once again, I dismissed his argument, finding that the district
judge was correct in noting that it was not evident, even on Lim’s own
testimony, that Tan had deliberately refused to allow him to amend the
statement.

47 I noted that in considering the weight to be attached to a prior
inconsistent statement, a trial judge should be guided by the factors
stipulated in s 147(6) of the Evidence Act and elaborated upon by case law.
These factors include the coherence and cogency of the statement, the
possibility of misrepresentation and whether the statement was made
contemporaneously with the occurrence or existence of the facts stated: _PP v
Sng Siew Ngoh_ [1996] 1 SLR 143; _Chai Chien_ _Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR
25. In his grounds of decision ([114] to [117]), the district judge applied
these considerations to the current facts and found that full weight should be
given to portions of Lim’s prior inconsistent statement. I found no ground to
overturn this finding of fact.

**_Did the district judge err by finding that Ruby was a partial witness and
that her testimony was non-material?_**

48 Ruby, the daughter of Gandaruban and Renuga, gave testimony at trial that
was aimed at discrediting Renuga, as well as contradicting aspects of the
latter’s evidence. The district judge held that Ruby’s evidence was non-
material, and that in any event she was a partial witness whose credibility
had been shaken by a previous materially inconsistent CAD statement.

49 Counsel for the appellant petitioned against the district judge’s findings
on three grounds. Firstly, Ruby had not remembered visiting her father in
Johor Baru with Renuga and the appellant, and this materially contradicted
Renuga’s testimony. Secondly, at the time that Ruby’s CAD statement was taken,
she was still recovering from a serious accident in which she suffered
multiple injuries. Thirdly, the district judge erred in law by relying on the
CAD statement even though the officer who recorded the statement admitted that
Ruby had never been given the statement to read for herself before signing it.

50 Once again, I was not minded to overturn the district judge’s findings of
fact. Beginning with the appellant’s first contention, the fact that Ruby did
not recall visiting Gandaruban in Malaysia did not necessarily contradict
Renuga’s statement as Ruby was only seven years old at the material time, and
children of that age cannot be expected to remember incidents that happen
around them. Indeed, during cross-examination, Ruby testified that she could
not recall her father leaving in 1987, nor did she remember being informed by
her mother about her father’s death. These events had occurred only a year
preceding the trips to Johor Baru. Thus, the fact that Ruby could not recall
any of these incidents did not in any way disprove that the incidents had
occurred.

51 I was not inclined to accept the appellant’s second contention either. As
the district judge noted, although Ruby was still suffering the effects of a
serious accident during the time that the CAD statement was taken, she herself
gave evidence that she had no trouble recognising relatives immediately after
the accident had occurred. Besides, it seemed clear to me that in this CAD
statement, Ruby provided detailed answers that were deliberately calculated at
covering up the fact that her father was still alive. For instance:

Question 5: Do you have a younger brother?

Answer : Yes. And also a half brother.

Question 6: What is your half brother’s name and how old is he?

Answer: Ganesha. He is six or seven years old.

…

Question 14: Who is your father?

Answer : Gandaruban

Question 15: Is he still alive?

Answer: No. He passed away in 1987 or 1988 in the Jaffna  
bombing in Sri Lanka.

52 At the time that this statement was taken, Ruby had known for almost a
decade that her father was alive. It was unlikely that the accident, however
serious, had caused her to forget this fact. After examining the notes of
evidence, I was inclined to believe that Ruby was far from confused when
answering the questions highlighted above. In fact, she had the presence of
mind to call Ganesha her “half-brother” (which would have been accurate had
her mother really re-married, rather than marrying Gandaruban again under his
assumed identity), as well as give the precise location in which her father
supposedly passed away. Thus, the appellant’s claim that Ruby’s injuries had
prevented her from giving a proper CAD statement did not stand up to scrutiny.

53 Furthermore, I did not find the appellant’s third contention that the
district judge erred by relying on the CAD statement persuasive. The
procedural irregularity arose because the CAD statement did not reflect that
the statement had been read back to Ruby before she signed it. However, as the
district judge noted, Ruby did not challenge the accuracy and voluntariness of
the statement at trial. In any event, I was of the view that the procedural
irregularity was non-material, as it was clear from the recording officer’s
testimony that the statement had been read to Ruby before she signed it. This
argument is buttressed by _Foong Seow Ngui v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 785**,** where
the Court of Appeal held at [47] that for investigative statements taken from
witnesses by the police, an omission to state that the investigative statement
had been read back to the witness does not render the statement inadmissible.
What is important is not whether the clause has been included at the end of
the statement, but whether the statement was read over to the maker and, after
corrections if any, signed by him, as required by s 121(3) of the Criminal
Procedure Code. CAD officers are police officers, and therefore the same
reasoning should apply to statements recorded by CAD officers.

**Sentence**

54 The appellant was sentenced by the district judge to six months’
imprisonment for the first charge and ten months’ imprisonment for the second
to fourth charges. The sentence for the first charge was ordered to run
consecutively to the term imposed for the fourth charge. This amounted to a
total of 16 months’ imprisonment.

55 I found the district judge’s sentence inadequate, and ordered the terms of
imprisonment for the first, second and fourth charges to run consecutively,
resulting in a total of 26 months’ imprisonment for the appellant. In the
absence of any elaboration from the district judge on the grounds behind his
sentencing decision, I now set out the factors I took into account in
enhancing the appellant’s sentence.

56 In making my decision, I noted that the appellant had not appealed against
sentence, and his counsel had submitted before me that the 16-month sentence
imposed by the district judge was fair. I was also mindful that although an
appellate court has the power under s 256(_c_) of the Criminal Procedure Code
to reduce, enhance, or alter the nature of a sentence, an appellate court will
not generally interfere with the sentence meted out by the lower court unless
it is satisfied that (a) the trial judge made the wrong decision as to the
proper factual basis of the sentence; (b) the trial judge erred in
appreciating the material placed before him; (c) the sentence was wrong in
principle; or (d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive or inadequate:
_Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126; _Yeo Kwan Wee Kenneth v PP_ [2004] 2 SLR
45.

57 Given that the appellant was involved right from the beginning in this
complex and premeditated conspiracy, it was my considered opinion that the
district judge’s sentence was manifestly inadequate. In _PP v Tan Fook Sum_
[1999] 2 SLR 523 at [15], I quoted with approval Lawton LJ’s observation in _R
v Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 at 77 that:

[I]t is … society, through the courts, [that] must show its abhorrence of
particular types of crime, and the only way in which the courts can show this
is by the sentences they pass.

The same applied here. Even though the appellant had not personally benefited
from the scam, he had nevertheless been an integral part of a terrible and
outrageous plot to defraud both the court and insurance companies. I also took
account of the large sum of money involved.

58 It is axiomatic that deterrence may well be of considerable value when the
crime is premeditated: _PP v Loo Chang Hock_ [1988] 1 MLJ 316; _Meeran bin
Mydin v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 522. To my mind, the appellant in this case was
clearly involved in a carefully planned and well-orchestrated scheme.
Furthermore, I took the view that although the factual matrix of this case was
very unusual, a harsh sentence was necessary to educate and deter other like-
minded members of the general public from committing acts of deception against
the courts and insurance companies.

59 Relatedly, I applied the oft-quoted proposition that “[i]n deciding the
most appropriate sentence a Court should always be guided by certain
considerations. The first and foremost is the public interest”: _R v Ball_
(1951) 35 Cr App R 164 at 165 as applied in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ ([57] _supra_)
and _Ong Ah Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 587. I considered it paramount that the
integrity of the courts be preserved. Besides, I noted the important role that
insurance plays in our society, and foresaw the disastrous consequences should
insurance fraud become widespread and commonplace.

60 Finally, I made note of the appellant’s professional achievements, his
status in the Indian/Hindu community and his active involvement in charitable
works. However, I had to balance this against the severity of the offences
that the appellant had committed. In fact, I felt that given the appellant’s
standing in society, he should have set a better example for those who looked
up to him.

**Conclusion**

61 In an appeal which turned largely on the findings of fact made by the court
below, the appellant had to convince me that those findings of fact were
clearly wrong or against the weight of the evidence when looked at in its
totality. It was my opinion that the appellant had failed to do so.
Accordingly, I dismissed his appeal. Furthermore, I took the view that the
sentence meted out in the District Court was inadequate. I therefore ordered
that the sentences run consecutively in:

(a) the first charge – six months’ imprisonment,

(b) the second charge – ten months’ imprisonment,

(c) the fourth charge – ten months’ imprisonment.

This resulted in a total of 26 months’ imprisonment. The terms of imprisonment
commenced on 27 July 2005.

Appeal against conviction dismissed. Sentences enhanced.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

