Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Antara Koh Pte Ltd v Eng Tou Offshore Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | Adm in Per 90/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bazul Ashhab (T S Oon and Bazul) and Brij Raj Rai (Just Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Loo Dip Seng and Goh Wee Ling (Ang and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Antara Koh Pte Ltd — Eng Tou Offshore Pte Ltd   
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Limitation of liabilities – Shipowner seeking
declaration limiting liability under s 136 Merchant Shipping Act in respect of
loss arising from casualty – Shipowner failing to prove pleaded case that
casualty caused by act or omission of third party – Whether shipowner entitled
to limit liability – Section 136 Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

5 September 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 By this limitation action, the plaintiff, Antara Koh Pte Ltd (“Antara Koh”)
as the registered owner of the crane barge, _Antara Koh B8,_ seeks a decree
limiting its liability under s 136 of the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996
Rev Ed) (“the MSA”) in respect of the loss or damage arising from the sinking
of the tug _Tambat_ and the loss of seven lives when the crane mounted on
_Antara Koh B8_ toppled over on 15 February 2003 at Sungei Johor, near Pulau
Juling. The only party contesting the limitation action is the defendant, Eng
Tou Offshore Pte Ltd (“Eng Tou”), who was, at the material time, the
registered owner of the tug _Tambat_.

2 The loss of the _Tambat_ gave rise to an _in rem_ action (Admiralty in Rem
No 204 of 2003) commenced on 31 July 2003 against _Antara Koh B8_ for the
purpose of determining responsibility for the casualty. In default of the
Order of Court dated 28 January 2004, the Defence was struck out and Eng Tou
entered interlocutory judgment against Antara Koh on 19 February 2004.
Assessment of damages was by Order of Court dated 7 June 2004 stayed, pending
the outcome of this limitation action. Separately, liability for the casualty
was admitted by Jimmy Koh (“Koh”), the managing director of Antara Koh, in his
Affidavit affirmed on 19 October 2004 in this limitation action. I shall
return to the judgment in default later.

3 Section 136(1) of the MSA reads:

The owner of a ship shall not, where all or any of the following occurrences
take place without his actual fault or privity:

…

(_d_) where any loss or damage is caused to any property ... through the act
or omission of any person (whether on board the ship or not) in the navigation
or management of the ship, or in the loading ... of its cargo ... or through
any other act or omission of any person on board the ship,

be liable to damages beyond the following amounts:

…

(ii) in respect of such loss, damage or infringement as is mentioned in
paragraphs (_b_) and (_d_), … an aggregate amount not exceeding in the
currency of Singapore the equivalent of 1,000 gold francs for each ton of the
ship’s tonnage.

Section 136(1)(_c_) deals with claims for loss of life where the “occurrences”
specified are similar to sub-s (1)(_d_) and the limitation is 3,100 gold
francs for each ton of the ship’s tonnage.

4 A condition of a shipowner’s statutory right to limit its liability, whether
in respect of loss of life or of damage to another vessel or to property, is
that it must have occurred without the shipowner’s “actual fault or privity”.
The onus lies on Antara Koh to establish that Eng Tou’s loss was not caused by
its “actual fault or privity”.

5 Besides disputing absence of “actual fault or privity” on the part of Antara
Koh, Eng Tou submits that one other reason preventing Antara Koh from
enforcing its statutory right to limit its liability is that the latter has
not established that Eng Tou’s claims against _Antara Koh B8_ for breach of
the towage agreement and/or in negligence are claims that fall within one of
the “occurrences” specified in s 136(1)(_d_) of the MSA. One subsidiary
question in this action relates to the tonnage of the crane barge for the
purpose of limitation. I need only deal with this subsidiary question if I
rule that Antara Koh is entitled to a limitation decree.

6 By way of background facts, the tug _Tambat_ was chartered in February 2003
to tow _Antara Koh B8_ to Sungei Johor to retrieve an anchor and anchor chain
lying on the river bed. Mounted on _Antara Koh B8_ was a FMC Linkbelt crane
model TG 1900. The anchor and anchor chain were salvaged from the river bed
and loaded on board the _Antara Koh B8_. Thereafter, the four anchors of the
_Antara Koh B8_ were recovered before Antara Koh proceeded to load the anchor
handling boat, _AB III_. In the lifting process, the boom of the crane
collapsed. Antara Koh’s pleaded case is that the crane’s upper structure and
boom fell on the _Tambat_. The defendant’s version of the events is that the
boom collapsed and fell on the port side of the bridle rope attached to the
crane barge and tug. Either way, the tug sank, as she was dragged and weighed
down underwater. The tug was rendered a total or constructive total loss. One
crew member survived whilst the other six perished in the casualty together
with the crane operator.

7 Given the default judgment in the liability action, parties were directed to
submit on whether Antara Koh in this limitation action could raise and rely on
a completely new allegation, that is to say, the crane operator’s negligence
as the cause of the casualty. Antara Koh in its Defence, which was struck out,
blamed the casualty on the tug master and the crew of the _Tambat_. Error on
the part of the crane operator was never part of its pleaded case in the
liability action. Notably, Antara Koh failed in its application to set aside
the default judgment before the assistant registrar on 10 March 2004 and again
on appeal to the judge in chambers on 25 March 2004. The only question left to
be determined in the _in rem_ action is the amount of damage Eng Tou has
suffered.

8 As a matter of general principle, a judgment in default is capable of giving
rise to issue estoppel: see _Kok Hoong v Leong Cheong Kweng Mines Ltd_ [1964]
AC 993. In response to the court’s query, both parties for different reasons
submitted that there was no issue estoppel. As such, Antara Koh in this
limitation action could argue that the negligent acts or omissions of those on
board the _Antara Koh B8_ were those of the crane operator or for that matter
raise any of the other allegations pleaded in the Amended Statement of Claim
filed. That being the end position that is common to the parties, the court is
not invited to scrutinise and rule on the grounds upon which the judgment in
default was actually founded. Suffice it to say that the legal consequence of
the judgment in default is that Antara Koh is solely to blame for the
casualty.

9 What is then the cause of the casualty? Koh in his written testimony alluded
to a combination of the following factors as contributing to the tragic
accident on 15 February 2003:

(a) listing of the barge at the material time;

(b) the sea conditions at the material time, and jerking and swinging that
occurred during loading of the anchor handling boat; and

(c) error of the crane operator in the operation of the crane at the material
time.

10 The evidence led on behalf of the plaintiff did not support Koh’s
“combination of factors” theory. Ng Chin Yan (“NCY”), the site engineer, is
the only eyewitness. He was on board the _Antara Koh B8_ on that fateful day.
According to him, the list of the barge before lifting the anchor handling
boat was within the company’s allowable operational tolerance. At the relevant
time, the sea was calm and the weather was good. There was a small current of
less than 1 knot and that was considered to be insignificant. The only factor
that is left of Koh’s list of “combination of factors” is “error of the crane
operator”. In that connection, it is useful to turn to the pleadings to see
what that statement entails.

11 In para 5 of the Amended Statement of Claim, the averment there is that the
casualty was caused by the negligence of those on board the crane barge in the
management of the crane barge in that:

(a) the crane operator and the plaintiff’s engineer had failed to exercise
reasonable care in inspecting the crane; and

(b) the crane operator was negligent in the operation of the crane and had
failed to give due regard to the sea conditions and the list of the barge when
operating the crane to lift the anchor boat.

12 In the Further and Better Particulars dated 17 September 2004, the
plaintiff identified NCY as the person in charge of the operation of the barge
and Sim Mui Guan (“Sim”) as the crane operator. The particulars of the failure
of Sim and NCY to exercise reasonable care in inspecting the crane was
explained as a failure to check the anchor chain on one side of the deck of
the crane barge before operating the crane. Further, the crane operator and
site engineer did not ensure that the crane barge would be stable or would not
list while using the crane to lift the anchor handling boat. The plaintiff
pleaded that it did not know the list of the barge at the material time and
that it did not know the date and time and when the aforementioned inspection
took place.

13 The particulars provided in respect of para 5(b) of the Amended Statement
of Claim are as follows:

The crane operator failed to take into account the anchor chain on one side of
the crane barge deck, which could have affected the stability of the crane
barge when the crane was being operated. The Plaintiff [did] not know the list
of the barge at the material time.

14 The pleaded case in para 5A of the Amended Statement of Claim is that the
casualty was caused by acts or omissions of those on board the crane barge in
one or more of the following respects:

(a) The plaintiff’s crew and/or its crane operator and/or its site engineer
had failed to exercise reasonable care before and/or during the lifting and/or
loading the anchor handling boat onto the barge at the material time.

(b) The plaintiff’s crane operator negligently and/or without exercising
reasonable caution suddenly swung the crane to the port side causing the crane
to topple and fall.

(c) The plaintiff’s site engineer had failed to properly supervise the lifting
and loading operation of the anchor boat.

(d) The plaintiff’s crane operator and/or its site engineer had failed to give
due regard to the sea conditions and the list of the barge when operating the
crane and/or when lifting the anchor handling boat.

15 In the further alternative, para 5B of the Amended Statement of Claim
states that the casualty was caused in the loading of cargo, namely the anchor
handling boat within s 136(_d_) of the MSA.

16 The debate centred on the various acts or omissions pleaded in paras 5 to
5B of the Amended Statement of Claim filed in the limitation action. However,
in closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Bazul Ashhab (instructed
by Mr Brij Raj Rai), put the blame squarely on the crane operator. In other
words, except for the matters pleaded in para 5A(b) of the Amended Statement
of Claim, the rest of the pleaded case was not pressed, given the evidence
before the court. The negligence of the crane operator, as the argument goes,
constitutes “any other act or omission of any person on board the ship” within
the meaning of s 136(1)(_d_).

17 Counsel for Eng Tou, Mr Loo Dip Seng who was assisted by Ms Goh Wee Ling,
rejected the plaintiff’s contention that the loss of the tug was caused by the
act or omission of the crane operator, arguing failure of the boom due to
inadequate welding of the boom connectors at the bottom boom insert as the
cause of the casualty.

18 Sim was an experienced crane operator. He could operate different types of
cranes: crawler crane, pedestal crane as well as the cranes on crane barges.
Sim joined Antara Koh in 1981 as a general worker. Later, he attended a crane
operator’s course and obtained a crane operator’s licence in 1988. Sim was
eventually employed by Antara Koh as a crane operator in 1992. In September
2000, he attended a refresher course for mobile crane operators.

19 According to NCY, the _Antara Koh B8_ was working through the night to
salvage the anchor and anchor chain. He admitted that they were working under
“tight time constraints” as the _Antara Koh B8_ had a schedule to meet. Sim
had worked from 1930 hours on 14 February 2003 to 0120 hours on 15 February
2003 with three breaks of 15 minutes each time.

20 NCY claimed that he personally checked and found all the wire ropes
properly secured to _AB III_. Sim and he checked the lifting chart before
carrying out the test lift of _AB III_. At that time, the weather was fine and
the sea was calm. Sim successfully test-lifted the _AB III_ at 0120 hours on
15 February 2003. The signal was given to Sim to proceed with the actual lift.
Sim was to place the _AB III_ on top of the concrete H-beams which were lying
on the starboard side of the crane barge. NCY in para 21 of his Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief recounted the moments before the incident:

The crane was about to place “ABIII” on the starboard stern side of “ANTARA
KOH B8” and was hoisted or hanging about 0.5m from the resting “H” beams where
she was to be placed. Suddenly, the boom of the crane swung to the portside of
“ANTARA KOH B8” together with the anchor boat “ABIII”. My assistants and I ran
from the stern side to the starboard winch location. The boom was hoisted as
though the crane operator had lifted it up and was swinging to the portside
left. Then “ABIII” dropped to the sea and the crane boom broke at midsection
and fell backwards. The broken crane boom then landed on the tugboat “TAMBAT”
which was berthed at the stern of “ANTARA KOH B8”.

21 NCY in cross-examination revealed that the anchor handling boat was hoisted
again by another 0.5m–0.8m when it was 0.5m away from the H-beams. At that
time, NCY thought that Sim had wanted to try again to place the _AB III_ on
the H-beams. All of a sudden, the crane boom and the _AB III_ swung to port.
NCY acknowledged that he was in no position to verify as he did not know
whether the crane operator had deliberately slewed the crane boom to port. He
could not be sure that (and it would be pure guesswork on his part) to
attribute error on the part of Sim.

22 Sim had no reason to slew the crane to port. He was not given instructions
to move the crane to port. He was after all an experienced crane operator. For
NCY to be able to estimate the height of the load from the H-beams as being
0.5–0.8m, Sim would have paused long enough over the H-beams. Any deliberate
slew of the crane to port would, as Mr Loo pointed out, be inexplicable since
_AB III_ was already positioned over the H-beams where it was to be stowed.

23  Chua Kok Seng (“Chua”), the defendant’s expert, is a marine engineer and
has investigated several casualties involving cranes on board barges and cargo
vessels. Chua interpreted the sudden swing of the crane to port as indicative
of the crane operator having lost control of the crane rather than
inadvertence on his part. Sim lost control of the crane because of equipment
failure. There is indisputable evidence of inadequate welding of the socket
connectors to the boom chords.

24 The state of the welding which Chua saw and described in para 26 of his
report was the same as that which Andrew Lee Chong (“Lee Chong”) himself
observed except that Lee Chong did not agree with Chua that the inadequate
welding was due to poor workmanship. Chua wrote:

From my examination of the parted ends of both the bottom and center boom
inserts, I note that the welding seams on the chords did not adhere to the
socket connectors, in other words, the welds did not penetrate into the
connector metal and fuse with the connector metal. The nature of the damage
showed that there was no adhesion in the welds between the chords and their
socket connectors. This indicates that the welding process was bad due to poor
workmanship and was not properly and/or satisfactorily carried out. As a
consequence, the socket connectors were pulled out of the chords during the
incident as evident by the buckling of the chords.

25 Although Lee Chong, a director from Insight Marine Services Pte Ltd, did
not agree with Chua that the inadequate welding was due to poor workmanship,
he did not proffer an alternative explanation. Besides, I do not find his
reason for disagreeing with Chua particularly persuasive. Lee Chong disagreed
that the welding was due to poor workmanship because the boom was factory
manufactured and it would have gone through quality control checks before
leaving the factory. Mr Loo pointed out that Lee Chong had not ascertained
where each boom section had come from, or where the failed boom section had
come from. There is evidence that Antara Koh had purchased boom extensions not
from the original crane manufacturer Cornell Crane Manufacturing Ltd but from
Muhibah Engineering Sdn Bhd in Malaysia who are authorised by Australian crane
makers, Favelle Favco Cranes Pty Ltd, to fabricate crane booms. Boom
extensions were purchased as it was necessary to lengthen the original length
of the boom for the type of work undertaken or to replace damaged sections or
parts.

26 Both Lee Chong and Chua saw and concurred as to the state of the welding.
In the absence of an alternative plausible explanation for the state of the
welding, I am left with Chua’s view which I find to be rational, fair, and
reasonable. The socket connectors were to be joined to the boom chords by
welding. Chua noticed that the welds adhered only to the chords and not the
socket connectors. The lack of adhesion was a strong sign that the welding was
deficient. Irrespective of who did the welding, Chua remained of the view, and
quite rightly so, that the welding at the area of the failure was not properly
done. Chua was convinced that the collapse of the boom was due to inadequate
welding. Lee Chong conceded in cross-examination that the presence of any
inadequate welding lent itself to serious structural weakness in the boom.
Lack of boom strength could lead to the boom buckling or twisting or coming
apart as it did in the present case.

27 In cross-examination, NCY said that the crane boom collapsed first and then
the body of the crane was lifted off its pedestal. This testimony is relevant
as it fits in with Chua’s explanation as to why the boom did not free-fall
onto the deck of the crane barge. In this case, the top of the boom that broke
off flipped back and did not fall on the deck of the crane barge because of
the angle of the boom. From Chua’s calculations, the angle of the boom was 80°
based on a radius of 9.14m, and boom length of 45m. His calculations were not
seriously challenged by the plaintiff. The detachment of the crane body from
the turntable was the consequence of the sudden release of load. He explained
that the collapse of the boom and sudden release of load (_ie_ , _AB III_)
caused the crane to topple backwards or to “back slam”.

28 Lee Chong was the surveyor who investigated the casualty. He was not
testifying as the plaintiff’s expert. Nonetheless, he ventured to opine that
the major contributory factor was the crane operator’s fault. On what
objective evidence was his views founded upon? He was not able from his
investigations to offer the court a satisfactory explanation. Furthermore,
Antara Koh led no evidence to show that the inadequate welding had no bearing
at all on the failure of the crane.

29 In my judgment, the negligent act causing the loss of the _Tambat_ was in
the plaintiff, its servant or agent using the crane with welding of the socket
connectors that was inadequate to hold the boom section together. I interject
to point out that proof that Antara Koh is in breach of the common law duty of
care does not of itself mean that the latter is guilty of actual fault or
privity. Winn LJ in _The Lady Gwendolen_ [1965] P 294 at 348 said:

First, a shipowner who seeks to limit his liability must establish that,
although he is responsible for the immediate cause of the occurrence on the
basis of respondeat superior, in no respect which might possibly have
causatively contributed was he himself at fault. An _established_ causative
link is an essential element of any _actionable_ breach of duty: therefore,
“actual fault” in this context does not invariably connote actionable breach
of duty. Second, a shipowner is not himself without actual fault if he owed
any duty to the party damaged or injured which (a) was not discharged; (b) to
secure the proper discharge of which he should himself have done, but failed
to do so, something which in the given circumstances lay within his personal
sphere of performance.

30 In the light of my conclusion in [29] above, I accept Eng Tou’s submissions
that Antara Koh has not established its pleaded case identified earlier in
[11] to [15]. The Amended Statement of Claim did not for the purpose of the
limitation action cover the question whether the relevant liability, _ie_ ,
the aforesaid negligence in [29] causing the damage, constitutes an
“occurrence” specified in s 136(1)(_d_), namely, improper management of the
_Antara Koh B8_. If so pleaded, in the context of s 136(1)(_d_), management of
the crane barge would include the ship’s equipment fitted for the purposes of
the ship and her cargo: see _The Athelvictor_ [1946] P 42. In this case, the
equipment would be the FMC Linkbelt Crane Model TG 1900 mounted on the _Antata
Koh B8_ for its use as a crane barge. Using a defective crane for lifting the
anchor handling boat was, in my view, improper management of the barge’s
equipment which was necessary for the barge’s operational purpose as a crane
barge and, therefore, is within the meaning of s 136(1)(_d_).

31 No doubt the conclusion reached is enough to dispose of the limitation
action in Eng Tou’s favour. As the parties have covered much ground on the
issue of actual fault or privity, I should say something on the facts and
considerations upon which the issue depends. So the question is: Did the use
of a defective crane and damage occur without the actual fault or privity of
the Antara Koh? Buckley LJ in _Asiatic Petroleum Company, Limited v Lennard’s
Carrying Company, Limited_ [1914] 1 KB 419 (“ _Lennard’s Carrying Co_ ”) at
432 said:

The words “actual fault or privity” in my judgment infer something personal to
the owner, something blameworthy in him, as distinguished from constructive
fault or privity such as the fault or privity of his servants or agents. But
the words “actual fault” are not confined to affirmative or positive acts by
way of fault. If the owner be guilty of an act of omission to do something
which he ought to have done, he is no less guilty of an “actual fault” than if
the act had been one of commission. To avail himself of the statutory defence,
he must [show] that he himself is not blameworthy for having either done or
omitted to do something or been privy to something. It is not necessary to
[show] knowledge. If he has means of knowledge which he ought to have used and
does not avail himself of them, his omission so to do may be a fault, and, if
so, it is an actual fault and he cannot claim the protection of the section.

32 I have already referred to Winn LJ’s speech at 348 in _The Lady Gwendolen_
([29] _supra_). It is sufficient if the alleged fault might have been a
contributing cause of the loss; it does not have to be the sole or dominant
cause. As Megaw LJ said in _The England_ [1973] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 373 at 380:

It is for the [shipowners] to prove that the fault was not a cause of the
casualty — and I stress the words “a cause”; because, in my judgment, here, as
in so many other cases where causation is relevant, it is not necessary that
it should be established that a particular matter is the one and only sole and
exclusive cause of the casualty. It is sufficient if it is established that it
is a substantial cause.

I should highlight that the fault or privity of the shipowner must be in
respect of that which causes the loss or damage in question: see _Paterson
Steamships, Ltd v Robin Hood Mills, Ltd_ (1937) 58 Ll L Rep 33.

33 In the case of a corporate shipowner, the identification of particular
individuals within a corporate structure as directing minds of that company is
a question of mixed fact and law. As Lord Reid observed in _Tesco Supermarkets
Ltd v Nattrass_ [1972] AC 153 at 170:

It must be a question of law whether, once the facts have been ascertained, a
person in doing particular things is to be regarded as the company or merely
as the company’s servant or agent.

34 The actual fault where the shipowner is a corporation need not necessarily
be confined to the conduct of the person who is, in the words of Viscount
Haldane LC in _Lennard’s Carrying Company, Limited v Asiatic Petroleum
Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 705 (“ _Lennard’s Carrying Co_ ”) at 713–714 “the
very ego and centre of the personality of the corporation … somebody for whom
the company is liable because his action is the very action of the company
itself”. Willmer LJ at 343 in _The Lady Gwendolen_ said, referring to
_Lennard’s Carrying Co_ :

But neither in the Court of Appeal nor in the House of Lords was it said that
a person whose actual fault would be the company’s actual fault must
necessarily be a director. Where, as in the present case, a company has a
separate traffic department, which assumes responsibility for running the
company’s ships, I see no good reason why the head of that department, even
though not himself a director, should not be regarded as someone whose action
is the very action of the company itself, so far as concerns anything to do
with the company’s ships. In the present case Boucher was not only the head of
the traffic department, but he was also the registered ship’s manager.

35 After discussing _Charlotte v Theory_ (1912) 9 Ll L Rep 341 and _H R Bolton
(Engineering) Co Ltd v T J Graham & Sons Ltd_ [1957] 1 QB 159, Willmer LJ
concluded at 344:

On the principles stated in these cases I should be disposed to say that
actual fault on the part of Boucher, as registered ship’s manager and head of
the traffic department, would be sufficient in the particular circumstances of
the present case to constitute actual fault or privity of the company. But I
do not find it necessary to reach any final conclusion upon this point — for
it seems to me that in the particular circumstances of this case all
concerned, from the members of the board downwards, were guilty of actual
fault in that all must be regarded as sharing responsibility for the failure
of management which the facts disclose. Certainly I would not dissent from the
judge’s view that D.O.Williams, the responsible member of the board, must be
regarded as guilty of actual fault.

36 With these principles in mind, I turn to the present case.

37 Antara Koh is in the civil engineering and marine construction business. It
specialises in marine construction work in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,
Bangladesh and India. At the material time, the company was organised into
five divisions each with its divisional head. They are (a) Finance; (b) Human
Resources; (c) Plant and Machinery; (d) Operations and (e) Procurement. The
company is also a shipowner with 13 vessels such as flat top barges, crane
barges, piling barges and work boats (or anchor handling boats) under its
ownership. The division responsible for the maintenance of the vessels owned
by the company is Plant and Machinery and the plant manager at that time was
Ng Peng Kin (“NPK”). The division responsible for the employment of the
vessels including _Antara Koh B8_ is Operations. The head of Operations is the
general manager of the company, Tay Yew Chong, a civil engineer. Tay Yew Chong
was not called as a witness.

38 At the time of the casualty, the company had three directors: Koh, his wife
and his lawyer. The other two directors have no executive functions. To all
intents and purposes, Koh carries out the functions of management and speaks
and acts as the company. In short, he exercises the powers of the company. In
fact, Koh is the boss of the company. He is not responsible to another person
in the company for the manner in which he discharges his duties in the sense
of being under that person’s orders.

39 It is clear from the evidence that Koh had instructed NPK to maintain the
crane as required by the Operator’s and Maintenance Manual (“the Operator’s
Manual”). NPK confirmed that the company required him to maintain the crane
according to the Operator’s Manual. In fact, Koh disclosed in his affidavit
verifying the plaintiff’s supplementary list of documents that there were no
standing orders for inspection and maintenance save for the Operator’s Manual.
The Operator’s Manual prescribed that the boom chords and lattices were to be
inspected after every 40 hours of usage for signs of damage. NPK could not be
sure that inspections were actually carried out as reported to him. There was,
as he admitted, no system in place to ensure that the boom chords and lattice
were inspected every 40 hours. On top of that, there was no record at all of
the usage of the crane or of the loads it had lifted. NPK agreed with Ms Goh
Wee Ling that there was no system of checks by management to ensure that
management’s directions were complied with. He confirmed that Koh did not
check that he (NPK) complied with the recommendations on maintenance in the
Operator’s Manual. Koh left it to him to do his job. NPK conceded to there
being a causal link between the failure to observe the requirements of the
Operator’s Manual and the failure of the crane on 15 February 2003.

40 Koh said that he occasionally read through the departmental head’s reports
and did spot checks. He claimed that he would go to the Plant Manager’s office
to see that he “globally does his job properly”. He did not elaborate further.
There was, as the evidence showed, no systematic supervisory measures in
place. Koh claimed that he had personal knowledge that this crane barge was
kept in very good working condition. This crane barge was used to relocate the
Merlion in 2002 to her present vista point. For that assignment, the plant and
machinery division had to ensure that the crane was in good working condition.
I tend to believe NPK whose evidence is that Koh left it to him to do his job.
If anything, the Merlion assignment was important enough for Koh to have gone
to look at the crane barge personally. The plaintiff relied upon the Lifting
Equipment Certificate dated 4 September 2002 to show that the crane was fit
and safe for use at the material time. Mr Loo has objected to the
admissibility of the certificate. The maker was not called to testify as to
the correctness of the statements made in the certificate.

41 Mr Bazul accepted in closing submissions that Antara Koh had failed to
comply with the maintenance requirements provided in the Operator’s Manual.
The fallback position was that the plaintiff’s plant manager had failed to
exercise responsible care in ensuring that the crane was maintained in
accordance to the Operator’s Manual and, as NPK acknowledged, this had caused
or contributed to the incident. The argument, it seems, was that the fault of
the plant manager could not be treated as the fault of the company itself.

42 Koh’s management style and attitude, where his manager is held accountable,
would not assist Antara Koh. It is common in business for senior management to
delegate responsibility. Koh could appoint someone to head the Plant and
Machinery division but, if Antara Koh seeks to establish the statutory defence
under s 136 of the MSA, it has to show that Koh, as the person who is
identified as the company, has exercised reasonable care. The mere appointment
of a competent person will not suffice. If Koh does nothing after making the
appointment to see that proper steps are in fact being taken to comply with
his directions, it cannot be said that he has exercised reasonable care.
Reliance on the appointee’s self-discipline (which was said to be the
company’s philosophy) is hardly enough. It is incumbent upon senior management
to implement a system of checks and balances.

43 An owner may be in actual fault because he has not taken some measures to
ensure that his servants perform the duties delegated to them or he does not
define sufficiently what is to be done by them: see _James Patrick and Company
Limited v The Union Steamship Company of New Zealand Limited_ (1938) 60 CLR
650 at 672. An illustration is _The Marion_ [1984] AC 563. In that case, the
shipowner allowed the master to navigate with an obsolete chart on which the
position of an oil pipeline was not marked. The high standard of care on the
shipowner to ensure adequate and up-to-date charts was not met. The law lords
held that the mere delegation of that function to the master did not absolve
the shipowner of being personally at fault. There was no system for
supervising the way in which the master performed that task and therefore no
means by which the shipowner could know whether those responsibilities were
discharged or not.

44 Koh was at fault in failing to institute a proper system to ensure that the
duties of the plant manager delegated to NPK were performed. His omission
contributed to the occurrence of the loss or damage. Koh’s fault was
attributable to the company. The weakness in the boom was not detected until
eventually it could not support the load imposed on it and it failed on 15
February 2003. The crane barge was permitted to operate in conditions where
the effect of deficiencies of the crane boom created a substantial risk of
causing loss to property as well as Antara Koh’s employees and others in
attendance like the tug and her crew. The crane had been lifting submerged
objects (_ie_ , the anchor and anchor chain belonging to a very large crude
carrier) for several hours that evening and that, according to the Operator’s
Manual, would increase the weight of the load. Koh was aware that the crane
was rated for land-based conditions and had not been recalibrated or rated
downwards for use at sea. It is for Antara Koh to prove that the fault did not
contribute to the loss or damage. Significantly, Antara Koh did not lead
evidence to show that even with a system in place, the inadequate welding
would still not have been detected: see _The Norman_ [1960] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1 at
12.

45 I have already stated that Antara Koh has failed to prove that the casualty
was due to the act or omission of the crane operator. Separately, for the
reasons given, it cannot be said that the casualty took place without Antara
Koh’s fault. It follows that Antara Koh is not entitled to a limitation
decree. Eng Tou shall have the costs of the limitation action.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

