Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 24

Case Number | : | Suit 1108/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Gabriel, Ismail bin Atan and Calista Peter (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; James Goon Hoong Seng and Sham Chee Keat (Ramdas and Wong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  City Hardware Pte Ltd — Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd   
  
Credit and Security – Credit sales – Whether transactions constituting sale of
credit facilities – Whether transactions amounting to commission transactions
for banking facilities  
  
Credit and Security – Money and moneylenders – Illegal money-lending – Whether
commercial transactions constituting illegal moneylending – Whether
transactions structured to avoid Moneylenders Act – Section 2 Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Personal Property – Passing of property – Whether purchaser needing to take
possession of goods before delivery can be considered complete  
  
Words and Phrases – "moneylending" and "loan of money" – Section 2
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

31 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

**Introduction**

1 In these proceedings, the defendant pleads that certain commercial
transactions it has entered into with the plaintiff ought to be voided. It
asserts that these transactions constitute _de facto_ and _de jure_
moneylending. The parties’ rival contentions squarely bring into sharp focus
the objectives and ambit of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“MLA”). Is the MLA invariably contravened whenever the object of a
transaction is to raise money?

2 The plaintiff is engaged in the business of selling and distributing
sanitary fittings, in addition to other household goods and appliances. Its
recent average annual turnover was in the region of $30m. Lau Chui Chew
(“LCC”) has been the managing director of the plaintiff since its
incorporation.

3 The defendant used to trade in electrical appliances and electronic
equipment. Since 2003, however, it has remained a dormant company. Goh Boon
Chye (“GBC”) was the managing director of the defendant while it conducted
business.

4 LCC became acquainted with GBC in or around 1990 while GBC was an employee
of Pertama Holdings Ltd (“Pertama”). Around this time, Thunderflash Enterprise
Sdn Bhd (“Thunderflash”), a Malaysian company, whose managing director was an
acquaintance of both LCC and GBC, proposed a trading relationship between the
plaintiff and Pertama. Given that Pertama was averse to extending credit to
foreign companies, Thunderflash could not obtain credit directly from Pertama
for any electronic goods it sought. Thunderflash therefore proposed that the
plaintiff purchase any such goods from Pertama and subsequently resell these
goods to Thunderflash at a profit. This arrangement proved to be beneficial to
all the parties involved and subsisted uneventfully until about 1992.

5 In these transactions (“Thunderflash transactions”), the plaintiff would
purchase the goods that were required by Thunderflash from Pertama by paying
cash. The plaintiff would then resell the same goods to Thunderflash on
credit. GBC would initially settle the particulars of the goods desired and
invoices required after discussions with Thunderflash, and thereafter arrange
for Pertama to issue invoices to the plaintiff. The plaintiff would then
instruct its bank to make payment directly to Pertama. After Pertama’s receipt
of the moneys, GBC would arrange for delivery of the goods from Pertama
directly to Thunderflash.

6 Subsequently, GBC left the employ of Pertama and incorporated his own
company, Perdana Electronics Pte Ltd (“Perdana”). In late 1999, GBC proposed
to the plaintiff that they initiate similar sub-sale arrangements for goods
that Perdana intended to procure from overseas suppliers (“Perdana
transactions”). The plaintiff was amenable to this proposal. GBC in turn
liaised with the overseas suppliers directly. The overseas suppliers would
thereafter address the invoices to the plaintiff; these invoices would be
forwarded by the overseas suppliers to GBC who would then hand them over to
the plaintiff, who subsequently arranged for its bank to issue letters of
credit in favour of the various overseas suppliers. The plaintiff would then
invoice Perdana for payment. Perdana would pay the plaintiff a marked-up price
which the plaintiff contends included a profit for arranging the banking
facilities and the delivery of the goods to Perdana by its forwarding agent,
Confi Logistics Pte Ltd (“Confi”).

**The genesis of the claims**

7 In February 2000, GBC approached the plaintiff and proposed a similar
trading relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant, which he had
recently incorporated. The overseas suppliers for this relationship were
mainly from Hong Kong and Taiwan. The arrangement involving these overseas
suppliers (“Overseas transactions”) lasted from about February 2000 to January
2002. The structure of the Overseas transactions was conceptualised by GBC who
would also determine the type and quantity of goods that were to be purchased.
GBC directly negotiated with the overseas suppliers without reference to LCC.
It also appears that GBC apparently held himself out, from time to time, to be
a representative of the plaintiff. Various letters from overseas suppliers
addressed to the plaintiff were expressly marked to his attention.

8 The invoices from the overseas suppliers, although addressed to the
plaintiff, were again sent to GBC at his home. GBC would thereafter forward
the invoices to the plaintiff. The plaintiff in turn would arrange for its
bank to issue the letters of credit in favour of the overseas suppliers. When
the goods arrived in Singapore, the plaintiff’s port clearance agent, Confi,
would arrange for the port clearance and deliver the goods to the defendant.
The plaintiff would invoice the defendant for the goods with a mark-up, which
it asserts signified its profit margin.

9 GBC would periodically visit the plaintiff’s office to sign the plaintiff’s
invoices to confirm that the goods had been delivered to the defendant in good
order and condition and that the invoiced amounts were correct. Payment of
these invoices would be made in accordance with the credit period agreed
between GBC and LCC for each transaction. The credit periods varied between
the various transactions, ranging from one to three months.

10 Around March 2000, soon after the commencement of the Overseas
transactions, GBC visited the plaintiff’s office with a proposal. GBC desired
to expand the defendant’s trading relationship with the plaintiff. He offered
a cheque signed in blank (“the Cheque”) to LCC in order to reassure the
plaintiff of his personal commitment in the event of a default by the
defendant. The plaintiff, through LCC, accepted the Cheque as security for any
default by the defendant in meeting its payment obligations to the plaintiff.
It is pertinent to note that the payee’s name in the Cheque was left blank and
the printed words “or bearer” were not deleted. The Cheque was a bearer
instrument.

11 In or about June 2000, GBC again approached the plaintiff and proposed
further transactions with another local supplier, Aloh Pte Ltd (“Aloh”). The
negotiations apropos the goods to be purchased from Aloh were left, as in the
earlier Thunderflash transactions, the Perdana transactions and the Overseas
transactions, entirely to GBC. Again, GBC solely determined both the goods to
be purchased and their prices, arranging for the invoices to be forwarded to
the plaintiff. The plaintiff would then instruct its bank to make payment
directly to Aloh. GBC would directly arrange for delivery of the goods from
Aloh to the defendant (“Aloh transactions”).

12 The plaintiff was aware that Aloh had a close working relationship with the
defendant but denies any knowledge of the actual ownership and/or business
operations of Aloh throughout the course of the trading relationship. In
reality, Aloh was another front for GBC. It is only now established that GBC’s
brother-in-law and his wife, who were until May 2002 the ostensible directors
cum shareholders of Aloh, had completely left the day-to-day management of
that company to GBC. GBC’s wife offered the following explanation for the
charade:

A: Because there are certain goods which, initially because Kenrich is solely
under my name and my husband’s name, so _Aloh is under my brother’s name, so
we can use Aloh to buy goods from certain suppliers_ , because if they were to
know that Aloh belongs to us, some of them might not want to supply goods, so
we need Aloh to buy certain goods, then sell to Kenrich.

Q: So some suppliers would not know that Aloh and Kenrich are controlled by
the same people.

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

13 I accept LCC’s evidence that he implicitly trusted GBC and believed that
Aloh was an independent supplier. The provision of the Cheque by GBC had also
fortified his confidence in the viability of the business transactions and
GBC’s _bona fides_. Aloh and the defendant maintained different premises and
had separate administrative staff. Indeed it was established, when GBC and his
wife were cross-examined, that GBC had not only signed on behalf of Aloh all
delivery orders and invoices but had used a wholly different signature when
attesting to the Aloh documents. When queried why he employed different
signatures, GBC’s hesitant and unconvincing response revealed that he did not
want his suppliers to know that Aloh was owned by him. That is not the whole
truth. I accept that he similarly did not want the plaintiff to be aware of
his actual relationship with Aloh. It also bears mention that until the Aloh
transactions materialised late in the relationship, all the suppliers the
defendant introduced to the plaintiff were independent entities. LCC, by dint
of the hitherto successful and unblemished relationship with GBC, had absolute
confidence in him. The Aloh transactions were carried out in a manner broadly
similar to all the earlier transactions they had been involved in together.

14 The plaintiff would invoice the defendant for the goods inclusive of the
mark-up which had been agreed to prior to each transaction. The defendant
would sign the plaintiff’s invoices to confirm that it had received the goods
in good order and condition and that the price of the goods, inclusive of the
mark-up, was acceptable. It is incontrovertible that the transactions bore
_ex-facie_ all the adornments of regular sale and purchase transactions
conducted at an arm’s length.

15 The plaintiff facilitated the Aloh transactions by purchasing the goods for
cash from Aloh and selling them on credit to the defendant. It is noteworthy
that goods and services tax (“GST”) was paid on each leg of the transactions,
that is to say, in relation to the plaintiff’s purchase from Aloh as well as
the defendant’s purchase of the same goods from the plaintiff. The structure
of the relationship would not have struck one as a sophisticated subterfuge;
nor was it an elaborate guise to evade the provisions of the MLA. It is clear,
from the testimony given during the trial itself, that the parties did not
view the transactions at the material time as moneylending transactions,
although GBC now strenuously contends otherwise.

16 The defendant paid for all the transactions with the exception of those
which form the subject matter of the plaintiff’s present claim against the
defendant, outlined as follows:

**No** |  **Date** |  **Plaintiff’s Tax Invoice No** |  **Amount (S$)**  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  27 February 2002 |  2594 |  134,140.19  
2 |  3 April 2002 |  2602 |  139,528.93  
3 |  26 April 2002 |  2605 |  118,529.05  
4 |  7 May 2002 |  2609 |  104,165.64  
5 |  29 May 2002 |  2612 |  116,230.16  
|  Less: Payment received between 25 January 2003 to 28 June 2003 |  ( 35,972.43)  
|  **Balance due:** |  **576,621.54**  
  
17 The plaintiff has in addition claimed the sum of $5,203.99 being
transportation charges paid to Confi for the Overseas Trades.

18 Initially, the defendant disputed neither its liability to make payment nor
the quantum claimed, issuing on the contrary, several post-dated cheques in
the plaintiff’s favour. Part-payment in the sum of $35,972.43 was made between
January 2003 and June 2003. The final part payment of $3,500 was made on 28
June 2003. After failing to receive the balance of the outstanding amount from
the defendant, the plaintiff proceeded in accordance with GBC’s purported
mandate to complete the Cheque for that amount. The Cheque was then deposited
with the plaintiff’s bank for clearance, but to no avail. When the Cheque was
returned, the plaintiff made a personal claim against GBC. GBC denied any
liability with regard to the Cheque and proceedings were then initiated by the
plaintiff against GBC for failing to honour his liability on the Cheque. I
deal with this claim separately in my judgment in _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Goh
Boon Chye_ [2005] SGHC 25.

**The statutory objective of the MLA**

19 Farwell J, in examining the _raison d’être_ of the English Money-lenders
Act 1900 (c 51) in _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584, observed at 590:

The Act was intended to apply only to persons who are really carrying on the
business of money-lending as a business, not to persons who lend money as an
incident of another business or to a few old friends by way of friendship.
_This particular Act was supposed to be required to save the foolish from the
extortion of a certain class of the community_ who are called money-lenders as
an offensive term. [emphasis added]

20 The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Lorrain Esme Osman v Elders Finance Asia
Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 369 at 378, [39] endorsed these observations and stated
“what he [Farwell J] said in respect of the English Money-lenders Act 1900 is
equally true of the [MLA]”.

21 A helpful conspectus of the views that the English Select Committee took
into account in enacting the English Money-lenders Act 1900 is contained in
the Crowther Committee’s _Report on Consumer Credit_ (Cmnd 4596, 1971) at para
2.1.22:

… Much of the evidence given to the Committee, and to its successor appointed
in 1898, was concerned with such victims of the rapacious moneylender as the
widow forced to borrow on a bill of sale of her household effects, and the
young son of the aristocracy who in the course of sowing his wild oats ran up
large debts, at exorbitant interest, which his family were later blackmailed
into paying to avoid the publicity of court proceedings. _The 1898 Committee
took a wide and humane view of its task and in its report expressed grave
concern as to the harmful social consequences of moneylending by professional
moneylenders at high rates of interest_. _The Committee drew attention to
numerous abuses – including extortionate rates of interest, concealment of the
terms of the contract from the borrower and ruthless enforcement measures –
and recommended widespread reforms_. The resulting legislation, namely the
Money-lenders Act 1900, was the first enactment specifically regulating the
business of moneylending otherwise than by pledge. [emphasis added]

22 A court has to bear in mind these crucial observations when interpreting
and applying the provisions of the MLA. It cannot be denied that _ex facie_ ,
its provisions have an extensive reach appearing to embrace a myriad of
commercial situations. In my view, it would nonetheless be wholly
inappropriate to apply the MLA to commercial transactions between experienced
business persons or entities, which do not _prima facie_ have the
characteristics of moneylending. Having said that, I am constrained to observe
that the position could be quite different if the parties had wilfully
attempted to structure a transaction so as to evade the application of the
MLA. For good measure, I also emphasise that a person or entity that carries
on a business with the primary object of conducting unlicensed moneylending
cannot avoid the severe consequences of an infraction of the MLA’s provisions
by pointing out the benefits the borrower has received or derived from the
transactions. The court has no alternative but to give effect to the draconian
consequences of an infraction in the event that the MLA is offended.

**The task of the court**

23 The MLA prohibits the business of moneylending and not the act of
moneylending: _Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v Ghaanthimathi_ [1991] SLR 432. While
the MLA defines a moneylender as a person “whose business is that of
moneylending”, it does not assist in explicitly defining what constitutes
lending or the loan of money. In this context, I find the discussion in
Clifford L Pannam, _The Law of Money Lenders in Australia and New Zealand_
(The Law Book Company Limited, 1965) at p 6, to be of great assistance in both
construing and applying the MLA. The learned author states:

A loan of money may be defined, in general terms, as a simple contract whereby
one person (“the lender”) pays or agrees to pay a sum of money in
consideration of a promise by another person (“the borrower”) to repay the
money upon demand or at a fixed date. The promise of repayment may or may not
be coupled with a promise to pay interest on the money so paid. The essence of
the transaction is the promise of repayment. As Lowe J. put it in a judgment
delivered on behalf of himself and Gavan Duffy and Martin JJ.: “‘Lend’ in its
ordinary meaning in our view imports an obligation on the borrower to repay.”
Without that promise, for example, the old _indebitatus_ count of money lent
would not lay. _Repayment is the ingredient which links together the
definitions of “loan”_ to be found in the _Oxford English Dictionary_ , the
various legal dictionaries and the text books. _In essence then a loan is a
payment of money to or for someone on the condition that it will be repaid_.
[emphasis added]

24 A loan need not be given directly to the borrower. It suffices that the
borrower gives directions on the disbursement of the moneys. What constitutes
lending must of course remain a question of fact in every case. Careful
consideration has to be given to the form and substance of the transaction as
well as the parties’ position and relationship in the context of the entire
factual matrix. It is axiomatic that if there has been no lending there can be
no moneylending.

25 It ought to be stressed, however, that the court ought not to be
overzealous in analysing or deconstructing a transaction in order to infer
and/or conclude that the object of the transaction was to lend money. Salutary
advice against adopting such an investigative factual witch-hunt is to be
found in the seminal decision of _Chow Yoong Hong v Choong Fah_ _Rubber
Manufactory_ [1962] AC 209 (“ _Chow Yoong Hong_ ”) at 216 where Lord Devlin
stated with his customary clarity and authoritativeness:

The fundamental error that underlies the defendants’ case on both groups of
cheques is that because they were, so they say, in need of ready cash, and
because the plaintiff supplied them with it and made, if he did, a profit out
of doing so, therefore there was a loan and a contract for its repayment.
There are many ways of raising cash besides borrowing. One is by selling book-
debts and another by selling unmatured bills, in each case for less than their
face value. Another might be to buy goods on credit or against a post-dated
cheque and immediately sell them in the market for cash. Their Lordships are,
of course, aware, as was Branson J., that transactions of this sort can easily
be used as a cloak for moneylending. _The task of the court in such cases is
clear. It must first look at the nature of the transaction which the parties
have agreed. If in form it is not a loan, it is not to the point to say that
its object was to raise money for one of them or that the parties could have
produced the same result more conveniently by borrowing and lending money_.
But if the court comes to the conclusion that the form of the transaction is
only a sham and that what the parties really agreed upon was a loan _which
they disguised_ , for example, as a discounting operation, then the court will
call it by its real name and act accordingly. [emphasis added]

26 This brief overview of moneylending legislation would be incomplete if no
reference is made to the oft-cited decision of Branson J in _Olds Discount Co
Ltd v John Playfair Ltd_ [1938] 3 All ER 275 at 280:

Unless there was evidence upon which it would be proper for the court to act
that the parties had deliberately entered into those documents knowing that
they did not represent what had been agreed between them, but that what had
been agreed between them was something quite different, it seems to me that
_the proper course for the court to take is to accept the formal agreements
between the parties, and to decide their rights according to those
agreements_. [emphasis added]

**Judicial pragmatism**

27 The common law courts have approached the application of the MLA and its
progenitors with caution and pragmatism. It has been recognised that these
statutory provisions have the salutary objective of proscribing rapacious
conduct by unlicensed and unprincipled moneylenders. Nonetheless, it has never
been the objective of these statutes to prohibit or impede legitimate
commercial intercourse between commercial persons. Instances of this practical
approach are recurrent and are exemplified in several judicial decisions such
as:

(a) _Olds Discount Co Ltd v John Playfair Ltd_ , where it was held that the
sale of book debts is not a moneylending transaction;

(b) _Chow Yoong Hong_ , where it was held that discounting cheques does not
amount to moneylending;

(c)_A J Brush Ltd v Ralli Bros (Securities) Ltd_ (1967) 117 New LJ 212, where
it was held that investing is not moneylending; and

(d) _Frank H Wright (Constructions) Ltd v Frodoor Ltd_ [1967] 1 All ER 433,
where it was held that issuing houses do not conduct moneylending.

28 The Singapore courts have also invariably taken a pragmatic approach in
determining whether a transaction offends both the letter and spirit of the
MLA. Lord Devlin’s _dictum_ in _Chow Yoong Hong_ has been consistently applied
by the courts. If transactions are not loans in nature or in form, the law
will be slow to infer or impute a relationship of moneylending. I shall
briefly refer to some recent decisions. In _Nissho Iwai International
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kohinoor Impex Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 268 at 273–275,
[13] and [18], Lim Teong Qwee JC observed:

In each case the arrangements must be considered as a whole and the substance
looked at to see if the transactions can be categorized as moneylending
transactions and whether any money was lent.

… I think not a few importers who use the available letter of credit lines of
banking facilities of their business associates from time to time would be
surprised if they were told that they were borrowing money by doing that and
that their business associates would require a licence under the Moneylenders
Act. _The second defendant himself saw the transactions as credit sales and
not loans and it was only well into the hearing before the senior assistant
registrar that the Moneylenders Act defence was raised_. In my judgment there
is no loan here at all. the plaintiff’s bank pays the supplier under the
letter of credit and looks to its own customer the plaintiff for
reimbursement. _For arranging this and accepting liability to its bank the
plaintiff charges a commission and reimbursement of the letter of credit
amount and bank charges and interest. These transactions are not loans in
nature or in form_. There is no payment of money or agreement to pay money as
a loan to the first defendant or to any other party authorized by the first
defendant. There is no promise of repayment.

[emphasis added]

29 In _Tan Sim Lay v Lim Kiat Seng_ [1996] 2 SLR 769 at 777, [23], Choo Han
Teck JC (as he then was) had no hesitation in concluding that the practice of
businessmen who extended their banking facilities to associates for a
commission was not tantamount to moneylending:

There is implicit in Lord Devlin’s judgment that such transactions at least
have the colour of a genuine commercial transaction other than pure
moneylending. The defence there failed because the evidence adduced was
inadequate to convince the court that the transactions were not only truly
what they appeared. _Similar transactions may well include the extension by
one party for the use of another the credit facilities at the disposal of the
former in consideration of payment of a commission. Such transactions per se
may not be moneylending_. In the present case, money was actually advanced
which were [_sic_] to be repaid with interest fixed at an exorbitant rate.
[emphasis added]

30 In _Ding Leng Kong v Mok Kwong Yue_ [2003] 4 SLR 637, Woo Bih Li J had to
determine whether certain advances for equity investment amounted to loans. In
determining that the subject transactions did not amount to moneylending, Woo
J astutely observed at [56]:

While I agree with various pleaded defences that Ding had taken advantage of
the situation, that does not necessarily make him a moneylender within the
Act. _Neither does it make Ding’s actions so unconscionable as to deny him the
reliefs he seeks. The transactions were at arm’s length between commercially-
minded persons. After all, Ding was taking the risk that he might not be
repaid even the principal, a risk which has become more real as developments
have shown_. [emphasis added]

**Analysis of the rival contentions**

31 The correct approach to be taken in determining whether a business
transaction amounts to moneylending has been accurately and helpfully set out
in Pannam’s treatise ([23] _supra_) at p 31:

1\. In deciding whether an agreement constitutes a loan the first step is to
carefully examine the nature of the agreement itself.

2\. If the agreement does not constitute a loan then, providing it is genuine,
it is irrelevant that:

(a) it was prepared in that form for the express purpose of avoiding the money
lenders legislation; or,

(b) it could have achieved the same result by being prepared in the form of a
contract of loan.

3\. Once it is established that an agreement, which genuinely embodies the
terms that the parties have agreed upon, does not constitute a loan that is
the end of the question.

4\. If however the evidence shows that an agreement is only a cloak or mask to
cover the real nature of the transaction entered into between the parties then
a court is entitled to go behind the form of the agreement.

5\. The onus of adducing such evidence and of proving such an allegation lies
on the person who makes it.

6\. A court has power to declare that the real nature of the transaction so
revealed is a loan despite the form of the agreement.

32 I should state at the outset that I found GBC a most unsatisfactory
witness. Both his affidavit evidence and his oral testimony were inundated
with glaring and jarring inconsistencies. His oral testimony was punctuated by
long pauses and he was frequently unable to explain his departures from his
earlier written testimony. He attempted to play down these differences by
claiming he was not well educated and that he did not “fully understand what
was in the affidavit”. In spite of these claims, he came across as a shrewd
business operator who was prepared to state whatever it took to stave off his
current financial difficulties. His evidence was characterised by his ability
and willingness to manipulate facts, real or fictitious. LCC, on the other
hand, came across as a relatively straightforward businessman. While he was
certainly not a naïve businessman, green at his gills, I was satisfied that he
had implicitly trusted GBC, accepting what he told him at face value in
connection with the Aloh transactions. The parties had a close and profitable
trading relationship before the defendant’s defaults occurred. It must also be
borne in mind that throughout their decade-long relationship, GBC had honoured
his commitments; furthermore, his related companies had been prompt and good
paymasters. While there were a few creases in LCC’s evidence, he came across,
in the final analysis, as truthful on the material issues relevant to these
proceedings.

33 GBC reluctantly conceded in cross-examination that he viewed the relevant
transactions as “normal like business” until he received legal advice late in
the day in relation to the plaintiff’s claim for the outstanding amounts. In
essence, the plaintiff’s response to the defendant’s defence of moneylending
is that GBC could not directly obtain banking facilities because of his weak
credit standing with financial institutions. The business arrangements the
parties entered into allowed the defendant to utilise the plaintiff’s banking
facilities. The transactions were not shams. Each of them was underpinned by
the actual sale and purchase of tangible goods. GBC acknowledged that the
plaintiff was entitled to believe that actual goods were transacted:

Q: But what we are saying is that there were actual goods involved, and if you
say there were no actual goods, I put it to you, the plaintiff was not aware
of that; do you agree or disagree?

A: I agree.

34 The defendant has pleaded that the plaintiff’s claim is unenforceable as it
is grounded on moneylending. Curiously, however, it pleads that the purported
moneylending was to Aloh and not to the defendant or GBC. When pressed, GBC
had no alternative but to acknowledge that there were no documents to
substantiate this contention. In truth the plaintiff never looked to Aloh for
payment and there were no documents substantiating the existence of any loan
to Aloh or any undertaking or assumption by Aloh to accept responsibility for
any loan or dues to the plaintiff. While there is some evidence of GBC
directing payment of some Aloh cheques to the plaintiff, this never resulted
in a novated relationship between the plaintiff and Aloh. Indeed, GBC
unwittingly conceded that there was “no point in invoicing Aloh, if you
invoice Aloh, then Aloh have to invoice Kenrich again [_sic_]”. This offers a
significant insight into the standing and financial credibility of Aloh. Aloh
was on any account a shell company that GBC had deployed to mask his interest
in the front end of the Aloh transactions. The following testimony of GBC
during the proceedings is pertinent:

Court: You see, Mr Goh, there are two types of transactions you had with Mr
Lau; one was overseas trade … – two transactions were quite different, am I
correct?

A: No, but you think – you know the overseas trade is only for a few bills
after that I stop, then I use Aloh to filter off, not to let him know where my
supplier come from, because he not only dealt with me, he dealt with my former
partner which is – both of us are competitors, that’s why I had to use Aloh to
filter off all the things not to let him know that, okay I’m buying from
Newlane, I’m buying from different suppliers.

Court: You have not said all that on affidavit.

A: Yes, I never write in the affidavit, but that is our business way of doing,
I can show you all the bills which I –

Court: So you did not want Mr Lau to know really who your suppliers were?

A: Yes, because until today he still dealt with my partners.

…

Q: So you want to stop that and you put Aloh into the picture?

A: Yes.

…

Court: Tell me Mr Goh, you say [you] did not want Mr Lau to know who your
overseas suppliers were because you were concerned he would do business with
them directly?

A: Yes, because, you know why, until today he still dealt with my partner,
also electronic goods, same as what I dealt now.

Court: When you say Mr Lau would do business with them directly, he would
engage – you were afraid, once he knew the names, of doing purchases directly
from them.

A: Because there’s a few occasions it happens, same product, different names.
It happens to me; same products, everything the same except the brands,
different, on my competitors in Malaysia, it happens to me.

Court: _Just let me follow up on this; you were concerned that Mr Lau would,
if he knew who your suppliers were, do business with them directly?_

A: Yes.

Court: _But if he’s just a moneylender, why would he want to do business_ –

A: _Because he know a lot of electronics people_. Not only I’m lending from,
there’s many other people who is lending from him.

[emphasis added]

35 It is significant that GBC sought to shield the identities of his suppliers
from the plaintiff. It cannot be gainsaid that the plaintiff was legitimately
engaged in substantial and legitimate business activities. While it left all
arrangements to GBC, the business being transacted was of a nature that had a
close if not overlapping similarity to its principal business of being a
distributor of household appliances and goods. I should also add that the
defence did not adduce an atom of reliable evidence to prove that the
plaintiff conducted similar transactions with other parties or was otherwise
engaged in the business of moneylending.

36 The pleaded defence raises two principal issues. Was any money lent to
Aloh, and if so, was the plaintiff a moneylender as defined by the MLA? It
cannot be credibly argued that there were loans or lending to Aloh by the
plaintiff. As explained earlier at [24] above, the essence of lending is that
it entails a corresponding obligation of repayment. There is no evidence (even
on the basis that GBC’s testimony is unquestioningly accepted) of Aloh having
borrowed or having been lent any money by the plaintiff. The plaintiff had
never invoiced Aloh for any of the transactions. The plaintiff has made no
claim against Aloh. GBC never claimed that Aloh had been lent money until
these proceedings were commenced. Indeed, prior to these proceedings the
defendant accepted that the obligation to repay the outstanding amounts was
its sole responsibility and had attempted to settle the outstandings directly
through, _inter alia_ , post-dated cheques. Given that the defendant now
claims Aloh was a fig leaf, it is dubious how the defendant can now turn
around and claim that Aloh was the principal that liaised with the plaintiff
in arranging for the alleged moneylending and/or was the borrower. If there
was any lending by the plaintiff, it was certainly not to Aloh, or at Aloh’s
behest. The plaintiff was dealing with GBC and the defendant. The plaintiff
did not look to Aloh for repayment.

37 The defendant has not had the temerity to suggest, either in its pleadings
or submissions, that the loan was to GBC. Clearly this contention is not open
to it given the separate legal personalities of the corporate entities
involved. Besides, the plaintiff has not made any claim against GBC on the
basis of the Aloh transactions _per se_. The claim against GBC is grounded on
the Cheque, which is an altogether different cause of action. While the
Defence has not pleaded that the moneylending was at the behest of the
defendant, I pause briefly to consider this point. It is crystal clear that
the defendant did not ask the plaintiff to “lend” money to Aloh. If at all
there was a “loan”, the request to “lend” was made by GBC alone and not the
defendant.

38 On the basis of the existing factual matrix, I determine that it would be
wholly inappropriate to view the Aloh transactions as moneylending. It is
incontrovertible that each of the transactions involved the purchase of real
goods by the defendant. GST was paid for the subject goods both when the
plaintiff purchased them from Aloh and when the defendant in turn re-purchased
them from the plaintiff. The transactions were not structured or intentionally
disguised to evade the MLA. GBC’s wife also accepted that the suppliers to
Aloh and the defendant would not have known that the transactions were “paper
transactions”, and an impression that they were “real transactions” prevailed.

39 It seems highly improbable to me that if these were true “loans” the
plaintiff would have been satisfied with a relatively modest mark-up on the
purchase price of the subject goods in each transaction. Each transaction was
individually negotiated and there was no discussion, let alone agreement, for
continuing interest to be paid in the event of any default by the defendant.
It must be emphasised that the defendant had to pay the same agreed invoiced
amount whether it was prompt or late in effecting payment. The plaintiff made
no claim for accruing interest in these proceedings. It is significant that
the highest mark-up tagged on by the plaintiff in the resales to the defendant
was about nine per cent more than the original price. This would have included
a reasonable profit after taking into account the bank charges and interest
that it had to pay to its bank. The observations of Lord Devlin in _Chow Yoong
Hong_ ([25] _supra_) at 217 on what constitutes “interest” are salient in this
context:

Interest postulates the making of a loan and then it runs from day to day
until repayment of the loan, its total depending on the length of the loan.
... It appears to their Lordships to be very improbable that if the plaintiff
was truly a moneylender and there were truly loans for which the post-dated
cheques were only a form of security, he would have been content that the rate
of discount which he considered remunerative should apply only until maturity
of the cheques (never in any of the 16 cases longer than a month) and
thereafter, if the security proved valueless, to take until repayment only
such rate of interest as the court awarded.

40 Admittedly the plaintiff did not take possession of the subject goods and
left the implementation of the contract administration to GBC:

Q: [I]t would be reasonable for the plaintiff to assume that you had made the
arrangement, as in the case of Thunderflash, where there is no overseas
supply, am I right? Agreed?

A: Yes.

Q: I put it to you, Mr Goh, that the plaintiff would not know whether or not
any physical delivery of goods took place between Aloh and Kenrich; you would
agree with me?

A: Yes.

41 It is trite law that a purchaser need not take possession for delivery to
be complete. In practice many commercial transactions are effected without
possession of goods changing hands as in the case of “string contracts”. GBC
could rightly be viewed as the plaintiff’s agent in taking constructive
possession of the subject goods. It also bears mention that other than in the
Aloh transactions, the plaintiff’s forwarding agent, Confi, took possession of
the goods and delivered the same to the defendant. It would not be correct to
view either these transactions or the Aloh transactions as sham transactions.
As pointed out earlier at [25], it is immaterial that the object of the
exercise was to raise money for the purchase of the goods. The crux of the
matter is whether these transactions, which were supported by regular
documentation and on which the relevant revenue duty was paid, were structured
to avoid the MLA or had characteristics offensive to the MLA. The answer is
no. Indeed, if any party was guilty of subterfuge, it was GBC on behalf of the
defendant. The following exchange clearly explains why GBC adopted the Aloh
structured transactions:

Q: If that is correct then this arrangement is not Mr Lau’s idea.

A: That is not Mr Lau’s idea. The first thing is not to let him know about my
suppliers; secondly it is because I am buying stock from the agent.

Q: So you created Aloh to prevent him from knowing who your suppliers were.

A: Yes.

42 There may perhaps be another legal prism with which to view the subject
transactions even if they are not accepted at face value. It is undisputed
that the defendant could not obtain banking facilities, whereas the plaintiff,
given its standing, had substantial banking facilities. The plaintiff
facilitated the purchase of the goods by the defendant by making arrangements
with its bank to pay directly for the purchase of the goods. It charged a fee
for making these arrangements and absorbed the risk of a default by the
defendant. These transactions could be viewed as a “sale of credit facilities”
by the defendant. The arrangements can also be considered, without any gloss
to the facts, as commission transactions for banking facilities which the
defendant could not directly obtain on its own standing. The mark-up or the
profit element was fixed without any provision for accruing interest in the
event of default. Each of the transactions between the plaintiff and GBC
and/or the defendant was an arms-length transaction between experienced
commercial persons. The mark-up by the plaintiff was negotiated on a
transactional basis. The mark-up appeared to follow a standard formula and did
not exceed nine per cent of the actual purchase price paid by the plaintiff.
This mark-up was neither exorbitant nor unusual. GBC was a shrewd operator and
had managed to profitably operate his business with these arrangements in
place until he ran into his present financial difficulties. It is preposterous
that he should now not only attempt to portray these transactions as acts of
moneylending but that he should claim for restitution apropos the earlier
transactions. As if defaulting on his contractual obligations to the plaintiff
was not sufficient, he now makes an avaricious attempt to recoup a windfall.
This must be denigrated as unprincipled and unseemly commercial conduct.

43 The plaintiff has in the alternative submitted that it comes within
exception (c) in s 2 of the MLA. I agree with Woo Bih Li J’s observation in
_Ding Leng Kong v Mok Kwong Yue_ ([30] _supra_) at [46] that this plea has to
be expressly pleaded if a party intends to rely on it. I therefore hold that
as the plaintiff has not pleaded this exception it is precluded from relying
on it.

44 The defendant also disputes that the amount claimed by the plaintiff is
correct. I note in this connection that the parties have had a running account
for a substantial period. Until the present proceedings were commenced, the
defendant did not take issue with the amount claimed, being content to ask for
more time and issuing post-dated cheques in partial settlement of the
outstanding amount. The defendant has not adduced any credible evidence or
primary documents to contradict the invoiced amounts on which the plaintiff’s
claim is founded. The defendant’s cheques that would purportedly show the
payments made to the plaintiff were not produced in these proceedings. GBC’s
wife conceded in cross-examination that the amount claimed to have been paid
by the defendant was “unsupported” by any primary documentary evidence.
Finally, I also note that LCC was subjected to only a perfunctory cross-
examination on this issue. LCC’s testimony that regular monthly statements of
account were furnished to the defendant was adamantine. He also resolutely
maintained that the accounts were properly maintained and no objections had
been raised by GBC or the defendant challenging the accuracy of the monthly
statements.

45 In the circumstances, I am satisfied that the invoiced amounts accurately
represent the agreements reached between the parties and that the defendant
has no satisfactory evidence to show that the amounts stated therein have been
incorrectly arrived at or should have been reduced because of previous
payments. The plaintiff is entitled to judgment for the amount claimed, namely
the sum of $576,621.54 with interest fixed at 6% from the date of commencement
of these proceedings to date. The defendant’s counterclaim for restitution is
dismissed. The plaintiff is entitled to have the taxed costs of the
proceedings subject to deductions arising from any previous order(s) of costs
in the defendant’s favour.

46 For completeness, I should add that I disallow the plaintiff’s claim for
$5,203.99 being the alleged freight forwarding charges paid to Confi for the
Overseas transactions. There was no evidence of any agreement by the defendant
to pay this amount. In any event, it appears to me that these charges were
part of the services that the plaintiff rendered to the defendant in the
subject transactions and were therefore already accounted for in the invoiced
amounts. The defendant is entitled to the costs of the work incurred in
resisting this claim, which I fix at $750.

**Final observations**

47 The defence of moneylending is often invoked in Singapore by unmeritorious
defendants who are desperate to stave off their financial woes. Such
defendants should not regard the MLA as a legal panacea. It should be viewed
as a scheme of social legislation designed to regulate rapacious and predatory
conduct by unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders. Its pro-consumer protection
ethos was never intended to impede legitimate commercial intercourse or to
sterilise the flow of money. It is not meant to curtail the legitimate
financial activity of commercial entities that are capable of making
considered business decisions. The court has always taken and will continue to
take a pragmatic approach in assessing situations when this defence is raised.
The MLA is not invariably contravened in transactions where the object of the
transaction is to raise money. In the final analysis, the economic objective
of an arrangement to provide credit should not be confused with its legal
nature.

48 The viability of small businesses often depends on their ability to raise
capital, to improve their liquidity and/or to obtain credit. They are often
unable to obtain credit facilities from established financial institutions as
a result of their lack of standing, unpredictable cash flow and higher risk
profile. It is clearly not the objective or intention of the MLA to prevent or
impede legitimate businesses from entering into legitimate arrangements for
improving cash flow; nor is it the objective of the MLA to constrict the flow
of financial liquidity in commerce among smaller businesses.

49 In this context the time may have come for a holistic review of the MLA. It
is to be noted that similar legislation in England and Australia have long
since been repealed. In their place now are more specific and carefully
crafted legislation governing the provision of consumer credit. In my view,
the MLA, while still serving an important, necessary and admirable social
objective, requires considerable fine-tuning to meet the exigencies of the
modern business environment. It is now a blunt instrument. The social and
business environment has seen a sea change over the last century since the
progenitor of the MLA was first enacted in 1902. Our present legislation is
largely modelled upon the Straits Settlements Moneylenders Ordinance 1935 (No
6 of 1935) which in turn was closely fashioned on the English Money-lenders
Act 1900. Should not the MLA be now reviewed against the wider backdrop of
modern consumer credit policies currently relevant to Singapore?

50 Lamentably, desperate defendants counselled in turn by imaginative counsel
frequently invoke the defence of “moneylending” in unmeritorious
circumstances. Claims that ought to be decided summarily morph into
inordinately long and protracted trials simply because “triable” issues have
purportedly been raised, or more accurately, “created”. As a result, even in
relatively straightforward matters, the final and usually inevitable
determinations in favour of legitimate claimants are delayed, and substantial
and irrecoverable legal costs are also incurred – as amply illustrated in the
present instance where the defendant has become dormant. It cannot be gainsaid
that justice delayed is often justice denied. Furthermore, valuable judicial
time is unnecessarily expended in the laborious effort required to winnow the
wheat from the chaff. In the circumstances, there is a compelling case for the
reform of the MLA to redress the currently unsatisfactory position in this
area of the law.

Judgment in part for the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

