Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Wong Sook Mun Christina  
[2005] SGHC 100

Case Number | : | OS 258/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Lam Kuo Wei (Drew and Napier LLC) for the applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Presumptions – Application for court
declaration of presumed death of applicant's father – Application made under s
110 Evidence Act – Whether elements under s 110 satisfied – Whether burden of
proving father dead resting on applicant – Whether appropriate for court to
grant application – Sections 109, 110 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

31 May 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC:

**Introduction**

1 The law exists in order that justice can be achieved. Not justice in the
abstract but, rather, in the context of the very real and complex world where
much injustice would otherwise abound. In few other disciplines are ideal and
actuality so inextricably linked. Unfortunately, however, there will always be
a tension or gap between ideal and actuality. This occurs because the various
facets of the law that have been fashioned to aid the courts in the goal of
achieving justice are necessarily limited in a number of ways.

2 One main limitation is this. It is that each proposition or set of
propositions of law cannot, by their very nature, encompass every possible
factual scenario that arises for decision by the courts. On occasion at least,
the factual matrix is simply not covered by the principle at hand. Under such
circumstances, other legal principles or even extra-legal assistance must be
sought.

3 Unfortunately, this was one instance where the legal principle or rule
concerned could not aid the court. As we shall see, this was not because of
any inherent defect as such within that particular principle or rule. It was
simply not intended to cover the situation in question. That rule was to be
found in s 110 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). Before proceeding to
consider it, however, it would be appropriate to set out the legal issue
arising from a comparatively simple factual matrix.

**The factual matrix and legal issue**

4**** The legal issue arose from a less than ideal fact situation. In many
ways, it was quite tragic. It had its roots in familial disharmony and,
ultimately, fragmentation. Such situations are especially painful because they
involve human relationships that are intended to connect intimately. These
relationships – between husband and wife, between parent and child, as well as
between and amongst siblings – are the microcosm as well as foundation of
community itself.

5 Unfortunately, the ideal of community was, in this particular instance, not
to be. We begin with a husband and a wife who were married on 2 December 1963.
There were three offspring of the marriage – two daughters and a son. The
husband left for the US in an apparently abrupt manner after a quarrel that he
had, presumably, with his wife. This took place in 1979. He did not leave any
forwarding address or contact number; he only stated that he was leaving for
the US. Over a quarter of a century has passed. That is a long period of time,
by any stretch of the imagination. However, there was, with one exception, no
contact between the husband and his wife and/or his children all this while.
The exception occurred in 1994 when, out of the blue, the husband gave the
eldest daughter a power of attorney. The power of attorney originated in the
State of New York and was dated 25 March 1994. This did not confer any benefit
on the family as such. It was related to the matrimonial property and was,
presumably, intended to bring to an end an unhappy marital relationship. The
husband and his wife were then in the midst of divorce proceedings initiated
by the wife in 1993, and which are elaborated upon briefly in the next
paragraph. This was clearly the husband’s perspective, as far as I could see.
There was no indication that he wanted to keep in touch with his family in any
way. This is a significant fact that I shall have occasion to touch on again
later.

6 What is also a significant fact is that the power of attorney mentioned in
the preceding paragraph was given by the husband in response to a petition of
divorce filed by his wife in 1993 (see Divorce Petition No 2342 of 1993). He
did not appear before the court as service of the petition on him was
dispensed with pursuant to an order of court. The decree _nisi_ was granted in
November 1993 and was made absolute in September 1996.

7 It is presently the year 2005. The present application came before me. In
it, the applicant, the younger daughter and indeed youngest child of this
family, sought an order from this court declaring that her father be presumed
dead. The reason for this application was set out in her Affidavit. Put
simply, she stated that the family had suffered much from both financial and
emotional points of view. In particular, in so far as the former perspective
was concerned, her family had hitherto been assisting in financing her
overseas university education at a university in the US. An appeal was made by
the applicant’s mother (through her Member of Parliament) to the Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) Board for the withdrawal of funds in her husband’s
account to assist in alleviating this financial burden. However, the CPF Board
was unable to accede to this request. The CPF Board can only release the funds
to the member on reaching the age of 55 or to his or her nominee in the event
that the member has passed away or has been presumed to have passed away. If
no nominee has been appointed, the funds will be released to the Public
Trustee for distribution in accordance with the Intestate Succession Act (Cap
146, 1985 Rev Ed); hence, the present application.

8 It should be noted that counsel for the applicant, Mr Lam, informed me that
no information had in fact been released by the CPF Board either as to the
amount of funds which were in the applicant’s father’s account or as to
whether or not there was indeed a nominee appointed. Indeed, the CPF Board, in
its letter to the applicant’s mother, stated that “we are not in a position to
assume that a member has passed away although he has been missing for a long
time” and that “[o]nly the Court of Law is able to do so [by way of] an Order
of Presumption of Death”. The applicant’s brother, through his solicitors,
wrote a further letter (dated 29 May 2002) to the CPF Board, informing them
that an application to the court seeking an order for the presumption of death
of his father had been made, and sought confirmation as to whether any
withdrawal of funds had been effected from his father’s account. However, the
CPF Board replied, via a letter of 4 June 2002, thus: “We regret to inform you
that we are unable to disclose to you the information you requested as the
information is strictly confidential.”

9 The presumption the applicant sought to rely upon in the present proceedings
is embodied within s 110 of the Evidence Act, which was briefly alluded to
above. The provision itself reads as follows:

**Burden of proving that person is alive who has not been heard of for 7
years**

**110.** When the question is whether a man is alive or dead, and it is proved
that he has not been heard of for 7 years by those who would naturally have
heard of him if he had been alive, the burden of proving that he is alive is
shifted to the person who affirms it.

10**** In her Affidavit, the applicant details the efforts made – albeit
unsuccessfully – to locate her father. In addition to a much earlier attempt
in relation to the divorce proceedings referred to in [5] above (which
consisted, in the main, in writing to the Embassy of the Republic of Singapore
in the US and to the Controller of Immigration to locate him, and which were
fruitless), the attempts this time around included the following:

(a) Letters were sent by the applicant’s mother’s then solicitors on or about
11 October 1999 to the applicant’s father’s last known address in the US as
well as to the Notary Public (“the Notary Public”) who had notarised the power
of attorney mentioned in [5] above.

(b) Letters, dated 26 February 2001, were sent by solicitors, on behalf of the
applicant’s brother, to both her father and the Notary Public at their last
known addresses.

(c) Letters, dated 15 February 2002, were sent, again on behalf of the
applicant’s brother, to the Controller of Immigration as well as to the
Singapore Embassy in Washington DC (“the Embassy”) (with further reminders to
both dated 1 April 2002). The Controller of Immigration responded via letters
dated 18 February 2002 and 28 February 2002 to the effect that the personal
particulars sought (of the applicant’s father) were confidential. In response
to further correspondence, the Controller of Immigration responded via a
letter dated 12 April 2002 that the information sought “cannot be acceded to”.
The Embassy responded to the applicant’s brother via a letter of 8 May 2002,
stating that there was no record of the applicant’s father and that this could
mean that he had not registered with the Embassy. It also stated that the
Embassy had neither heard from him nor was aware of his latest address,
although it added that the “Singapore Immigration and Registration (SIR)
records show that [the applicant’s father] is still a Singapore citizen and
SIR has not received any death records of him”.

(d) Advertisements were placed locally in _The Straits Times_ of 21 February
2001 and in the US in the _USA Today_ of 25 October 2001.

(e) Letters, dated 27 September 2004, were sent by the applicant’s present
solicitors to both her father and the Notary Public at their last known
addresses.

(f) Advertisements were once again placed locally in _The_ _Straits Times_ of
11 October 2004 and the _Lianhe Zaobao_ of 27 September 2004, as well as
(overseas) in the _USA Today_ of 3 May 2004.

11**** I held, albeit reluctantly, that the above provision did not apply and
that I could therefore not grant the application. I now give the reasons for
my decision.

**Section 110 of the Evidence Act**

12 It will be seen that s 110 of the Evidence Act does not in fact operate in
isolation. It has to be read with the preceding section, _viz_ , s 109.
Section 109 of the Evidence Act itself reads as follows:

**Burden of proving death of person known to have been alive within 30 years**

**109.** When the question is whether a man is alive or dead, and it is shown
that he was alive within 30 years, the burden of proving that he is dead is on
the person who affirms it.

13**** The relevant case law is clear _vis-à-vis_ the relationship between ss
109 and 110. Consistent, in fact, with the literal language of both
provisions, s 110 is viewed as a _proviso_ to s 109 (see, for example,
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ vol 2 (Wadhwa and Company, 15th Ed, 1999) at pp
1553 and 1555, and _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ vol
3 (LexisNexis Butterworths, 17th Ed, 2002) at pp 4273, 4278 and 4283, as well
as the Malaysian High Court decision of _Re Osman bin Bachit_ [1997] 4 MLJ 445
at 448).

14 Applying the two provisions to the present factual matrix, the following
scenario emerges. Under s 109, the burden of proving that a person (here, the
applicant’s father) is dead is on the applicant since it is clear that her
father was in fact alive within the last 30 years. Indeed, he was in touch
with her elder sister with regard to his power of attorney in 1994. Even if we
disregard this last-mentioned event, her father, having left in 1979, was last
seen alive within 30 years.

15 As s 109 applied to impose the burden of proof on the applicant, the issue
then arose as to whether or not s 110 applied to relieve her of that burden.
This was, I take it, the nub of the present application.

16 Unfortunately, however, I had two difficulties. The first was that even if
s 110 applied, the legal effect was to shift the burden of proof back to the
person who was alleging that the person concerned (here, the applicant’s
father) was alive (see also, for example, _Narayan Bhagwant v Shriniwas
Trimbak_ (1905) 8 Bombay LR 226 at 229, _per_ Jenkins CJ). This is as it
should be for the presumption, even at common law (from which, as we shall
see, s 110 was derived), was never a conclusive one. That this is so is made
clear by the literal wording of s 110 itself. Hence, it is always open for the
other party to adduce evidence to rebut the presumption contained in s 110. I
am fortified in my view by the unambiguous proposition in _Sarkar’s Law of
Evidence_ vol 2 ([13] _supra_) at p 1555 that s 110 “is a rebuttable
presumption” (see also _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_
vol 3 ([13] _supra_) at p 4277). This also appears to be the position under
English law (see _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 17(1) (4th Ed Reissue, 2002)
at para 580).

17 However, returning to the facts of the present proceedings, there was in
point of fact no person or entity who was interested in proving that the
applicant’s father was alive. The nearest possibility was the CPF Board but
they were, in my view, neutral. In a nutshell, s 110 does not appear, in and
of itself, to constitute a substantive provision that establishes that the
person concerned is dead, even if the prerequisites contained in that
provision have been satisfied (and compare, for example, _N Prem Ananthi v
Tahsildar, Coimbatore_ AIR 1989 Mad 248).

18 Notwithstanding the analysis in the preceding paragraph, might it
nevertheless be possible for the applicant to argue that s 110 still applies
in her favour based on the case law interpreting this particular section?
Turning to the case law itself, it is clear that the provision itself only
results in a presumption of the _fact_ of death and does _not_ establish the
particular _time_ at which the death itself occurred. The leading decision
embodying this proposition, not surprisingly, hails from India since the
Singapore Evidence Act was based on the Indian Evidence Act (and see
generally, with respect to the law in this area, _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_
vol 2 ([13] _supra_) at pp 1555–1557 and 1559–1561, and _Sir John Woodroffe &
Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ vol 3 ([13] _supra_) at pp 4272, 4273–4275
and 4280–4285). More specifically, it was a decision of the then highest
appellate court in India (and, indeed, of Commonwealth courts generally in the
not too distant past, including Singapore) – that of the Judicial Committee of
the Privy Council in _Lal Chand Marwari v Mahant Ramrup Gir_ AIR 1926 PC 9 (“
_Lal Chand_ ”) (also reported in the English law reports in (1926) TLR 159,
which, incidentally, testifies to its importance as a precedent). This
particular decision has been followed in subsequent (especially Indian) cases
which are too many to list here (see also the Malaysian decision of _R Muthu
Thambi v K Janagi_ [1955] MLJ 47 (“ _Muthu Thambi_ ”)). It should also be
noted that the proposition mentioned in the present paragraph also represents
English law (see, in particular, the seminal decision of _In re Phené’s
Trusts_ (1870) LR 5 Ch App 139 as well as _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ ([16]
_supra_), vol 17(1) at para 581), which was in fact the _source_ of s 110 in
the first instance (see, for example, _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ vol 2 ([13]
_supra_) at p 1555, as well as the Indian decisions of _Shankareppa v
Shivarudrappa_ AIR 1963 Mysore 115 at [8] and _Lal Chand_ , at 11 and 160,
respectively).

19 Given the specific facts of the present case, might it therefore be argued
that s 110 might still apply, in a more general sense, in favour of the
applicant? Whilst this is possible, it could equally be argued (consistent
with the general reasoning in [18] above) that a _strict_ application of the
principle set out above to the effect that the particular time at which death
occurred has to be proved by actual evidence might itself pose a problem even
when s 110 is sought to be invoked in a more general fashion (compare, for
example, the Malaysian High Court decision of _Re Osman bin Bachit_ ([13]
_supra_), especially at 449–450). It should also be borne in mind that, if
actual evidence were required, the applicant’s father in the instant case had
not yet reached “an age so advanced as to exclude the probability of survival”
(see “Presumption of Death” (1912) 57 Sol J 3 at 3 (discussing the case of
_William Robertson Lidderdale_); compare, also, _In the Goods of Matthews_
[1898] P 17). More importantly, however, there is _another_ legal obstacle for
the applicant in so far as the attempt to invoke s 110 successfully is
concerned, to which I now turn.

20 I now proceed to consider the second (and, arguably at least, more
important) point or, rather, difficulty.

21 In order for s 110 to operate in the present case, in addition to
satisfying the requirement of seven years, there is a _second_ element that
must be satisfied (see also _Re Osman bin Bachit_ ([13] _supra_) at 448). In
the context of the facts of the present case, the applicant’s father must “not
[have] been heard of for _7 years_ by those who would _naturally_ have heard
of him if he had been alive” [emphasis added].

22 The requirement of seven years has been satisfied. However, that is not
sufficient. The applicant had also to show that her father had not been heard
of for seven years by “those who would _naturally_ have heard of him if he had
been alive” [emphasis added]. In other words, would her family in general and
the applicant as well as her mother in particular be considered persons “who
would _naturally_ have heard” of the applicant’s father if he had been alive?

23 On one view, they would fall within the category of persons just mentioned
by virtue of blood or marital ties. They were, after all, his next-of-kin,
notwithstanding what appeared to be an irreparable rent in the fabric of
familial relations. However, _this_ was precisely why I was of the view that
the applicant and her mother could _not_ fall within the category of persons
mentioned in s 110 of the Evidence Act. In other words, one has to adopt a
practical and commonsensical view towards the interpretation of this
provision. It is true that there were blood ties. But this was only in the
most literal sense possible. This was due to the fact that the applicant’s
father was wholly and totally estranged from his family in Singapore. He
appeared, in my view, to want to have nothing to do with them. Even when a
power of attorney was sent to his eldest daughter, this was merely in response
to the divorce proceedings commenced by his wife. As already mentioned in [5]
above, this power of attorney did not appear to embody any claim by him over
the matrimonial property. It appeared that he simply wanted nothing more to do
with the family and that this was his way of cutting off the last ties to his
family. Under these circumstances, I do not think that the applicant and her
mother (as well as the applicant’s two siblings) could be considered as “those
who would _naturally_ have heard of” the applicant’s father if he had been
alive. On the contrary, they would probably be the last persons whom he would
want to contact. This is unfortunate but true.

24 That this particular element or requirement of s 110 is important is also
evident from the case law (see, for example, _Halsbury’s Laws of England_
([16] _supra_) at para 580, as well as _per_ Lord Blackburn in the House of
Lords decision of _Prudential Assurance Company v Edmonds_ (1877) 2 App Cas
487 at 509). Indeed, although each case is obviously different simply because
the respective fact situations will almost invariably be different, the
general approach adopted in the present case – centred on a practical and
commonsensical view that does justice to the particular facts at hand – is
also evident in the case law (see also generally _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed
Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ vol 3 ([13] _supra_) at pp 4285–4286).

25 In the Indian decision of _East Punjab Province v Bachan Singh_ AIR 1957
Punjab 316, it was held that a person absconding from justice (here, to evade
a trial upon a charge of murder) “would … not communicate with any relation in
the natural course of events because to do so would reveal his whereabouts and
he might be apprehended by the police and prosecuted” (_per_ Khosla J at 317,
with whom Falshaw J agreed).

26 In another Indian decision, _Surjit Kaur v Jhujhar Singh_ AIR 1980 P & H
274 (“ _Surjit Kaur_ ”), it was held, _inter alia_ (at [15]), that a person
who has deserted his wife would not naturally have communicated with her
(reference may also be made to _Muthu Thambi_ ([18] _supra_)). In yet another
Indian decision, _Kamtabai v Umabai_ AIR 1929 Nagpur 127, it was observed, in
a similar vein thus (_per_ Macnair AJC, at 127):

[Section 110 of the Evidence Act] has no application as a wife, who left her
husband and is in the keeping of another, is not one of the persons who would
naturally hear from him if he were alive.

27 Nor, so it was also held in _Surjit Kaur_ (at [15]), would it have been
natural for that same person to have communicated with a person where the
former was the son of the sister-in-law of the latter; such a relationship was
characterised as being “rather remote” (see _ibid_ at [15]).

28 Somewhat closer to home, reference may also be made to the Malaysian High
Court decision of _Re Osman bin Bachit_ ([13] _supra_) at 448 for a succinct
account of relevant cases from various jurisdictions. Reference may also be
made to _Muthu Thambi_ at 49.

29 In so far as instructive English precedents are concerned, Professor
Treitel, in a seminal article, not only stated some relevant general
principles but also succinctly covered many of the leading cases in the
following observations (see G H Treitel, “The Presumption of Death” (1954) 17
MLR 530 at 531–532 (footnotes omitted, with a few of the relevant decisions
cited by the learned author set out in square brackets)):

It is impossible to lay down any definite rule as to who are the persons who
would have been likely to hear of the propositus. Generally speaking they are
his close relations or neighbours [see _Doe d France v Andrews_ (1850) 15 QB
756; 117 ER 644]. _But their evidence is not sufficient if there are
circumstances other than death to account for the absence and lack of news.
Thus a man who is a fugitive_ from justice, from creditors, _from his family_
[see, for example, _Watson v England_ (1844) 14 Sim 28; 60 ER 266 and _Bowden
v Henderson_ (1854) 2 Sm & G 360; 65 ER 436]_, or from his fiancée cannot be
expected to communicate with the persons who, but for such escape, would have
been likely to have heard from him_. [emphasis added]

30 In any event, however, it was clear to me that, on the facts of the present
case, the applicant had not taken sufficient steps to ascertain whether or not
her father was still alive. It is true that, on a literal construction of s
110 itself, it might be argued that that provision does not include this
particular requirement. At common law, however, it appears clear that this is
indeed a requirement (see, for example, _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ ([16]
_supra_), vol 17(1) at para 580, as well as _per_ Sir Boyd Merriman P in
_Chipchase v Chipchase_ [1939] P 391 at 394; though compare _Re Watkins,
Watkins v Watkins_ [1953] 2 All ER 1112). It appears to me that both logic and
commonsense (as well as the common law from which the present provision was in
fact derived) suggest that such a requirement ought to be incorporated as part
of s 110 itself, and this view appears to have been confirmed in the Malaysian
context (see the Malaysian High Court decision of _Re Gun Soon Thin_ [1997] 2
MLJ 351 at 359). Such an approach acknowledges that the operation of s 110 is
not one-sided, so to speak. Indeed, an extreme example occurs where it is
sought to invoke s 110 where another method for proving the death of a
particular individual clearly exists. Such a use of s 110 as a device of
convenience may in fact border on abuse and cannot be permitted, as the
Singapore High Court decision of _Lim Ah Khee v Legal Representative of the
Estate of Ong Koh Tee, deceased_ [1994] 2 SLR 769 clearly illustrates. In this
particular case, a search at the Registry of Births and Deaths for the
relevant death certificate would have sufficed, but the applicant was not
prepared to wait for the Registry to go through their records. Not
surprisingly, Kan Ting Chiu JC (as he then was) dismissed the application made
pursuant to s 110.

31 Turning to the facts of the present case, those who allegedly would
“naturally have heard of” (here) the applicant’s father (including, of course,
the applicant herself) cannot simply rely upon the applicant’s father to
attempt to contact them. If they would “naturally have heard of” him, it would
not be inappropriate for them to have taken steps to contact him too. In
fairness, they did, as alluded to above, take some steps. The steps taken have
already been set out in [10] above. Unfortunately, they were not, in my view,
sufficient. Let me elaborate.

32 The first efforts in relation to the present proceedings were made in 1999.
This was some 20 years after the applicant’s father had left the family for
the US. It was also some five years after the applicant’s elder sister had
received the power of attorney from her father. It is not surprising,
therefore, that the Notary Public who had notarised the power of attorney
could no longer be contacted at the address which was, presumably, gleaned
from the power of attorney itself. By parity of reasoning, it is also not
surprising that the applicant’s father could also not be contacted at his
last-known address.

33 It stands to reason that subsequent letters sent in 2001 and 2004 to the
_same_ addresses mentioned in the preceding paragraph were doomed to meet the
same fate as the letters sent in 1999.

34 The advertisements placed in both the local newspapers as well as the US
newspaper entitled _USA Today_ in 2001 and 2004, in my view, also constituted
insufficient steps. The efforts were, with respect, only token efforts. They
were too few and far between, and were akin to casting a line for a small
select shoal of fish in a vast ocean. The odds of the applicant’s father
having had notice of these advertisements was extremely low, to say the least.

35 Finally, I note the response by the Controller of Immigration (see [10]
above). The response by the Controller was, in my view, neutral at best and
detrimental at worst. Although it is true that one cannot draw a clear
conclusion from this response, it seemed to me that such a response was
equally consistent with the applicant’s father still being alive, although it
was not within the power of the Controller (at least as he or she viewed it)
to disclose such information to the applicant.

**Conclusion**

36**** This was not a situation where an applicant was seeking to prove that a
loved one was presumed dead. That usually happens in a situation where a
disaster has occurred or where the circumstances are such as to lead the
applicant concerned to reasonably suspect that something has gone horribly
wrong in so far as his or her loved one is concerned (compare, in this regard,
for example, _In the Estate of William Lancelot Walker_ [1909] P 115, _Re A
Penhas Deceased_ [1947] MLJ 78 and _Re Gun Soon Thin_ ([30] _supra_);
reference may also be made to _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ vol 2 ([13] _supra_)
at p 1562).

37 Whilst I am not unsympathetic towards the applicant’s plight, I was unable
to find that s 110 of the Evidence Act operated in her favour on the facts of
the present case for the reasons I have set out above.

38 Whilst it is true that the law might not be able to offer the applicant a
solution, her situation is not, in my view, wholly without hope. However, it
seems to me that any plausible solution would lie in the extra-legal sphere.
In particular, the world is now more interconnected than it has ever been at
any other time in human history. This applies not simply to physical
connection but to remote access as well. The Internet is a powerful
instrument. Used wisely, it can be a great aid – in this case, to aid the
applicant in locating the whereabouts of her father. Even if he had in fact
passed away, confirmation of this fact would also allow the family to have
closure after more than two decades.

39 There might also be other possible (and reasonable) ways of attempting to
contact the applicant’s father which are not merely stabs in the dark or
searching for a needle in a haystack. As I have mentioned, methods of
communication and research have improved greatly in the intervening decades.

40 It is hoped that some good might come out of this application even though I
could not grant it. It might be that, with greater efforts, the applicant’s
father, assuming he is still alive, might somehow be contacted or might be
alerted to the search for him.

41 On the other hand, if, unfortunately, it is found that the applicant’s
father has indeed passed on, there would nevertheless be closure for the
entire family. In that event, the applicant would clearly have the legal right
to apply successfully for the release of the funds in her father’s CPF account
without even having to resort to s 110 of the Evidence Act or any other
statutory provision or rule of common law for that matter.

**A coda**

42**** Not surprisingly, perhaps, s 110 may be in need of legislative reform.
This is not surprising, perhaps, in view of the fact that it is embodied in an
Act which had its genesis more than a hundred years ago. Equally unsurprising
is the fact that other provisions of the Evidence Act may also be in need of
legislative reform – for example, the parol evidence rule as embodied within
ss 93 and 94 (and see generally _China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd (formerly known as Liberty Citystate Insurance Pte
Ltd)_ [2005] SGHC 40 at [57]–[63], and where to the possible legislative
reforms briefly referred to at [62] should be added the reforms proposed by
the Indian Law Commission in its latest _Report_ ([47] _infra_)).

43 Let us return, specifically, to the presumption of death in general and s
110 in particular.

44 Very significantly, in my view, the then Vice-Chancellor, Sir L Shadwell,
observed as far back as 1844, in the English decision of _Watson v England_
([29] _supra_) at 29, thus:

The old law relating to the presumption of death is daily becoming more and
more untenable. For, owing to the facility which travelling by steam affords,
a person may now be transported in a very short space of time from this
country to the back woods of America, or to some other remote region where he
may be never heard of again.

45 And, in a similar vein, in the 1963 Indian decision of _Shankareppa v
Shivarudrappa_ ([18] _supra_), the court observed thus (at [19]):

I should like to mention that under the changed circumstances the continuance
of [s 110] would be a source of immense troubles. We are in an age of
aeroplane and sputniks. Death in unknown places and under unidentifiable
circumstances is a matter of every day occurrence. That being so, [s 110]
would work to the detriment of the heirs of the deceased. Hence it might be
advisable to delete that provision.

46 Indeed, it has been argued that “in contemporary English litigation the
presumption of death has little, if any, practical effect” and that “it is
difficult to see that the concept serves any purpose at all” (see D Stone,
“The Presumption of Death: A Redundant Concept? (1981) 44 MLR 516 at 516;
though compare Treitel ([29] _supra_) at 545, where a couple of safeguards are
proposed in situations where it turns out that the presumption of death has
been wrongly applied). As we have seen, s 110 was itself premised on the
common law (see [18] above).

47 Even more recently, and moving to possible _legislative_ reform, it is of
no mean significance that in the jurisdiction from which our Evidence Act
emerged (India), the Indian Law Commission recently undertook an extremely
comprehensive review of its own Evidence Act which stretched to slightly over
1,000 pages in total, and which included (not surprisingly, perhaps)
recommendations for reform for the equivalent of s 110 as well as ss 93 and 94
of our Evidence Act (see generally Law Commission of India, _185th Report on
Review of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872_ (March 2003), and available online,
at the time of writing, at
<http://www.lawcommissionofindia.nic.in/reports.htm>). This was not the Indian
Law Commission’s first attempt in recent history. An earlier comprehensive
attempt in fact took place as far back as 1977 but, unfortunately, had to be
“sent back to the Law Commission only on the ground of lapse of time before it
was implemented” (see the covering letter in the present _Report_ by Justice M
Jagannadha Rao).

48 In so far as the equivalent of s 110 was concerned, in brief summary, the
Indian Law Commission recommended, in its present _Report_ ([47] _supra_),
that the presumption in that particular provision be _modified_ (see generally
at pp 466–480). In particular, it was of the following view (at p 479):

We are, therefore, convinced that from the date a person’s whereabouts are not
known, as stated in [s 110], _a presumption arises about his death at the end
of seven years_ and then, as provided in [s 110], after seven years, the
burden shifts to the party who wants to prove that he was alive thereafter, to
prove that fact. If that burden is not discharged, a presumption of death on
the expiry of seven years must follow. It must also be made clear however that
if a person wants to contend that a person whose whereabouts are not known had
died on any particular date within the seven years, then, of course, as stated
in _Re Phené’s Trusts_ [[18] _supra_] and _Lalchand’s case_ [[18] _supra_],
the burden must be on him to prove that fact. [emphasis in original]

49 In the circumstances, the Indian Law Commission recommended (at p 480) the
following draft provision in place of the Indian equivalent of s 110 of the
Singapore Evidence Act (ss 107 and 108 of the Indian Evidence Act correspond
to and in fact are _in pari materia_ with ss 109 and 110 of the Singapore
Evidence Act):

**Burden of proving that a person is alive who has not been heard of for seven
years**

**108.** Notwithstanding anything contained in section 107, where the question
is whether a man is alive or dead, or was alive or dead at a particular time,
and it is proved that he has not been heard of for seven years or more by
those who would naturally have heard of him if he had been alive, the burden
of proving that he was alive during any period after the expiry of seven years
shall be upon the person who affirms it and if the said burden is not
discharged, the Court shall, as respects such period starting from the expiry
of seven years, presume that the person was dead.

Explanation:- If any question is raised that the man died on any particular
date during the period of seven years aforesaid, the burden of proving that he
died on such date during that period, shall be on the person who so affirms,
and the presumption referred to in this section has no application.

50 Again, the issue of legislative reform is obviously outside the purview of
the courts. What is clear, however, is that the law is ever-changing and
proposed reforms in various jurisdictions are ever-increasingly accessible in
a world that has become interconnected, in a myriad of ways, more than at any
other time in its history. Where, therefore, legislative reforms or proposals
in other jurisdictions are germane, they might well be considered and even
adopted if to do so would enhance both the efficiency as well as fairness of
the existing law in Singapore.

Application dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

