Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 198

Case Number | : | OS 1164/2005, SIC 5275/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Stanley Lai and Candace Ler (Allen and Gledhill) for the applicant; Roland Tong and Ambrose Chia (Wong Tan and Molly Lim LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Company applying to court to extend
timelines to hold creditors' meeting to discuss scheme and to advertise notice
of creditors' meeting and proposed scheme – Timelines set on two previous
occasions – Whether company discharging onus of proof that valid grounds
existing for further extension of timelines  
  

1 The Raffles Town Club saga moves on. After the primary dispute had been
determined by the Court of Appeal on 23 August 2005 in [2005] 4 SLR 351 and
the defendant company, Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“the Company”), applied to
put forward a scheme of arrangement to its creditors, one would have thought
that the next steps in the matter would be the presentation of the scheme
proposal, and then the vote thereon.

2 That was not to be. First, the plaintiffs, a group of members of the Raffles
Town Club (“the Club”), applied for the appointment of a Special Receiver and
Manager for the Company and a Mareva injunction against it. I rejected that
application, which then went up to the Court of Appeal on an expedited appeal
and met with the same result.

3 Next, the plaintiffs took out another application, this time with the
purpose of restraining the Company from instituting actions against a few of
the plaintiffs for unpaid subscriptions, although the application was framed
in wider terms. I rejected that, and there is no appeal.

4 Then, it is the Company’s turn. On 12 October 2005, it applied to have the
timelines for the consideration of the scheme proposal and the convening of
the meeting to discuss the scheme moved back a second time.

5 There is a history to the timelines. This started with the Company’s
application relating to the scheme proposal. The application (Summons in
Chambers No 4437 of 2005) was not the usual application under s 210 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) in that it did not seek directions as to
when notice of the proposed scheme was to be given to the potential scheme
members. The only date set out in the application was that the meeting was to
be held on or before 15 December 2005.

6 When parties appeared before me on that application, I felt that the Company
should be given the opportunity to propose a scheme of arrangement, but on
tighter timelines. After conferring with counsel for the Company, I gave
directions that the meeting to discuss the scheme was to be held by 26 October
2005 and that notice of the meeting and copies of the proposed scheme were to
be advertised and posted by 28 September 2005.

7 Subsequently, the timelines were moved with the consent of the parties. This
was recorded in an order of court of the Court of Appeal of 19 September 2005,
whereby the two dates were changed to 19 October 2005 for the advertising and
posting of the scheme proposal and 16 November 2005 for the meeting.

8 Thus, when the Company filed the present application, it was seeking to
extend timelines it had assented to twice before. In this application, the
Company wanted the dates to be moved to 7 November 2005 and 2 December 2005.

9 The application was not viewed unfavourably because of the previous
extension _per se_. There may be valid grounds which necessitate an extension.
The onus is on the Company to show that there are good reasons.

10 What were the grounds put forth? An affidavit was sworn by Graham Kiy
(“Kiy”), the general manager of the Club, which set out the reasons for the
application. In paras 4, 5 and 6 of the affidavit, Kiy deposed:

4\. Firstly, the Company has been actively seeking ways to work out a package
which would be more palatable to Scheme Creditors. I have been advised that
the Company’s solicitors had at a previous hearing informed the Honourable
Justice Kan Ting Chiu that the Company was prepared to offer up to one-third
of the Approved Scheme Claims of the Scheme Creditors in cash by way of
instalments. After consultation with several Scheme Creditors and others
involved in the process, the Company has agreed to a further significant
enhancement and is now in the process of finalising the details, the financing
and the mechanics of the enhancement.

5\. Secondly, in relation to the financing and mechanics of effecting the
enhancement and funding, the Company also wishes to inform this Court that the
shareholders of the Company who would be providing the finance are separately
advised by separate lawyers.

6\. Finally, the process of furnishing the necessary information to the Scheme
Managers and the Company’s solicitors has also taken longer than expected.

11 Counsel for the Company also explained that more time was needed because
the cash component of the proposed scheme, which was contemplated to be paid
in instalments, was being increased.

12 Counsel for the plaintiffs opposed the application and argued that it
should be rejected, and I agreed with him.

13 The Company has been holding out this promise of a scheme proposal since 30
August 2005, when its application was first filed. Even at that time, its
counsel stated that it was already working on a preliminary draft scheme with
its external financial advisers. When it sought yet more time to put up the
proposal, one would expect, at the minimum, some disclosure on:

(a) what had been done in the meantime towards the finalisation of the
proposed scheme;

(b) which components of the proposal were outstanding;

(c) how much time was required to complete each of the outstanding components;
and

(d) why the Company waited till 12 October 2005 (one week before the time for
issuing the notice and posting the proposed scheme) to make the application.

14 Kiy’s affidavit is clearly inadequate. He stated his position as the
General Manager of the Club. He deposed that the Company is the proprietor of
the Club, but he did not state if he had any duties and responsibilities in
the Company and did not say if he is involved in any way in the preparation of
the proposed scheme.

15 The statements in paras 4, 5 and 6 of his affidavit are unacceptably vague.
They lead the reader to ask:

(a) did Kiy get his information from the persons involved in putting up the
proposal?

(b) what are the “further significant enhancement” and “the details, the
financing and the mechanics of the enhancement”?

(c) how many shareholders will be providing the financing, and how much
financing is envisaged to be coming from them?

(d) why has the furnishing of the necessary information taken longer than
expected, and how much effort has been exerted to get the information? and

(e) why could the timelines agreed to on 19 September 2005 not be met?

16 I have some doubts as to whether Kiy is the proper person to depose the
affidavit in support of the application. Those directly involved, _eg_ the
directors of the Company, the external financial advisers and the legal
advisers, are better placed than him to do that. As things were, I found that
the Company had not done nearly enough to discharge its onus.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

