Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## IW v IX  
[2005] SGCA 48

Case Number | : | OM 24/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC (Michael Hwang) and Bernice Loo Ming Nee (Allen and Gledhill) for the applicant; Quentin Loh SC, Vivien Teng, Kee Lay Lian (Rajah and Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  IW — IX   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Husband in matrimonial case heard in
district court appealing to High Court and thereafter wife seeking leave to
appeal to Court of Appeal – Principles for court to apply when considering
whether to grant leave to appeal – Whether leave should be granted based on
test of realistic prospect of success – Whether proposed appeal raising
custody issue involving question of law of importance  
  

13 October 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by motion for leave to appeal against the decision
of the High Court which reversed the decision of the district court (the
Family Court) on a custody matter involving a child aged nine. Having heard
the oral arguments of the parties, we refused leave. These grounds are issued
in response to the arguments advanced by the applicant-wife that the
circumstances under which the courts in Singapore should grant leave to appeal
should be expanded following the English Court of Appeal decision in _Smith v
Cosworth Casting Processes Ltd_ [1997] 4 All ER 840 (“ _Smith v Cosworth_ ”).

**The background**

2 The applicant-wife and the respondent-husband were married in 1991. They
have two daughters. The older child is now aged 11 and the younger is nine
years old.

3 In March 2001, the wife’s employer posted her to New York to take up a new
appointment there. In April 2001, her husband and the two children went over
to New York to join her. Within a matter of a day or two, the wife dropped a
bombshell on the husband indicating that she wanted a divorce and asking him
to sign a deed of separation prepared by her lawyer. About two months later
the husband returned to Singapore with the older daughter, leaving the younger
daughter in New York with the mother. Apparently, the husband could not take
the younger child back to Singapore because the wife had insisted on keeping
the child with her and refused to release the child’s passport to him to
enable the child to make the journey home. We ought to add here that the wife
claimed that there was an agreement with the husband, following the parties’
separation, that the younger daughter could remain with her. This assertion
was disputed by the husband.

4 Soon after the husband returned to Singapore, the wife (together with the
younger daughter) moved in to live with her male companion, who has three
children (aged six to nine) from his first wife. On 19 October 2001, the wife
filed a petition for divorce in Singapore. On 6 August 2002, a decree _nisi_
dissolving the marriage was granted. The parties managed to agree on other
ancillary matters except in respect of the custody of the two children. On 1
December 2004, the district judge, after considering all the circumstances of
the case, including three custody evaluation reports, granted custody of the
older daughter to the husband and the younger daughter to the wife. The
district judge also made provisions for access by both parties to the child
not in his or her custody so that the two children would have sufficient time
together.

5 The husband was dissatisfied with the custody order made by the district
judge with regard to the younger child and filed an appeal. The appeal came
before Andrew Ang JC (as he then was) who made the following orders:

(a) There shall be joint custody of the younger child to the husband and the
wife but care and control of the younger child shall be with the husband.

(b) That the husband and the wife agree on access, if possible, failing which
there would be liberty to apply.

Before arriving at this conclusion, the judge had an extensive interview with
the younger child to gauge her feelings on the matter.

**Appeal framework**

6 Section 28A(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) empowers the Chief Justice, “where he considers it necessary or
expedient to improve efficiency in the administration of justice and to
provide for more speedy disposal of proceedings commenced in the High Court”
to, by order, direct that such proceedings be heard and determined by the
district court. Section 28A(2)(_b_) of the SCJA further provides that the
Chief Justice may, in any such order, make provision governing appeals
relating to proceedings so transferred to the district court.

7 Pursuant to the powers under s 28A, the Chief Justice made the Supreme Court
of Judicature (Transfer of Matrimonial, Divorce and Guardianship of Infants
Proceedings to District Court) Order 2003 (S 557/2003) which is the Order now
in force. Under para 2 of this Order, proceedings under Part X of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), which covers divorce, custody and maintenance
matters, commenced in the High Court, are transferred to be heard and
determined by a district court. However, under the same paragraph, where the
gross value of the matrimonial assets is asserted by any party to the
proceedings to be of or above the value of $1.5m, the application for division
of matrimonial assets must be transferred to and be heard and determined by
the High Court.

8 Finally, in para 6 of the same Order, it is provided that an appeal shall
lie to the High Court in respect of a decision of the district court in
relation to any proceedings heard and determined by the district court
pursuant to the Order. The paragraph further provides that no further appeal
shall lie against such a decision of the High Court “[e]xcept with the leave
of the Court of Appeal or a Judge of the High Court”.

9 There was no dispute between the parties that in relation to the custody
order made by Andrew Ang JC, leave must be obtained before the matter could be
brought to this court.

**Principles governing leave**

10 We now turn to consider the principles on which such leave should be
granted. In terms of local jurisprudence, we need not go further back than
_Anthony s/o Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan Tin_ [1989] SLR 607, where the High
Court had to decide whether leave should be granted to enable an appeal to be
taken in the case as the amount involved was below the limit set by s 21 of
the SCJA. In this regard, Lai Kew Chai J examined two previous cases, namely,
_Wong Yin v Wong Mook_ [1948] 1 MLJ 164 and _Pang Hon Chin v Nahar Singh_
[1986] 2 MLJ 145, and came to the conclusion (at 608, [2]):

The circumstances for granting leave would include (though obviously not
limited to) cases where an applicant is able to demonstrate a _prima facie_
case of error or if the question is one of general principle upon which
further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to public
advantage.

11 Next is the case of _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 3 SLR 489,
where leave was applied for to appeal against a costs order. Under s
34(2)(_b_) of the SCJA, leave is required where the only issue in the appeal
relates to costs. There this court declared at [16] that:

[I]t is apparent that there are at least three limbs which can be relied upon
when leave to appeal is sought: (1)  _prima facie_ case of error; (2) question
of general principle decided for the first time; and (3) question of
importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage.

12 In the present case, in requesting us to grant leave, the wife effectively
asked us not to follow what this court had laid down in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang
Liang Hong_ to be the applicable guidelines in granting leave, but to adopt
the more liberal approach enunciated by the English Court of Appeal in _Smith
v Cosworth_ ([1] _supra_) where the plaintiff’s (Smith’s) action was struck
out under the English County Court Rules O 17 r 11. There, the plaintiff
sought leave to appeal from a single Lord Justice who granted it. The
defendant took the matter to the full Court of Appeal where Lord Woolf MR laid
down, _inter alia_ , the following guidelines (at 840–841):

(a) The court will only refuse leave if satisfied that the applicant has “no
realistic prospect of succeeding on the appeal”. This test is not to be
treated differently from “no arguable case”.

(b) However, the court can grant leave even if the court is not satisfied that
the appeal has any prospect of success, _eg_ , the issue may be one which the
court considers should, in the public interest, be examined, or, more
specifically, the court takes the view that the case raises an issue where the
law requires clarification.

(c) Where leave is granted by a single Lord Justice, the opposing party should
only apply to set the leave aside if that party can show not only that the
appeal has no realistic prospect of success but that there is no other good
reason for granting leave.

13 These guidelines were subsequently re-stated and amplified in the Practice
Direction for the Court of Appeal (Civil Division) reported at [1999] 1 WLR
1027.

14 It would be seen that guideline (b) in _Smith v Cosworth_ (see [12] above)
is broadly similar to the second and third guidelines enumerated by this court
in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ (see [11] above). However, there is a
significant difference between guideline (a) in _Smith v Cosworth_ and
guideline (1) in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_. While under the _Smith v
Cosworth_ guideline (a), all that needs to be established for leave to be
granted is really just an arguable case, that is not the position under this
court’s guideline in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ , which requires a much
higher threshold to be met before leave may be granted, namely, the
establishment of a _prima facie_ case of error. Lord Woolf explained why
guideline (a) was expressed in those terms (at 840):

This test is not meant to be any different from that which is sometimes used,
which is that the applicant has no arguable case. Why however this court has
decided to adopt the former phrase is because the use of the word ‘realistic’
makes it clear that a fanciful prospect or an unrealistic argument is not
sufficient.

15 We note that while the guidelines in _Smith v Cosworth_ were laid down on
26 February 1997, they were only published in the fourth quarter of 1997. _Lee
Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ was heard and decided on 22 July 1997, with the
written grounds being delivered on 22 August 1997. It does not appear that
_Smith v Cosworth_ was cited to this court in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang
Hong_.

16 In _Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003 Ed) (“the White
Book”) the authors stated at para 57/16/13:

The general test which the court applies in deciding whether or not to grant
leave to appeal is this: leave will normally be granted unless the grounds of
appeal have no realistic prospects of success (_Smith v Cosworth Casting
Processes Ltd (Practice Note)_ [1997] 1 W.L.R. 1538; [1997] 4 All E.R. 840,
CA). The Court of Appeal may also grant leave to appeal where the applicant is
able to demonstrate a _prima facie_ case of error (see (1907), 123 L.T. Jo.
202; see also _Lee Kuan Yew v. Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 3 S.L.R. 489, CA where
Yong Pung How C.J. granted an application for leave to appeal against an order
for costs on the basis that the High Court exercised its discretion wrongly
and therefore there had been a _prima facie_ case of error (at paras 31-38)),
if the question is one of general principle, decided for the first time (_Ex
p. Gilchrist, Re Armstrong_ (1886) 17 Q.B.D. 521, _per_ Lord Esher M.R. at
528) or a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of
the Court of Appeal would be to the public advantage.

17 The wife relied, in particular, on the first sentence of the above passage
of the White Book to suggest that that was also the applicable law in
Singapore governing the granting of leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal.
The authors do not appear to have considered whether the two tests of “no
realistic prospect of success” and “ _prima facie_ case of error” are
consistent or reconcilable. For the reasons given above, it is clear to us
that these two tests are quite different. As Lord Woolf MR had clarified in
_Smith v Cosworth_ , the “no realistic prospect of success” test was intended
to be no different from that of “no arguable case”. Thus it would be wrong, or
at least confusing, to cite the two tests side by side as if to suggest that
both tests are applicable. If the applicable test is that of “no realistic
prospect of success”, the test of “ _prima facie_ case of error” will be quite
redundant.

18 Counsel for the wife had not really submitted any reason why this court
should not follow the test of _prima facie_ case of error and should, instead,
adopt the test of no realistic prospect of success. Although in the later High
Court case of _Pandian Marimuthu v Guan Leong Construction Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3
SLR 400, G P Selvam J had referred to the test enunciated in _Smith v
Cosworth_ , the judge had stated the test in a somewhat different form, namely
(at [11]), “whether the appeal is likely to succeed and whether, if leave is
not granted, there is a likelihood of substantial injustice”. It seems to us
that this is more akin to the test of _prima facie_ case of error rather than
to the arguable case test.

19 Further, other later High Court cases had consistently applied the
guidelines laid down in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ , _eg_ , _Abdul
Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ [1999] 4 SLR 716; _Lam Seng Hang Co
Pte Ltd v The Insurance Corporation of Singapore Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 179; _Goh
Kim Heong v AT & J Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 262 and _Essar Steel Ltd v
Bayerische Landesbank_ [2004] 3 SLR 25.

20 In _Abdul Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ , Tay Yong Kwang JC
(as he then was) clarified at [30] that the test of _prima facie_ case of
error would not be satisfied by the assertion that the judge had reached the
wrong conclusion on the evidence. Leave should not be granted when there were
mere questions of fact to be considered. He said that it must be a _prima
facie_ case of error of law that had a bearing on the decision of the trial
court. In our opinion, this is a useful amplification of the first guideline
set in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_.

21 If we were to adopt the test of “realistic prospect of success” propounded
in _Smith v Cosworth_ , it would be a rather low threshold to meet. As we have
indicated before, that test is really an “arguable case” test which would not
be a difficult one to satisfy. This would effectively mean that many cases
would have to be permitted to go further to the Court of Appeal, thus clogging
up the Court of Appeal.

22 An examination of s 34 of the SCJA would show that, as a general rule, it
is intended that there should only be one tier of appeal as a matter of right.
A litigant in a case commenced in the Subordinate Courts would have a right of
appeal to the High Court. Any further appeal to the Court of Appeal would
require the leave of court.

23 When matrimonial matters were first transferred to be heard in the district
court in 1996, an anomaly appeared. This was because it was not possible to
quantify, in monetary terms, a divorce or custody matter. Thus, before the
enactment of s 28A of the SCJA, a decision of the district court in a divorce
proceeding could be taken up all the way to the Court of Appeal, as it would
not be caught by the restriction imposed in s 34(2)(_a_) which prescribes that
no appeal may be brought to the Court of Appeal except with leave where the
subject matter at the trial is of a value of $250,000 or less. The object of
enacting s 28A was to correct this anomaly. The Deputy Prime Minister (“DPM”)
and Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar, in moving the second reading of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill (No 35 of 2004) on 21 September
2004, which sought to amend the SCJA, including the addition of the new s 28A,
said (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 September 2004)
vol 78 at cols 682 to 683):

These amendments were proposed by the Supreme Court to address an anomaly.
With respect to civil proceedings (other than family law matters), which are
heard in the Subordinate Courts, a party has, subject to certain statutory
conditions, the right to appeal to the High Court. Leave is needed for a
further appeal to the Court of Appeal. However, in family law cases, parties
currently have the right to appeal from the Subordinate Courts to the High
Court and then make a further appeal to the Court of Appeal, without having to
seek leave. This is an anomaly which needs correction.

In the interests of finality, there should be only one tier of appeal as a
matter of right for family cases, with a second appeal only with the leave of
court. The general position in Singapore for civil cases, other than family
cases, is only one tier of appeal as a matter of right. This is because having
an automatic second tier of appeal delays a final decision on the matter and
increases costs for litigants.

24 Having regard to what was clearly legislative intent, we did not think this
court should adopt the more liberal regime for granting leave to appeal
expounded in _Smith v Cosworth_. In England it would appear that the object of
the leave mechanism was to filter out appeals “which had no hope of success”:
see _Alliance & Leicester Plc v Paul Robinson & Co_ [2000] CP Rep 3 _per_ Auld
LJ. To grant leave liberally would have subverted what our Parliament had
intended, _ie_ , that, as a rule, there should only be one tier of appeal.
Indeed, the DPM had also in the same statement referred to the three
guidelines laid down in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ for the granting of
leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal. In this regard, it should be noted
that the DPM had emphasised in the same speech in Parliament that the Court of
Appeal’s resources would be better utilised in dealing with questions of law.
Accordingly, we could not adopt the English yardstick for use in Singapore.

**Question of law of importance**

25 While the wife had in the main relied upon guideline (a) in _Smith v
Cosworth_ to apply for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal, she had also
submitted that the proposed appeal raised a question of general principle and
of importance on which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage, a line of argument falling within guidelines
(2) and (3) of _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_. The wife further submitted
that the case involved an interplay of three important legal principles which
the court would take into consideration in determining custody, namely,
maintaining status quo; preservation of mother-child bond; and that siblings
should be brought up together. She said that the applicability and weight to
be given to each of the three principles was a matter of general importance.

26 It is clear to us that the paramount consideration in every case where
custody is in issue is the welfare of the child. That is the immutable
principle. The term “welfare” should be taken in its widest sense and we do
not think it is possible or desirable to define it. In _Tan Siew Kee v Chua Ah
Boey_ [1987] SLR 549, Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was), in reference to the
term “welfare”, said (at 551, [12]):

It means the general well-being of the child and all aspects of his
upbringing, religious, moral as well as physical. His happiness, comfort and
security also go to make up his well-being. A loving parent with a stable home
is conducive to the attainment of such well-being. It is not to be measured in
monetary terms.

27 What would be in the interests of the child must necessarily depend on all
the circumstances of the case. The court, where appropriate, will have regard
to the factors the wife had mentioned, _ie_ , maintaining status quo,
preservation of mother-child bond and that siblings should not be separated.
Other factors will include the home environment and care arrangements made for
the child, the conduct of the parties and the wishes of the child. We must
reiterate that this enumeration is not meant to be exhaustive. The court will
have to carry out a balancing exercise to determine, as between the two
parents, to whom custody should be given in the best interests of the child. A
factor which may be determinant in one case may not necessarily be so in
another. So the weight to be given to each factor may vary from case to case.
No precise formulation is possible. This is not a scientific exercise but one
of judgment.

28 Accordingly, we were also not satisfied that the wife had shown that she
had met guidelines (2) or (3) set out in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ for
leave to appeal to be granted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

