Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Kee Shee v Fu Gaofei  
[2005] SGHC 171

Case Number | : | OSF 55/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ting Hi Keng (Yu and Co) for the plaintiff; The defendant unrepresented and absent   
Parties | : |  Ng Kee Shee — Fu Gaofei   
  
Family Law – Divorce – Bars – Whether exceptional hardship existing to lift
bar to divorce before lapse of three years from date of marriage –
Circumstances amounting to "exceptional hardship" under s 94(2) Women's
Charter – Section 94 Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

14 September 2005

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 This was an application under s 94 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev
Ed) made to a district judge of the Family Division of the Subordinate Courts
for leave to be granted to the plaintiff (“the husband”) to present a petition
for divorce before three years have passed since the date of the marriage.
Section 94 provides:

(1) No petition for divorce shall be presented to the court unless at the date
of the presentation of the petition 3 years have passed since the date of the
marriage.

(2) The court may, upon application being made in accordance with the Rules of
Court, allow a petition to be presented before 3 years have passed on the
ground that the case is one of exceptional hardship suffered by the petitioner
or of exceptional depravity on the part of the respondent, but if it appears
to the court at the hearing of the petition that the petitioner obtained leave
to present the petition by any misrepresentation or concealment of the nature
of the case, the court may, if it pronounces a decree nisi, do so subject to
the condition that no application to make the decree absolute shall be made
until after the expiration of 3 years from the date of the marriage, or may
dismiss the petition without prejudice to any petition which may be brought
after the expiration of the said 3 years upon the same, or substantially the
same, facts as those proved in support of the petition so dismissed.

(3) In determining any application under this section for leave to present a
petition before the expiration of 3 years from the date of the marriage, the
court shall have regard to the interest of any child of the marriage and to
the question whether there is reasonable probability of a reconciliation
between the parties before the expiration of the said 3 years.

(4) The court may, before determining an application under this section, refer
the differences between the parties to a Conciliation Officer so that a
reconciliation between the parties might be effected.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to prohibit the presentation of a
petition based upon matters which have occurred before the expiration of 3
years from the date of the marriage.

**The case for the plaintiff**

2 The husband is an electrical engineer aged 42. The defendant (“the wife”) is
21 years old, residing in Wenchang City in the province of Hainan Island in
the People’s Republic of China. They were married on 20 October 2004 through
the assistance of a marriage agency.

3 The husband claimed he suffered exceptional hardship for the reasons that
follow. After their marriage on 20 October 2004, the wife returned to her
family home in Hainan Island on 9 January 2005 ostensibly to celebrate the
Chinese New Year with her family. She left with her two female friends, Lin
Yuyin (“Yuyin”) and Lin Qiongrui (“Qiongrui”), both of whom were also from
Hainan Island. More than two months later, the wife has not returned to
Singapore. She has not made any telephone call to the husband despite the fact
that he had reminded her several times before her departure to call him every
four or five days. She has also not written to him nor attempted to contact
him in any way. The husband’s fear and suspicion that the wife has no
intention of returning to Singapore were confirmed when he found that she had
taken all her clothes and jewellery with her, leaving only a few inexpensive
T-shirts and underwear which were being laundered at the time of her
departure.

4 The husband telephoned Qiongrui’s husband, Toh Heng Leong (“Toh”), and found
out that Qiongrui had also not returned to Singapore. Yuyin returned to
Singapore in the middle of March 2005. On 8 March 2005, the husband and Toh
visited Yuyin to ask her about their wives. The husband was told by her that
the wife’s parents tried to persuade her to return to Singapore but she told
them she would rather die than obey them. Yuyin then telephoned the wife and
passed the receiver to the husband so that he could speak to her. The wife
told him that their marriage was over, that she wanted a divorce and would
never return to him. She also told him that she was willing to sign any
document to enable him to obtain a divorce.

5 The husband also enumerated various examples of the wife’s “abnormal
behaviour” while she was with him. During their honeymoon in Thailand, the
wife refused to let him hold her hand by practically running away from him.
She would also rebuff any attempt by him to place his arm over her shoulders
and would warn him not to do so. She also refused to let him hug or kiss her.
The wife refused to have sexual relations with him until the third day after
the solemnisation of their marriage. When they finally had sex, she was
unresponsive and refused to allow him to touch her face altogether.

6 The wife permitted the husband to have sex with her only once a week and
would sleep as far away as possible from him on their bed, placing a bolster
between them and turning away from him.

7 The wife would hold Qiongrui’s hand with their fingers intertwined and they
would caress each other, even in the presence of and apparently oblivious of
their husbands. The wife would also have long telephone conversations with
Qiongrui, friends and relatives almost every day and night, which often went
past midnight. Even when they were having their honeymoon in Thailand, she
appeared more interested in making telephone calls than in him. She would stay
overnight at Qiongrui’s home at every opportunity and he had to beg her to
return to their matrimonial home. On one occasion, the husband and the wife
were at the airport together with Yuyin, Qiongrui and their husbands to send
off the wife’s mother and relatives. After the mother and relatives had left,
the wife refused to get into the husband’s car and, when he insisted, she ran
towards the highway as if to commit suicide. Yuyin’s husband ran after her and
managed to catch hold of her before any accident could happen. The wife calmed
down only after the husband relented and allowed her to stay overnight with
Qiongrui at Yuyin’s home.

8 The wife also refused to put on her wedding ring despite the husband’s
requests and finally did so only a few days before her departure. She also
refused to accompany him on the once-a-week trip to the wet market, the only
“chore” he requested of her as they had a maid in the home to do the
housework.

9 The husband, being already past 40 years of age, was anxious to settle down
and start a family and that was why he approached a marriage agency to help
him find a wife. He spent a lot of money and went through a lot of trouble in
order to marry the wife and thus felt cheated, humiliated and depressed. He
wanted badly to be free again and be able to date and look for another life
partner in order to restore his confidence with females. In view of what had
already taken place, he made no attempt at reconciliation because he
considered the marriage hopeless. He wished to petition for divorce on the
ground of unreasonable behaviour on the part of the wife.

10 Yuyin, (who is) 32 years old, filed an affidavit stating that she is the
cousin of Qiongrui, a friend of the wife. She said that Qiongrui and the wife
grew up together in the same village in Hainan Island and had been schoolmates
and colleagues and were practically inseparable. Both of them stayed with
Yuyin when they first arrived in Singapore. After both of them got married,
they would still stay overnight at Yuyin’s flat despite her exhortation to
them to return to their husbands.

11 In Hainan Island, Yuyin asked the wife whether she would be returning to
Singapore with her on 16 March 2005. The wife replied that she would rather
die than return to the husband. When the husband tried to contact the wife
several times, she refused to speak to him and also refused to give him her
contact number. Qiongrui’s sister informed Yuyin that Qiongrui cried very
bitterly when her parents tried to persuade her to return to Singapore. In
Yuyin’s conversations with the wife and Qiongrui, she had a very strong
impression that both of them felt that their marriages were mistakes and that
they could not get used to life in Singapore and would never return to their
husbands. She agreed that their marriages were hopeless and that both ladies
were selfish and immature persons who thought only of themselves.

**The district judge’s decision**

12 The district judge dismissed the husband’s application. She noted that the
wife did not file an affidavit in this application but did acknowledge receipt
of the Originating Summons on 26 April 2005. The wife also wrote a letter in
which she agreed with the contents of the husband’s and Yuyin’s affidavits and
stated that she would not return to the husband. She also stated that she
would not defend his application to court nor contest the divorce petition
that would be filed.

13 The district judge referred to three English decisions dealing with a
provision that was similar to our s 94 of the Women’s Charter. One held that
it was only necessary for the court to consider whether the allegations made
were such that, if proved, would amount to exceptional hardship as the case
may be. There was no need to try whether the case was one of exceptional
hardship since this would involve deciding whether the allegations in the
petition for divorce were true (_Winter v Winter_ [1944] P 72). The court
could take into consideration hardship arising from the past conduct of the
other spouse, the present hardship as well as hardship arising from having to
wait for the three-year bar to elapse (_W v W_ [1967] P 291). The hardship
suffered must be something out of the ordinary, judged by the prevailing
standards of acceptable behaviour between spouses (_Fay v Fay_ [1982] AC 835).

14 The district judge also cited _Wong Pee Wei v Ho Soo Hua Anna Laurene_
[2002] SGDC 239), where the husband in that case applied for leave to petition
for divorce on the ground that the marriage was doomed from the first day and
the two young parties, who had never lived together, agreed that the marriage
could not be salvaged and that they should not be shackled by the doomed
marriage. The district judge in that case refused leave because some hardship
was inevitable in all cases of marital breakdown and the aim of s 94 was to
promote sanctity of marriage and to ensure that the parties did not rush into
and out of marriage capriciously.

15 The district judge proceeded to analyse the facts of this case in the
remaining six paragraphs of her judgment ([2005] SGDC 153):

12 With regard to the husband’s submissions, I find that there was nothing
exceptional about the behaviour of the wife nor was the hardship of
abandonment and rejection suffered by the husband exceptional. The husband
chose to contract a marriage with a girl more than 20 years his junior and who
hardly knew him. He must have expected adjustment difficulties on the part of
a village girl to life in the city and with a stranger. The incident where the
wife refused to get into the car and ran  into heavy traffic over a trivial
incident showed how foolish and immature the wife is and was probably not a
real attempt to take her own life.

13 As for the alleged abnormal relationship between the wife and [Qiongrui],
their relationship has to be viewed in the context of them being childhood
friends from the same village, both married to men old enough to be their
fathers, with no close relatives or friends in Singapore, except for Mdm
Yuyin. One should also not read too much into young girls holding hands or
having long telephone conversations into the night.

14 As for the husband’s submission that he was anxious to remarry and start a
family, this submission has no merit. By this submission, he is asking the
Court to assume that he will be able to re-marry, father a child immediately
and be healthy enough to work till he is 66. Similarly, the wife’s admission
that the marriage is over and consent to a divorce is not  sufficient for this
Court to grant leave to commence divorce proceedings.

15 The aim of section 94 is to promote the sanctity of marriage and ensure
that parties do not rush into and out of marriage without any thought of the
consequences. Section 94(2) states that the Court shall have regard to
“question whether there is a reasonable probability of reconciliation between
the parties”. Parties were married for just 5 months. I note that there were
no attempts at reconciliation here. The husband made no effort to go to China
to persuade his wife to return, merely accepting her words over the telephone
that she wanted a divorce. Just 12 days later, after the conversation with the
wife, he files this OS for leave to commence divorce proceedings. Allowing the
parties to divorce after only 5 months of marriage, simply because they felt
that there was no hope of reconciliation would defeat the purpose of this
section.

16 I accept that the husband in this case had suffered some hardship due to
the behaviour and abandonment by the wife. However, some hardship is
inevitable in the breakdown of a marriage. The crux is whether the hardship
suffered is exceptional. In the present case, there is nothing exceptional. It
was clear to me that the husband went into this marriage like it was a
commercial transaction, with expectations of having a wife who would pander to
his every need, having paid so much to the marriage  agency for the
arrangements and wedding. When reality fell short of his  high expectations,
he felt cheated and humiliated. While the wife is not blameless in this matter
either, the husband had to some extent contributed to the situation he is in.

17 For the above reasons, I dismissed the husband’s application.

16 The husband appealed to the High Court against her decision.

**The decision on appeal**

17 I agree with the district judge that nothing much should be made of the
fact that the wife and Qiongrui liked to hold hands and converse late into the
night. I also do not regard the wife’s reluctance to put on her wedding ring
or to go to the wet market as matters of significance. I do find it somewhat
disturbing that the district judge emphasised twice, almost derisively, that
there was a rather big difference in the ages of the parties as seen in her
statements, “The husband chose to contract a marriage with a girl more than 20
years his junior” and “both married to men old enough to be their fathers”.
The marriage here may perhaps be described as a late-summer-and-spring union
but it was an arranged marriage, not a forced one. There was no evidence to
indicate any coercion by the husband on the wife or her family to cause her to
enter into the union, strangers though the parties might have been. The
husband, therefore, had every reason to expect that both of them would want to
get to know each other better gradually as the days passed.

18 However, it seemed that the wife was not only unwilling to make any effort
towards this end after the wedding but was also constantly shutting all the
doors in his face. There is a vast difference between feeling shy at being
touched and telling one’s spouse not to touch, hug or kiss and, as in this
case, to literally stay out of one’s face altogether. It was also not so much
a question of the infrequency of sexual intimacy that was hurting to the
husband. It was the attitude of the wife, dictating to him from the start that
once a week was all she was willing to tolerate. This was not a case of a new
couple learning to adjust to each other. It was simply one of the wife
unilaterally setting out all the rules of intimacy from the start, something
that is the antithesis of intimacy.

19 Within three months of the marriage, the wife made up her mind to leave the
husband without even writing a short note to say the marriage was a mistake
and that they should go their separate ways. She refused to speak to him when
he called and wrote no letter to him from her family home. Her stony silence
obviously hit him in his face like a piece of cold, hard rock. She has also
confirmed all that the husband stated in his affidavit which included her
threat to commit suicide if she had to return to his side.

20 The situation was compounded by the fact that time is not on the husband’s
side. On this point, I found the district judge’s statement at [14] of her
judgment quite incomprehensible. Even if the husband eventually fails to find
another spouse or is unable to father a child immediately after his second
marriage or becomes unable to work till he is 66, how would all these have an
impact on the issue whether he is suffering exceptional hardship now? All that
he was trying to tell the court was that the longer he had to wait, the longer
he would have to remain in gainful employment if he wanted to be responsible
and provide financially for his child until the child turned 21. Further, if
the husband manages to go on a date with a lady in the meantime and is asked
about his marital status, he would have to say in all honesty that he is a
married man, thereby diminishing his chances of finding a life partner.

21 I agree with the pronouncement that the laudatory intention of s 94 is to
promote sanctity of marriage and to ensure that parties do not rush into and
out of marriage capriciously. Here, it was clearly the wife who had absolutely
no regard for the union and who was the one who entered into the arranged
marriage capriciously. To hold that the husband should nevertheless wait three
years before seeking a divorce appears to be visiting the wrongs of the wife
on him. After all, he was serious about the marriage and he would like to have
his wife back. It was she who abandoned him and the matrimonial home and chose
to leave a gulf of more than 1,000km between them, avowing over and over again
that she was never coming back. There is nothing left to reconcile in such a
situation. One cannot rekindle a flame that was never lit.

22 I do not think it is fair to say that the husband entered the marriage
“with expectations of having a wife who would pander to his every need”. The
evidence did not justify such a statement. Indeed, Yuyin stated that, to the
contrary, it was the wife who was selfish and immature, thinking only of
herself.

23 Exceptional hardship is something quite out of the ordinary and more than
what an ordinary person should reasonably be asked to bear. All these things
happened to the husband within five months of his marriage. Fortunately, he
did not suffer a mental breakdown. The matters which I have highlighted, all
admitted by the wife in her letter, clearly showed exceptional hardship
suffered by him and would amount to unreasonable behaviour on the part of the
wife. I therefore allowed the appeal and granted the husband leave to present
a petition for divorce before three years have passed since the date of the
marriage.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

