Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## CHS CPO GmbH (in bankruptcy) and Another v Vikas Goel and Others  
[2005] SGHC 74

Case Number | : | Suit 636/2004, SIC 4292/2004, 4590/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Xavier, Sangeeta Subrahmanyam and Julian Soong (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiffs; Chan Kia Pheng and Shaun Koh (Khattar Wong and Partners) for the first defendant; Samuel Chacko and Lim Shack Keong (Colin Ng and Partners) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  CHS CPO GmbH (in bankruptcy); Karma International Sarl — Vikas Goel; Neeraj Chauhan; Esys Distribution Pte Ltd; Karma Distribution (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Plaintiffs obtaining and executing Mareva
injunction and Anton Piller order against defendants – Defendants asking court
to order plaintiffs to fortify undertakings as to damages payable to them for
alleged losses arising from injunction and order – Applicable principles
governing undertakings as to damages in respect of Mareva injunction and Anton
Piller order  
  

26 April 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC:

**Introduction**

**_The application for fortification of the plaintiffs’ undertakings to the
court_**

1**** The present proceedings stem from the grant of a Mareva injunction as
well as an Anton Piller order to the first and second plaintiffs on 30 July
2004. However, they do not concern an attempt to set aside the injunction on
its merits as such. The sole issue in these proceedings concerned, rather, an
application for an order that the plaintiffs fortify their undertakings to the
court with regard to damages payable to the defendants for possible loss that
has allegedly resulted, and/or might result, from the grant of the said Mareva
injunction and Anton Piller order.[1] Hence, there was _no_ need to determine
any factual issues or the merits with regard to the _main_ action as such.

2 Only the first and third defendants are parties to the present application
(they are, respectively, Vikas Goel and Esys Distribution Pte Ltd).

3 When the application came before me, the defendants did not argue that the
Mareva injunction and Anton Piller order should be set aside – a point in fact
stressed by counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Xavier. The defendants were content
merely to press on with the case for fortification of damages. As will be
seen, the amounts involved in the defendants’ claim with respect to
fortification were “impressive” by any standard. Not surprisingly, the
plaintiffs, in resisting the application, took the view that the claimed
amount was contrived and was a patent attempt to put undue pressure on them
and, by implication at least, to stymie the claim in the main action by
placing an impossible financial burden on them. This is by no means an
irrelevant or fanciful consideration, for as Knox J put it in the English High
Court decision of _Bhimji v Chatwani_ [1992] BCLC 387 at 403:

Indeed, in my judgment the very size of that figure [claimed with respect to
fortification by the defendants in that case] lends some weight to the view
that the claim is being put forward, at least in part, to put pressure on the
plaintiffs rather than to provide against a known and ascertained contingent
liability upon the defendants.

**_The heads of claim_**

4 In so far as the alleged heads of likely loss were concerned, counsel for
the third defendant, Mr Chacko, relied, in the main, on the expert report
prepared by Mr Andrew Grimmet (of Deloitte & Touche Financial Advisory
Services Pte Ltd) and all references hereafter to figures relating to such
alleged loss will (unless stated otherwise) be to that particular report.[2]
It must also be borne in mind that this was the only expert report tendered,
and by the third defendant at that. The report itself raised many very broad
as well as, on occasion, moot points that were not tested by cross-
examination. I note, further, that even assuming that the contents of this
report were impeccable (which I do not), they were nevertheless still subject
to the applicable principles of law.

5**** In summary, the third defendant argued that the plaintiffs be required
to fortify their undertakings by paying the following sums:[3]

(a) $11,841,777, being the estimated direct losses up to the end of November
2004 (and constituted by all the separate heads I consider in more detail
below, but for the last, which related to the potential impact of delay in the
initial public offering (“IPO”) process with regard to the shares of the third
defendant).

(b) $37.1m, being the lower-end estimate of the potential impact of delay in
the IPO process as well as the depreciation in the value of the proceeds that
the third defendant is likely to obtain in a public listing of its shares on
the Singapore Stock Exchange.

6**** In so far as the first defendant was concerned, as his counsel, Mr Chan,
argued, the likely damage suffered as a result of the Mareva injunction and
the Anton Piller order was based essentially on the damage suffered by the
_third defendant_.[4] In particular, it was argued that the loss suffered with
regard to the first defendant was threefold, as follows:

(a) The alleged loss suffered with respect to the first defendant’s realisable
proceeds through the IPO of the third defendant.

(b) The alleged loss suffered as a result of deprivation of the realisable
proceeds through the IPO of the third defendant.

(c) The alleged loss suffered as a result of the fall in value of the first
defendant’s shareholding in the third defendant.

7 The alleged quantum of likely loss claimed by the first defendant was, taken
_in toto_ , “impressive”.[5] However, for the reasons set out below (see
generally at [116]–[120] and especially at [120]), there was no likely loss to
the first defendant in the first instance and, hence, consideration of the
alleged quantum of likely loss was rendered unnecessary.

8 Although the application by the defendants (or, more specifically, by the
third defendant) for fortification of the plaintiffs’ undertakings to the
court as to damages was allowed in the sum of $315,646, the third defendant
was dissatisfied with the quantum of fortification ordered and has appealed.
As I made no order with regard to the application by the first defendant for
fortification of the plaintiffs’ undertakings to the court as to damages, he,
too, has appealed. I now give my reasons for my decision.

**_A factual overview_**

9 It is important to reiterate at the outset that the merits of the _main
action_ fall _outside the purview_ of the _present_ proceedings (see also [1]
above).

10 Simply put, this action related to a claim by the plaintiffs, both of whom
were foreign companies. The first plaintiff is a Swiss company (which was
recently declared bankrupt). It is involved in the business of distributing
computer components and related products. The first plaintiff is, in turn,
wholly owned by the second plaintiff, a company incorporated in Luxembourg.
The second plaintiff is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a Dutch company (CHS
Logistics Services BV), which is (in turn) wholly owned by a company
incorporated in the US, CHC Electronics Inc.

11 The first plaintiff had in fact incorporated a branch office, Distribution
Karma (“DK”), in Dubai. The first plaintiff, through DK, later incorporated
the fourth defendant in Singapore. DK later became converted into a different
type of corporate entity and became known as Karma ME FZE.

12 The third defendant is a major distributor of computer components and
related products, whilst the first defendant was the promoter and is the
principal shareholder of the third defendant. The first defendant owns
virtually all of the shares in the third defendant, whilst the third defendant
owns all but one of the shares in the fourth defendant. The second defendant
holds one share each in the third and fourth defendants. The first and second
defendants are also directors of the third and fourth defendants.

13 Without entering into the precise details (which are in fact unnecessary
for the purposes of the present proceedings), the gist of the plaintiffs’
claims centres around the argument that they had been defrauded of their
interest and holdings in Karma ME FZE. As already alluded to above, the
alleged events (in particular, the alleged elaborate schemes effected by the
defendants) upon which the plaintiffs’ claims are based are complex and have
yet to be fully ascertained. It suffices for our present purposes to note that
the plaintiffs allege that the defendants are liable to account to them for
all profits and assets misappropriated and that the defendants are also liable
as constructive trustees. Alternatively, the plaintiffs allege that the
defendants were guilty of a conspiracy to defraud the plaintiffs of the said
profits and assets.

14 Not surprisingly, the defendants totally deny the plaintiffs’ claims and
put them to strict proof thereof.

**_The issues before the court_**

15 The task of the court in the present proceedings is, however, placed within
a much briefer compass. It is to ascertain whether there is a sufficient risk
of loss to the defendants _as a result of the execution of the Mareva
injunction and Anton Piller order by the plaintiffs_ and, if so, how much
fortification of damages ought in the circumstances to be ordered.

16 In this regard, it should be reiterated that only the first and third
defendants are involved in the present proceedings. More importantly, it
should be reiterated that the risk of loss arising with respect to the _main_
action are, for the reason just stated, _not_ germane to the resolution of the
present proceedings for fortification.

**The legal principles applicable**

**_Introduction_**

17 Counsel for both the plaintiffs as well as the defendants were agreed on
the legal principles applicable to the present case. Indeed, there was – not
surprisingly perhaps – a great deal of overlap in the authorities that they
helpfully cited to me. The crux of the present appeal relates, therefore, to
the _application_ of these principles.

**_Preliminary points_**

18 I am here concerned with _fortification_ of an existing undertaking as to
damages by the plaintiffs. The _undertaking itself_ is indeed a standard
requirement that accompanies the court’s grant of an injunction almost as a
matter of course (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decisions of
_Graham v Campbell_ (1878) 7 Ch D 490; _Griffith v Blake_ (1884) 27 Ch D 474;
and _Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society v Ricketts_ [1993] 1 WLR 1545;
as well as the House of Lords decision of _F Hoffmann-La Roche & Co AG v
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry_ [1975] AC 295 (“the _Hoffmann-La
Roche_ case”)). This was not always the case. But that is now legal history. A
succinct and illuminating account of the historical development can be found
in the judgment of Jessel MR in _Smith v Day_ (1882) 21 Ch D 421 at 424–425
and that of Lord Diplock in the _Hoffmann-La Roche_ case, at 360. The reasons
for such undertakings are grounded in both common sense and justice and ensure
that where it is necessary, justice is achieved for the defendant/injunctee as
well, providing, as it does, a means of compensation for the defendants if
loss occurs in relation to (here) the grant of the Mareva injunction and Anton
Piller order.

19 The reasons just briefly canvassed above apply, _a fortiori_ , in my view,
to the more draconian contexts in which both Mareva injunctions and Anton
Piller orders are granted. This was precisely, in fact, the situation before
me at the present hearing.

**_The legal principles_**

20 A very appropriate starting point is the recent decision by Mann J in the
English High Court decision of _Sinclair Investment Holdings SA v Cushnie_
[2004] EWHC 218 (“the _Sinclair Investment Holdings_ case”). I agree, in this
regard, with counsel for the third defendant who described this particular
case as “perhaps the most helpful authority”.

21 Indeed, as counsel pointed out, there did not appear to be any relevant
local authorities on fortification of damages, apart from a brief reference in
the Singapore High Court decision of _Kian Choon Investments (Pte) Ltd v
Societe Generale_ [1990] SLR 167 at 185, [47], where, however, the learned
judge, L P Thean J (as he then was), observed that:

Unfortunately, on this point [as to fortification of the cross-undertaking as
to damages given by the plaintiffs] I received no meaningful proposal from any
party as to the amount the plaintiffs should provide to secure their cross-
undertaking.

And, in the circumstances, Thean J decided, without assistance, what he
considered to be a fair and reasonable amount.

22 Returning to the _Sinclair Investment Holdings_ case, Mann J was of the
view (at [22]) that “[t]he point of a cross-undertaking in damages is to
provide a means of compensation for loss if it occurs in relation to the
injunction or undertaking to which it relates” and that “[t]o that extent the
court has, if necessary, to form a view as to the kind and degree of loss that
may result in deciding whether a cross-undertaking has sufficient value (with
or without fortification)” (see also the approach of Roxburgh J in an earlier
decision, _Baxter v Claydon_ [1952] WN 376 at 377). In forming such a view,
the learned judge proceeded to observe (at [24]) that “it is both appropriate
and necessary for me to consider the extent to which _a risk of loss_ has been
shown” [emphasis added].

23 Mann J went on to agree with the argument of counsel for the defendants in
that case (who were applying, _inter alia_ and in substance, for fortification
of a cross-undertaking in damages by the plaintiff), as follows (_ibid_):

In many cases the fact that there is a risk of loss will be obvious merely
from the general situation, and while it may not be possible to put anything
like a precise figure on the loss, the court, will if necessary, do what it
can on the evidence before it to reach an appropriate figure. The courts are
well accustomed to assessing the appropriate value to be given to things whose
valuation is difficult. It [_sic_] some cases it will be possible to make a
more precise or confident assessment than in others. The mere absence of
particularised evidence does not mean that there is no evidence of a risk of
loss. Mr Briggs [counsel for the defendants] submitted that what he had to
show was a risk of loss; any more refined questions of causation and
likelihood would be appropriate for the enquiry (if any) should the cross-
undertaking be called upon. I agree with that as a general approach. _By and
large it would be unnecessary and inappropriate for a court to go into a
detailed and prolonged assessment of difficult questions on causation on
applications for interim relief, not least because it might become entirely
academic._ [emphasis added]

24 Whilst I agree that the task of the court at this particular stage of the
proceedings is not to enter as such into a meticulous analysis of the merits
of the case itself, it is equally clear, in my view, that Mann J could not
possibly have been referring to the opposite extreme either – which was simply
to accept, without more, the applicant’s assertion that there was “a risk of
loss” and to grant the application for fortification almost as a matter of
course. Indeed, the learned judge acknowledged this himself in the _Sinclair
Investment Holdings_ case by observing (at [25]) thus:

However, that leaves open the question of the threshold which has to be
crossed by [an applicant] in establishing that there is a sufficient risk of
loss. If it is not sufficiently apparent there is a sufficient risk of loss,
then while that is no reason for not extracting a cross-undertaking, it would
be a reason for not requiring fortification. _It seems to me to be impossible
to specify any formula for or definition of that level of risk. All that can
be said is that the court must be satisfied that there is a sufficient level
of risk to require fortification in all the circumstances. That will be a
question of judgment in every case where it arises (though there will be large
numbers in which it will not have to be the subject of any particularly
anxious enquiry)_. [emphasis added]

25 All counsel agreed with me that the test embodied in the above quotation
was not particularly helpful in the sphere of actual and practical application
(especially when we have regard to the words italicised in the quotation
above). They also agreed with me, however, that the court had nevertheless to
exercise its discretion in a principled manner.

26 In all fairness, it must be stated that perhaps the difficulty in stating a
more precise approach is not only problematic but may even be impossible in
view of the inherent nature of the inquiry itself. However, what complicates
matters, as already alluded to above, is the fact that the court must make
some (for want of a better word) “preliminary assessment” of the case itself
in order to ascertain whether, on the given facts, there is “a sufficient risk
of loss”. The assessment is necessarily “preliminary” simply because the
inquiry itself is a preliminary one. The present application, it will be
recalled, is for a fortification of the plaintiffs’ cross-undertaking as to
damages. That is the pith and marrow of the application itself – no more, and
no less. It is _not_ an entry into the assessment of the _merits_ of the case
itself. That will be effected by the court hearing the main action itself.

27 In the circumstances, the court is placed in a rather difficult position.
There will necessarily be some assessment of the merits of the case, albeit
not in the detail required in so far, for example, as the hearing of the main
action is concerned.

28 That having been said, this is not a situation that is unique. An
analogical process occurs in a somewhat different situation when the court is
asked to determine whether an interim injunction ought to be awarded in the
circumstances of a particular case, albeit on a balance of convenience. Once
again, the court is placed in a similar situation: there will necessarily be
some investigation of the merits of the case, whether the court likes it or
not. However, the court must be wary of going too far into the merits as such
for that is not its task.

29 To their credit, counsel in the present case frankly acknowledged the
difficulty. The amount, as well as intensity, of this difficulty was
underscored by the fact that whilst (as already mentioned) counsel could agree
on the legal principles to be applied, they were (as shall be seen in a
moment) _vigorously at odds_ with each other in so far as the _application_ of
those legal principles to the present fact situation was concerned. Indeed, it
was only because those legal principles were stated at such a high level of
generality that I expect that counsel were able to unanimously agree on them
in the first instance.

30 Herein lies the nub of the problem. Legal principles laid down at a high
level of generality are most likely to garner a datum level of consensus.
However, it is precisely because of the high level of generality that when
they come to be applied at the “ground level”, as it were, that the relative
lack or absence of practical utility becomes exposed in the cold light of
application. As I have just mentioned, the vigorous disagreement between
counsel for the plaintiffs as well as counsel for the defendants in the
present hearing bears crystalline testimony to the observation I have just
made.

31 I should add – and this is, in my view, of no mean significance – that the
dangers of “straying”, as it were, into the substantive merits of the _main_
action were also underscored in the present case by the fact that, at the
initial stages of this hearing, counsel for both parties unwittingly began to
delve not merely into the substantive issues surrounding the alleged damage
likely to be caused by the Mareva injunction and Anton Piller order but also
into the substantive issues that lay _outside_ those parameters.[6]

32 This emphasises a point I made earlier – which is that both counsel and the
court must indeed be alert at all times to the task at hand and (more
importantly) avoid any discussion of the substantive merits – in particular,
those that are not even related to the interlocutory proceedings themselves.
In other words, one must constantly bear in mind the fact that the relevant
damage is that which is occasioned by the _injunction_ and _not_ that which is
caused by the litigation as such. Reference may be made, in this regard, to
the Ontario decision of _Gault v Murray_ (1891) 21 OR 458 and the New Zealand
decision of _Newman Brothers, Limited v Allum, SOS Motors, Limited_ [1935]
NZLR Suppl 17.

33 More recently, Aickin J, in the Australian decision of _Air Express Limited
v Ansett Transport Industries (Operations) Proprietary Limited_ (1981) 146 CLR
249 (“the _Air Express Ltd_ case”), observed thus (at 268):

It is important in all cases, and particularly in the present case, to bear in
mind the distinction adverted to in many of the cases … between damages
flowing from the injunction and damages flowing from the litigation itself.
There may not in every case be any difference between the two but, where there
is a difference, it is essential that the damage flowing from the litigation
should not be confused with the damage flowing from the interlocutory
injunction. This is necessarily required by the form of the undertaking
itself.

34 A similar view was expressed by Barwick CJ, Gibbs and Mason JJ in the same
decision in the High Court of Australia, where Aickin J’s decision was
affirmed: see [33] _supra_ at 310, 312–313 and 324, respectively.

35 And this view finds expression in the local context in the decision of Chan
Sek Keong J (as he then was) in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Sunseekers Pte Ltd v Joshua_ [1990] SLR 245, which was helpfully cited to me
by counsel for the plaintiff and where the _Air Express Ltd_ case was also
considered.

36 However, while it may generally be difficult to articulate a set of
formulae of sufficient (that is to say, of practically helpful) particularity,
the general thrust of the existing legal principles does give the court at
least some guidance as to the general direction and approach that ought to be
adopted.

37 It seems to me that one could not, even at this preliminary stage, avoid
the need to apply general principles of law to the given facts in order to
ascertain whether or not there would be “a sufficient risk of loss” to the
(here) defendants (in particular, the third defendant).

38 What does seem clear in this regard is this: where applicants are unable to
demonstrate a sufficient risk of loss because even a preliminary application
of the relevant principles of law would reveal – without more – that there is
_no legal basis for liability_ in the first instance, then that is an end to
the matter, and fortification will not be ordered.

39 Where, in other words, the applicant cannot persuade even the court at the
threshold, as it were, that there is a basis for legal liability even prior to
investigation of the factual matrix in question, then it is clear that there
is _no_ “sufficient risk of loss”. Where, however, the applicant can
demonstrate that there is an at least reasonable basis for legal liability,
the task of the court is then to apply the relevant legal principles to the
relevant facts. In this regard, the following observation by Knox J in _Bhimji
v Chatwani_ ([3] _supra_ at 403) is apposite:

But there is, in my judgment, a significant difference in principle between
difficulty in quantification of a loss that one can see is likely to occur on
the one hand and the absence of evidence of the likelihood of a significant
loss on the other hand.

40 The principles just enunciated are consistent with those set out in _Bhimji
v Chatwani_ ([3] _supra_) as well as in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Norwest Holst Civil Engineering Ltd v Polysius Ltd,_ The Times, 23 July
1982 (full transcript available on Lexis). In the latter case, though, the
Mareva injunction was in fact discharged by the court, which then held that
the question arose as to whether any loss had been suffered by the defendant
as a result of the injunction. Indeed, the court proceeded to hold that if
there was “any real possibility” of loss having been suffered by the
defendant, that would also justify an inquiry by the court (see especially
_per_ Sir John Donaldson MR).

41 Yet again, a similar approach was adopted by Millett J (as he then was) in
the English High Court decision of _In re DPR Futures Ltd_ [1989] 1 WLR 778
(which was also referred to by counsel for the third defendant). In this case,
the learned judge _refused_ to order an _unlimited_ cross-undertaking in
damages on the part of the joint liquidators, who had obtained _ex parte_
Mareva injunctions against the directors and shareholders of the company
concerned. The initial cross-undertaking was in fact limited to £200,000. The
joint liquidators were also granted orders with regard to the discovery of
documents. However, after the joint liquidators issued proceedings against the
said directors and shareholders for the recovery of £2.3m which had allegedly
been withdrawn by the latter from the company in the form of directors’
emoluments, dividends, loans and payment for one of the directors’ shares, the
latter were prepared to give appropriate undertakings only if the joint
liquidators’ cross-undertaking was unlimited in amount. The joint liquidators,
on the other hand, were prepared to give a cross-undertaking limited to £2m.
Millett J, in continuing the Mareva injunctions as well as the orders for
discovery in favour of the joint liquidators, held that they should not be
required to provide an unlimited cross-undertaking in damages. The learned
judge made the following pertinent observations (at 786):

The court cannot avoid the need to make an intelligent estimate of _the likely
amount of any loss_ which may result from the grant of the injunction. There
is nothing unusual in this. It is so in every case where the balance of
convenience has to be considered. A plaintiff’s resources are not infinite.
But any such estimate can be reviewed from time to time and further
fortification required if necessary. If fortification cannot be obtained this
will affect the balance of convenience between granting or refusing the
injunction. But the court cannot abdicate its responsibility for deciding
where the balance of convenience lies. [emphasis added]

42 The above observations by Millett J are consistent with those expressed
above in the _Sinclair Investments Holding_ case ([20] _supra_) and were in
fact referred to in the latter case itself.

43 In addition to the legal principles set out in the cases just considered,
there are a few other relevant (and related) legal principles that might be
usefully noted.

44 One is the fact that it is a relevant factor if the plaintiff is outside
the jurisdiction. In this regard, counsel for the third defendant cited the
English High Court decision of _Harman Pictures NV v Osborne_ [1967] 2 All ER
324. Whilst this was a case dealing with an application for interlocutory
relief with regard to an alleged infringement of the plaintiffs’ copyright in
a book (specifically, an application for an injunction to restrain alleged
infringement of copyright as well as to restrain the defendants from making or
producing a film based on the defendants’ screenplay), if a general legal
principle could be drawn from it, it would of course apply to the present case
(which also concerned applications for injunctions, albeit of a somewhat
different cast). I note that in that case, Goff J (as he then was) was of the
view, first, that he had to “impose terms for the protection of the
defendants” (see _ibid_ at 337). Indeed, this was self-evident and a point
“conceded by counsel for the plaintiffs” (_ibid_). It was at this point that
the learned judge made his observations with regard to the fact that the
plaintiffs were outside the jurisdiction as follows (_ibid_):

As the plaintiffs are not within the jurisdiction I must require them to give
security towards implementing any liability they may incur under their cross-
undertaking in damages. It is impossible to quantify that at this stage, but
they have offered £10,000, which is the figure I had independently conceived
in my own mind. The injunction will therefore be conditional on the plaintiffs
giving security in that amount to the satisfaction of the master within
twenty-one days or such further time, if any, as the parties may agree or the
master direct. Further, the defendants will have liberty to apply to discharge
the injunction at any time.

45 It seems to me that the general principle(s) to be drawn from this
particular case do not take the matter forward for either of the parties.
Indeed, the issue is precisely whether or not the plaintiffs’ undertaking in
the present case ought to be fortified and, if so, to what amount. Unlike
_Harman Pictures NV v Osborne_ , there has been no concession by the
plaintiffs in the instant case as to the amount that ought to be ordered with
respect to fortification. On the contrary, counsel for the plaintiffs were at
pains to argue that fortification ought not to be ordered in the first
instance. Hence, we are thrown back, as it were, to the principles set out in
the _Sinclair Investment Holdings_ case ([20] _supra_), which have already
been considered in some detail above.

46 Perhaps some aid (or clarification, rather) in this regard may be drawn
from the English Court of Appeal decision of _Tarasov v Nassif_ (29 June 1994,
unreported; transcript available on Lexis), where it was held, _inter alia_ ,
that the key question was not so much whether the plaintiff was resident
within the jurisdiction but, rather, whether there were assets within the
jurisdiction that were readily available to satisfy any liability under the
cross-undertaking.

47 Counsel for the third defendant also cited the decision of Legoe J in the
Supreme Court of South Australia decision of _Golf Lynx v Golf Scene Pty Ltd_
(1984) 75 FLR 303 at 313 for the (related) proposition to the effect that the
undertaking given by (here) the plaintiffs ought not to be illusory. I do not
think that this very basic principle can be controverted. However, once again,
it does not really take the matter further forward inasmuch as, yet again,
whether or not the undertaking is illusory or not depends, in the final
analysis, as to whether or not there is a sufficient risk of loss. If, of
course, there is such a risk and fortification is consequently required, the
undertaking would be illusory if fortification is not ordered – and _vice
versa_. So the court comes back once again to what appears to be the crucial
issue in the present case: Was there in fact a sufficient risk of loss with
regard to the various heads which the defendants have canvassed?

48 Finally, counsel for the third defendant also referred to the English High
Court decision of _Staines v Walsh_ [2003] EWHC 1486 at [35] for the
proposition to the effect that the plaintiffs (here) must indicate their
wealth or at least have sufficient funds to cover adequately their cross-
undertaking in damages – a point which overlaps with one already dealt with
above, albeit in the context of plaintiffs situated outside the jurisdiction
(see [46] above). Otherwise, fortification of the plaintiffs’ undertaking as
to damages would usually be required: see, for example, the Supreme Court of
New South Wales decision of _Select Personnel Pty Ltd v Morgan & Banks Pty
Ltd_ (1988) 12 IPR 167. I did not view this to be a serious issue in the
present case inasmuch as counsel for the third defendant himself pointed to
the fact that the plaintiffs had allegedly indicated in an earlier (and
related) proceeding that if needed, the plaintiffs were “in a position to
underpin their undertakings to a substantial extent”.[7] It is perhaps
significant that counsel for the plaintiffs, whilst not admitting this
particular point, did not vigorously controvert this particular observation
either.

**_The core principles of causation, remoteness of damage and mitigation_**

_Introduction_

49 There was nevertheless an important issue latent within the general
principles hitherto considered. However, counsel for all the parties concerned
appeared to assume that it was not problematic throughout the hearing. This
was perhaps not surprising because, as we shall see in a moment, it raises
such fundamental concepts that are all too easily taken for granted. But
herein lies a danger that must be assiduously avoided. And it is to take
fundamental principles and concepts for granted. Even logically speaking,
there is a compelling reason why such principles are considered “fundamental”
in the first instance. It is because they are so important and so pervasive a
part of the legal landscape that they ought _not_ in fact to be taken for
granted. Or at least we do so at our peril. What, then, is this issue?

50 It will be recalled that much store was laid by counsel on the recent
decision in the _Sinclair Investment Holdings_ case ([20] _supra_) – and
rightly so. However, the principle relating to “a risk of loss” contains
within it further principles that cannot be taken for granted.

_Causation_

51 One fundamental principle is really whether or not the loss was and/or will
be _caused_ by the grant and implementation of the Mareva injunction and the
Anton Piller order (see _Sunseekers Pte Ltd v Joshua_ ([35] _supra_) as well
as the English High Court decision of _Tharros Shipping Co Ltd v Bias Shipping
Ltd_ [1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 577). This is perhaps so fundamental as not to
require reiteration. However, there must, at the very least, be an
articulation of this important principle. If, in other words, the loss has
_not_ been _caused_ by the Mareva injunction and the Anton Piller order, the
risk of loss must surely have been non-existent. This is why I was at pains to
emphasise above that the court ought not – indeed, cannot – enter into the
substantive merits of the main litigation itself (see [32]–[35] above), in
order not to muddy the legal waters surrounding the issue of causation.

_Remoteness of damage and mitigation_

52 Another fundamental principle is whether or not the loss alleged was too
_remote_. This is a principle of the first importance and, I might suggest,
lies at the _heart_ of the principle and concept of “a risk of loss” itself.
While the articulation of this principle of remoteness is not without
difficulties, these are dissipated once the light of both logic as well as
precedent is cast upon them. They nevertheless are there and must be dealt
with. Before proceeding to do so, however, it would be appropriate to refer to
_one other_ principle which is relatively straightforward and whose
application is dependent, in the final analysis, on the particular factual
matrix itself.

53 This is the principle of _mitigation_ of damage. In other words, the
plaintiff ought not to unreasonably increase its loss and must, on the
contrary, take reasonable steps to reduce it. One can immediately see that the
focus is on the standard or concept of reasonableness and that is why I have
emphasised that much is dependent on the particular facts at hand.

_Arguments in favour of the contractual conception of remoteness of damage_

54 At this juncture, it is important to examine in a little more detail the
principle of _remoteness of damage_. In particular, which _branch_ of law does
the principle itself derive from in the context of proceedings such as the
present?

55 It might be appropriate at this juncture to state that both logic as well
as precedent point to an application of the _contractual_ principles relating
to remoteness. Some elaboration of how this conclusion is arrived at is
nevertheless necessary. This is because there must always be a _legal basis_
for every legal principle considered and applied.

56 An appropriate starting point is the nature of the undertaking itself. The
undertaking given by the plaintiff is not, strictly speaking, one that is
given to the defendant as such. It is, rather, given to _the court_ (see,
generally, Steven Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed,
2004) at para 11.001). This principle is now firmly established in the case
law. A sampling of decisions in this regard across the decades include the
English Court of Appeal decisions of _Re Hailstone_ (1910) 102 LT 877 and
_Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society v Ricketts_ ([18] _supra_).

57 If, therefore, there is no contractual nexus between the plaintiff and the
defendant, why then do the general contractual principles apply? In this
regard, the following observations by Lord Diplock in the _Hoffmann-La Roche_
case ([18] _supra_) are apposite, for, as the learned law lord stated (at
361):

[I]f the undertaking is enforced the measure of the damages payable under it
is _not discretionary_. It is assessed on an inquiry into damages at which
principles to be applied are fixed and clear. The assessment [of damages] is
made upon _the same basis as that upon which damages for breach of contract
would be assessed_ if the undertaking had been a contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant that the plaintiff would _not_ prevent the
defendant from doing that which he was restrained from doing by the terms of
the injunction … [emphasis added]

58 The approach embodied in the above quotation is, I suggest, both reasonable
and fair (see also Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_ ([56] _supra_) at para
11.028). In the absence of a clear prior legal basis for the assessment of
damages for loss caused (which is understandable in view of the relatively
recent vintage of both Mareva injunctions and Anton Piller orders), it is
clear that some basis ought to be established for what is essentially a legal
liability that obtains, strictly speaking, in neither contract nor tort.
However, if one examines both the Mareva injunction as well as the Anton
Piller order closely, it is clear that the analogy with contract is a much
closer one and, hence, it is submitted, the approach adopted by Lord Diplock
in the quotation above is the correct one to adopt.

59 Indeed, this rationale (from contract) would, in my view, obtain more in
the context of undertakings in relation to the grant of injunctions
_generally_. In this regard, however, there are at least three main
_alternatives_ available (including that pertaining to contract, which I have
just endorsed).

60 Firstly, in addition to the rationale from contract, there is that which
derives from the tort of _deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation_. Adoption of
this last-mentioned rationale would mean that the plaintiff would, under the
undertaking in question, be liable for all loss that flowed directly from the
tort _regardless_ of whether or not such loss was foreseeable and would
include all consequential loss as well (see the leading House of Lords
decision of _Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank NA_ [1997] AC 254). The
reason for such a strict (and even draconian) approach was helpfully
elaborated upon by Lord Steyn in _Smith New Court Securities Ltd v Citibank
NA_ itself, as follows (_ibid_ , at 279–280): “[f]irst it serves a deterrent
purpose in discouraging fraud”; and “[s]econdly, as between the fraudster and
the innocent party, moral considerations militate in favour of requiring the
fraudster to bear the risk of misfortunes directly caused by his fraud”. Such
considerations are not, in my view, an integral part of the circumstances
surrounding damage or loss that results from a situation where an injunction
is granted by the court and I would therefore reject such a basis without
more.

61 Secondly, there is, as already alluded to above, the _tortious_ concept of
remoteness of damage (which centres on the principle of reasonable
foreseeability, the most oft-cited authority being that of the Privy Council
decision of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The
Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388). Here, we need to return to first principles. The
grant of an injunction or (in more specific contexts) Mareva injunctions
and/or Anton Piller orders is not, in my view, premised on a tortious basis as
such. Hence, the attribution of a tortious concept of remoteness is
inappropriate.

62 This leaves us with the third possible rationale – that from _contract_. It
is admitted that a direct contractual link does not exist as such. This is due
to the fact that the grant of an injunction is not one that is premised on any
direct cause of action. It is granted by the court and is, to that extent,
_sui generis_. However, the contractual analogy is the _closest_ that we have
in so far as the available options are concerned, _viz_ , contract, tort, and
deceit. In particular, the fact that the _court_ is in overall charge, as it
were, of the process is the basis, as we have seen (in [56] above), for the
fact that the undertaking in damages is owed to it, and not to the other
party.

63 Although, strictly speaking, the damage or loss that is likely to result is
suffered not by the court but, rather, by the other party, _viz_ the
defendant, _and_ issues from the grant and implementation of the _injunction_
itself, the undertaking to the court is not thereby rendered irrelevant or
immaterial. To the extent that it is relevant, it does give the overall
process an at least _quasi-contractual flavour_. In this regard the following
observations by Brett LJ in _Smith v Day_ ([8] _supra_) at 428 are also
relevant (and where, it should be noted, the leading decision on contractual
remoteness, _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341; 156 ER 145, is mentioned,
and which is considered below at [81]–[85]):

Now in the present case there is no undertaking with the opposite party, but
only with the Court. There is no contract on which the opposite party could
sue, and let us examine the case by analogy to cases where there is a contract
with, or an obligation to the other party _. If damages are granted at all, I
think the Court would never go beyond what would be given if there were an
analogous contract with or duty to the opposite party_. The rules as to
damages are shewn in _Hadley v. Baxendale_. If the injunction had been
obtained fraudulently or maliciously, the Court, I think, would act by analogy
to the rule in the case of fraudulent or malicious breach of contract, and not
confine itself to proximate damages, but give exemplary damages. In the
present case there is no ground for alleging fraud or malice. The case then is
to be governed by analogy to the ordinary breach of a contract or duty, and in
such a case the damages to be allowed are the proximate and natural damages
arising from such a breach, unless as in _Hadley v. Baxendale_ , notice had
been given to the opposite party, of there being some particular contract
which would be affected by the breach. [emphasis added]

64 The general reasoning set out in the preceding paragraphs is not without
merit – especially since there appears to be no other viable alternative
rationale or explanation. However, Brett LJ’s specific observations in _Smith
v Day_ , which are set out in the preceding paragraph, suggest that if the
injunction had been obtained “fraudulently or maliciously” a different
approach might be adopted by the court. Even here, however, the learned judge
suggests the award of exemplary damages. Many potential issues arise here
which cannot be dealt with in the instant hearing – not least because there
was no argument from fraud or malice, at least in so far as the present
hearing was concerned.

65 Nevertheless, one wonders whether Brett LJ was referring to the concept of
aggravated damages instead of exemplary damages as it is understood today.
Indeed, the rather limited circumstances under which exemplary damages will be
granted under English (and, presumably, Singapore) law appears to be in a
state of transition, even flux (compare, for example, the House of Lords
decisions of _Rookes v Barnard_ [1964] AC 1129 and _Cassell & Co Ltd v Broome_
[1972] AC 1027 on the one hand with both the House of Lords decision of
_Kuddus v Chief Constable of Leicestershire Constabulary_ [2002] 2 AC 122 and
the New Zealand Privy Council decision of _A v Bottrill_ [2003] 1 AC 449 on
the other; further reference may be made to the English Law Commission’s
_Report on Aggravated, Exemplary and Restitutionary Damages_ (Law Com No 247,
1997)).

66 There is the yet further issue as to whether or not exemplary damages could
be awarded for cynical breaches of _contract_ (see generally, for example, the
Canadian Supreme Court decision of _Whiten v Pilot Insurance Company_ (2002)
209 DLR (4th) 257). All these issues raise important questions of great import
but fall outside the purview of the present decision.

67 In addition to the general reasoning proffered thus far, however, it is
clear that the great weight of _precedent_ is in favour of a _contractual_
rationale. This is clear from the observations of Lord Diplock in the
_Hoffmann-La Roche_ case ([57] _supra_). This approach has even earlier roots
in the case law. Lord Diplock himself, for example, referred to the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Smith v Day_ ([18] _supra_), which was (in turn)
referred to by the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Schlesinger v
Bedford_ (1893) 9 TLR 370.

68 Further, the _Hoffmann-La Roche_ case was itself applied in a number of
decisions: see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Financiera Avenida v Shiblaq,_ The Times, 14 January 1991 (full transcript
available on Lexis), with both these aforementioned decisions being cited in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Cheltenham & Gloucester Building
Society_ ([18] _supra_). Indeed, all three of the decisions just mentioned in
the present paragraph were themselves cited in the English High Court decision
of _Tharros Shipping Co Ltd v Bias Shipping Ltd_ ([51] _supra_). Reference may
also be made to the English High Court decision of _In the Matter of an
Arbitration between Robert Leigh Pemberton and Richard Cooper and Robert
Cooper_ (1913) 107 LT 716 as well as the Ontario Supreme Court decision of
_Douglass v Bullen_ (1913) 12 DLR 652.

69 However, notwithstanding the weight of precedent in favour of the
contractual rationale, there has been a handful of cases where different views
have been adopted. Perhaps the most important decision in this regard is that
of Jacob J in the English High Court decision of _R v The Medicines Control
Agency_ [1999] RPC 705, where (as we shall see) many of the other relevant
decisions were cited as well. The learned judge in this case observed (at 713)
that “the precedential basis for a rule that the damages can be assessed only
on a notional contract damages is slender”. Whilst Potter LJ, delivering the
judgment of the English Court of Appeal in _Yukong Line Ltd v Rendsburg
Investments Corporation_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 113 at [36] acknowledged the
views of Jacob J, he held that “it [is] not necessary to go into the niceties
of that question for the purposes of deciding this appeal”.

70 With respect, this is surprising as Jacob J then proceeded to cite a number
of other English cases, two of which are in fact cited in [73] below.

71 The learned judge also cited (at 714) the views of Cussen LJ in the
Victorian Supreme Court decision of _Victorian Onion and Potato Growers’
Association v Finnigan_ [1922] VLR 819 at 822, as follows:

I think the word “damages” in that undertaking is to be given a very general
meaning, and is not necessarily to be given the same meaning as the word
“damages” when used in connection with breaches of contracts. “Damages” in
this case seems to me to mean real harm, rather than to have any strictly
defined meaning.

72 With respect, the view just quoted is rather vague and general. There must
surely be a legal basis for the ascertainment of the loss that is likely to
result and this must entail, in turn, the adoption by the court of a _specific
rationale_. The law does not – and cannot – operate in a vacuum devoid of
specific guidance. This view is, in my view, confirmed by the opening
observations of Aickin J in the _Air Express Ltd_ case, which are quoted below
(at [73]).

73 Jacob J also construed the views of Aickin J in the _Air Express Ltd_ case
([33] _supra_) as meaning that the latter “was not prepared to say that the
contract measure was immutable” (see _R v The Medicines Control Agency_ ([69]
_supra_) at 714; the decision of Aickin J was in fact affirmed on appeal by
the High Court of Australia). Indeed, in the _Air Express Ltd_ case itself,
Aickin J observed (at 266–267) thus:

_With all the respect properly due to Cussen J._ [in _Victorian Onion and
Potato Growers’ Association v Finnigan_], _I am unable to derive much
assistance from the expression “real harm”_ [see also [71], above] _and I
respectfully think that it cannot be adopted as a substitute for what on the
authorities has become at least a prima facie guide_. In a proceeding of an
equitable nature it is generally proper to adopt a view which is just and
equitable, or fair and reasonable, in all the circumstances rather than to
apply a rigid rule. However the view that the damages should be those which
flow directly from the injunction and _which could have been foreseen when the
injunction was granted_ , is one which will be _just and equitable_ in the
circumstances of _most cases_ and certainly in the present case. No doubt the
view as expressed in the two decisions of the Court of Appeal [in _Smith v
Day_ ([18] _supra_) and _Schlesinger v Bedford_ ([67] _supra_)] d _oes not
constitute a rigid rule and circumstances may sometimes require a different
approach. However, it will in my opinion be seldom that it will be just or
equitable that the unsuccessful plaintiff should bear the burden of damages
which were not foreseeable from circumstances known to him at the time_.
[emphasis added]

74 However, in _Financiera Avenida v Shiblaq_ ([68] _supra_), the court did
not find it necessary to give guidance as to whether or not the High Court of
Australia in the _Air Express Ltd_ case ([33] _supra_) was indeed departing
from the views of Lord Diplock in the _Hoffmann-La Roche_ case ([57] _supra_).
This is not surprising in view of this same court’s endorsement of the
_Hoffmann-La Roche_ case itself (see [68] above). On the contrary, Neill LJ,
in the _Cheltenham & Gloucester Building Society_ case ([18] _supra_) appeared
(at 1552) to treat the views expressed in the _Air Express Ltd_ case as being
consistent with the proposition to the effect that “the court in exercising
its equitable jurisdiction would adopt similar principles to those relevant in
a claim for breach of contract”. In my view, this is the correct view of the
_Air Express Ltd_ case, having regard to the precise language used by Aickin J
himself (and as quoted at [73] above). The views of Aickin J were in fact
endorsed by both Barwick CJ and Stephen J on appeal, whilst Mason J appeared
to prefer the rationale from the tort of deceit, with Gibbs J apparently
expressing no conclusive views in this regard.

75 I should point out, however, that Chan J in _Sunseekers Pte Ltd v Joshua_
([35] _supra_) did appear (at 251–252, [20]) at first blush to accept Aickin
J’s view with respect to what is just and equitable in the _Air Express Ltd_
case (see above at [73]) as a possible alternative argument. However, the
learned judge did then proceed to observe, adopting the very words of Aickin J
himself, that “it will be seldom that it will be just or equitable that the
unsuccessful plaintiff should bear the burden of damages which were not
foreseeable from circumstances known to him at the relevant time” (at 252,
[21]). Indeed, Chan J held that the alleged damage suffered by the defendant
in that case as a result of the grant of a Mareva injunction failed not only
on the ground of the lack of causation but also because the damage was, in any
event, _too remote_ (see _ibid_).

76 Finally, Jacob J, in _R v The Medicines Control Agency_ ([69] _supra_)
observed thus (at 714–715):

I have much sympathy with the view that the contract basis for assessment is
or may be too narrow in some cases. After all, even if the injunctor is no
wrongdoer, as compared with the wholly wrongly assailed injunctee, he stands a
notch down. It was he who (as it turned out) wrongly assailed the injunctee.
He was the “voluntary litigant” … There is a lot to be said for the view that
the paying party should pay for all the damage directly caused to the
injunctee by the wrongful injunction — that he must take his victim as he
finds him. Of course if, once he knows of the injunction, the injunctee does
not spell out to the injunctor any special circumstances causing direct but,
to the injunctor, unforeseeable damage, he may not be allowed to recover for
that damage. Equity would be apt to blame an injunctee who stood by, letting
the injunctor build up a liability on the cross-undertaking of which he had no
knowledge.

**_I think that in an appropriate case the courts will have to examine the
principles more closely. I do not think it is necessary for me to do so
here_** _._ Whether the recoverable damage is that which is foreseeable by the
plaintiff or that which is directly caused by the injunction **_is_**** _not
in point_**. None of the differing views expressed in the cases go so far as
to say that the injunctee can claim for damage _not_ suffered by him. Nor do
the very words of the undertaking (which is the foundation of the
jurisdiction) suggest that he can recover more than that which he has
suffered, whether that damage is foreseeable by the injunctor or not.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

77 With great respect, the views expressed in the above quotation from Jacob
J’s judgment appear, firstly, to endorse the rationale from the tort of
deceit. However, as I have already mentioned, this rationale is not a very
satisfactory one (see generally [60] above).

78 Secondly, and more importantly, the learned judge does appear, in the final
analysis, to endorse an approach that is, as we shall see, both in substance
and effect the same as the test for remoteness under the law of _contract_.
This is indeed the test which is, as already argued, endorsed both in
principle and logic as well as by the weight of case law authority.

79 Finally, it is clear that Jacob J did not in fact decide, in the final
analysis, whether an approach alternative to the contractual one ought to be
adopted. This is self-evident from the concluding paragraph quoted above at
[76]. Indeed, it was unnecessary for the learned judge to decide on the
particular legal approach to be taken since he found, on the facts, that there
was no damage suffered by the defendant in the first instance.

80 Having established, therefore, that the general principles of _contractual_
remoteness apply, it would be appropriate to set out the precise principles
which are applicable in this regard.

_Contractual principles relating to remoteness of damage_

81 It is established law that remoteness of damage under contract law
comprises two limbs – first, damage flowing “naturally” from the breach of
contract and, secondly, “unusual” damage which (by its very definition) does
not flow naturally from the breach of contract but, rather, is due to special
circumstances. These two limbs are in fact to be found in the seminal decision
of the (English) Court of Exchequer in _Hadley v Baxendale_ ([63] _supra_), as
helpfully elaborated upon in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Victoria
Laundry (Windsor) Ld v Newman Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528. Indeed, in the
latter decision, Asquith LJ (who delivered the judgment of the court)
perceptively and helpfully distinguished between _two kinds_ of knowledge that
must be brought home to the defendant in order that the damage might not be
considered to be too remote.

82 The first is _imputed_ knowledge. Knowledge is imputed when it is the kind
or type of knowledge that everyone, as reasonable people, must be taken to
know. Everyone must, as reasonable people, be taken to know of damage which
flows “naturally” from a breach of contract. In other words, this category of
(imputed) knowledge is linked to the _first_ limb referred to in [81] above.
What is of vital legal significance is that in so far as such “natural” or
“ordinary” damage is concerned, there is _no need_ for the plaintiff to prove
_actual_ knowledge on the part of the defendant: the defendant (in this
particular case, the plaintiffs) must be _taken to know_ (under the concept of
imputed knowledge) that such damage would _ordinarily_ ensue as a result of
the breach of contract concerned.

83 The second type of knowledge is _actual_ knowledge. Not surprisingly, this
particular category of knowledge relates to the _second_ limb referred to in
[81] above. It concerns “special” or “non-natural” damage that results from a
breach of contract. A relatively more stringent criterion of knowledge is here
required in order that the damage will not be found to be too remote in law.
Put simply, the defendant must have had _actual_ knowledge of the special
circumstances which are outside the usual course of things. These
circumstances must be such that, in the event of a breach of contract
occurring, loss or damage going _beyond_ what would ordinarily result under
the first limb (referred to in [81], above, and which, _ex hypothesi_ , are
within the usual course of things) would ensue. In fairness to the defendant,
in order for him or her to be fixed with liability for such “special” or “non-
natural” damage, he or she must have had _actual_ knowledge of the
aforementioned special circumstances. In order for such actual knowledge to be
brought home, as it were, to the defendant, an objective test is utilised. In
the words of Robert Goff J (as he then was) in the English High Court decision
of _Satef-Huttenes Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA (The Pegase)_
[1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 at 183:

[T]he test appears to be: have the facts in question come to the defendant’s
knowledge in such circumstances that _a reasonable person in the shoes of the
defendant_ would, if he had considered the matter at the time of the making of
the contract, have contemplated that, in the event of a breach by him, such
facts were to be taken into account when considering his responsibility for
loss suffered by the plaintiff as a result of such breach. The answer to that
question may vary from case to case … [emphasis added]

84 The following observations by Lai Kew Chai J in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Teck Tai Hardware (S) Pte Ltd v Corten Furniture Pte Ltd_ [1998]
2 SLR 244 at [17] might also be usefully noted:

The second rule [_ie_ , the second limb in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , as to which
see [81] above] caters for the situation where the contract breaker knows or
ought in certain circumstances to have known more than what every reasonable
man is presumed to know. If his contracting party tells him something outside
the ordinary course of things before or at the time the contract is made, the
second rule would apply.

85 That the abovementioned principles are part of Singapore law can be seen,
for example, from a local decision decided as far back as 1880: see _Yeo Leng
Tow & Co v Rautenberg, Schmidt & Co_ (1880) 1 Ky 491. There are of course more
recent decisions, including the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Hong
Fok Realty Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 73 and _City
Securities Pte Ltd v Associated Management Services Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 727.

86 English law is the foundation of Singapore law (see, in particular, and in
this regard, the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed),
especially s 3). It is no surprise, therefore, that the English position with
regard to remoteness of damage is well established in the Singapore context.

87 It might be noted in passing at this juncture, however, that there is a New
Zealand Court of Appeal decision that actually _questions_ the viability of
_Hadley v Baxendale_ itself: see _McElroy Milne v Commercial Electronics Ltd_
[1993] 1 NZLR 39 (“ _McElroy Milne_ ”). Nevertheless, the situation in so far
as Singapore is concerned is, as we have seen, too well established in so far
as the adoption of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ is concerned _._ In any
event, _McElroy Milne_ has not in fact found favour in New Zealand itself:
see, for example, Rex Ahdar, “Remoteness, ‘Ritual Incantation’ and the Future
of _Hadley v Baxendale_ : Reflections from New Zealand” (1994) 7 JCL 53 as
well as Stephen Todd, “Remedies for breach of contract” in ch 21 of John
Burrows, Jeremy Finn & Stephen Todd, _Law of Contract in New Zealand – A
Successor to Cheshire & Fifoot’s Law of Contract, 8th New Zealand Edition_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2002) at pp 767–768. The very relevant call to legal
autochthony (which has its source in the rich scholarship of the late Prof G W
Bartholomew) is nevertheless not a call to departure from the received English
law merely for its own sake. Indeed, this is one such situation where
departure is not, in my view, justified.

**_A brief summary_**

88 I turn, now, to the application of the general legal principles stated –
and elaborated upon – above, particularly as they apply to the various alleged
heads of likely loss canvassed by (in particular) counsel for the third
defendant.

89 However, before proceeding to do so, it would be appropriate and helpful,
in my view, to set out, in summary form, the main legal principles applicable
(always bearing in mind the fact that this is, nevertheless, no substitute for
a detailed knowledge, and analysis, of these principles):

(a) An undertaking as to damages is one given to the _court_ , and not to the
other party.

(b) Such an undertaking is intended to provide a means of compensation for the
defendant for loss if it occurs in relation to (here) the grant and
implementation of the Mareva injunction and the Anton Piller order.

(c) Whether or not _fortification_ of such an undertaking will be granted
depends on whether or not _a real risk of loss_ can be shown by the (here,
first and third) defendants.

(d) The risk mentioned in the preceding paragraph is governed, _inter alia_ ,
by the _contractual_ principles relating to causation, remoteness of damage
and mitigation.

(e) In the final analysis, the undertaking given by the plaintiff cannot be
illusory. More specifically, the court has to ascertain whether there are
_sufficient assets_ either within or outside the jurisdiction that would be
readily available to satisfy any liability under the undertaking itself. This
explains why fortification of undertakings is usually, albeit not invariably,
granted where foreign plaintiffs are involved.

**The alleged losses**

**_Alleged loss of sales revenue suffered as a result of alleged disruption to
the third defendant’s business_**

90 Counsel for the third defendant sought to demonstrate that the obtaining
of, and execution of, both the Mareva injunction as well as Anton Piller order
by the plaintiffs resulted in grave disruption of the third defendant’s
business and equally grave (indeed, graver) loss in so far as its sales
revenue was concerned.

91 In summary, the alleged loss (in US dollars) is 1.9% (which comprised the
gross margin) of the total of the amounts to be found in the right-most column
of the following table reproduced in Mr Andrew Grimmett’s report[8] (under the
heading of “Net Loss”).

**Date** |  **Actual Turnover (USD)** |  **Average per day (USD)** |  **Net Loss  
(USD)**  
---|---|---|---  
03-Aug-04 |  2,568,997 |  5,700,967 |  3,131,970  
04-Aug-04 |  2,695,851 |  5,700,967 |  3,005,116  
05-Aug-04 |  6,442,780 |  5,700,967 |  (741,813)  
06-Aug-04 |  4,326,761 |  5,700,967 |  1,374,206  
07-Aug-04 |  125,828 |  787,557 |  661,729  
09-Aug-04 |  1,973,533 |  1,746,825 |  (226,708)  
10-Aug-04 |  5,526,924 |  5,700,967 |  174,043  
11-Aug-04 |  4,435,839 |  5,700,967 |  1,265,128  
12-Aug-04 |  5,791,524 |  5,700,967 |  (90,557)  
13-Aug-04 |  5,031,480 |  5,700,967 |  _669,487_  
**TOTAL** |  |  |  **_9,222,601_**  
  
92 The alleged loss is therefore US$175,229 (_ie_ , 1.9% of US$9,222,601) or
S$297,890.

93 If one examines the figures pertaining to net loss in the above table
closely, it will be seen immediately that there was a significant loss on 3
August 2004 and 4 August 2004. However, on the day immediately following (_ie_
, 5 August 2004), there was not only no loss but (on the contrary) an actual
gain of US$741,813. The figures for the remainder of the period (from 6 August
2004 to 13 August 2004) demonstrate no real pattern as such (with actual
profits manifesting themselves, in fact, on two of the days, _viz_ , 9 August
2004 and 12 August 2004).

94 It is clear, in my view, taking the most generous interpretation I can
reasonably adopt with regard to the third defendant’s alleged losses, that any
disruption caused by the plaintiffs’ taking out – and execution – of the
injunctions concerned could (at best) have had an adverse causative impact on
the third defendant’s business on 3 August 2004 and 4 August 2004 only. I bear
in mind, in this regard, that it was significant that both the Mareva
injunction as well as the Anton Piller order were executed between 2 August
2004 and 4 August 2004. This coincidence in timeframe appears to me to be – at
least arguably – more than a mere coincidence and one that supports the third
defendant’s claim for fortification under this particular alleged head of loss
during this period. If so, then, the likely loss suffered by the third
defendant is 1.9% of US$6,137,086 (or S$198,216).

95 Counsel for the plaintiff did, however, argue persuasively that the
execution of the Mareva injunction and Anton Piller order could not reasonably
have disrupted the third defendant’s business to such a massive extent. He
also pointed to the net _profit_ earned on, _inter alia_ , 5 August 2004, the
day after the execution of both injunctions. I have in fact already taken this
last-mentioned fact into account. However, it must be borne in mind that the
onus on the third defendant is not to prove its loss as such but only to
demonstrate that such loss was likely to take place in accordance with the
various legal criteria set out earlier in this judgment. Given the relatively
low threshold of proof, I was therefore satisfied that there was likely loss
to the third defendant under this head of loss totalling S$198,216.

**_Alleged losses with regard to manpower costs as well as losses arising from
stationery and photocopying_**

96**** The alleged losses with regard to manpower costs as well as losses
arising from stationery and photocopying relate to a couple of relatively
minor matters. By “minor” I refer to the amounts claimed since they pale by
comparison to the other amounts that the defendants have claimed as likely
losses in this application. It should be noted that both these heads of
alleged likely loss are to be found in the affidavit of Ms Emily Chay Suet
Meng, who is the Chief Financial Officer of the third defendant.[9]

97 The first relates to the alleged losses suffered with regard to manpower
costs. This was calculated on the basis of the writing-off, in effect, of the
salaries of the third defendant’s officers who were directly involved in
helping to supervise the execution of the Anton Piller order by the plaintiffs
at the third defendant’s premises. This amounted to $6,400.[10] I am prepared
to find that these officers were in fact “tied up” during the time the Anton
Piller order was executed and would include it as a likely loss suffered by
the third defendant.

98 The second sub-head of damage relates to the alleged stationery and
photocopying costs incurred during the plaintiffs’ execution of the Anton
Piller order at the third defendant’s premises. This came to a total of
$1,030[11] and I am prepared to hold that this would also be a likely loss
that was suffered by the third defendant.

**_Alleged loss suffered under an existing contract with a Mexican company_**

99 In its claim (with respect to an alleged likely loss of $4,622,470 suffered
under an existing contract with a Mexican company), counsel for the third
defendant did not raise any _express_ arguments with regard to remoteness of
damage. It can, hardly though, be argued that these principles do not apply –
especially since counsel for the third defendant relied so heavily on the
principle of “a risk of loss” which, as we have seen, _necessarily_ embodies
the _contractual_ principle of remoteness of damage.

100 The general principles relating to remoteness of damage have already been
set out above (see generally [81]–[87]). In a nutshell, the established
principles first set out in _Hadley v Baxendale_ apply.

101 Turning, then, to the specific facts that constitute the basis of the
third defendant’s allegation of loss under the present head, it was clear that
the alleged loss related to a contract with a foreign (here, Mexican) company
which the plaintiffs did not (or at least were not shown to have) special
knowledge of.

102 It is also clear that the alleged loss that was likely to be suffered
under the contract with the Mexican company was not an “ordinary” or “natural”
but was, rather, “unusual” or “special”. Hence, _actual_ knowledge on the part
of the plaintiffs would be required (see also Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_
([56] _supra_) at p 311 as well as [83]–[84] above). This was clearly absent
on the facts of the present case and, not surprisingly, was not argued by
counsel for the defendants. It was therefore clear to me that the alleged loss
suffered under the present head was too remote and, hence, not recoverable.

**_Alleged loss suffered as a result of the alleged adverse impact on the
third defendant’s working capital_**

103**** The alleged loss suffered as a result of the alleged adverse impact on
the third defendant’s working capital in the sum of $11m and its consequent
inability to take advantage of cash discounts offered by its major suppliers
related to the fact that the third defendant would be entitled to a cash
discount of 1% if it made payment within 15 days. Counsel for the third
defendant argued, in this regard, that the need to set aside $11m as
stakeholders’ moneys in order to obtain suspension of the Mareva injunction
has deprived the third defendant of a substantial amount which it could
otherwise have utilised in order to enjoy the said cash discount offered by
its suppliers.

104 The amount of loss alleged was not insubstantial. The calculation in this
regard was premised on two cycles per month (with, presumably, 15 days
comprising one cycle). On the basis of a 1% cash discount obtainable for two
cycles a month, this worked out to $220,000. On some months, counsel for the
third defendant argued that his client had in fact lost 2% for a particular
cycle. From August 2004 to November 2004 alone, the amount of likely loss
alleged totalled $900,000, according to Mr Andrew Grimmett’s report.[12]

105 Counsel for the third defendant in fact went further. Relying on Mr Andrew
Grimmett’s report,[13] he argued that the third defendant had also missed the
opportunity to garner an additional $44m in sales up to September 2004 and a
further $44m in sales in October and November 2004. At a gross margin of 1.9%
(already noted previously), this came to an alleged total loss of $1,672,000.

106 This was not all. Counsel for the third defendant, referring to Mr Andrew
Grimmett’s report,[14] further argued that until the amount of $11m was in
fact returned to the third defendant, it would continue to lose gross margins
of $22m in lost sales per month.

107 This is a classic instance of where one can miss the proverbial wood for
the trees if one is not careful about starting-points. In other words, if one
commences – no matter how well intentioned one might be – on the wrong road,
then all the effort spent travelling on that wrong route, which would
otherwise have been immensely praiseworthy, would (unfortunately) be in vain.
More specifically, and turning to the facts of the present case, where it is
necessary to delve into figures and statistics generally, the court will of
course do so. However, such details come into play only when they are
triggered, as it were, by applicable legal principle(s). To plunge straight
into the various figures and statistics without more would be an exercise in
futility if there had been no likelihood of loss in law in the first instance.
The ascertainment of the legal foundations must necessarily be the first step.

108 Looking in the first instance at the legal basis for the claim levelled
here by counsel for the third defendant, one had necessarily – as correctly
pointed out by counsel for the plaintiffs – to return to the terms of the
Mareva injunction itself. After all, it was precisely because (so the third
defendant’s argument went) the Mareva injunction had “tied up” $11m that the
losses under the present head had resulted.

109 Counsel for the plaintiffs pertinently pointed to a crucial term in the
Mareva injunction itself – specifically, to _Exception 2_ which provides that
the defendants may deal with or dispose of their assets “in the ordinary and
proper course of business”.[15] This Exception reflects the observation by
Millett J in _In re DPR Futures Ltd_ ([41] _supra_), where the learned judge
observed (at 786) that “[i]t is important to remember that it is not the
purpose of a _Mareva_ injunction to prevent a defendant from carrying on
business or living his life normally pending the determination of the
proceedings” and the learned judge in fact added words which were similar in
spirit to those contained in Exception 2.

110 Counsel for the plaintiffs further argued that if there had been any doubt
on the part of the defendants, they could have sought legal advice or made an
urgent application to the court. Given the fact that the third defendant was
more than amply represented from a legal perspective as well as what I must
consider to be its considerable commercial acumen and (above all) will, I have
no doubts that it had – or ought, as reasonable commercial persons, to have
had – not only cognisance of Exception 2 but also ought to have fully
understood its meaning and content as well. As I note towards the end of my
judgment, the defendants did not attempt to get the Mareva injunction set
aside either. Nor, more specifically, was this particular argument by counsel
for the plaintiffs really met in any substantive way by counsel for the
defendants.

111 In the circumstances, I find that the third defendant has not demonstrated
that the “tying up” of the $11m actually caused the loss presently alleged to
have been suffered under the present head. Indeed, it is precisely because it
did not avail itself of the standard exception to the Mareva injunction that
the alleged damage was caused. Even if the third defendant is able to succeed
on the issue of causation (and this is extremely doubtful, as I have just
indicated), it is clear that by merely sitting on its hands, as it were, it
has clearly not only not mitigated its loss but has actually (and
unreasonably, in my view) exacerbated it. There is no doubt, as a matter of
law, that the principle of mitigation of damage is clearly applicable in
situations of this nature (see [53] above as well as Gee, _Commercial
Injunctions_ ([56] _supra_) at p 310). The principle of mitigation, as already
mentioned, is primarily one centring on the concept of reasonableness as
viewed in the context of the specific facts and the finding any reasonable
person would take would be as I have just stated.

112 However, I did, after careful consideration, determine that, in so far as
_one cycle_ _in the very initial period_ was concerned, the third defendant
would – owing to insufficiency in time – have been unable to avail itself of
Exception 2 above. I have in mind, in particular, the fact that the Mareva
injunction and the Anton Piller order were executed between 2 August 2004 and
4 August 2004. I am therefore prepared to find that there was likely loss
during the very first cycle during the very first period (amounting to
$110,000).

113 In the circumstances, the third defendant clearly failed with respect to
the application for fortification under the present head of alleged loss,
except with respect to one cycle for which I find that there was a likely loss
of $110,000.

**_Alleged loss suffered as a result of an alleged adverse impact on the third
defendant’s quarterly rebates_**

114 Another alleged head of likely loss related to quarterly rebates given to
the third defendant by its major vendors, provided that stipulated targets are
achieved. To this end, the third defendant claims that it has lost a total of
$4,882,668.

115 Consistently with my views and holding expressed above with regard to the
alleged loss centring on the likely loss of sales, I find that the third
defendant has not satisfactorily proved that loss under this particular head
was indeed _caused_ by the execution of the Mareva injunction and the Anton
Piller order by the plaintiffs. Indeed, the absence of causal nexus seems to
me to be even more marked in this particular regard.

**_Alleged loss resulting from an inability by the third defendant to obtain a
listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange_**

116 The amount claimed by the third defendant under the head of alleged loss
resulting from its inability to obtain a listing on the Singapore Stock
Exchange was, in a word, astronomical (of between $30m and $42m), and entailed
a complex series of calculations (detailed in Mr Andrew Grimmett’s
report[16]). As already mentioned, the third defendant was prepared to adopt a
lower estimate of $37.1m. This remained, nevertheless, an enormous sum. It did
not appear logical that the actions of the plaintiffs in taking out both the
Mareva injunction as well as Anton Piller order could have resulted in such a
massive loss. Still, fact is often stranger than fiction and anything is
possible. For present purposes, of course, the question for determination was
whether it was probable as a likely loss that was _caused_ by the plaintiffs’
actions. Herein (in the application of the basic concept of causation), I
found logic and the law _ad idem_.

117 It should also be noted that this particular head was in fact the only one
that involved the first defendant as he (the first defendant) had agreed to
take 75% of the shares to be listed and had intended to float 5% upfront so as
to obtain funds in hand immediately. Counsel for the first defendant did
concede that the likely loss was difficult to ascertain, although the amounts
he mentioned were also very large. Once again, such loss was premised on
whether this alleged loss was a likely loss that was _caused_ by the
plaintiffs’ actions.

118 The Anton Piller order was executed within, as we have seen, a very brief
compass of physical time. Whilst it must, as I have ruled, have resulted in
some disruption and possible loss to the third defendant, I could not locate a
causal connection or nexus between the execution of that order and the loss
now claimed under the present head. If at all, any chance of success under
this particular head by the third defendant must necessarily lie in arguments
centring around the effect of the Mareva injunction – to which issue I now
turn.

119 The respective events and timeframe leading to the application for,
execution of, as well as ultimate suspension of the Mareva injunction have
already been set out earlier in my judgment. It remains now to ascertain what
effect it might have had with respect to the loss under the present head. In
this regard, I agree with counsel for the plaintiffs who argued that the
defendants’ argument was misconceived as they (the defendants) had identified
the _wrong cause_ for the loss claimed under the present head. In particular,
counsel for the plaintiffs argued that it was neither the Mareva injunction
nor the Anton Piller order that had resulted in an inability on the part of
the third defendant to bring to fruition its listing on the Singapore Stock
Exchange. Indeed, it was acknowledged by counsel for the third defendant that
so long as litigation was in process, it would be impossible to obtain a
listing. I agree with counsel for the plaintiffs that the Mareva injunction as
well as the Anton Piller order were merely part of the ongoing litigation and
could in no way have _caused_ the loss claimed under the present head. I
therefore reject the claim for fortification under this alleged head of loss
in so far as both the first and third defendants are concerned. Indeed, it is
imperative to reiterate that a distinction must be drawn between loss caused
by the Mareva injunction and Anton Piller order on the one hand and that
caused by the main litigation on the other – a distinction that has in fact
already been set out and emphasised above (see [32]–[35]).

120 The rejection of the third defendant’s claim under this particular head
has profound implications in so far as the first defendant’s claim is
concerned. This is because the success of the latter’s claim is dependent on
the success of the former’s. This was clearly admitted by counsel for the
first defendant right at the outset of the present hearing (see [6] above). In
the circumstances, therefore, the first defendant’s claim must necessarily
fail.

**Conclusion**

121 I found it somewhat odd that, although there were references to some
arguments,[17] no real attempt as such was made by the defendants, in
conjunction with the _present_ arguments for fortification, to discharge the
injunction on its merits. It was clear, however, that if the plaintiffs could
not meet the amount for fortification that I had ordered, the injunction would
have to be discharged (compare, for example, _MacDonald v Pottersfield Limited
(No 2)_ [2002] EWHC 1778); this was in fact an order sought by this
application,[18] and I indeed made an order to that effect.

122 Since there is at least some indication that the defendants were not
disputing the merits of the injunction (at least up to the point of time
concerning the present hearing) but were, rather, concerned about the possible
damage it might suffer as a result therefrom (and, hence, the present
application), I was especially mindful that any fortification ordered had to
be thoroughly justified, in order to ensure that the plaintiffs were not
unjustifiably deprived of their rights. Although it would perhaps be going a
little too far to argue, as counsel for the plaintiffs did, that the entire
purpose of the present applications was to bring undue pressure to bear on the
plaintiffs, this was not (potentially at least, and especially in the context
of the total amount of fortification asked for by the defendants in the
present case) a wholly spurious argument and, hence, I was anxious to ensure
that there was thorough justification for any fortification ordered. I bear in
mind, in particular, the fact that the amount of fortification requested by
the defendants was so astronomical that, if it were not so justified, it might
arguably be even more draconian than an unlimited undertaking, given the fact
that the amount of the undertaking sought here, if granted, would crystallise
immediately.

123 The right to fortification is, after all, intended to do justice to the
applicant without resulting in the hanging of an albatross around the neck of
the other party. It is imperative that procedural and substantive justice be
integrated – a point of general and, indeed, pivotal importance, and which I
have elaborated upon in another decision: see _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng
Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 50 at [4]–[9].

124 After reviewing all the items canvassed by counsel for the third
defendant, I came to the conclusion (as elaborated upon in more detail above)
that there was a likelihood of damage, albeit not of the magnitude claimed by
the third defendant and for the reasons I have stated above. As already
explained above, none of these items impacted the first defendant in any way;
in other words, there was no likelihood of any damage resulting in so far as
the first defendant was concerned.

125 In the premises, I granted the third defendant’s application for
fortification in the total amount of S$315,646, comprising the following heads
of likely loss:

**Heads of alleged likely loss Amount (S$)**

Loss of sales revenue 198,216

Loss resulting from manpower costs 6,400

Loss related to stationery and photocopying costs 1,030

Loss of cash discounts _110,000_

**Total** _315,646_

126 For the reasons I have already given, the total amount was allocated to
the third defendant only, with costs.

Application allowed in part.

  

* * *

[1] See generally para 1 of the Third Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 January
2005.

[2] This expert report is contained in Exhibit “AG-1” of Mr Andrew Grimmett’s
affidavit dated 5 January 2005 in the Third Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits —
Volume 6. The report itself is dated 3 January 2005.

[3] And see para 48 of the Third Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 January
2005.

[4] See the First Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at p 3.

[5] See the First Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at pp 5-7 read together
with Mr Andrew Grimmett’s expert report contained in Exhibit “AG-1” of his
affidavit dated 11 January 2005 as well as with his first report, above, note
2 at para 109.

[6] See also, for example, paras 8-12 of the Third Defendant’s Submissions
dated 13 January 2005.

[7] See para 32 of the Third Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 January 2005,
referring to the relevant Notes of Argument annexed to the said Submissions as
Appendix B.

[8] At para 27 of Mr Andrew Grimmett’s report.

[9] See her affidavit dated 19 August 2004 in the 3rd Defendant’s Bundle of
Affidavits — Vol 2.

[10]See _ibid_ at para 23.

[11]See _ibid_ at para 24.

[12]See para 58 of Mr Andrew Grimmett’s report.

[13]At para 60.

[14]At para 61.

[15]See the Third Defendant’s Bundle of Pleadings, Vol 1, Tab 14 at pp 12-13.

[16]At paras 75 to 113.

[17]Principally from material non-disclosure: see paras 13-31 of the Third
Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 January 2005.

[18] See para 1(iii) of the Third Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 January
2005.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

