Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## City Hardware Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Chye  
[2005] SGHC 25

Case Number | : | Suit 179/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Gabriel, Ismail bin Atan and Calista Peter (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; James Goon Hoong Seng and Sham Chee Keat (Ramdas and Wong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  City Hardware Pte Ltd — Goh Boon Chye   
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Cheques – Cheque
truncation – Whether Cheque Truncation System modifying contractual
obligations or liabilities on instrument intended to be negotiable instrument
– Sections 89, 90 Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Duties of holder – Notice
of dishonour – Whether notice of dishonour dispensed with – Whether defendant
prejudiced or inconvenienced by failure to serve timeous notice of dishonour –
Section 50(3)(c)(iv) Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Duties of holder –
Presentment for payment – Whether bills of exchange must be presented for
payment to engage payment undertaking of drawer or indorser – Whether
requirement of presentment excused where drawer having no reason to believe
bill would be paid if presented – Whether burden on defendant to satisfy court
that presentment of cheque would have been appropriate and meaningful –
Sections 45(1), 45(2), 46(3)(c) Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Bills of Exchange and Other Negotiable Instruments – Presentation for payment
– Plaintiff's bank returning cheque without physical presentment to
defendant's bank – Whether plaintiff effecting proper presentment of cheque on
defendant or defendant's bank qua agent – Sections 45(1), 45(2), 46(3)(c)
Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

31 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 This judgment ought to be read in conjunction with my judgment in _City
Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 24 (“the Kenrich
proceedings”). The plaintiff in these proceedings claims against the defendant
on a cheque signed by him. The factual matrix can be stated in a brief
compass.

2 In or about March 2000, the defendant visited the plaintiff’s office. To
reassure the plaintiff of his personal backing and support for business to be
transacted with Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd (“Kenrich”), the defendant handed
the plaintiff’s managing director, Lau Chui Chew (“LCC”), a blank cheque (“the
Cheque”) which he had signed. According to LCC, the defendant, who was the
managing director of Kenrich, informed him that the plaintiff was entitled to
complete the Cheque and present it for payment in the event Kenrich defaulted
in its payment obligations to the plaintiff. The plaintiff asserts that it
accepted the Cheque as security for outstandings due from Kenrich should
Kenrich default on its repayment obligations.

3 When Kenrich did in fact default on its repayment obligations, the plaintiff
completed the Cheque on or about 30 June 2003 by dating it, naming itself as
payee and stating the amount due to it, that is to say, the sum of
$576,621.54.

4 On 30 June 2003, the Cheque was deposited with the plaintiff’s bank for
clearance. The plaintiff’s bank, however, returned the Cheque the next day
without arranging for the physical presentation of the Cheque to the
defendant’s bank. The Cheque did not conform to the then approved format for
automated clearance and could not be electronically processed. It appears that
since July 2002, cheque clearances in Singapore have been automated and a
system of online image-based clearance procedures named the “Cheque Truncation
System” (“CTS”) has been implemented in banking on an industry-wide basis. The
plaintiff made no further attempts to present the Cheque through manual
clearance. Subsequently, the plaintiff served a notice of dishonour on the
defendant on 3 October 2003. It is undisputed that the defendant did not have,
at all material times, sufficient funds in his bank account to meet the amount
claimed.

5 The defendant, in his original affidavit of evidence-in-chief, admits
handing over the Cheque to the plaintiff. He, however, emphatically denies
legal responsibility. He states:

This was given at the request of the plaintiff to facilitate payment of any
part of the said interest for outstanding loans should I be out of Singapore.
At that time, neither Aloh [another company owed by the defendant] nor Kenrich
had started a current account. The said blank cheque was a _temporary
arrangement_. [emphasis added]

6 In a supplementary affidavit which was adduced only after the trial had
commenced, the defendant dramatically changed his tack and adduced several new
layers of facts and contentions in an attempt to refute liability. The
relevant portions of this affidavit are reproduced:

3\. The said instrument was a temporary arrangement and was meant to be
obsolete when Kenrich or Aloh could use their bank accounts to pay the
Plaintiffs.

4\. The said instrument was only meant for any debt due and payable when the
said instrument was given, and it was agreed by the Plaintiffs’ Lau Chui Chew,
that before presenting the said instrument, he would inform me of the amount
and the intended presentment to enable me to arrange for sufficient funds to
meet the amount concerned.

5\. When Kenrich and Aloh subsequently began operating their respective bank
accounts, I informed the said Lau Chui Chew in or about the middle of 2000
that I would not be using my DBS account no 0290097577 any more, for purposes
of the business with the Plaintiffs.

6\. In any event, when the new Cheque Truncation System (“CTS”) came into
being in or about July 2002, I assumed, from the Plaintiffs’ conduct in not
asking from me a fresh signed instrument which would comply with the CTS, that
the Plaintiffs would no longer ask for payments from me.

**Evaluation of evidence**

7 I first consider the conflicting evidence relating to why the Cheque was
given to the plaintiff by the defendant. In the Kenrich proceedings which were
heard concurrently, I found the defendant to be an unsatisfactory witness. His
testimony, in so far as it was relevant to these proceedings, was fraught with
contradictions and discrepancies and only served to fortify my view that he
lacked credibility.

8 The defendant had initially asserted that the Cheque was a “temporary
arrangement” merely to service interest in the event it remained unpaid. This
was obviously a tenuous concoction designed to buttress his principal line of
defence – namely, that the transactions between Kenrich and the plaintiff were
_de facto_ moneylending transactions. In reality, amounts owing to the
plaintiff on the invoices had never been apportioned. There were no known
instances of “interest” _per_ _se_ being separately invoiced, apportioned or
paid. Indeed, in his supplementary affidavit, such a contention was muted, if
not altogether mute. He stated therein that the Cheque was meant to cover “
_any debt_ due and payable” [emphasis added] when it was given. In the face of
such glaring contradictions the defendant was compelled to reluctantly concede
that his earlier assertion that the Cheque was meant to cover only interest is
“not true”.

9 Soon after the initial exchange of affidavits of evidence-in-chief, the
plaintiff’s counsel specifically queried the defendant as to when Kenrich had
opened its banking account. The defendant thereupon abruptly changed his
stance and now asserts that the Cheque was given in February 2000 and not in
March 2000 as earlier contended. It had become amply clear by then that
Kenrich had opened a bank account from 11 February 2000. It also emerged
during the hearing that Aloh had an operating account from January 2000.

10 The defendant’s claim that the Cheque was given only as security for moneys
“due and payable when the instrument was given” was another feebly conceived
afterthought. The first transaction on which any moneys were due occurred only
around 10 March 2000. The defendant ultimately acknowledged in cross-
examination that the Cheque was “payment for anything which I [_sic_] owe to”
the plaintiff.

11 The defendant also alleged that he later informed LCC sometime in the
middle of 2000 not to present the Cheque as he “would not be using [his
personal] account … any more”. This assertion appears odd, to say the least.
Firstly, his personal account continued to be in operation until at least July
2003. Secondly, even if he had informed LCC of this, he could not have
unilaterally changed the basis on which the Cheque had been given and the
understanding that the parties had, as long as the plaintiff continued to
transact business with Kenrich. Thirdly, the defendant could not
satisfactorily reconcile this version of events, which only emerged during the
actual trial proceedings, with his earlier statement that the Cheque was only
a temporary arrangement. When pressed to explain the various discrepancies in
the various affidavits he had affirmed, he was at a complete loss for words
and was incapable of giving a coherent response. All he managed was: “I don’t
know how to explain. I leave it to your Honour to decide, I don’t know how to
explain.” The defendant found himself hoist by his own petard.

12 It appears to me that as evidence as to the true state of his personal as
well as his companies’ accounts slowly but surely crystallised, he attempted
to clumsily tiptoe around inconvenient facts by throwing up alternative
explanations in the desperate hope that at least one of his explanations would
be accepted. I categorically reject each and every one of these variegated
explanations as futile. I prefer instead the evidence of LCC who rendered his
version of events in an entirely straightforward manner, remaining resolutely
firm and convincing even in cross-examination.

13 The defendant’s final abortive attempt in explaining his conduct came as a
tepid attempt in contending that the CTS allegedly “modified” his agreement
with the plaintiff. He states that he had assumed soon after the CTS was
introduced that the plaintiff would no longer rely on the Cheque. This
explanation again flies in the face of his original explanation that the
Cheque was a “temporary arrangement”. If the arrangement was of a temporary
nature, it is strange that he should continue to give this matter any further
consideration or thought whatsoever.

14 The defendant further alleges in his supplementary affidavit that there was
an agreement that the plaintiff would inform him of the amount stated in the
Cheque before it was presented. If indeed there was such an agreement, I have
no doubt that the defendant would have raised this at the outset; not at the
eleventh hour through his supplementary affidavit. Such a term would have been
a vital point in any alleged agreement the parties had – a condition
precedent. Instead, it was only pleaded after the trial had commenced. It also
appears to me that if the Cheque was indeed meant to cover solely interest, as
the Defence originally contended, there could be no mistake as to the
defendant’s maximum liability for each transaction. There was no need for any
prior notification. I conclude that the parties never had any discussions on
this issue.

15 I accept that the Cheque was given to the plaintiff in order to induce it
to continue business with Kenrich, and as a testament of the defendant’s good
faith and financial commitment to their then blossoming, if not thriving,
business relationship.

16 The Defence’s contention pertaining to the CTS is yet another red herring.
The CTS was introduced to facilitate and to automate the clearance of cheques
in Singapore. It was not intended to affect the legal nature of cheques in
Singapore. Indeed the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 1999 Rev Ed) (“BEA”) was
amended in 2002 to acknowledge and legitimise the reliance by banks on
automated clearances by electronic means: see ss 89 and 90 of the BEA. The CTS
dispenses with the need for physical presentation of cheques which comply with
the prescribed CTS format. The physical cheque remains at the original bank of
deposit and is thereafter presented and cleared by using electronically
captured cheque data and images. Multiple steps of paper presentation and
processing have thus been eliminated. The CTS is an arrangement reached
between banks and the clearing house for the expedient electronic presentation
and clearance of cheques. It does not preclude customers and banks from
effecting a physical presentation of a cheque if they so desire.

17 The crux of the matter is that an instrument that is intended to be a
negotiable instrument did not and does not lose the attributes of
negotiability and its legal efficacy by a side wind through the introduction
of the CTS. The CTS was not intended to modify contractual obligations or
liabilities on instruments and agreements arrived at prior to, as well as
after, its implementation. I am of the view that the plaintiff was under no
obligation to request a replacement cheque from the defendant. The Cheque
continued to be a valid negotiable instrument when the plaintiff completed it
and deposited it with its bank. The real issues are, whether there was a
proper presentment of the Cheque and whether presentment had been dispensed
with.

**Presentment**

18 The plaintiff’s claim on the Cheque is an independent cause of action based
on its status as a bearer instrument. Notwithstanding the absence of any
particulars, it remained a valid bill of exchange for the purposes of the BEA
since it was clearly the intention of the defendant that the Cheque be
utilised as a negotiable instrument in the event of a payment default by
Kenrich.

19 The plaintiff pleads that the Cheque was duly presented despite the
plaintiff’s bank having returned the Cheque to it without physical presentment
to the defendant’s bank. This plea is incorrect. It is plain that the
plaintiff did not effect a proper presentment of the Cheque on the defendant
or his bank _qua_ agent.

20 This is however a moot point. The plaintiff has in the alternative pleaded
that the defendant had insufficient funds in his account at all material times
and in the circumstances, the necessity for physically presenting the Cheque
had been dispensed with. It bears mention that the defendant conceded during
cross-examination that he never had sufficient funds in his account to settle
the invoiced amounts due to the plaintiff from time to time. Indeed he
acknowledged that he had, during the entirety of the material period, less
than $1,000 in his account. It is therefore pertinent, at this juncture, to
pause and consider the sustainability of the defence of non-presentment in an
instance where the drawer has insufficient funds in his account and the holder
does not reasonably believe that the instrument will be paid if presented.

21 _Prima facie_ all bills of exchange, inclusive of cheques, must be
presented for payment in order to engage the payment undertaking of a drawer
or indorser: s 45(1) BEA. If not so presented the drawer and indorser will be
discharged: s 45(2) BEA. Generally speaking, presentment ought to be effected
even if it might be ineffective:

_English law has never, in general, favoured the view that presentment is
dispensed with because it would in the circumstances be futile, i.e. because
it is known that the bill will not in fact be paid_. Thus, at common law, it
was held that due presentment was not dispensed with in cases where, to the
knowledge of the holder, the drawer ordered the acceptor not to pay the bill
or the acceptor became bankrupt or absconded before the due date, or where the
acceptor stated that he could not or would not pay the bill at maturity. [The
English equivalent of s 46(4) of the BEA] preserves this rule by providing
that the fact that the holder has reason to believe that the bill will, on
presentment, be dishonoured, does not dispense with the necessity for
presentment. [emphasis added]

This passage from _Chalmers and Guest on Bills of Exchange, Cheques and
Promissory Notes_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 1998) at para 1172 accurately
summarises the legal position in Singapore as well.

22 The BEA, however, accepts that presentment need not be invariably made and
s 46 expressly enumerates the instances when presentment is excused:

(3) Presentment for payment is dispensed with —

(a) where, after the exercise of reasonable diligence, presentment, as
required by this Act, cannot be effected;

(b) where the drawee is a fictitious person;

(c) _as regards the drawer, where the drawee or acceptor is not bound, as
between himself and the drawer, to accept or pay the bill, and the drawer has
no reason to believe that the bill would be paid if presented_ ;

(d) as regards an indorser, where the bill was accepted or made for the
accommodation of that indorser, and he has no reason to expect that the bill
would be paid if presented;

(e) by waiver of presentment, express or implied.

(4) The fact that the holder has reason to believe that the bill will, on
presentment, be dishonoured, does not dispense with the necessity for
presentment.

[emphasis added]

23 Furthermore, s 46(3)(c) of the BEA specifically recognises that apropos the
drawer, presentation may be dispensed with in certain situations (see
_Chalmers and Guest_ ([21] _supra_) at paras 1174 to 1176):

_The prime example of the application of [s 46(3)(c) of the BEA] is where
there are no funds in the account of the drawer of a cheque with the drawee
bank and no arrangements made for an overdraft (with the result that the bank
is not bound, as between itself and the drawer, to pay the cheque) and the
drawer knows that the cheque will be dishonoured by non-payment_. It also
presumably applies where the drawer of a cheque countermands payment.

_In contrast with the dispensation from giving notice of dishonour provided
for in [the English equivalent of s 50(3)(c)(iv) of the BEA], the drawer must
have no reason to believe that the bill would be paid if presented. The words
“no reason” mean “no tenable reason”_. The relevant time would appear to be,
in the case of a bill payable on or after a fixed date, the due date for
payment, and, _in the case of a cheque or bill payable on demand, when the
drawer would reasonably expect the instrument to be presented for payment._

_It is to be noted that presentment for payment is only dispensed with under
paragraph (c) in respect of the drawer_. Presentment is still necessary for
the liability of indorsers. It is also to be noted that the fact that the
_holder_ has reason to believe that the instrument will, on presentment, be
dishonoured does not in itself dispense with presentment for payment.

[emphasis added]

24 In _Wirth v Austin_ (1875) LR 10 CP 689 at 691, Grove J explained the
nature of the undertaking in a negotiable instrument in relation to the duty
to present the instrument thus:

The drawer undertakes to meet the cheque … well knowing that he has no effects
there, and that it will not be paid. As against him, therefore, there was no
necessity for proving a presentment there.

25 Similarly, in _Commercial Union Trade Finance v Republic Bottlers of SA
(Pty) Ltd_ 1992 (4) SA 728 at 734, it was observed:

[T]he defence of non-presentment may or may not have been available to the
defendant. The defendant could not rely on non-presentation _simpliciter_. He
had to go further and show that the instrument would have been met if it had
been presented.

26 It can be confidently stated that the burden is on the defendant to satisfy
the court that a presentment of the Cheque would not only have been
appropriate but meaningful in the existing factual matrix. On the evidence it
is crystal clear that this arid defence has no substance and cannot be
sustained. On the basis of the agreement the parties had reached, the
defendant would have expected the plaintiff to present the Cheque when Kenrich
defaulted on its payment obligations. The plaintiff had waited for a
reasonable period before attempting to enforce the defendant’s payment
obligation on the Cheque. I am satisfied, given the history of their
relationship and the defendant’s “ownership” of Kenrich, that it was
reasonable for the plaintiff to conclude that the Cheque would not be paid on
presentment and that it would be pointless to effect a direct presentment of
the Cheque on the defendant. As it turns out, the facts have subsequently
vindicated the plaintiff’s course of action. The defendant had not made, and
could not make, any arrangements with his bank to effect payment on the
Cheque.

**Miscellaneous defences**

27 The Defence also asserts that even if the plaintiff had authority to
complete the Cheque, it was not completed within a reasonable time and
therefore unenforceable. Again, I see no substance in the point made. The
issue of the plaintiff’s authority to complete the Cheque is clear beyond
peradventure: see s 20(1) of the BEA. It is trite law that the extent of the
authority to complete a negotiable instrument is to be decided by reference to
the factual matrix. I have determined that the plaintiff’s version of events
pertaining to the handing over of the Cheque is entirely credible. There can
therefore be no real issue as to the date when the particulars of the Cheque
were filled in. The final part-payment by Kenrich in the sum of $3,500 was
only made to the plaintiff on 28 June 2003. The Cheque was completed soon
thereafter and deposited with the plaintiff’s bank on 30 June 2003. I do not
understand why Mr Goon, who appears for the defendant, is quibbling about this
point. He was unable to suggest what other period could, on the existing
factual matrix, be considered as “reasonable time”.

28 Mr Goon further complains that notice of dishonour was not effectively
given to the defendant. Although there was no effective presentment of the
Cheque, the plaintiff did send a letter to the defendant that purported to be
a “notice of dishonour” on 3 October 2003. While there appears to be a delay
of a few months between the purported presentment and the alleged notice of
dishonour, I am of the view that the Defence is once again barking up the
wrong tree. If the defendant did not have sufficient funds or an arrangement
with his bank apropos his personal account to pay the amounts due, I do not
see why he should be cavilling about not receiving a notice of dishonour.
Indeed, s 50(3)(c)(iv) of the BEA makes this position as plain as a pikestaff
by stipulating:

Notice of dishonour is dispensed with as regards the drawer in the following
cases:

…

(iv) where the drawee or acceptor is as between himself and the drawer under
no obligation to accept or pay the bill;

…

29 _Chalmers and Guest_ ([21] _supra_) at para 1296 makes the following
comments in relation to this provision:

The most obvious situation is in the case of a cheque where the banker on whom
the cheque is drawn is, as between himself and his customer (the drawer),
under no obligation to pay the cheque because there are insufficient funds in
the drawer’s account and no arrangements have been made for an overdraft.
_Notice to the_ _drawer of the dishonour by non-payment is not then required
to render the drawer liable on the cheque_. It is to be noted that, unlike the
similar provision dispensing with presentment for payment contained in [s
46(3)(c) of the BEA], the present provision does not contain the additional
words “and the drawer has no reason to believe that the bill would be paid if
presented”.

30 The account, relevant details of which were produced in court, functioned
apparently only until 31 July 2003. There is no evidence that such an account
continued to be in operation thereafter. The defendant himself purportedly
could not remember whether or not it did. Indeed, if the defendant is to be
believed, he had already informed LCC sometime in the middle of 2000 that the
account was no longer to be used. By taking issue with the absence of a timely
notice of dishonour, Mr Goon is yet again tilting at windmills. The issuing of
a notice of dishonour is aimed at affording a drawer an opportunity to make
good his obligations as well as at preserving his rights _vis-à-vis_ any other
parties to the instrument before legal proceedings are commenced. There is no
basis, legal or otherwise, for Mr Goon’s contention on this issue, as the
defendant has not been prejudiced or inconvenienced in any manner whatsoever
by the failure to serve a timeous notice of dishonour.

31 Finally, it is contended that the legal obligation, if any, to pay on the
Cheque is vitiated by reason of the fact that the underlying transaction is
tainted by moneylending. As I have already rejected this contention in my
judgment in the Kenrich proceedings, reprising the facts and issues here would
be an exercise in futility.

**Conclusion**

32 In the circumstances, the plaintiff is entitled to judgment in the sum of
$576,621.54 with interest accruing at the rate of 6% per annum from 8 March
2004, when these proceedings were commenced. The plaintiff is also entitled to
have the taxed costs of these proceedings.

Judgment for the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

