Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2005] SGCA 52

Case Number | : | CA 21/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leon Kwong Wing and Chee Fang Theng (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and David Lim (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  JD Ltd — Comptroller of Income Tax   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court of appeal – Proceedings before Income Tax
Board of Review and High Court on income taxation matter held in camera –
Whether legal basis existing for similar proceedings in Court of Appeal to be
held in camera  
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Taxpayer incurring interest
expenses in financing purchase of share investments – Only certain share
investments producing dividend income – Taxpayer seeking to deduct all
interest expenses against dividend income received – Comptroller of Income Tax
refusing deduction of interest expenses attributable to non-income-producing
share investments – Whether whole of interest expenses deductible against
total dividend income where some shareholdings not income-producing – Sections
10(1)(d), 10E, 14(1) Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Revenue statutes – Whether appropriate to rely on
foreign tax legislation and foreign decisions interpreting such legislation as
aids to interpretation of local tax legislation  
  

2 December 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal by the taxpayer company against the judgment of the High
Court in [2005] SGHC 92 dismissing its appeal against the decision of the
Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”) in [2004] SGDC 245. The Board had
affirmed an assessment of the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the Comptroller”),
who had disallowed the deduction of interest expenses incurred in relation to
non-income-producing share investments. We agree with the decision of the
judge below and accordingly dismiss the appeal. We now set out our reasons.

**Background**

2 The appeal, as was the case before the Board and the court below, is based
on an Agreed Statement of Facts. The facts have been duly amended pursuant to
s 83(3) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) so as not to
disclose the identity of the taxpayer.

3 The taxpayer is an investment holding company listed on the Singapore Stock
Exchange. It focuses on making long-term share investments. During the years
of assessment 1985 to 1996 (“the years of assessment in dispute”), the
taxpayer received, as its only income, dividends from long-term share
investments held in various subsidiary and associated companies.

4 The taxpayer financed the purchase of the share investments by either (a)
obtaining overdrafts and loans from banks and related companies at varying
interest rates, or (b) issuing its own shares or obtaining interest-free loans
from related companies. These funds were mixed and banked into the same
account. The funds were utilised not only for the acquisition of the
taxpayer’s share investments but also for its re-financing of earlier loans
and the making of advances to related companies.

5 Some of the companies in which the taxpayer had shareholdings did not
declare dividends for the entire duration of the years of assessment in
dispute. Various other companies also did not declare dividend income for
certain of those years of assessment in dispute. The taxpayer was assessed on
the basis that only interest expenses attributable to shareholdings which
produced income were deductible. Interest expenses attributable to non-income-
producing shareholdings were not allowed for deduction.

6 The taxpayer, objecting to the Comptroller’s method of assessment, appealed
to the Board on two main issues. This court, however, as was the court below,
is only concerned with the issue relating to the disallowance of interest
expenses, that is: If interest expenses are incurred to maintain a portfolio
of share investments in which some share investment counters do not yield
dividend income, is the entire sum of interest expenses deductible, or are
only those interest expenses attributable to the income-producing share
investment counters deductible?

7 Both the taxpayer and the Comptroller agreed to the application of the Total
Assets Formula (“the Formula”) in determining the amount of interest expenses
applicable. Where they differed, however, was in the application of the
Formula to the facts. This is indicated in the following table:

**_Total Assets Formula_**

_A_ x I  
C |  A (Taxpayer’s basis) |  Cost of all share investments financed by interest-bearing funds for each year of assessment in dispute.  
---|---|---  
A (Comptroller’s basis ) |  Cost of all income-producing share investments financed by interest-bearing funds for each year of assessment in dispute.  
C |  Total cost of assets as at balance sheet date which were financed by interest-bearing funds for each year of assessment in dispute.  
I |  Total interest expenses incurred by taxpayer for each year of assessment in dispute.  
  
8 The taxpayer was of the view that the interest expenses incurred in the
obtaining and servicing of loans to acquire its whole basket of share
investments was the cost of earning the dividend income received. It contended
that all the share investment counters formed a single source of income so
that the dividend income received should be assessed as a whole. The taxpayer
consequently sought to deduct all interest expenses incurred in respect of the
borrowings against the entire sum of dividend income earned from its
investments portfolio.

9 The Comptroller, on the other hand, regarded each share investment counter
as a separate source of income and allowed deductions of interest expenses
only for those shareholdings which produced dividend income at any time during
the years of assessment in dispute. The Comptroller thus aggregated the
interest expenses incurred only in respect of the income-producing share
investment counters to determine the total amount of deductible expenses for
the particular year of assessment. This figure was then used in determining
the chargeable income for that year of assessment.

10 Due to the difference in approach, the taxpayer’s aggregate chargeable
income for the years of assessment in dispute as computed by the Comptroller
was $83,484,337 whereas the figure as computed by the taxpayer was
$74,694,762. The amount of tax in dispute was $2,497,841.74.

11 The difference in positions taken by the taxpayer and the Comptroller stems
from their disagreement as to the interpretation of the meaning of “source”
(of dividend income) and of the deductibility provision under the Singapore
scheme of taxation. The relevant provisions for present purposes are ss
10(1)(_d_), 14(1) and 14(1)(_a_) of the Act. Unless otherwise stated, we have
used the 2004 revised edition of the Income Tax Act for ease of reference, as
the text of the sections under review is the same as that of the previous
editions in use during the years of assessment in dispute. The sections are
set out below:

**Charge of income tax**

**10.** —(1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be
payable at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment
upon the income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or
received in Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of —

…

(_d_) _dividends_ , interest or discounts;

…

**Deductions allowed**

**14.** —(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any _source_ chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in
this Part as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses
wholly and exclusively incurred during that period by that person _in the
production of the income_ , including —

(_a_) except as provided in this section, any sum payable by way of interest
upon any money borrowed by that person where the Comptroller is satisfied that
the interest was payable on capital employed _in acquiring the income_ ;

…

[emphasis added]

12 The Board interpreted “source” in s 14(1) according to its natural or
ordinary meaning of “channel or stream of income”. Therefore, the Board
regarded dividends from each of the different share investment counters as
constituting a separate and distinct source of income for the purposes of
deduction. This was consistent with the principle that s 14(1)(_a_) required a
direct nexus between the expenses incurred and the income produced. The Board,
having also found the Formula to be legally tenable and to have been
reasonably applied on the facts, upheld the Comptroller’s position to disallow
the deduction of interest expenses attributable to non-income-producing share
investment counters. The judge below affirmed the Board’s reasoning and
decision.

13 In the present appeal, counsel for the taxpayer and the Comptroller made
various submissions on whether ss 10(1)(_d_), 14(1) and 14(1)(_a_) entitled
the Comptroller to treat the share investment counters as individual sources
of income for the purposes of deduction. In addition, the taxpayer contended
that the subsequent inclusion of s 10E in the Act, which expressly permits the
Comptroller to differentiate between income-producing and non-income-producing
share investment counters for the purposes of deduction of expenses incurred,
must have meant that before its inclusion, such differentiation was not
allowed under the Act. The taxpayer also argued that the situations where
expenses were not deductible were confined only to cases where the expenses
were incurred in the gaining of tax-exempt income or where the investment
itself had been extinguished.

**The issues**

14 The issues we are concerned with in this appeal are therefore:

(a) whether ss 10(1)(_d_), 14(1) and 14(1)(_a_) of the Act entitle the
Comptroller to treat the share investment counters as individual sources of
income for deduction purposes. In particular:

(i) what is the meaning of “source” in s 14(1)?

(ii)  what is the correct statutory interpretation of “in the production of
the income” in s 14(1)?

(iii)  whether the Comptroller exercised his administrative discretion
properly;

(b) whether s 10E of the Act is intended to be a declaration of the law as it
has been or a change in the law; and

(c)  whether the situations where expenses are not deductible are confined
only to those where expenses are incurred in the obtaining of tax-exempt
income or where the investment itself has been extinguished.

**_Whether the Comptroller is entitled by the Act to treat the share
investment counters as individual sources of income for deduction purposes_**

_What is the meaning of “source” in s 14(1)?_

15  The judge below, noting that there is no technical definition of “source”
in the Act, upheld the Board’s interpretation of the word “source” in its
natural or ordinary meaning.

16 In unravelling the meaning of the word “source”, we bore in mind a previous
statement by this court in _Comptroller of Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd_
[1994] 2 SLR 690 at 697, [23], that “[i]n any question of statutory
interpretation, the first and most important factor is the literal meaning of
the words of the provision”. “Source” has been defined by the _Oxford Modern
English Dictionary_ (Oxford University Press, 1992), which was referred to by
the Board at [13] of its decision, as “a spring [or] fountain from which a
stream arises” or “a place or thing from which something originates”.__ The
Board thus probably likened each share investment counter to being such a
spring from which dividend income arises, with each shareholding forming a
separate and distinct source of income.

17 Of course, any discussion of the meaning of “source” of income would be
incomplete without an examination of the charging section, s 10 of the Act,
since “source” in s 14(1) is followed by the phrase “chargeable with tax under
this Act”. Section 10 lists the various heads of income chargeable with tax,
one of which is dividend income. From a literal reading of s 10, however,
there seems to be no unequivocal indication of whether “dividend income” could
refer to many sources of income arising from different shareholdings, or
whether it could only refer collectively to a single source of income arising
from the various shareholdings.

18 We note that in the area of statutory interpretation, we are also guided by
s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), which requires the
interpretation of written law such as will promote the purpose or object
underlying the law. Section 9A therefore allows the courts, in appropriate
cases, to have recourse to additional materials outside the four corners of a
statute, including subsidiary legislation, to ascertain the meaning of a
statutory provision: _Raffles City Pte Ltd v AG_ [1993] 3 SLR 580 at 587, [19]
_per_ L P Thean J (as he then was). Reference can be made to extrinsic
materials such as parliamentary reports to ascertain the legislative intent
behind a certain enactment that is ambiguous or obscure or the literal meaning
of which would lead to an absurdity. Such a purposive approach to statutory
interpretation can be resorted to even where the provision in question is not
ambiguous or inconsistent: _The Seaway_ [2005] 1 SLR 435 following
_Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 2 SLR 201, _L & W Holdings Pte
Ltd v MCST Plan No 1601_ [1997] 3 SLR 905 and _Planmarine AG v Maritime and
Port Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 2 SLR 1.

19  It was perhaps in this light that counsel for the taxpayer referred us to
the legislative background of the enactment of our Income Tax Act. The
charging section (s 10) and the deductibility provision (s 14) were some of
the core tax provisions which were included when income tax legislation was
first enacted as law in Singapore. Counsel for the taxpayer first brought our
attention to the Appendix to the _Annual Report on the Federation of Malaya
1948_ (H T Ross, 1949), at p 179, where it was stated that “[o]wing to the
close economic relations existing between the Federation and the Colony of
Singapore it was considered essential that the [income] tax should be operated
on a pan-Malayan basis”. He then referred us to two draft Bills, the
Federation of Malaya Income Tax Bill of 1947 (No 7510) and the Singapore
Income Tax Bill of 1947 (GN No S 361/1947), both of which declared that cl 10,
the precursor to s 10(1), “specifies the various sources, income from which is
liable to tax” and that “[t]he sources of income specified in Clause 10 are
exhaustive”. To the taxpayer, this was authority that dividend income, even if
arising from a variety of share investment counters, collectively forms a
single source of income under s 10(1)(_d_) of the Act, against which interest
expenses are deductible regardless of whether the share counters are income-
producing.

20 It is true that our tax legislation shares a common historical background
with its Malaysian counterpart. After the passing of the Bills in 1947, the
Income Tax Ordinance 1947 (Federation of Malaya) (Ord No 48 of 1947) and the
Income Tax Ordinance (Singapore) (Ord No 39 of 1947) came into effect on 1
January 1948. For many years, the legislation in both countries was identical
and income tax operated on a pan-Malayan basis. When Singapore merged with the
Federation of Malaya to form the newly-established Federation of Malaysia in
1963, income tax continued to be levied and administered in Singapore as part
of the Malaysian income tax laws. However, this stopped in 1965 when Singapore
separated from the Federation to become a fully independent sovereign state.
Income tax then became administered under the Income Tax Act (Cap 141, 1970
Rev Ed) as the law of Singapore as a republic. As befits the independent
status of each country, although Singapore and Malaysia have maintained the
basic structure of their respective 1947 Ordinances, both countries have since
diverged in many aspects from the common origin of their tax legislation.

21 In the light of the fact that the two countries have over the years
developed their own schemes and laws of taxation separately to fit the unique
needs of their own economies, our shared history with the Malaysian tax
legislation now bears less relevance. It would not at all be surprising,
therefore, if courts in the two jurisdictions take different approaches in the
interpretation of provisions in the tax legislation, even if these provisions
had originated from the same mould. Consequently, we find that reference to
the Income Tax Bills of 1947 for Malaysia and Singapore is an exercise of
limited relevance and utility in the present appeal.

22 In any event, we are of the opinion that the statements that cl 10
“specifies the various sources, income from which is liable to tax” and that
“[t]he sources of income specified in Clause 10 are exhaustive” are not
reflective of whether these sources themselves may or may not be subdivided.
On the contrary, we think that when s 10(1) is read in conjunction with s
14(1), the latter provision supports the proposition that the s 10(1) sources
may be subdivided for assessment purposes when taking into account the
deducibility of expenses. This will be elaborated upon later.

23 It is appropriate though to address, at this point, the taxpayer’s argument
that this court had in fact agreed with its interpretation of “source” in
light of its earlier statement in _Andermatt Investments Pte Ltd v Comptroller
of Income Tax_ [1995] 3 SLR 451 (“ _Andermatt_ ”) at 457, [16] that “[s]ection
10(1) sets out the various sources of income which are subject to tax”. Such
an argument is wholly unmeritorious. In our view, reliance on judicial
expressions without regard to the unique factual matrix of the case is
potentially misleading. In _Andermatt_ , the dividends had arisen from only
one homogenous block of shares of one company alone. There could therefore
only have been one source of dividend income on the facts of that case. No
discussion of whether various shareholdings could form separate and distinct
sources of dividend income could have presented itself. The statement by this
court should not be understood to mean that dividend income, no matter how it
is derived, invariably forms a single source of income.

24 We also agree with the view of the judge below that the heads of income
enumerated under s 10(1) of the Act are simply descriptions of the types of
income that s 10(1) enacts as being chargeable to tax, one of which is
dividend income. The key is to look at the taxpayer’s activities and/or
property as the originating cause of income or the means by which the
different types of gains or rewards enumerated and classified as “income” are
derived.

25 Further, as noted by the Board, there are provisions in the Act which
indicate that the heads of chargeable income listed under s 10(1) can comprise
two or more sources of income. Section 35A(1), for instance, suggests that
there may be more than two sources of income from employment. The provision
states that:

This section shall only apply to any trade, business, profession, vocation or
employment (except subsidiary employment which had not been treated as a new
source on commencement) which commenced before 1st January 1969.

Section 35A(1) presupposes that a taxpayer may have a subsidiary employment
which can be treated as a separate source of income from his principal
employment. The head of “employment” income under s 10(1) can therefore
encompass more than one source of income. Similarly, when this reasoning is
applied for our purposes, “dividends” may thus comprise separate sources of
income, instead of a single source of income.

26 In our view, therefore, for the foregoing reasons, the judge was correct to
hold that the source of the dividend income must necessarily stem or originate
from the particular share counter that yielded the revenue. We wholly agree
with and adopt the pronouncement of the High Court of Allahabad in _Seth Shiv
Prasad v Commissioner of Income-Tax, UP_ [1972] 84 ITR 15 (“ _Seth Shiv
Prasad_ ”) where Pathak J said at 18:

[W]e find that income from dividends has been treated as one kind of income.
What is the source of dividend income? It is the shareholding held by the
assessee; and there can be as many sources of income as there are
shareholdings. Shareholding[s] in different companies constitute different
sources of income. The shares of one company may be treated by the assessee as
a single shareholding. The assessee may also, for good reason, treat the
shares of the same company as constituting a number of separate and distinct
shareholdings. The shares may be divided into groups defined by reference to
the circumstances in which they were acquired, or to the purpose for which
they were purchased, that is, some as an investment holding and others as a
share-dealer’s stock-in-trade, or to the category or class to which they
belong, for example, whether they are preference or equity. There may be other
criteria reasonably defining them into separate and distinct shareholdings,
and, therefore, as distinct and separate sources of income. [emphasis added]

27  We shall now turn to explain why, in our view, the taxpayer’s
interpretation of “source” does not comport with the deduction rules in s
14(1).

_What is the correct statutory interpretation of “in the production of the
income” in s 14(1) of the Act?_

28 The issue that concerns us here is whether income must have been produced
before its related expenses are allowed for deduction. Counsel for the
taxpayer argued that “no revenue authority in the world shares the
Comptroller’s opinion that capital has not been employed to acquire dividends
unless the dividends are actually received in the course of the year under
tax” because “capital is, for a fact, employed prospectively, that is, in the
hope and expectation of income”. Counsel for the taxpayer therefore argued
that interest expenses should be deducted regardless of the economic
performance of the shares, since investment returns are never guaranteed owing
to market fluctuations and the economy. In essence, the proposition advanced
is that so long as capital is employed in the inherent expectation of income,
there is no requirement that income must actually be produced in order for
there to be deduction of expenses.

29  In determining whether the taxpayer’s argument is valid, it is necessary
to turn to the wording of the general deduction formula in s 14(1). Section
14(1) provides that “there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period by that person _in the production
of the income_ ” [emphasis added]. In our opinion, regard must be had as to
whether the phrase “in the production of the income” means that income must be
produced before expenses are allowed for deduction. There is apparently a
paucity of local case law on the interpretation of this phrase. Counsel for
the taxpayer consequently introduced many authorities spanning the various
jurisdictions in the Commonwealth in an attempt to substantiate his point.

The persuasiveness of foreign authorities

30 Before examining these positions, however, a word must be said about the
reliance on foreign authorities.

31 It is understandable for tax practitioners to exhibit a proclivity towards
relying on texts and case law from the Commonwealth jurisdictions such as
Malaysia, Hong Kong, India, Australia and New Zealand. This is because our
Income Tax Act is based on the Model Colonial Territories Income Tax Ordinance
1922 devised for British colonies. There is also a tendency to refer to
English tax cases, owing to our British colonial heritage and the passing of
the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed) which expressly makes
English common law part of the law of Singapore so far as it is applicable to
the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants and subject to such
modifications as those circumstances may require.

32  However, we find it important to remind practitioners that as tax law is
essentially a creature of statute, decisions from foreign jurisdictions should
be treated with the appropriate degree of caution, especially where the
wording of the foreign tax legislation is not identical with or not _in pari
materia_ with the local equivalent. In this respect, the pronouncement of the
Privy Council in _Liquidator, Rhodesia Metals, Limited v Commissioner of
Taxes_ [1940] AC 774 is apposite. There, Lord Atkin said at 788:

Their Lordships have no criticisms to make of any of those decisions, but they
desire to point out that decisions on the words of one statute are seldom of
value in deciding on different words in another statute, and that different
business operations may give rise to different taxing results.

It is desirable, therefore, in interpreting tax legislation, to rely on
foreign authorities only if the corresponding tax statutes are identical or
very similar to local legislation, and if the schemes of deduction and
taxation systems are alike.

33 Our courts have consistently exhibited awareness of the need for such
caution when referring to foreign tax cases. For instance, Lim Teong Qwee JC
had, in the High Court in _Andermatt Investments Pte Ltd v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [1995] 1 SLR 66, after referring to a Jamaican case which dealt
with s 8(1) of the Income Tax Law 1954 (Jamaica), said at 74, [25]:

I think this case lends some support for the conclusion I have reached.
However, it is not entirely desirable to do so as the question of
deductibility in the case before me has to be considered by reference to the
provisions of the Act which are not exactly in pari materia.

Another illustration of how our courts are careful in comparing tax provisions
across jurisdictions is seen in _T Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2005] 4
SLR 285, where Andrew Ang J said at [55] to [57]:

55 So much then as to how the UK provision was construed in the _European
Investment Trust_ case [(1932) 18 TC 1]. Should the Singapore provision be
interpreted likewise? Although counsel for the appellant argued cogently why
it ought not be likewise construed, he may have been a little generous in
conceding that the language of the Singapore provision is close to its UK
counterpart. As noted, the UK provision prescribes that:

[N]o sum shall be deducted in respect of … any sum employed or intended to be
employed as capital …

In other words, “no sum … in respect of any sum employed as capital …” is to
be deducted.

56 As framed, it is possible to construe the “sum” first referred to as
separate and distinct from the second. On this basis, it did no violence to
the language of the UK provision for the _European Investment Trust_ case
([54] _supra_) to construe the first sum as being referable to interest while
the second referred to the principal amount on which the interest accrued.

57 The Singapore provision is differently worded. It states:

[N]o deduction shall be allowed in respect of … any sum employed or intended
to be employed as capital.

The provision makes no mention of any sum other than the sum employed or
intended to be employed as capital. Whereas the words “in respect of” in the
UK provision could be read to mean “in connection with” without doing violence
to the statutory provision, the same words “in connection with” could not, in
my view, comfortably substitute for “in respect of” in the Singapore
provision. It would immediately invite the question “Deduction of what?” To my
mind, the words “in respect of” in the Singapore provision is the equivalent
of “for” or “on account of”. Thus, what is prohibited is the deduction of the
sum employed or intended to be employed as capital.

34 With these considerations in mind, we shall now turn to the authorities
raised by counsel of the taxpayer to support its reading of s 14(1). It will
be evident, from a comparison of the relevant deduction formulae across the
jurisdictions raised, that none of them are identical to our s 14(1). The
schemes of taxation in those jurisdictions are also dissimilar. As a result,
these authorities should have correspondingly little bearing on our
interpretation of our own deduction formula. Indeed, our courts should not
blindly follow the interpretation adopted by other jurisdictions. As
mentioned, each jurisdiction has different tax legislation and different tax
and economic policies. The tax treatment cannot all be uniform.

35 Counsel for the taxpayer relied heavily on two Malaysian authorities which
were very similar on the facts to the present appeal. In _P Securities Sdn Bhd
v Ketua Pengarah Jabatan Hasil dalam Negeri_ (1995) 2 MSTC 2,256, (“ _P
Securities_ ”) the taxpayer was an investment holding company which principal
activity was investing in shares and which also financed the acquisition of
the shares by interest-bearing loans. The Director-General of Inland Revenue
took the view that each share investment was a separate source of income to
the company, and apportioned the taxpayer’s interest costs so as to
differentiate between shares which had paid dividends for that year of
assessment and shares which had not paid dividends for that year of
assessment. The Director-General therefore disallowed the deduction of those
interest expenses attributable to the non-income-producing basket of shares.
The company appealed on the basis that its only source of income was dividend
income, and applied to deduct the whole amount of interest expenses against
its dividend income as a whole, irrespective of whether the shares did or did
not pay dividends in any particular year.

36 The Malaysian Special Commissioners of Income Tax found for the taxpayer on
the basis that the dividend performance of each share counter was irrelevant
because under the terms of the charging section, tax was payable on the
“income in respect of dividends” as a whole. The Special Commissioners were of
the view that it was wrong for the Director-General to further subdivide each
source by treating each share investment counter as a separate source because
to do so was to disintegrate the grouping further than that authorised by the
Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (Act 53). This was upheld by the High Court of
Kuala Lumpur, which did not issue grounds. The Director-General did not appeal
against the decision of the High Court.

37 The next case is _Ketua Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri v Multi-Purpose
Holdings Bhd_ [2002] 1 MLJ 22 (“ _Multi-Purpose Holdings_ ”), where the
taxpayer was a public-listed investment-holding company. Again, the revenue
authorities treated each share investment as a separate source of income to be
assessed. This was overturned by the Special Commissioners of Income Tax and
the High Court of Kuala Lumpur on the basis that there was no authority to
“split this classification [of “dividends” in the Act] up in a manner that
increase[d] the taxpayer’s liability to tax” (at 31).

38 Although the facts of _P_  _Securities_ and _Multi-Purpose Holdings_ are
similar to those of the present appeal, one ought to be scrupulous in deciding
whether to place such heavy reliance on them because the Malaysian tax
legislation on which they are based is now worded differently from the local
equivalent. Indeed, the deduction formula in s 33(1) of the Malaysian Income
Tax Act 1967 expressly applies to “outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred during that period by that person _in the production of
gross income_ from that source” [emphasis added]. There is not the same “
_the_ ” appearing before “gross income”. Therefore, there is no specific
reference to income that must be produced against which the related interest
expense is deductible. This is a reflection of the fact that whilst the
Malaysian tax system might once have been the same as ours, this is “no longer
the case as our taxation statute had undergone substantial amendments”: see
[34] of the High Court judgment below ([1] _supra_).

39  Counsel for the taxpayer also relied on the fact that the Indian courts in
_Ormerods (India) Private Ltd v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Bombay City_
[1959] 36 ITR 329, _K Appa Rao v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Madras_ [1962] 46
ITR 511, _P V Mohamed Ghouse v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Madras_ [1963] 49
ITR 127 and _M N Ramaswamy Iyer v Commissioner of Income-Tax, Kerala_ [1969]
71 ITR 218 held that it was a well-accepted rule of income tax law that a
deduction could not be disallowed by the mere happenstance that there was no
income at the same time. However, one ought to note that s 12(2) of the Indian
Income-Tax Act 1922 (the relevant provision in those cases) provides that
“[s]uch income, profits and gains shall be computed after making allowance for
any expenditure (not being in the nature of capital expenditure) incurred
solely for the purpose of making or earning such income, profits or gains”
[emphasis added]. From the wording of the Indian provision, under which “for
the purpose” has been held to mean “with a view to” or “intending to”, it is
indicative that expenses are allowable so long as they are produced in the
expectation of income, and there is no need for the purpose (of earning
income) to come to fruition. In the same vein as our analysis of the Malaysian
authorities, the Indian provision is not in _pari materia_ with its Singapore
counterpart. Section 14(1) of the Act makes no reference to “purpose” at all.

40 The revenue authority in New Zealand has also adopted the position that
income does not have to be derived in the same income year in which the
deduction is claimed, as long as it relates to the derivation of gross income
for any income year: _Staples’ Guide to New Zealand Tax Practice_ (Brooker’s,
60th Ed, 2000) at para 830.50. It serves to note, however, that in New
Zealand, the deduction formula is once again not _in pari materia_ with its
Singapore counterpart. Indeed, the relevant provision in New Zealand is s
DA1(1) of the Income Tax Act 2004 (No 35) (a clarification of the previous
formula in s  DD1(b) of the Income Tax Act 1994 (No 164)) which provides that
deductions are allowed for expenses “incurred by [the taxpayers] in deriving …
their assessable income”. This is different from our s 14(1).

41  As for Australia, reference must be made to the general deduction formula
in s 51(1) of the Australian Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (No 27 of 1936)
(“ITAA 1936”), or its equivalent in s 8-1 of the Income Tax Assessment Act
1997 (No 38 of 1997) (“ITAA 1997”). (It ought to be noted that s 8-1 of the
ITAA 1997 is not intended to amend the pre-1997 law, according to the
Explanatory Memorandum accompanying the Bill that introduced the rewritten
provision. An analysis of s 51(1) of the ITAA 1936 is thus directly relevant
to the interpretation of s 8-1 of the ITAA 1997 as well: see _The Laws of
Australia_ (The Law Book Company Limited, Looseleaf Ed, Update 59, 8 July
1997) Subtitle 31.4 at paras 1–2. The first limb of s 51(1) provides for a
deduction of “losses and outgoings … incurred in gaining or producing _the_
assessable income” [emphasis added]. According to the editors of the
_Australian Tax Practice Commentary_ (Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, Update 339,
April 2004) vol 3 at para 51/0170, the definite article “the” is not to be
interpreted literally but instead applies _ejusdem generis_ such that it is
sufficient (for deduction purposes) if the income arises in the year of
income, or is reasonably expected to arise in the future. The fact that no
income actually arises as a direct result of the outgoing is no bar to the
deductibility of the expense provided there was a reasonable prospect, at the
time the outgoing was incurred, of future income being derived: _Ronpibon Tin
No Liability v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1949) 78 CLR 47 at 56 (_per_
Latham CJ), _John Fairfax & Sons Pty Ltd v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_
(1959) 101 CLR 30 at 35 (_per_ Dixon CJ), _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v
Ampol Exploration Ltd_ (1986) 69 ALR 289 at 303 (_per_ Lockhart J).

42 Although this has been the entrenched interpretation of the deduction
formula in Australia, we find the following statement by the authors of _The
Laws of Australia_ at Subtitle 31.4, para 7, insightful:

There is no need … to match income and expenses in the same year of income in
order to characterise outgoings as allowable deductions (_despite the curious
role of ‘the’ in the assessable income in the first limb_). [emphasis added]

43 It is fundamental rule of statutory interpretation that Parliament shuns
tautology and does not legislate in vain: _Shell Eastern Petroleum Pte Ltd v
Chief Assessor_ [1999] 1 SLR 441 (“ _Shell Eastern Petroleum_ ”). In _Shell
Eastern Petroleum_ , this court, at [12], accepted the observation of Viscount
Simon in _Hill v William Hill (Park Lane) Ld_ [1949] AC 530 at 546–547, that

When the legislature enacts a particular phrase in a statute the presumption
is that it is saying something which has not been said immediately before. The
rule that a meaning should, if possible, be given to every word in the statute
implies that, unless there is good reason to the contrary, the words add
something which would not be there if the words were left out.

Therefore, “effect must be given, if possible, to all the words use [in that
statue,] for the Legislature is deemed not to waste its words or to say
anything in vain”: _Quebec Railway, Light, Heat and Power Company, Limited v
Vandry_ [1920] AC 662 at 676 (_per_ Lord Sumner). This was followed by the
Privy Council in _Enmore Estates Ltd v Darsan_ [1970] AC 497 at 506 and by the
Malaysian Supreme Court in _Foo Loke Ying v Television Broadcasts Ltd_ [1985]
2 MLJ 35. In the latter case, it was held at 43 that:

The court however is not at liberty to treat words in a statute as mere
tautology or surplusage unless they are wholly meaningless. On the presumption
that Parliament does nothing in vain, the court must endeavour to give
significance to every word of an enactment, and it is presumed that if a word
or phrase appears in a statute, it was put there for a purpose and must not be
disregarded.

44 In our view, there is nothing curious about the word “the” in s 14(1). It
means what it says, that there must have been income produced before expenses
are deductible. In any event, this court in _Andermatt_ has cautioned against
relying on s 51(1) of the Australian ITAA 1936 as its wording is not _in pari
materia_ with that of the Singapore provision, nor is the Australian taxation
scheme sufficiently similar in respect of the deductibility issue. This court
said, at 457, [15] in _Andermatt_ , that:

Moreover the wording of relevant Australian provisions (s 51) are not in pari
materia with the Singapore provision. There are, inter alia, these two areas
of differences. First, in Australia, a taxpayer’s gross income has to be
ascertained before deductions are allowed whereas in Singapore deductions are
allowed on each and separate source of income of the taxpayer. In other words
there has to be a matching of expenses against each individual source under
the Singapore law. In Australia this is not required. Expenses which generate
income can be deducted against the cumulative income of the taxpayer. Second,
under the Australian Act in view of the words ‘to the extent to which they are
incurred’ it is clear that the losses and outgoings are apportionable, which
does not appear to be possible under our law. Therefore, we think the
Australian cases should always be considered bearing the differences in mind.

45 Finally, comparison by the taxpayer with the Scottish case of _Vallambrosa
Rubber Co, Ltd v Farmer (Surveyor of Taxes)_ (1910) 5 TC 529 (“ _Vallambrosa_
”) is, in our view, also inappropriate. The judge in the High Court below, in
her pre-eminence, had said at [25] of her judgment ([1] _supra_) that it was
“[i]n the context of s 10(1)(_d_)” that “[the Comptroller’s counsel] was right
when he said that [the taxpayer’s counsel’s] submissions contradicted s 14(1)
which required the interest expense to be incurred in the same period in which
income was produced”. We note that _Vallambrosa_ dealt purely with income from
trade or business (which, in the local context, falls under s 10(1)(_a_)),
whereas the taxpayer in the present appeal received passive income from its
investment holdings taxable under s 10(1)(_d_). The distinction is significant
because certain tax restrictions are not visited on s 10(1)(_a_)-sourced
income. For instance, only s 10(1)(_a_) losses can be set off against
statutory income for the same year of assessment (see s 37(3)(_a_)), and
unabsorbed s 10(1)(_a_) losses can be carried forward for set-off against
statutory income of future years of assessment upon satisfying certain
criteria in s 37(5). For non-s 10(1)(_a_) sources, s 14(1) requires a source-
by-source concept to be applied, whereby the expenses incurred in the
production of each source of income must be scrupulously matched against the
source, _ie_ , expenses are not deductible on an aggregated basis against the
total of all sources of income nor can they be set off against statutory
income. The treatment of s 10(1)(_a_) income therefore differs somewhat from
that of non-s 10(1)(_a_) income. In the light of these circumstances, it would
be more appropriate to refer to authorities that deal with s 10(1)(_d_) of the
Act.

46 From our analysis of the foreign authorities above, we found them to be of
little assistance in this appeal. We think that the right approach is to look
squarely at the provision itself.

The deduction formula in s 14(1)

47  Section 14(1) does not merely refer to expenses that are incurred in the
production of income, but to expenses incurred in the production of “ _the_
income” and in acquiring “ _the_ income”. The judge below therefore rightly
noted that pursuant to s 14(1), the interest expenses are specific to “ _the_
income” and not “ _any_ income” chargeable with tax: see [22] of the High
Court decision ([1] _supra_). The High Court in _Andermatt Investments Pte Ltd
v Comptroller of Income Tax_ ([33] _supra_) expressed a similar view when it
pronounced, at 72, [18], that:

[T]he deductibility [of interest expense] is subject to a further condition.
The Comptroller has to be satisfied that the interest was payable on _capital
employed in acquiring the income_. While I accept that for the interest to be
deductible from the rent income some relationship between the rent income and
the money borrowed may be necessary I do not agree that any relationship,
however substantial, is necessarily sufficient. There has to be a particular
kind of relationship. The link is that provided in s 14(1)(a). To be
deductible the interest must be payable on _capital employed in acquiring_ and
in acquiring _the_ income and not just _income_ or _any_ income. [emphasis in
original]

Later, the High Court also held, at 73, [21], that:

The expression ‘the income’ in s 14(1)(a) refers to the income from a specific
source for a specific period which is to be ascertained and not the total
income from all sources for that period. It refers to income from that source
for that period in acquiring which such capital has been employed.

This was also upheld in _Andermatt_ where this court, at [21], endorsed the
view that under s 14(1)(_a_), there must be a direct link between the money
borrowed and the income produced. In our view, this link would clearly be
broken if the dividend income arose from a share investment counter which
purchase was not funded by the loan for which the related interest expense was
sought to be deducted.

48 We therefore fully endorse the following interpretation of s 14(1) in
_Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ , vol 9(2) (Butterworths Asia,
2000 issue), at pp 573–574:

Where the taxpayer has borrowed funds and paid interest on these funds, and
invested these funds, these investments must produce income for the interest
expense to be deductible. Where the investment does not produce income, the
interest expense on those investments would not be deductible.

_Whether the Comptroller exercised its administrative discretion
appropriately_

49 Section 14(1)(_a_) of the Act provides that for interest expenses to be
deductible, the Comptroller must be “satisfied that the interest was payable
on capital employed in acquiring the income”. Some degree of administrative
discretion is therefore conferred on the Comptroller, who has to be satisfied
that the interest expended on borrowings was incurred to earn the dividend
income. We are of the opinion that such discretion, as has been acknowledged
by the Comptroller, does not give the latter _carte blanche_ authority but is
instead to be exercised in good faith and in the interests of good
administration.

50  In our view, the Comptroller has shown himself to be measured in his
approach towards exercising the administrative discretion granted under s
14(1). In the present case, the Comptroller chose to satisfy himself that the
expenses allowed for deduction had been incurred to produce the dividend
income by adopting the Formula to ascertain the proportion of interest
expenses attributable to the income-producing and non-income-producing share
investment counters. We are of the view that such use of the Formula by the
revenue authority is valid provided it is not unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_
sense (_Associated_ _Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury
Corporatio_ _n_ [1948] 1 KB 223; _Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister
for the Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374). The cases show that the adoption of a
general policy by a body exercising an administrative discretion is perfectly
valid provided that, amongst other important considerations, it is not a
decision that is so outrageous in its defiance of logic or accepted moral
standards that no sensible person who applied his mind to the question to be
decided could have arrived at it or that no reasonable person could have come
to such a view: _Lines International Holding (S) Pte Ltd v Singapore Tourist
Promotion Board_ [1997] 2 SLR 584 at [78] _per_ Judith Prakash J. Further,
Prakash J in the same case opined that in considering unreasonableness in the
_Wednesbury_ sense, the courts are not entitled to substitute their views of
how the discretion should be exercised with that actually taken (see _Chan
Hiang Leng Colin v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 662), nor is unreasonableness established
if the courts merely come to the view that such a policy or guideline may not
work as effectively as another since the courts are not exercising an
appellate function in respect of administrative decisions. In our view, the
Formula was a logical mathematical method and not some arbitrary or
unreasonable measure.

51 It serves to bear in mind that the Comptroller has, in other ways,
demonstrated his measured approach in exercising his administrative
discretion. The Comptroller has, as a matter of practice, made some
concessions as concerns the deductibility of expenses against non-s 10(1)(a)
income. One such concession is that in respect of dividends, once a share
investment counter has generated dividend income in a particular year, the
Comptroller will deem it to be “income-producing” and the interest expense
attributable to that counter will be allowed as a deduction for subsequent
years even if it does not generate any more dividends in the later years. For
instance, in the present appeal, one of the share investment counters declared
dividends from years of assessment 1985 to 1988 and from years of assessment
1994 to 1996. During years of assessment 1989 to 1993, even though no
dividends were declared from that particular share investment counter,
interest expenses attributable to it were nevertheless allowed for deduction.
The Comptroller, however, disallowed for deduction interest expenses
attributable to share counters that have never once produced any dividend
income in the relevant years of assessment 1985 to 1996. In the light of this,
we are satisfied that the Comptroller is mindful of the practical tax
consequences faced by taxpayers and has not been shown to have abused the
administrative discretion conferred upon him by statute.

**_Whether s 10E of the Act is intended to be a declaration of the law as it
has been or a change in the law_**

52 In contrast to s 14(1), s 10E, an addition to the Act, expressly declares
that in the context of investment holding companies, where the expenditure
incurred is not attributable to any income produced, such expenditure is not
allowed for deduction. It provides:

**Ascertainment of income of investment holding company**

**10E.** —(1) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Act, in determining
the income of a company or trustee of a property trust derived from any
business of the making of investments the following provisions shall apply:

(_a_) any outgoings and expenses incurred by the company or trustee of a
property trust in respect of investments of that business which do not produce
any income shall not be allowed as a deduction under section 14 for that
business or other income of the company or trustee of a property trust;

…

53 Counsel for the taxpayer then made the ingenuous argument that, the
taxpayer being a company “in the business of making investments”, s 10E was
applicable to it, but since s 10E only came into effect in 1996, it must have
meant that prior to that, nothing in the Act permitted the Comptroller to
discriminate between the year’s income-producing and non-income-producing
share counters.

54 Despite the attractiveness of this argument, we remain unpersuaded by it in
view of the legislative intention inferred from the history behind the
inclusion of s 10E in the Act. Section 10E was inserted via the Income Tax
(Amendment) Act 1995 (Act No 32 of 1995). Reference to the Explanatory
Statement to the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 28 of 1995) does not
assist, since it does not describe the inspiration for s 10E. It only states
that s 10E is meant to “provide the manner for determining the income of a
company derived from any business of the making of the investments”. However,
the parliamentary reports have been more helpful. In his reading of the Bill
for a Second Time, the then Minister for Finance, Dr Richard Hu Tsu Tau, said
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (27 September 1995) vol 64
at col 1548):

[C]lause 6 inserts a new section 10E to the Act to _clarify_ the circumstances
under which expenses incurred by a company carrying on the business of holding
investment are deductible under the Act. [emphasis added]

According to _The Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon Press, 2nd Ed, 1989),
“clarify” means, _inter alia_ , “[t]o set forth clearly, declare”, or “[t]o
clear (the mind, etc.) from ignorance, misconception, or error; to rectify”.
If the insertion were meant to correct a previous position of the law,
however, there was no explanation of the rationale or justification behind
this change. Taking into account these various factors, we are of the view
that it is much more likely that the purpose of s 10E was merely meant to
confirm the prevailing legal position as it is, rather than to lay down a
change in the deduction formula for expenses incurred by investment holding
companies. In other words, it is more probable that the legislative intention
has always been to disallow deduction for expenses incurred by investment
holding companies in respect of investments which do not produce any income,
and neither the law nor Parliament’s intention changed with the insertion of s
10E. Section 10E was enacted to lay down this rule for the avoidance of doubt.
Consequently, this contention must fail.

**_Whether situations where expenses are not deductible are confined only to
those where expenses are incurred in the gaining of tax-exempt income or where
the investment or capital itself has been extinguished_**

55 Counsel for the taxpayer further argued that he was unaware of any
situation where interest expenses incurred on an investment would be
disregarded if there was no return on the investment, with the exception of
only two situations: where the income earned is tax-exempt, or where the
investment itself has ceased to exist. Counsel for the taxpayer introduced the
example of how in Hong Kong, investment holding companies generally pay no tax
on dividend income received (as dividends are tax-exempt in Hong Kong) so that
the related interest expenses are generally non-deductible. The taxpayer also
cited the Indian case of _Seth Shiv Prasad_ ([26] _supra_) to illustrate a
situation where a taxpayer continued to service interest expenses even after
the entire investment had ceased to exist.

56 We did not regard this last ground of appeal as having much merit. Whilst
the instances brought up by counsel for the taxpayer where interest expenses
are not deductible are valid, there is no rule that our tax jurisdiction
should be restricted only to those instances of non-deductibility. Indeed, the
mere fact that these precedents have occurred in other tax jurisdictions does
not mean interest expenses are not deductible only in these two situations.
Despite the fact that there may be tax principles common across jurisdictions,
each country’s taxation system is different and one cannot blindly pick
foreign precedents conveniently just to suit one’s purposes. Ultimately, one
must return to the wording of the relevant tax provision to gauge whether a
particular tax treatment is legally justifiable.

**_In camera_ proceedings**

57 There remains to be said one more point. Shortly before the hearing,
counsel for the taxpayer sought our assurance that the hearing would be held
_in camera_ , or closed to the general public. We considered the appropriate
law and accepted his request. We think it opportune to set down once and for
all the law relating to the hearing of tax appeals before the Court of Appeal
_in camera_.

58 There is apparently no clear statutory provision or case law providing a
direct answer as to whether a tax appeal before the Court of Appeal should be
held _in camera_. Generally, proceedings are held in open court (see s 8(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)), unless
it is proper, in the opinion of the court, for the court to exercise its
discretion to hear them _in camera_ , or where statute provides that the
hearings are to be held _in camera_ : see Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court
Practice 2005_ (LexisNexis, 2005) para 38/1/1. The latter situation usually
pertains to actions in which the maintenance of privacy or secrecy is a
primary consideration.

59 The relevant statute in the present appeal is of course the Income Tax Act
(Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed). It is apposite at this juncture to refer to the
provision in the Act which stipulates when proceedings are to be held _in
camera_. This is s 83 which is set out here as follows:

**Proceedings before Board and High Court**

**83.** —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), all proceedings before the
Board and in appeals to, or in cases stated for the opinion of, the High Court
under the provisions of this Part, and in _appeals from decisions of the High
Court under_ _section 81 (5)_ shall be heard _in camera._

(2) Where the Comptroller or the taxpayer applies to the Board or the High
Court, as the case may be, that the proceedings be heard by way of a hearing
open to the public, the Board or the Court may direct that the proceedings be
so heard, notwithstanding any objection from the other party to the
proceedings.

(3) Where in the opinion of the Board or the High Court any proceedings heard
in camera ought to be reported, the Board or the Court may publish or
authorise the publication of the facts of the case, the arguments and the
decision relating to these proceedings without disclosing the name of the
taxpayer concerned.

[emphasis added]

It is clear from s 83(1) that with regard to proceedings before the Board of
Review and the High Court at least, such proceedings are to be held _in
camera_. As for proceedings before the Court of Appeal, there is no blanket
rule that all such appeals must be held _in camera_. Indeed, s 83(1) only
stipulates that “appeals from decisions of the High Court _under section 81(5)
shall be heard in camera_ ” [emphasis added]. Section 81(5), in turn, provides
that:

There shall be such further right of appeal from decisions of the High Court …
as exists in the case of decisions made by that Court in the exercise of its
_original_ civil jurisdiction. [emphasis added].

It must mean, therefore, that s 83(1), read with s 81(5), provides that
appeals before the Court of Appeal will only be held _in camera_ if the High
Court had heard the case at first instance, that is, if the High Court had
heard the case in the exercise of its _original_ civil jurisdiction. The Act
remains silent as to the case where the taxpayer appeals against the decision
of the High Court exercising its _appellate_ jurisdiction, as is the situation
in the present appeal where the case was first heard by the Board of Review.

60 There has apparently also not been any discussion of this in the local
decisions, although it was noted in _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of
Singapore_ , vol 9(2) ([48] _supra_) at p 914, that “[i]n line with the
confidentiality accorded to tax and the financial matters of the appellant,
all hearings before the Board of Review and the appellate courts are to be
heard _in camera_ ”.

61  Despite the lack of statutory direction, we are of the view that the
special nature of tax cases and the spirit of s 83(1) of the Act ought to be
taken into consideration in deciding whether the hearing of all tax appeals
before the Court of Appeal should be held _in camera_. It has generally been
observed that income tax cases should be heard _in camera_ so as not to expose
the appellant taxpayer’s taxation and financial affairs to the peril of public
scrutiny: _Hall v Inland Revenue Commissioner (NZ)_ (1979) 9 ATR 595. Indeed,
such information may be particularly sensitive when it relates to a listed
company, such as the taxpayer in the present appeal. This would consequently
warrant the preservation of secrecy.

62  The tenor of the Act also seems to point towards Parliament’s
understanding of the need to preserve the secrecy of a taxpayer’s taxation
matters. In particular, s 83(3) of the Act supports this view. It provides
that:

Where in the opinion of the Board or the High Court any proceedings heard in
camera ought to be reported, the Board or the Court may publish or authorise
the publication of the facts of the case, the arguments and the decision
relating to these proceedings _without disclosing the name of the taxpayer
concerned_. [emphasis added]

63 Therefore, many judgments of tax cases in Singapore have, prior to being
reported, undergone amendments pursuant to s 83(3) of the Act so that the
taxpayer cannot be identified. A most recent example is _T Ltd v Comptroller
of Income Tax_ ([33] _supra_), where Andrew Ang J at [2] noted that the
details of the judgment had been duly amended “so as not to reveal the
identity of the appellant”. It is obvious that the spirit of the Act is to
enable the taxpayer to maintain the privacy of his taxation affairs.

64 Further, there does not seem to be any rationale for excluding the Court of
Appeal from the purview of s 83(1) of the Act in relation to cases which were
heard before the Board of Review at first instance. No relevant explanation
was given during the Second Reading of the Income Tax (Amendment) Bill of 29
June 1977, by which s 83(1) was amended: see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (29 June 1977) vol 37 at col 73. The amendment only related
to the vesting in the Comptroller of the reciprocal right to apply to the
Board of Review or the High Court for appeal cases to be heard in public
instead of _in camera_ , whereas prior to this, only taxpayers could make such
an application.

65 In any case, we think that it would defeat the purpose of compulsorily
requiring proceedings before the Board and the High Court to be held _in
camera_ if the same rule is not applied to all proceedings before the Court of
Appeal regardless of where the case originated. There is little justification
for protecting the taxpayer’s identity or confidential tax matters only in
appeals before the Board or the High Court, but not before the Court of
Appeal.

66 Even if we are wrong, we note that the Court of Appeal always has the
discretion to hear an appeal in camera if this court is satisfied that it is
“expedient in the interests of justice, public safety, public security or
propriety, or for other sufficient reason to do so” [emphasis added]: see s
8(2) of the SCJA, which applies to both the High Court and the Court of
Appeal. We think that on the facts of this case, it is necessary to hold the
hearing in camera so as to protect the secrecy of the appellant’s taxation
affairs.

67 In the result, the appeal is dismissed with costs. The security for costs
shall be paid out to the respondent to account of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

