Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Virtual Map (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Suncool International Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 19

Case Number | : | MC Suit 40057/2003, RAS 37/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Low Chai Chong and Jonathan Seng (Rodyk and Davidson) for the plaintiff; Wong Siew Hong and Michelle Angelique Armand (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Virtual Map (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Suncool International Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Plaintiff successfully applying for
summary judgment against defendant for infringement of copyright in digital
map images – Defendant appealing against granting of summary judgment to
plaintiff – Whether triable issues existing  
  
Copyright – Infringement – Defendant reproducing plaintiff's digital map image
without plaintiff's consent – Plaintiff alleging defendant infringing
copyright in digital map images – Defendant arguing copying insubstantial part
of whole – Whether copying sufficient to constitute infringement  
  
Copyright – Ownership – Plaintiff co-owning copyright in digital map images
with party supplying vector data used to create map images – Whether plaintiff
entitled to apply for summary judgment against defendant for infringement of
copyright in digital map images without joining co-owner – Whether plaintiff
having independent copyright in digital map images – Section 124 Copyright Act
(Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Copyright – Ownership – Plaintiff using cartographic raw materials to create
digital map images – Copyright in cartographic raw materials owned by third
party – Whether plaintiff owning independent copyright in map image  
  

1 February 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Kew Chai J:

1 On 25 June 2004, the district judge dismissed the defendant’s appeal against
the decision of the deputy registrar dated 26 March 2004. The defendant
appealed against the district judge’s decision ([2004] SGDC 190). I heard and
dismissed the appeal on 2 September 2004. On the defendant’s application, I
heard further arguments on 17 November 2004, after which I reserved judgment.

**Basic facts**

2 The facts of this appeal are not complicated. The plaintiff is in the
business of, _inter alia_ , creating and licensing the reproduction and/or use
of digital raster street maps of Singapore. These digital raster maps are
contained in the plaintiff’s website at www.streetdirectory.com. The defendant
is a company in the business of installing solar control films, security and
fire-fighting equipment.

3 It is not denied that the defendant reproduced a map image[1] from the
plaintiff’s website without its consent. The map image, which discloses the
location of the defendant’s premises, was reproduced on the defendant’s
website at www.suncool.com.sg. The defendant has admitted to copying the map
image.

4 Not unexpectedly, the plaintiff obtained summary judgment against the
defendant. The defendant appealed.

**The district judge’s findings**

5 I will first summarise the arguments before the learned district judge.
Before her, the defendant submitted that:

(a) the plaintiff had no _locus standi_ to maintain the action since it did
not own the copyright in the copied map;

(b) the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) owned the copyright;

(c) the plaintiff’s maps lacked the requisite originality;

(d) the defendant was entitled to rely on the defence of fair dealing under ss
35 and 37 of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”);

(e) there was no substantial copying; and

(f) there was no knowledge of copying on the part of the defendant.

The learned district judge was indeed correct not to find any merit to these
arguments raised by the defendant. I will only draw attention to the findings
which are relevant to the issues raised in the defendant’s latest appeal.
These findings principally traverse copyright ownership and originality in the
plaintiff’s product.

6 The defendant failed to satisfy the learned district judge that the
plaintiff was deprived of any _locus standi_ to maintain the present suit in
its sole name by reason of s 124(1) of the Act. Section 124(1) states:

Where –

(a) an action is brought by the owner of the copyright or by the exclusive
licensee; and

(b) the action, insofar as it is brought under section 119, relates in whole
or in part, to an infringement in respect of which the owner and the licensee
have concurrent rights of action under that section,

the owner or licensee, as the case may be, shall not be entitled, except with
the leave of the court, to proceed with the action, insofar as it is brought
under that section and relates to that infringement, unless the other party is
joined as a plaintiff in the action or added as a defendant.

7 The learned district judge held that s 124(1) only applied to proceedings in
relation to a copyright in respect of which an _exclusive_ licence had been
granted and was in force at the time of the events to which the proceedings
related. This was also clarified by s 122. The plaintiff in this action
brought the suit as an independent copyright owner in its own right. On the
evidence, there was no mention of the existence of any exclusive licence.

8 The learned district judge did not find any merit to the argument that the
copyright in the maps resided in the SLA and that the SLA had merely granted
the plaintiff a non-exclusive licence. In my view, she correctly drew the
distinction between the vector data used as a starting point for the maps, and
the finished products themselves. The former, which represents the raw
material in the map enhancement process, was the basis of a non-exclusive
licence agreement between the SLA and the plaintiff. It is the case that,
where existing subject matter is used in creating a work, copyright can vest
in the creator of the work if he expended skill and labour that were
sufficient to make the work original: see _MacMillan Publishers Limited v
Thomas Reed Publications Limited_ [1993] FSR 455 (“ _MacMillan_ ”). The
learned district judge made the following finding (at [9] of her Grounds of
Decision):

The result of the creative work process can be seen in the significant
differences between the raw geographical material obtained by the plaintiffs
from the SLA (an example of which is exhibited at pages 36 to 37 of Eugene
Lim’s affidavit of 13 February 2004) and the final product displayed on the
plaintiffs’ website (in this case, the Work exhibited as Schedule A to the
statement of claim). According to the plaintiffs, to date some S$3 million has
been invested by them in developing, creating and maintaining their online map
provision services; and they also incur regular costs in upkeeping and
maintaining these services.

9 Accordingly, the learned district judge agreed with the deputy registrar’s
view that this was a case where sufficient work and skill were expended in:

(a) the creation of a map which was visually functional and pleasing as well
as being highly readable and manipulable; and

(b) the compilation of selected information such as building names and
locations.

10 A significant observation made by the learned district judge was that the
SLA did not, in fact, deny the plaintiff’s claim to ownership of the copyright
in the maps. Reference was made to an affidavit filed by the SLA in another
proceeding (“the SLA affidavit”). Even if it was the case that the SLA claimed
to be a co-owner of the copyright in the maps, co-owners of copyright are, at
law, treated as tenants in common, and each is entitled to bring proceedings
without joining the other: see _Acorn Computers v MCS Microcomputer Systems
Pty Ltd_ (1984) 57 ALR 389 at 395. The SLA affidavit did not mention any
unauthorised use by the plaintiff of SLA’s raw material (the vector data).
Even if one were to assume that there was copyright infringement of the vector
data, as a matter of law, any original work which is thereafter derived from
the infringement may nevertheless enjoy copyright. In this respect, I found
the learned district judge’s reliance on Lightman J’s decision in _ZYX Music
GmbH v Chris King_ [1995] FSR 566 at 576–577 particularly useful. Two
principles may be gleaned. First, a plaintiff’s work, even if it infringes the
copyright in another’s work, may nonetheless enjoy copyright, and the fact
that the plaintiff’s work does so infringe a third party’s work does not
constitute a defence to proceedings instituted by the plaintiff. Second,
copyright is still enforced in such a situation where only an incidental (let
alone an unintentional) civil wrong involving no moral obloquy by the
plaintiff against a third party is involved.

**Issues in this appeal**

11 In the appeal before me, the following issues were raised:

(a) The plaintiff is not entitled to enjoy independent copyright in its maps.

(b) The plaintiff is not entitled to pursue this action independent of the
SLA, the other joint owner.

(c) Copying is not sufficiently substantial to constitute infringement in this
case.

I will deal with each issue in turn.

**_Does the plaintiff own the copyright in the map images?_**

12 The defendant resurrected its argument that the plaintiff is not entitled
to own an independent copyright in its maps. The plaintiff will be entitled to
copyright in its work[2] if it satisfies the court that it has expended skill,
effort and labour in creating the work. I note that the input of the plaintiff
resulted in a visually significant alteration of existing subject matter.
Comparing the cartographic vector data and the plaintiff’s work, the contrast
is marked. Unlike the cartographic vector data, the plaintiff’s maps are fully
coloured, readable and interactive. It is apparent that much skill and labour
was expended to assimilate various fragments of raw material into a usable
map[3]. Additions to the cartographic raw material included a set of building
names and locations, road networks, traffic directions, a scale and full
colour. It is significant that this evidence was not challenged by the
defendant.

13 The question of how far a work, which has been copied from an earlier work,
can be regarded as original is a matter of fact and degree. What is needed is
an addition of some element of material alteration or embellishment which
suffices to make the totality of the work an original work: _per_ Lord Oliver
of Aylmerton in _Interlego AG v Tyco Industries Inc_ [1989] AC 217 at 262 _et
seq_. On the evidence before me, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has
expended the kind of skill, labour and judgment which is rewarded with
originality in the copyright sense.

14 Once it has been established that skill and labour has been expended in the
plaintiff’s work, it follows that the plaintiff would be the copyright owner
of the work in its own right. Such copyright is independent of any copyright
which may separately exist in relation to the cartographic raw material.

15 The case of _MacMillan_ ([8] _supra_) is instructive. Its facts are
apposite to the present case. The plaintiff and defendant in _MacMillan_ were
both publishers of almanacs for the use of yachtsmen. In these almanacs were
smaller charts, or chartlets, which depicted various specific areas of
coastline. The chartlets comprised outlines of coasts together with
geographical features, and other information. The chartlets had been created
in stages. Draft drawings were first prepared from selected features from the
admiralty charts; thereafter they were annotated, and then sent to the
cartographers. The plaintiff successfully obtained summary judgment in respect
of the defendant’s copying of 22 chartlets in its almanac. It was held that
the plaintiff could claim originality in the creation of the chartlets.
Sufficient skill and labour had been expended. The work which was done on the
admiralty charts was done with the permission of the Hydrographer of the Navy,
who was the agent that managed permissions for the use of Crown copyright
subsisting in the admiralty charts. On the issue of originality, Mummery J
held that this was a case where sufficient work and skill had been done, both
in the creation of the simplified form of artistic work, showing the outlines
of the coast and geographical features, and in the compilation of selected
information on depth soundings, buoys, _etc_. The point was that as a starting
point, the plaintiff worked from admiralty charts, which were the subject of
Crown copyright. The parity of reasoning with present facts is too obvious to
ignore.

16 The defendant compared the plaintiff’s work with the maps found in the
_Singapore Street Directory_ (SNP Publishing Ltd) and the NTUC I-Map, and
argued that given the high degree of similarity between the works, and similar
licence terms apropos SLA, it had clearly raised a triable issue as to the
originality of the plaintiff’s work. It is a false premise, because one can
always expect a degree of similarity of cartographic outlines and raw data
among different map publications. It is these cartographic outlines that form
the basis of a non-exclusive licence between the SLA and various map
publishers. Having analysed the plaintiff’s maps and affidavit evidence, I
have concluded that through additional improvements and embellishments (the
additions to the cartographic raw material included a set of building names
and locations, road networks, traffic directions, a scale and full colour),
the plaintiff has created an independent copyright work in its own right.

17 By way of further arguments, the defendant relied on the French Court of
Appeal decision in _SA Editions du May v La Manufacture des Pneumatiques
Michelin_ [1992] ECC28, (“the _Michelin_ decision”) which it said discusses
the self-evident proposition that a defendant who alleges that the plaintiff’s
work is not original bears the burden of proving that allegation. In the case
of maps, the defendant contended that based on the _Michelin_ decision, that
burden could be met by the production of earlier, similar maps, and further,
from proof that the publishers of those other maps had used the same
combination of data as the plaintiff. For many years, Michelin published maps
and guidebooks, including a 1:1,000,000 map of the whole of France. In 1987,
Du May published a road map of France on a scale of 1:1,000,000. Michelin took
the view that this map was a reproduction of its own map and subsequently
commenced proceedings. The Tribunal de Commerce held, _inter alia_ , that Du
May’s map was an imitation of Michelin’s map. In dismissing the appeal, the
Cour d’Appel held that a geographical map of France on the scale of
1:1,000,000 was no doubt in itself not an original work and there were
necessarily data which were common to _all_ maps. The court held that the
Michelin map was the result of Michelin’s creative endeavours, and reflected
its individuality by virtue of the combination and choice of several types of
information. The Michelin map could be distinguished from other 1:1,000,000
maps in the way the distances were divided up, the choice of localities,
curiosities and symbols, the selection and classification of roads and the
plotting of forests (at 330, [2]). The court also held that whilst Du May had
the onus of showing that the Michelin map was not original, it did not produce
any documents of earlier date and did not prove that other map publishers
reproduced the _same_ combination of data. On the evidence, Michelin was able
to prove that it was possible to make different selections from the road
network and to make a choice of localities (at 330–331, [3]).

18 The defendant tried to develop its argument that the plaintiff’s map was
clearly not original because of the substantial similarity it bore to the maps
found in various editions of the _Singapore Street Directory_ , maps published
by SingTel Yellow Pages Pte Ltd, and the NTUC Income I-Map. It claimed that
the points of similarity arose out of the individual elements of the map,
including the placement and font used in the road names, building numbers,
building names, resulting in a similarity of identity in the overall look and
feel.

19 The _Michelin_ decision is of no assistance to the defendant in this
appeal. It is misguided to compare the plaintiff’s maps to other sources as
the defendant has done. The comparison should be made with the basic material
which has been licensed from SLA. In the _Michelin_ decision, Michelin only
made comparisons with other publishers’ maps to prove that it was possible to
make different selections from, _inter alia_ , the road network. The court
held that “the Du May map uses the same data as Michelin for the choice and
classification of roads by colour, the way in which road distances are divided
up, the different scale used to show Corsica, the plotting of forests,
selection of localities and curiosities, and even the selection of airports
shown” (at 331, [5]). What was also apparent was that mistakes and
imperfections in the Michelin map appeared in the Du May map. In the present
case, the plaintiff has demonstrated in evidence that other online maps adopt
a different colour scheme, building outlines, building and road names and
level of detail.[4] As stated earlier, the plaintiff has demonstrated
sufficient skill and labour in the embellishment of the vector data, as well
as in making choices as to the selection of different information, to lead me
to conclude that it is deserving of protection. In the same way, the Michelin
map was held to be a result of the respondent’s “creative endeavours” and
“reflects its individuality by virtue of the combination and choice of several
types of information” (at 330, [2]). I hesitate to adopt similar language, as
it is apparent that the threshold of originality in French copyright law may
be considerably higher than that in Singapore copyright law.

20 For the reasons stated above, I agree with the learned district judge that
the plaintiff has demonstrated sufficient skill and labour to merit copyright
protection, in respect of its “virtual” maps.

**_Is the plaintiff entitled to commence proceedings in its own right?_**

21 Once the court is satisfied that the plaintiff has established independent
copyright credentials in its work, then it must follow that it can commence
proceedings without joining any other party. I agree with the learned district
judge that this is not a case where s 124 of the Act applies. It is not a
triable defence. Even if the court were to take the defendant’s case at its
highest, that both the SLA and the plaintiff co-owned the copyright, the
plaintiff would be entitled to proceed as it has done, without joining the SLA
as co-plaintiff: see _Copinger & Skone James on Copyright_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
14th Ed, 1999) at para 5-165; _Lauri v Renad_ [1892] 3 Ch 402.

**_Is the copying in this case substantial or de minimis?_**

22 The defendant tried to argue that its copying, though admitted, was not a
substantial taking, when compared with the total land area of Singapore. The
copied portion covered less than one grid out of six grids on any given page
of the printed _Singapore Street Directory_. According to the defendant, its
copying totalled less than 0.15%, which is _de minimis_.

23 This argument is without merit. The work that was copied by the defendant
is a discrete map that was created in the form that it was copied. It joins
with other maps to form what is the entire map of Singapore. From the
affidavits filed, it is also apparent that much skill, effort and labour have
been expended in creating each map, and thereafter further skill and labour
have been expended to crop and arrange individual maps so as to form a
seamless collection. It is an established principle that where the work is a
collection of separate works, each work must be considered individually, and
the measurement of substantiality cannot be made against the entire
collection. It is furthermore a trite principle that the determination of the
substantiality of the taking is as much a qualitative as a quantitative
exercise. Even if the entire collection of maps can be regarded as one
collective work, which I consider a dubious proposition on the present facts,
the work that has been taken by the defendant, whilst small in percentage
terms, is nevertheless a substantial taking, given its importance to anyone
who wishes to locate a particular address in the area covered by the copied
map. In _Macmillan_ , I also note that a comparison was made between
respective individual chartlets, from which it was determined that the
plaintiff’s chartlets and the defendant’s chartlets were substantially the
same.

24 In the course of argument I was referred to the unreported decision of
_Hyperion Records Ltd v Warner Music (UK) Ltd_ (17 May 1991, High Court
(Chancery Division), England) (“ _Hyperion_ ”). The defendant relied on this
case to support its proposition that the admitted copying of the plaintiff’s
maps should be measured against the entire printed _Singapore Street
Directory_. In _Hyperion_ , the defendant had reproduced approximately eight
notes of a sound recording. The same eight notes were reproduced repeatedly
throughout the infringing track. At issue was whether copyright should be
taken as existing in the whole sound recording, or in the eight notes that
were copied. If it was the latter, then the defendant could be said to have
copied the work in its entirety. No issue of substantiality would arise. Mr
Hugh Laddie QC (as he then was), sitting as deputy judge of the High Court,
took the view that there was a triable defence as to whether these eight notes
formed a substantial part of the recording, opining that if the copyright
owner was allowed to “redefine his copyright work so as to match the size of
the alleged infringement, there will never be a requirement for
substantiality”. The learned deputy judge also said this did not mean that “a
recording of eight notes could not be a copyright sound recording: it is
possible that it could”. He did not accept that it was legitimate to
arbitrarily cut out of a large work that portion which had been allegedly
copied and then to call that the copyright work. He was inclined to grant
leave to defend on the basis that a judge might well be assisted by evidence
as to relative importance or otherwise of the four seconds to the whole of the
plaintiff’s recording.

25 In copyright terms, a map is in a different categorisation of work
altogether. The difficulties faced by the deputy judge in _Hyperion_ is best
expressed by what his Honour said about it:

A piece of a sound recording may be taken by a defendant and used in a number
of ways. It may be repeated once softly, as a barely audible part of the
background to a long and very different sound recording; or it may be given
great prominence in the defendant’s sound recording and repeated many times,
as, in my judgment, is the case here. But the importance of the copied part to
the defendants’ recording is a poor guide to whether or not it is a
substantial part of the work from which it was taken, particularly where, as
here, the plaintiffs’ and the defendants’ recordings are so utterly different
in style and content.

26 I am unable to accept that where the work in question is a discrete and
distinct map, as is the case here, a similar parallel can be drawn with the
eight notes in _Hyperion_. As pleaded, it is quite capable of acquiring its
own copyright. It is apparent that the difficulties of evaluating the
substantiality of taking would accordingly vary with different kinds of
copyright work. In _Hyperion_ , the court did recognise that in the case of a
film that was shot over many days, copyright resided in each day’s footage as
a discrete work and in the film as a whole. The deputy judge’s words of
caution, with reference to Fox LJ’s remarks in _Leco Instruments (UK) Ltd v
Land Pyrometers Ltd_ [1982] RPC 133 at 143, should also be alluded to for
present purposes:

In my judgment, the Court of Appeal did not mean to say in the passage that I
have just quoted that all a defendant has to do in order to avoid an O 14
judgment is to say that he disputes substantiality and wishes to call
evidence. That would be to frustrate the effect of O 14 in relation to
copyright cases, and _it is just as important that O 14 should be available to
nip in the bud unmeritorious defences in copyright actions, as in any other
type of action. The decision on substantiality is a jury question for the
judge and in very many cases the judge will be able to make up his mind
without the aid of any evidence_. Nevertheless, in some cases – ...
particularly borderline cases – expert evidence may assist the court, and in
such cases O 14 procedure would be inappropriate. [emphasis added]

27 I would not consider the distinctive and individual character of the
plaintiff’s maps, nor the admitted reproduction of the plaintiff’s work to be
constituted a “borderline” case in the present proceedings.

28 In [17] of her Judgment, the learned district judge was quite right in
saying that the defendant’s argument could not be correct because that would
mean that by the plaintiff expending extra skill, effort and labour in joining
the individual maps to form a seamless collection of maps, it would actually
have destroyed the copyright that attaches to each individual map. I am in
complete agreement with her.

**No other triable issues**

29 In the course of further arguments, the defendant tried to make the
submission that the mere change of medium, from a street directory in the form
of a book to an online street directory, should not result in the change of
copyright ownership. As I understand it, the plaintiff has never proceeded on
obtaining copyright on the basis of rendering an online version of its maps. A
considerable amount of unreadable data had to be converted, accompanied by
selection and assimilation.

30 The defendant referred me to the decision of the Federal Court of Australia
in _Universal Press Pty Ltd v Provest Ltd_ (1989) 87 ALR 497. The applicant
was a publisher of three Sydney street directories. It claimed that the
respondent had infringed its copyright in: (a) each edition; (b) each
individual map; and (c) each base map of the street directories. The
respondent brought a motion to strike out claims (a) and (b) from the
Statement of Claim. The application was not granted. The court was of the view
that the question should first be settled between the parties as to the
identification of the original literary or artistic work in which the
copyright infringed was said to subsist. The court did remark (at 500) that:

It is beyond dispute that as each initial base map was prepared, copyright
existed in that base map as an original artistic and perhaps literary work.
Where an original map is subsequently altered there will be a question of fact
involved in determining whether the map as altered has become a new original
work or whether it remained the old work.

31 Applying this principle, for the reasons stated above, it is obvious that a
new original work had been created based on SLA’s base material.

32 The defendant argued that each of the layers of information (which was
provided by the SLA) was in fact a “map”, and through a process of
superimposition (layering), the final image was created. This was another
futile attempt to challenge the originality of the plaintiff’s work. The
argument runs against the evidence contained in the first Affidavit filed on
behalf of the plaintiff[5] (which went unchallenged by the defendant). None of
the data sets can be properly described as a “map”.

33 The defendant further argued that because the notation “© 2003 SLA” was
inserted by the plaintiff into its maps, the copyright in the maps should
belong to SLA. The affixing of the copyright notation is not required under
the Act, and the court is certainly not precluded from making any findings on
ownership and subsistence of copyright, nor clarifying the terms of a licence
between parties, notwithstanding the existence of any copyright notation to
the contrary.

34 Two other defences were pleaded, which in my view carry no merit
whatsoever. The first is the defence that the admitted copying was carried out
by a website designer, and the defendant was unaware that the plaintiff’s map
image had been copied. There is no evidence to support this, and the defendant
has, by its own admission, copied the plaintiff’s work. Secondly, the
defendant also pleaded fair dealing under ss 35 and 37 of the Act. These were
non-starters, and were not seriously pursued in the appeal.

35 For the decision of the lower court to stand the court must be satisfied
that the defendant has not, in the course of argument, raised triable issues
in response to the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment. In my view,
against the backdrop of admitted copying by the defendant, it has not crossed
the threshold. For these reasons, I dismiss the defendant’s appeal with costs.

Defendant’s appeal dismissed.

  

* * *

[1]Schedule A to the Statement of Claim

[2]As pleaded in Schedule A of the Statement of Claim

[3]Paras 16–29 Eugene Lim’s first Affidavit, paras 22–23 Eugene Lim’s second
Affidavit

[4]p 53, Eugene Lim’s second Affidavit

[5]Eugene Lim’s first affidavit

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

