Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Govindasamy Supramaniam v Bailey Foreign Holdings Corp and Others  
[2005] SGHC 199

Case Number | : | Suit 696/2005, SIC 5086/2005, 5137/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng and Mark Cheng Wai Yuen (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiff; Dhillon Dinesh Singh and Rachel Chong Sue-Fen (Wong and Leow LLC) for the first to fourth defendants; The fifth defendant not represented   
Parties | : |  Govindasamy Supramaniam — Bailey Foreign Holdings Corp; Adrian Bailey; Mary Bailey; Kevin Bailey; S.E.A. Hydropower Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Plaintiff removed as managing director by
properly constituted act of company's board of directors – Allegations of
serious wrongdoing by both sides – Whether to grant interim mandatory
injunction reinstating plaintiff as managing director  
  

1 This was an application by the plaintiff and his son, Sashi Kumar
Supramaniam (who is not a party to the proceedings), for a court order
directing that they be reinstated as the managing director and executive
director respectively, of the fifth defendant company (“the Company”), and
various ancillary orders including an order that they be authorised to manage
the day-to-day operations of the company. The application was filed on 4
October 2005 and heard on 6 October 2005. I dismissed the application on the
following day, 7 October 2005, and the plaintiff has obtained leave for an
expedited appeal against my decision.

2 The plaintiff and the first defendant are shareholders of the Company,
holding 50% of the shareholding each. The second, third, and fourth defendants
are members of the board of directors of the Company. The plaintiff alleged
that the second, third and fourth defendants were never involved in the day-
to-day operations of the Company whose business is in the manufacturing and
trading of hydraulic cylinders in Asia and the Pacific region. The plaintiff
sold half of his shares in the Company to the first defendant in March 2002.
However, he retained full conduct of the daily operations and management of
the Company after the sale of shares to the first defendant. It appeared that
the partnership of the plaintiff and the first defendant was a profitable one
and the plaintiff had no trouble from the defendants, and _vice versa_ , until
July or August 2005 when the defendants suspected that the plaintiff was
acting against the interests of the Company. There was a meeting scheduled for
October 2005 but, according to the plaintiff, the second and third defendants
arrived early unannounced on 26 September 2005. The plaintiff described a
physical “storming” of the Company by the second and third defendants and the
personnel they brought along with them. The plaintiff was thus compelled to
relinquish authority from that day. He remained on the board of directors, but
that was little comfort to him because his objective was to be reinstated with
full powers for the daily management of the Company. It should be noted that
although the plaintiff and the first defendant each had 50% of the Company’s
shares, the first defendant had an option to purchase another 28%.

3 The defendants’ case was that they had acted legitimately because the
plaintiff had been conducting himself in a manner that was against the
interests of the Company. They felt justified in the sudden removal of the
plaintiff from his position so that they could stop any further damage to the
Company. The details of the allegations of breach of the plaintiff’s duties,
as a director, to the Company were set out in the affidavits of Kevin Bailey
(the fourth defendant) and Dr Narayanamurthy a director of an associate Bailey
company in India. The allegations of the defendants and Dr Narayanamurthy were
serious ones.

4 Both parties in this application and suit had alleged serious wrongdoing on
the part of the other. The plaintiff was the managing director and had the
day-to-day conduct of the Company’s operations. It was submitted on his behalf
that the defendants had no contractual right to remove the plaintiff since cl
7.1 of the Shareholders Agreement did not permit either side, who each had 50%
of the shareholding, to remove each other’s nominees to the board of
directors. The accusations on both sides were serious, and after reading the
affidavits I am of the view that it would not be prudent to lean in one
direction or the other without a full hearing on the merits. In the
circumstances, I had to consider two key issues. First, did the defendants
blatantly breach a contractual right in circumstances that warrant an
immediate reinstatement of the plaintiff? The defendants satisfied me that the
resolutions at the board of directors were passed in accordance with cl 7.4 of
the Shareholders Agreement, which required only a simple majority.
Furthermore, the plaintiff was not removed as a director. He remains on the
board. The plaintiff’s chief complaint was that the control of the affairs of
the Company passed from him to the defendants absolutely. Whether that was
right or wrong is one of the main issues for the trial.

5 Second, when the facts are complicated and involve serious allegations of
wrongdoing like that in the present case, and where it will not be prudent to
make a call as to which side was in breach, the only way a decision can fairly
be made for the resolution of an application for an interim mandatory
injunction is to consider the consequences, or, in standard parlance, the
balance of convenience. In this case, even that issue is laced with some
doubtful propositions from both sides. But taking all the allegations into
account, I was of the view that the most prudent course was to refuse the
application. The consequences of granting it would, it appears, be just as
dire for either side. I made the judgment thus on the whole of the case,
albeit on imperfect evidence in the face of strenuous and serious allegations
of wrongdoing on both sides. I also evaluated the circumstances from another
angle, namely, to ascertain, as best as I could, the severity or impact on the
parties should I be wrong in refusing the plaintiff’s application. The fact
that the plaintiff had been the one who was running the business and
operations of the Company all the while is neutralised in some way by the
allegations of wrongdoing on his part that might damage the Company.
Furthermore, no one in the company was in any position to keep watch over the
plaintiff by virtue of his absolute authority there. So we have a situation
where there is bound to be damage, one way or the other, whether the plaintiff
is reinstated or not. In either case, damages would not only be adequate, but
would also be the only remedy for the affairs conducted by both sides up to
the trial. The trial judge might order some specific injunctive reliefs, but
then, he would be able to do so with the benefit of considering all the
evidence as tested at the trial. In complicated commercial disputes such as
the present one, I would hesitate to grant mandatory injunctions to reverse an
otherwise properly constituted act of a company or its board of directors.
Whether the conduct would eventually be exonerated is a matter for the trial
judge. In this regard, it is true that the plaintiff would suffer greatly, but
if the defendants were right, they too would suffer as much, and there are
more entities that will suffer on their side. This is one small but
significant factor that also nudged me to dismiss the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

