Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Burwill Trading Pte Ltd v Panwah Steel Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 234

Case Number | : | Suit 928/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prem Gurbani and Bernard Yee (Gurbani and Co) for the plaintiff; Josephine Chong and Aqbal Singh (UniLegal LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Burwill Trading Pte Ltd — Panwah Steel Pte Ltd   
  
27 December 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Introduction**

1 In this action the plaintiff, Burwill Trading Pte Ltd (“Burwill”), claims
$1,400,403.54 for the supply of reinforcing steel bars (“rebars”) to the
defendant, Panwah Steel Pte Ltd (“Panwah”). Burwill’s claim relates to three
contracts:

_Date_ |  _Contract No_ |  _Description_  
---|---|---  
23.5.02 |  C020483(03) |  Changi Agreement  
11.3.03 |  C030107 |  First Term Contract  
4.12.03 |  C030626 |  Second Term Contract  
  
2 In the course of the trial, Panwah accepted liability for $1,394,953.65 in
respect of these three contracts. As the balance was for a relatively small
sum of $5,449.89, Burwill decided not to pursue the balance. Accordingly, the
remaining disputes revolve around Panwah’s counterclaim against Burwill for
non-delivery of rebars under the following four contracts:

_Date_ |  _Contract No._ |  _Description_  
---|---|---  
23.5.02 |  C020483(03) |  Changi Agreement  
10.10.03 |  C030520 |  Yung Sheng Agreement  
18.6.04 |  C040283 |  First Burmese Agreement  
2.7.04 |  C040329 |  Second Burmese Agreement  
  
3 At the trial, the following witnesses gave evidence:

_For Burwill:_

(a) Chang Meng – Executive Vice President

(b) Jeffrey Ng Chang Sin (“Jeffrey Ng”) – Accounts Manager

(c) Jonathan Soh Wit Chee (“Jonathan Soh”) – Senior Vice President

(d) Michael Thio Sin Chang (“Michael Thio”) – General Manager

_For Panwah:_

Lim Seow Yi (“Lisa Lim”) – Manager (although in her Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief (“AEIC”) she had referred to herself as Deputy Manager).

Although Lim Hua Seng (“Mr Lim”), the Managing Director of Panwah, had started
to give evidence, Panwah decided not to require him to continue to do so as he
was ill. Accordingly, it was agreed that his entire evidence would not be
admissible.

**The Changi Agreement**

4 By an agreement dated 23 May 2002 (“the Changi Agreement”), Burwill agreed
to sell to Panwah 39,000mt of rebars for a proposed Changi Water Reclamation
Plant C3A at Tanah Merah Coast (“C3A”). Panwah had purchased the rebars in
order to supply the same to the main contractor of C3A, Koh Brothers Building
& Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd (“Koh Brothers”). I will refer to
Panwah’s contract with Koh Brothers as “the KB Agreement”. Although it was
dated 26 April 2002, it was signed by Panwah on 31 May 2002, some seven days
after the date of the Changi Agreement. For reasons best known to Panwah, the
duration of the supply under the Changi Agreement was for one and a half years
from 1 June 2002 to 31 December 2003 whereas the duration of the supply under
the KB Agreement was for two years from June 2002 to June 2004.

5 Consequently, in December 2003, Panwah sought an extension of the Changi
Agreement up to 30 June 2004. The respective representatives met on 8 December
2003. As Burwill was not aware of the terms of the KB Agreement, Burwill
requested that Panwah obtain a written confirmation from Koh Brothers that the
KB Agreement was until June 2004. Panwah obtained the confirmation on or about
12 December 2003 and Burwill then agreed to the extension at the prevailing
prices under the Changi Agreement even though the prices of raw materials had
increased from January 2003 and steel prices were soaring from December 2003.
Panwah suggested that if Burwill had not done so, Panwah would have
immediately purchased the outstanding balance then and Burwill would have
suffered an immediate loss. It was suggested that by agreeing to the
extension, Burwill was hoping that the price of steel would drop so that
Burwill’s losses would not be severe. In my view, this suggestion ignored the
point that the price of steel could also go up. Indeed, this was more likely
because as at December 2003, the price was trending upwards, not downwards.
Furthermore, if Panwah had issued an immediate order for the balance before
the end of December 2003, Panwah would have had to fork out more than $9m
based on the then outstanding balance of 22,000mt and using the price of
US$415 per metric tonne as it was the lower of two prevailing prices under the
Changi Agreement. Also, the rebars would have to be stored at the C3A site
because Burwill made its deliveries to the site or Panwah would have had to
store the rebars until Koh Brothers issued their purchase orders for the same.
I am of the view that Burwill had extended the Changi Agreement to 30 June
2004 at the prevailing prices under the Changi Agreement as a favour to Panwah
in view of the business relationship between them.

6 In any event, whatever the reason might have been, there was no dispute that
the Changi Agreement was extended to 30 June 2004 at the prevailing prices.
Burwill’s position was that the extension was on the basis stated in its
telefax to Panwah dated 15 December 2003 which states, _inter alia_ , that the
supply “shall be as per the progress requirement of the site” (“the
Condition”). The Condition was not stated in Panwah’s earlier telefax of the
same date to Burwill. Up to the commencement of the trial, Panwah did not
accept that they had agreed to the Condition. However, in the course of the
trial, Panwah accepted this. The primary dispute regarding the Changi
Agreement was what the Condition meant or entailed.

7 In my view, it is clear what the Condition meant but it is less clear what
it entailed. In other words, how would Panwah show that the purchase orders it
was to issue after 31 December 2003 would be in accordance with the progress
requirements of rebars at the C3A site? The parties had not discussed this
when the extension was agreed.

8 At a meeting on 16 January 2004 at the C3A site involving representatives
from Burwill, Panwah and Koh Brothers, Koh Brothers agreed to provide
structural drawings and details to Burwill so as to allow Burwill to monitor
the progress of the works and in particular the rebar requirements of the
site. However, the drawings were not forthcoming. Subsequently, Burwill
requested for additional documents all of which were not provided. A CD-ROM
which was provided by Koh Brothers yielded no information as it was corrupted.

9 Problems arose regarding the Condition because Burwill had noticed that the
amounts being ordered by Panwah was increasing greatly in 2004. For example,
for the whole of 2003, Panwah had ordered 17,975mt of rebars. However, between
April and June 2004, Panwah ordered 13,739mt. When representatives from
Burwill visited the site, they noticed rebars being stocked up, unused, at
various locations at the site. This aroused their suspicions even further and
they thought that Panwah was intent on stocking up the rebars. Eventually,
Burwill ceased delivery of rebars on 25 June 2004, although the formal
notification of cessation was dated 1 July 2004. By then, the extension had
expired on 30 June 2004 and the remaining balance undelivered was 8,126.459mt
(using Koh Brothers’ figure which was less than the figures provided by
Burwill and by Panwah). Burwill was not satisfied that the purchase orders of
Panwah were indeed as required by the progress of works at the site.

10 As it turned out, Burwill was correct in that the rebars which Koh Brothers
had ordered from Panwah and which Panwah had in turn ordered from Burwill were
not required for the works at the site. What had happened was that Koh
Brothers had a surplus of rebars from another site and it had deployed the
surplus to the C3A site. As a result, it did not require the balance of about
8,000mt for the C3A site but wanted the same for redeployment to other job
sites. At all material times, Burwill was unaware of this and had suspected
that it was Panwah who was stockpiling the rebars. At all material times,
Panwah was apparently also unaware of Koh Brothers’ real intentions.

11 As between Koh Brothers and Panwah, Koh Brothers were insisting on delivery
of the balance. The KB Agreement did not specifically have the Condition.
Consequently, Koh Brothers withheld payment to Panwah of about $1.4m for
rebars already delivered and also claimed damages of about $3m against Panwah.
This is the subject of Suit No 746 of 2004 which was heard also by me after
the trial of the present action. Although Panwah denied liability to Koh
Brothers for reasons which I shall state in my judgment for that action,
Panwah has sought, _inter alia_ , an indemnity from Burwill for any sum which
Panwah may be found to be liable to Koh Brothers in respect of the omission by
Burwill to deliver the balance of the rebars. For the Changi Agreement, Panwah
claims:

(a) |  Loss of profit |  $ 216,867.00  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Non-payment by Koh Brothers for rebars already delivered to site |  $1,447,833.83  
(c) |  Claim by Koh Brothers |  $2,961,365.94  
|  |  (plus interest and costs)  
  
Item (b) above is the sum withheld by Koh Brothers and item (c) above is the
claim for which Panwah seeks an indemnity from Burwill.

12 Panwah asserted that the Condition was satisfied each time Panwah received
a purchase order from Koh Brothers. Panwah said that it was not disputed that
Koh Brothers had issued purchase orders for the balance. They relied on the
practice, before the extension was agreed, whereby upon issuance of Koh
Brothers’ purchase orders, Panwah would issue its own purchase orders and
Burwill would deliver to the site whereupon Koh Brothers would then
acknowledge receipt of the delivered rebars. Panwah submitted that since
Burwill’s fear was of Panwah profiteering from the extension, Burwill should
have no problem with delivering the rebars to the site since the site was
under the control of Koh Brothers and not Panwah. Also, if there was any
ambiguity in the Condition, it should be construed _contra proferentem_
against Burwill who had imposed the same.

13 I note that although it is true that Burwill’s primary concern was that
Panwah should not profiteer from the extension, the Condition was not worded
in those terms. It stipulated that Burwill’s supply would be “as per the
progress requirement of the site”. Secondly, although delivery to the site
might at first blush address Burwill’s fear that Panwah might profiteer, there
was nothing to stop Panwah and Koh Brothers making their own deal to resell
the delivered rebars and splitting the profit. Thirdly, although the previous
practice was that Burwill would deliver to the site after receipt of Panwah’s
purchase orders and Koh Brothers would acknowledge receipt of the delivered
rebars, Burwill had based its deliveries on Panwah’s purchase orders and not
Koh Brothers’ which Burwill had not seen.

14 I am also of the view that there was no ambiguity as to what the Condition
means. There could be some question as to what would satisfy the Condition but
that was a different point. Would the Condition be fulfilled merely if Koh
Brothers said so? For all the arguments of Panwah, would the Condition have
been satisfied if, soon after 31 December 2003, Koh Brothers had issued a
single purchase order for all the balance at one go? It would then have been
obvious that such a purchase order would not be in accordance with progress
requirements of the site. Yet, according to Panwah’s arguments, the Condition
would have been satisfied. In my view, this cannot be right. There must be
something more than the subjective word of Koh Brothers. Would structural
drawings and details alone be sufficient or would, for example, bar-bending
schedules, work progress charts and progress claims be also necessary? The
latter set of documents had been sought by Burwill after its request on 16
January 2004 for structural drawings and details. It is not necessary for me
to decide what objective evidence would have been required because even
without any of the documents requested, Burwill was able to tell then and also
to establish at the trial that there was more than enough rebars on site to
fulfil the progress requirements of C3A up to 30 June 2004.

15 There is one other point of Panwah I would like to address. Panwah
submitted that Burwill was looking for an excuse to get out of its obligations
to supply during the period of extension because Burwill would be making
losses if it continued the supply at the prevailing prices under the Changi
Agreement. In my view, the truth was quite the opposite. I have already
mentioned in [5] above that, Burwill had agreed to the extension as a favour
to Panwah. Moreover, notwithstanding Burwill’s visits to the site where its
representatives noted that rebars were being stockpiled, Burwill had continued
for some time after December 2003 to meet some of Panwah’s purchase orders
while discussions were ongoing about the documents which Burwill was seeking
in order to establish the progress requirements. Burwill did not suddenly
cease its supply. It was only after some time when its requests for documents
to ascertain the progress requirements were not met that Burwill then ceased
its supply on 25 June 2004. By then, the outstanding balance under the Changi
Agreement had been reduced from 22,000mt to just over 8,000mt.

16 In the circumstances, I am of the view that Burwill was entitled to cease
supply under the Changi Agreement.

**The credit limit argument**

17 In order to avoid liability under the Changi Agreement and the other three
agreements, Burwill submitted that it was also entitled to cease delivery
because Panwah had failed to keep to its credit limit.

18 I now refer to Burwill’s Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale (“Standard
Terms”) which were on the reverse of each agreement. However as there are some
differences between the Standard Terms of some of the agreements, I will set
out the different terms where relevant. There was also an argument by Panwah
that because there was no clause incorporating the Standard Terms, such terms
are not applicable even though they are found on the reverse side of each
agreement. Each of the front of the agreements stated that Panwah’s order was
accepted subject to the “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALES shown on this
contract”. The heading of the Standard Terms on the reverse side is “STANDARD
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE”. So, there was a difference in that the heading
on the reverse had the word “STANDARD”. There was also no specific provision
on the front referring to the terms on the reverse side. On the other hand,
Lisa Lim accepted that when she signed the Changi Agreement, she was aware
that there were terms on the reverse side. I conclude that she must have been
similarly aware of the existence of such terms for the other agreements. In
the circumstances, I am of the view that the Standard Terms were binding on
Panwah as part of each of the agreements. I would, however, like to make one
observation. The Standard Terms were in such small print that they were barely
legible. On the other hand, Panwah did not ask for a more legible version. As
no argument was presented on this point, I will say no more except to suggest
that businesses should not be operated in this manner and standard terms
should be clearly legible.

19 Clause 5.5 of the Changi Agreement states:

5.5 Without prejudice to any other right or remedy which the Seller may have,
Seller shall be entitled (without suffering any penalty whatsoever and without
being in breach of the Contract or any other contract) to withhold delivery of
the Goods and/or to stop the Goods in transit at any time should the Buyer:-

(i) fail to observe any of the terms, conditions and/or provisions of the
Contract and/or these Terms and Conditions; or

(ii) fail to make any payment under the Contract or under any other contract
that the Buyer may have with the Seller from time to time.

20 In dealing with the issue of the credit limit, it is necessary for me to
refer to various agreements, including the First Term Contract and the Second
Term Contract, even though Panwah’s claims do not extend to the First Term
Contract and the Second Term Contract. To avoid confusion, it bears repeating
that it is Burwill which is claiming, _inter alia,_ under the First Term and
the Second Term Contracts which claims have since been admitted by Panwah as I
have mentioned in [2] above.

21 The Changi Agreement was dated 23 May 2002. The credit limit for Panwah was
$1.5m.

22 The First Term Contract was dated 11 March 2003. The credit limit for
Panwah under this Contract was stated to be $800,000. Clause 2 of this
Contract, under “Default In Payment”, stated:

In the event the total credit limit of $800,000 granted to the Buyer under
this contract and/or in conjunction under/taking into account any of the
Buyer’s other projects (not the subject matter of this contract) in respect
whereof the Seller has supplied the commodity has been reached, the Seller
shall be fully entitled to cease further supply of the commodity for all
projects undertaken by the Buyer … with immediate effect … without giving the
Buyer any prior notice.

23 The parties disputed on the interpretation of this provision. Burwill
submitted that the $800,000 referred to in this cl 2 was the total credit
limit extended to Panwah under all its contracts with Burwill. Panwah
submitted that the total credit limit referred to both the sum of $800,000 and
any other credit extended to Panwah under any of its other agreements.

24 I agree that there was ambiguity and using the _contra proferentem_ rule,
Panwah’s interpretation should prevail for the First Term Contract.
Accordingly, the total credit limit for Panwah under the First Term Contract
was $800,000 and any other credit extended to Panwah under other agreements.
Indeed, bearing in mind that the credit limit under the Changi Agreement was
already $1.5m, it would be odd if by signing another agreement about ten
months later, Panwah and Burwill had intended to reduce the total credit limit
to $800,000 when the original duration of the Changi Agreement (up to 31
December 2003) had not yet expired.

25 The Yung Sheng Agreement was dated 10 October 2003. The credit limit for
Panwah under this agreement was stated to be within the credit limit of the
First Term Contract, which was $800,000. The Yung Sheng Agreement had the same
cl 2, under “Default In Payment”, _ie_ , specifying the total credit limit of
$800,000 in conjunction with any other project of Panwah. Again, adopting
Panwah’s submission, the total credit limit for Panwah under the Changi
Agreement, the First Term Contract and the Yung Sheng Agreement should be:

$1.5m + $800,000 + $800,000 = $3.1m

Yet, Panwah did not assert that the total credit limit was $3.1m. Indeed, Lisa
Lim’s AEIC had referred to a total credit limit of between $2.3m to $3m, not
$3.1m. In any event, in the course of the trial, Lisa Lim said that the total
credit limit was $2.3m.

26 I now come to the Second Term Contract dated 4 December 2003. The credit
limit for this agreement was also stated to be within the credit limit of the
First Term Contract, _ie_ , $800,000. However, cl 2, under “Default In
Payment”, stated that the total credit limit was $1.5m (and not $800,000 as
was the case under the First Term Contract and the Yung Sheng Agreement).
Clearly, the $1.5m figure was not the credit limit for the Second Term
Contract alone which was $800,000. Accordingly, the $1.5m figure mentioned in
the said cl 2 must mean the total credit limit for Panwah under the Second
Term Contract as well as any other existing agreement between Panwah and
Burwill, as at the date of the Second Term Contract.

27 I add that even if, for the sake of argument, the total credit limit was
$2.3m, Panwah had in any event exceeded this sum. According to Burwill’s
letter to Panwah dated 16 April 2004, the total amount owing by Panwah to
Burwill as at 14 April 2004 was $3,749,696.55. This sum was not disputed. I
therefore find that Burwill has established that Panwah had exceeded its total
credit limit as at 14 April 2004, whether the total credit limit was $1.5m or
$2.3m.

28 By a letter dated 19 May 2004, Burwill purported to reduce Panwah’s total
credit limit to $1m. Panwah did not accept that Burwill was entitled to do so.
In any event, the parties had a meeting on 16 June 2004. Burwill’s version was
that at this meeting, Burwill agreed to raise Panwah’s total credit limit to
$1.3m. This revised figure was then mentioned in Burwill’s letter to Panwah
dated 17 June 2004. However, Panwah’s position was that this letter was also a
unilateral revision by Burwill.

29 I prefer Burwill’s version to that of Panwah. Generally, I found the
witnesses from Burwill like Jeffrey Ng, Jonathan Soh and Chang Meng to be more
credible than Lisa Lim. Panwah’s position in refusing to admit Burwill’s
claims until the trial had gone underway also reflected poorly on its overall
credibility. Panwah’s earlier allegation of conspiracy between Burwill and Koh
Brothers also had to be dropped in the midst of the trial. Again, this
reflected poorly on Panwah’s overall credibility.

30 Subsequent to 16 June 2004, Burwill’s Chang Meng met Mr Lim at a lunch on
25 June 2004. This was followed by a telephone call between the two on the
same day. Jonathan Soh and Michael Thio were with Chang Meng during the call.
The evidence of all three was that Burwill had agreed to increase the total
credit limit to $1.5m and resume delivery under the Second Term Contract
provided Panwah brought its outstandings down to the credit limit.

31 Lisa Lim was not a party to this telephone conversation nor was she present
then. She was in no position to say what was discussed in this conversation.
However, Panwah sought to challenge Burwill’s version by relying on a letter
dated 7 July 2004 from Panwah to Burwill. This letter did not refer to the
telephone conversation of 25 June 2004. Instead, it referred to a meeting on 7
July 2004 and stated that Burwill had agreed to deliver 230mt for a purchase
order under the Second Term Contract in exchange for a cheque for $182,861.43.
Michael Thio of Burwill had signed at the bottom of the letter as a
confirmation thereof. Panwah’s position was that as there was no reference to
a $1.5m credit limit in its letter which Michael Thio had countersigned,
Burwill’s version about the $1.5m credit limit agreed to during the telephone
conversation of 25 June 2005 was untrue.

32 On the other hand, Michael Thio also subsequently sent a letter dated 16
July 2004. His letter referred to the telephone conversation of 25 June 2004,
the credit limit of $1.5m and Panwah’s agreement to reduce its outstandings to
$1.5m. In his letter, he said the cheque for $182,861.43 was received “as a
wager of the agreement”. Michael Thio disagreed that Panwah’s letter which he
had countersigned was inconsistent with Burwill’s version of what had
transpired during the telephone conversation of 25 June 2004. He said that
after that telephone conversation, Panwah still had not reduced its
outstandings and so Jeffrey Ng and he visited Mr Lim’s office on 7 July 2004
which then resulted in Panwah’s letter of the same date.

33 In my view, Panwah’s letter of 7 July 2004 was not necessarily inconsistent
with the alleged conversation of 25 June 2004. As mentioned, that letter was
silent on the issue of the total credit limit and bringing the outstandings
down to that limit. I am of the view that Michael Thio had signed the 7 July
2004 letter as there was no direct contradiction of the telephone conversation
and he was anxious to receive the cheque for $182,861.43 (which was in any
event post-dated). He did not realise that it could be used to challenge the
telephone conversation of 25 June 2004. In his mind, the $182,861.43 was a
part payment to reduce the outstandings although Panwah’s letter had mentioned
that the sum was in exchange of deliveries under the Second Term Contract.
Michael Thio was not concerned about the reference to deliveries under the
Second Term Contract as Burwill was making such deliveries.

34 In addition to the evidence of Jonathan Soh, Michael Thio and especially
Chang Meng about the conversation of 25 June 2004, there were two draft
letters prepared by Jeffrey Ng. Jonathan Soh had told him about the
conversation and to prepare a letter to confirm the conversation. According to
Jeffrey Ng, Chang Meng eventually decided it was unnecessary to engross and
send the final draft. The terms of the drafts were generally consistent with
the version given by Burwill’s witnesses. The authenticity of the drafts was
not challenged.

35 I am of the view that Burwill’s version about the conversation of 25 June
2004 was true. This meant that Panwah had breached its agreement to reduce its
outstandings to the agreed credit limit of $1.5m. However, Panwah submitted
that there was no consideration for the agreement on this limit, had I found
the total credit limit as at the date of the Second Term Contract to be $2.3m.
I do not agree with that submission. The consideration was in Burwill’s
continuation of deliveries for the time being even though Panwah’s
outstandings had exceeded $2.3m.

36 As Panwah had failed to keep to the total credit limit, this was another
valid reason justifying the cessation of supply under the Changi Agreement.

37 Burwill also used the credit limit argument for the Yung Sheng Agreement
and the two Burmese Agreements which were the subject of Panwah’s claim. As
for the Yung Sheng Agreement, the evidence of Jonathan Soh was that deliveries
had ceased in February 2004, _ie_ , way before an issue about the credit limit
for Panwah had arisen. Accordingly, Burwill cannot use Panwah’s failure to
reduce its outstandings to $1.5m to justify its cessation of supply under the
Yung Sheng Agreement. It is therefore not necessary for me to set out the
terms of cl 5.5 of the Standard Terms of the Yung Sheng Agreement.

38 I would add that although Jonathan Soh had said in para 59 of his AEIC that
Burwill had cancelled the Yung Sheng Agreement in view of Panwah’s failure to
reduce its outstandings to $1.5m, there was no concrete evidence of this
cancellation. Burwill’s letter dated 16 July 2004 had merely threatened to
terminate all deliveries. There was no follow-up letter to terminate the Yung
Sheng Agreement, although there was another letter also dated 16 July 2004 to
terminate the Burmese Agreements which were referred to as the “export
contract”. Although Burwill’s submission relied on a letter dated 30 July 2004
from its solicitors as constituting the termination of, _inter alia_ , the
Yung Sheng Agreement, that submission is not valid. That letter alleged that
Burwill had cancelled various agreements. It was not itself the notice of
termination. There were also other notifications for payments of outstandings
and even a demand for payment of $500,000 under a back guarantee but still no
concrete evidence of the termination of the Yung Sheng Agreement. Burwill had
mixed things up, besides having poorly drafted terms of contracts.

39 As for the two Burmese Agreements, no credit was extended and payment was
to be by cash on delivery. Furthermore, there was no term in the Burmese
Agreements allowing Burwill to terminate the same if Panwah failed to reduce
its outstandings to meet its credit limit under other agreements. Clause 5.5
of the Standard Terms of the Burmese Agreements stated:

5.5 Without prejudice and in addition to any of the other terms, conditions
and/or provisions hereof or to any of the other rights or remedies of the
Seller, the Seller shall have the right to:-

(i) declare that the credit period granted by the Seller to the Buyer in
respect of any and/or all invoice(s) already issued to the Buyer shall be
cancelled and the invoice(s) due and payable immediately;

(ii) limit or vary the credit as to term and/or amount; and/or

(iii) require payment from the Buyer in advance of delivery for all Goods;

and upon such notification by the Seller to the Buyer, the terms of payment
under the Contract shall be duly amended in accordance with the notification.

40 In any event, cl 5.5 of the Burmese Agreements was not applicable for
various reasons. First, the reverse of the Second Burmese Agreement (which
contained cl 5.5) was deleted. As for the First Burmese Agreement, cl 5.5(iii)
of the Standard Terms merely stated that Burwill might require payment from
the buyer in advance and, upon notification, the terms of payment would be
duly amended. Clauses 5.5(i) and 5.5(ii) of the Standard Terms of the
agreement are irrelevant because they referred to the cancellation, limitation
or variation of credit and, as mentioned, no credit was extended to Panwah
under the Burmese Agreements.

41 As I have mentioned, the payment term for the Burmese Agreements was cash
on delivery. There was no prior notification from Burwill that payment was to
be made before delivery until Burwill’s letter dated 16 July 2004 to Panwah.
Even then, that letter stated:

Based on contract C040283 [which is the First Burmese Agreement] you are to
provide cash payment before delivery of material.

42 Although Lisa Lim agreed that that letter was a notification, she did not
say that it was a notification under cl 5.5. Indeed, that letter gave the
impression that the requirement to pay cash before delivery was already part
of the original terms and not an amendment. I am of the view that a
notification under cl 5.5(iii) must notify Panwah that it is an amendment to
the original terms, otherwise it is misleading and invalid as an amendment. As
it was, Panwah’s reply dated 17 July 2004 reminded Burwill that the
contractual payment term was cash payment on delivery. Accordingly, cl
5.5(iii) does not help Burwill in respect of the Burmese Agreements. The fact
that Panwah had been late in some earlier payments under the Burmese
Agreements is irrelevant because Burwill had accepted the payments without
reserving its right to act on the delays. Furthermore, Burwill’s letter dated
16 July 2004, while stating that cash payment was to be made before delivery,
proceeded in the next paragraph to rely not on the failure to pay cash but on
the credit limit, referred to in earlier correspondence, to terminate “the
export contract” without waiting for payment to be tendered. As a termination
notice, it was also invalid.

**Breach of contract – cl 10.1(i) of the Standard Terms**

43 Burwill also relied on cl 10.1(i) of the Standard Terms to avoid liability
under the Changi Agreement and the Burmese Agreements. Clause 10.1(i) stated:

10.1 In the event that:-

(i) the Buyer makes default or commits any breach of the Contract, these Terms
and Conditions and/or any of its obligations to the Seller;

…

then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Seller,
the Seller shall be entitled to cancel the Contract or suspend any further
deliveries under the Contract without any liability to the Buyer, and if the
Goods have been delivered but not paid for the price shall become immediately
due and payable notwithstanding any previous agreement or arrangement to the
contrary.

44 As regards the Changi Agreement, Burwill submitted that Panwah was in
breach:

(a) in failing to satisfy Burwill on the Condition; and

(b) in failing to reduce its outstandings to the total credit limit of $1.5m.

45 I have already given my view as regards the Condition. If I am correct on
that point, Burwill does not need to rely on cl 10.1(i). If I am incorrect on
that point, then Panwah would not have failed to satisfy the Condition which
in turn would then not enable Burwill to rely on cl 10.1(i).

46 As for Panwah’s failure to reduce its outstandings to the total credit
limit of $1.5m, I am of the view that Burwill is entitled to rely also on cl
10.1(i) to cease its supply under the Changi Agreement.

47 As for the Burmese Agreements, I construe cl 10.1(i) of the Standard Terms
of each agreement to relate to a breach of that agreement only. Any breach of
the total credit limit does not apply to the Burmese Agreements which have no
credit terms.

48 The late payments of earlier deliveries under the Burmese Agreements were
accepted by Burwill without reservation of its rights, and, in my view,
Burwill has waived its right to rely on the past late payments. Indeed,
Burwill did not act on the past late payments but on the alleged existing
obligation to pay before delivery. I have ruled against Burwill on that point.
Accordingly, the late payments cannot be used by Burwill to activate cl
10.1(i).

**Non-importation clause – cl 3**

49 Burwill also relied on cl 3, under “Other Terms & Conditions”, of each of
the agreements, to avoid liability. As cl 2 thereof may have a bearing on the
meaning of cl 3, I set out below cll 2 and 3:

2) Buyer shall order the total contractual supplies from Burwill Trading Pte
Ltd. If Burwill Trading Pte Ltd is unable to deliver the goods as agreed in
this contract then with Burwill Trading Pte Ltd written consent, Buyer can
purchase from other supplier and deduct whatever additional costs incurred by
Buyer from the money due to Burwill Trading Pte Ltd.

3) In the event the Buyer imports bars from any sources, Burwill Trading Pte
Ltd shall be fully entitled to cease further supply of the commodity and the
Buyer shall settle all current and outstanding balances with immediate effect
and the exclusive supply agreement will automatically lapse.

50 The evidence showed that by an agreement dated 26 May 2003 (part of Exh
P2), Panwah had contracted to import rebars into Singapore although Lisa Lim
said the quality thereof was different. Lisa Lim suggested that the cargo had
been actually transhipped to another country but the evidence she relied on,
being cargo clearance permits and a bill of lading in Exh D4, only dealt with
a portion of the quantity contracted for. So, even if there was some
transhipment, the other portion of the quantity contracted for was imported
into Singapore. The evidence in the form of a bill of lading and an invoice
suggested that that portion was brought into Singapore in or around July 2003.
A number of questions arises in the construction of cl 3:

(a) Would it apply only to the importation of rebars in respect of the project
which was the subject of the agreement?

(b) Would it apply also to past transactions of importation?

(c) Would it apply when the contract of sale for importation was signed or
when the rebars were physically brought into Singapore?

51 Again, the terms were not well drafted. It seems to me that there was
ambiguity and, using the _contra proferentem_ rule, I am of the view that cl 3
is confined only to the importation of rebars in respect of the project which
was the subject of the agreement. That is sufficient to deal with Burwill’s
reliance on cl 3. However, for completeness, I will also deal with the other
two questions of construction set out above.

52 I am of the view that cl 3 did not apply to past transactions of
importation by Panwah, otherwise, how far back would cl 3 extend to? Secondly,
cl 3 referred to “import” in the present tense. Thirdly, the _contra
proferentem_ rule of construction leads me also to this conclusion. As the
rebars, under Exh P2, had already been physically imported before the Burmese
Agreements were executed, they cannot be used to justify the cessation of
supply thereunder.

53 Furthermore, I would add that cl 3 could not be used to justify the
cessation of supply under the extension of the Changi Agreement as the
agreement to extend was made in December 2003 and the rebars under Exh P2 had
already been brought into Singapore before then.

54 As for the Yung Sheng Agreement dated 10 October 2003, cl 3 also did not
apply since the rebars under Exh P2 had been brought into Singapore before 10
October 2003.

55 As for two other examples of importation of rebars by Panwah, the contracts
for the same were signed on 15 June 2004 and 5 July 2004 respectively.
However, the physical importation under these contracts was in August 2004 or
later. Hence, the “relevance” of the third question in relation to the
construction of cl 3.

56 Panwah’s position was that cl 3 only applied to the physical importation of
the rebars and not the date the contract for the same was signed. Burwill’s
position was that it applied when the contract was signed. If Panwah had
signed a contract to import rebars into Singapore but then changed the
destination before the rebars were brought into Singapore, should Burwill be
entitled to act on cl 3? I do not think so. In any event any ambiguity would
be read against Burwill using the _contra proferentem_ rule again.
Accordingly, I conclude that cl 3 applied only when the rebars were brought
into Singapore. As this was after the date of cessation of supply by Burwill
in respect of the agreements in question, Burwill is not entitled to rely on
cl 3 to justify such cessation.

**The Yung Sheng agreement**

57 Although there was no formal termination of the Yung Sheng Agreement,
delivery thereunder had ceased since February 2004. According to Jonathan Soh,
the main contractor of the Yung Sheng Road project was Leap Hong Construction
Co Pte Ltd (“Leap Hong”) which was wound up in May 2004. In para 146 of its
Closing Submissions, Panwah accepted that goods from Burwill were to be used
for the named project under each agreement. Panwah’s contract to supply rebars
from Burwill under the Yung Sheng Agreement was with Leap Hong. As Leap Hong
was wound up, there was no further order for rebars to Panwah and consequently
Panwah did not place any further order with Burwill for rebars. Indeed,
Michael Toh’s unchallenged evidence was that Mr Lim wanted to place orders
under the Yung Sheng Agreement for another project but Mr Thio had rejected
this request. In the circumstances, I am of the view that Burwill is under no
liability to Panwah under the Yung Sheng Agreement.

**Burmese Agreements**

58 As for the Burmese Agreements, Burwill would have been liable to Panwah for
damages but for cl 14.7 of the Standard Terms which Burwill also relied on. I
come now to cl 14.7.

**No liability – cl 14.7 of the Standard Terms**

59 Clause 14.7 of the Standard Terms stated:

14.7 The Seller shall not be liable for loss of profit, loss of use, loss of
contracts, delay in construction of building projects, or any consequential,
economic or indirect loss whatsoever and in particular (but without prejudice
to the generality of the foregoing) the Seller shall not be responsible for
any form of damages, liquidated or otherwise, imposed by developers on main
contractors and/or sub-contractors, whether the Buyer is a main contractor or
sub-contractor or otherwise.

60 I am of the view that cl 14.7 enables Burwill to avoid liability for loss
of profit and consequential losses. This provision applies to all the
agreements in issue.

**Damages**

61 For completeness, I will say something about the quantum of damages if
Burwill had been found liable to Panwah under any of the agreements in
question.

62 For the Changi Agreement, Lisa Lim was not able to explain how the $216,867
sum for loss of profits, as pleaded by Panwah, was derived. Panwah’s
submission claimed $200,256 based on a shortfall of 8,344mt (using Panwah’s
figure instead of Koh Brothers’ figure of 8,126.459mt) multiplied by $24 per
metric tonne. However, the submission did not elaborate as to how the $24
figure was derived. I note that under the Changi Agreement, Burwill’s
prevailing price for standard length rebars was $415 per metric tonne. For
special length, it was $430 per metric tonne. Under the KB Agreement, Panwah’s
price for January to June 2004 was $454 per metric tonne. It appears that
Panwah had used the difference between the $454 figure and the $430 figure to
derive the difference of $24 per metric tonne. I might have given Panwah a
larger difference since the price for standard length rebars was lower.
However, as Panwah was prepared to accept $24 per metric tonne as its loss of
profit, I would have multiplied it by Koh Brothers’ figure of 8,126.459mt =
$195,035.02. I am not adopting Panwah’s figure of 8,344mt as the undelivered
quantity because Panwah has not established the same. Neither did Burwill
establish its figure of 8,134mt. I have adopted Koh Brothers’ figure because
it is the lowest and in Suit No 746 of 2004, I will be adopting that figure as
between Koh Brothers and Panwah.

63 On the claim by Koh Brothers, I would then have ordered Burwill to
indemnify Panwah for whatever Panwah may be liable to Koh Brothers under the
KB Agreement as a result of Burwill’s breach. As for Burwill’s submission that
Panwah should have obtained the balance of undelivered rebars from alternative
sources when Burwill had ceased delivery, this submission assumed that, at the
material time, prices from alternative sources would be the same as the
prevailing prices under the Changi Agreement. However, that assumption has not
been established and this submission must fail.

64 For the Yung Sheng Agreement, there were two versions which were signed.
One had handwritten amendments thereon and the other neater version appeared
to have taken into account some of the handwritten amendments. However, the
handwritten amendment of “(± 10% at buyer’s option)” was not included in the
neater version. I am of the view that the neater version reflected the
parties’ agreement and therefore the 10% option was not available to Panwah.
Burwill would then probably be liable for the difference between the
contractual quantity of 1,100mt and the 146.674mt delivered, making a balance
of 953.326mt. Although Lisa Lim’s AEIC claimed that 977.143mt were undelivered
under this agreement, there was no elaboration as to how she derived this
figure. I should also mention that although Burwill has learnt that Panwah’s
contract with Leap Hong was for 400mt, Panwah’s damages would not be
restricted to the 400mt if I am wrong on the issue of Burwill’s liability.

65 Although Burwill submitted that the Yung Sheng Agreement was terminated on
30 July 2004, this is factually incorrect as I have said in [38] above.
Burwill’s breach would then have occurred in February 2004 because delivery
had ceased since then. The damages should be determined based on the market
price as at March 2004.

66 For the quantum of damages, Panwah had used the Building and Construction
Authority’s (“BCA”) annual average price for steel for 2004 being $863.40 per
metric tonne.

67 On the other hand, Burwill had referred to the price of steel obtained from
International Enterprises Singapore which was formerly the Trade Development
Board. This showed import prices to be $586.96 per metric tonne for March
2004. However, there was no evidence that import prices were the same as
prices for local delivery.

68 Burwill also suggested an alternative of a median price using the prices
under the two Burmese Agreements which were executed in June and July 2004.
However, this alternative is not appropriate for two reasons. First, it
wrongly assumed that the Yung Sheng Agreement was cancelled on 30 July 2004
and ignored the fact that delivery thereunder had ceased in February 2004.
Secondly, the Burmese Agreements were for export and there was no evidence
that export prices were the same as prices for local delivery.

69 I note from the BCA documents exhibited in Lisa Lim’s AEIC at p 131 that
from February 2004, the BCA’s Construction Material Prices were based on
current market prices for new material supply contracts which was a change
from the previous methodology of average market prices which was the average
of prices based on existing contracts and new material supply contracts. The
change was to reflect the latest material price trends in the construction
industry. I am of the view that the BCA figures are preferable in the absence
of any better evidence. Also, as the BCA prices were indicated on a monthly
basis, there is no need to use an average price for the entire year of 2004.

70 For March 2004, the BCA price was $958.13 per metric tonne. The difference
between this and the contract price under the Yung Sheng Agreement is $958.13
– $545 = $413.13 per metric tonne. Panwah’s damages would then be:

953.326mt x $413.13 = $393,847.57

71 As for the First and Second Burmese Agreements, Burwill’s breaches would
have been on 16 July 2004 which was the date of termination thereof under
Burwill’s letter of that date. I do not think the BCA figures are helpful here
because the Burmese Agreements are export contracts. In the absence of better
evidence, I will adopt the contract price under the Second Burmese Agreement
of US$400 per metric tonne as the market price for damages under both the
Burmese Agreements as the Second Burmese Agreement was dated 2 July 2004.
Consequently, no damages would have been awarded under the Second Burmese
Agreement since the contract price thereof was the same as the market price.
For the First Burmese Agreement, I would have awarded Panwah damages based on
the difference between the US$400 per metric tonne under the Second Burmese
Agreement and US$388 per metric tonne under the First Burmese Agreement =
US$12 per metric tonne.

72 The contracted quantity under the First Burmese Agreement was 2,000mt.
There were two versions of the First Burmese Agreement. One with a ± 10%
beside the 2,000mt figure and the other with that information deleted. Lisa
Lim had said that pursuant to an oral agreement, Panwah had the option to
increase the contractual quantity by 10%. She, however, conceded that aside
from the oral agreement, Burwill could supply 90% of the contractual quantity.
That oral agreement was not pleaded and was also not proved. In the light of
Ms Lim’s concession, Burwill would have been entitled to deliver 90% of the
contracted quantity amounting to 1,800mt. As 1,212.258mt had been delivered,
the difference would be 587.742mt. I would then have awarded damages to Panwah
of 587.742mt x US$12 = US$7,052.90.

**Summary**

73 I grant Burwill judgment against Panwah for $1,394,953.65 with interest
thereon at the rate of 6% per annum from 24 November 2004 being the date of
the Writ of Summons until the date of this Judgement. I dismiss Panwah’s
Counterclaim. I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

