Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan King Hiang v United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | OM 8/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gopinath Pillai (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the applicant; Andre Yeap SC and Adrian Wong (Rajah and Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan King Hiang — United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Solicitors taking further steps in
proceedings without obtaining Official Assignee's sanction despite client
being adjudged bankrupt – Whether costs wasted due to failure of applicant's
solicitors to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition –
Whether applicant's solicitors personally liable for costs – Orders 59 r 8(1),
59 r 8(2) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Bankruptcy effects – Bankrupt taking further
steps in proceedings without obtaining Official Assignee's sanction –
Conditional sanction subsequently granted by Official Assignee – Bankrupt
failing to satisfy condition by time of hearing – Whether bankrupt competent
to pursue matter – Section 131(1)(a) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

4 July 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the majority):

1 This was an application by Tan King Hiang (“TKH”), made by way of
Originating Motion No 8 of 2005 (“OM 8/2005”), seeking an extension of time to
file a notice of appeal against the decision given by Judith Prakash J on 30
September 2004 in Suit No 13 of 2004 (“S 13/2004”). We heard the application
on 25 April 2005 and dismissed it with costs on the ground that TKH was not
competent to proceed with the application. We also fixed costs at $1,500 and
ordered that it be paid by the solicitors personally. These grounds are issued
to explain why costs were ordered against the solicitors**.**

**The background**

2 In S 13/2004, United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“UE”) sued three
parties, one of which was TKH, the second defendant, for conspiracy to
corruptly secure contracts from UE by offering secret commissions to an
employee of UE, one Lee Lip Hiong (“LLH”), the first defendant to the action.
The third defendant to the action was Sin Yong Contractor Pte Ltd (“Sin Yong
Ltd”) which was owned by TKH and two other persons.

3 Criminal charges under s 6(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1993 Rev Ed) were brought against LLH, who pleaded guilty and was
convicted of ten charges, with 95 other charges taken into account. He was
sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment and a fine of $364,758. In S 13/2004, UE
sought the return of the secret commissions paid to LLH from the three
defendants.

4 Summary judgment in favour of UE was granted by the Senior Assistant
Registrar, whose judgment was upheld by Prakash J on 30 September 2004, and
the latter decision was the subject of the proposed appeal.

5 TKH should have filed his notice of appeal against the decision of Prakash J
within the period of one month from the date thereof: see O 57 r 4 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). However, it was not done until 25
February 2005, a delay of some 118 days (reckoning from 30 October 2004, the
date on which the notice of appeal should have been filed), when TKH applied
to this court to grant him an extension of time to file the notice of appeal.

6 Pursuant to the judgment obtained in S 13/2004, UE filed a winding up
petition against Sin Yong Ltd and it was granted on 12 November 2004. By a
letter dated 9 November 2004, which was faxed to Prakash J on 12 November
2004, Sin Yong Ltd set out certain facts and asked the judge for advice. The
letter was signed by TKH and two other directors. Quite naturally, the judge
could not give any advice and the Registrar of the Supreme Court, in a reply
dated 17 November 2004 and addressed to the three directors of Sin Yong Ltd,
told them that they should seek advice from their own lawyers and that if they
still wanted to appeal against the decision of 30 September 2004, they should
seek an extension of time as the period for filing an appeal had by then
expired.

7 Nothing was done by TKH until 19 January 2005 when he applied by way of
Summons in Chambers No 336 of 2005 (“SIC 336/2005”) to the High Court, seeking
for an extension of time to file a notice of appeal against Prakash J’s
decision.

8 In the meantime, on the basis of the judgment, bankruptcy proceedings were
instituted by UE against both TKH and LLH. On 20 January 2005, LLH was
adjudged a bankrupt. However, the assistant registrar decided to adjourn the
making of an order against TKH until after TKH’s application, made in SIC
336/2005 for an extension of time to file a notice of appeal, had been dealt
with.

9 On 2 February 2005, SIC 336/2005 came before Andrew Ang JC (as he then was)
who made no order as he was of the view that the High Court had no power to
grant an extension of time to file a notice of appeal out of time; it should
have been made to the Court of Appeal.

10 On 25 February 2005, at about 3.00pm, TKH was adjudged a bankrupt by the
assistant registrar. Later, on the same day, TKH filed the present application
in OM 8/2005 to the Court of Appeal. The electronic record showed that the
motion was filed at 1926 hours, although counsel for TKH said that the motion
was, in fact, left with the Registry of the Supreme Court much earlier in the
day.

11 However, the solicitors for TKH proceeded to serve the papers on UE’s
solicitors without obtaining the sanction of the Official Assignee (“OA”). It
was only by 14 April 2005, some ten days before OM 8/2005 came up for hearing
before the Court of Appeal, that TKH’s solicitors wrote to the OA for approval
to continue with the proceeding. The next day, the OA gave his conditional
consent but soon qualified it further to require TKH to deposit a sum of
$40,000 as the OA’s security for costs in relation to the motion.

12 Up to the date of the hearing of the motion, TKH was not able to furnish
the security required by the OA. The result was that TKH was incompetent to
pursue the matter. The motion was accordingly dismissed by this court with
costs. As TKH was already a bankrupt, an order for costs in favour of UE would
give the latter very little comfort. Thus, UE’s counsel asked that an order on
costs be made against the solicitors personally.

13 Order 59 r 8(1)(_c_) of the Rules of Court provides that:

Subject to this Rule, where it appears to the Court that costs _have been
incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been wasted by
failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition_ ,
the Court may make against any solicitor whom it considers to be responsible
(whether personally or through an employee or agent) an order directing the
solicitor personally to indemnify such other parties against costs payable by
them. [emphasis added]

14 For the purposes of the present matter, the issue which we had to address
was whether costs had been wasted due to the failure of TKH’s solicitors to
conduct proceedings “with reasonable competence and expedition”. This test is
different from that prescribed under the earlier rules (pre-1991) which was
that the costs were incurred “improperly or without reasonable cause or wasted
by undue delay or by any other misconduct or default”. Thus, under the
previous rules, some element of fault must be present before costs could be
awarded against the solicitor personally. It would appear that under the
previous rules a high degree of impropriety was required to be established
before the solicitor should be made personally responsible for costs: see
Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice_ _2003_ (LexisNexis, 2002) para 59/8/1.
Under the present rules there are no references to “misconduct or default”.

15 The rationale for the provision in O 59 r 8(1) seems to us to be based
essentially on the considerations that:

(a) the law imposes a duty on solicitors to exercise reasonable care and skill
in conducting their clients’ affairs although an advocate enjoys immunity from
claims for negligence by his clients in respect of his conduct and management
of a case in court and the pre-trial work immediately connected with it; and

(b) a litigant should not be financially prejudiced by the unjustifiable
conduct of litigation by his opponent or his opponent’s solicitor.

16 In _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim Betsy_ [2001] 4 SLR 340 at [58], this court
had reaffirmed the correctness of the three-stage test conceived in _In re a
Barrister (Wasted Costs Order) (No 1 of 1991)_ [1993] QB 293 at 301 and
enunciated in _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ [1994] Ch 205 (“ _Ridehalgh_ ”) at 231
as to how the jurisdiction of the court under O 59 r 8(1) should be exercised:

(1) Has the legal representative of whom complaint is made acted improperly,
unreasonably or negligently? (2) If so, did such conduct cause the applicant
to incur unnecessary costs? (3) If so, is it in all the circumstances just to
order the legal representative to compensate the applicant for the whole or
any part of the relevant costs?

17 In England, the applicable rule (O 62 r 11 of the Rules of the Supreme
Court) between 1986 and 1991 was _in_ _pari materia_ with our O 59 r 8(1).
However, in 1991, the English rule was amended to supplement s 51 of the
Supreme Court Act 1981 (c 54). While the wording of the amended O 62 r 11
omits any reference to the words “improper”, “unreasonable” and “negligent”
found in its unamended version, it does make reference to s 51 which provides
that wasted costs may be ordered against the lawyer responsible for the waste
and the term “wasted costs” has been defined to mean, _inter alia_ , costs
incurred by a party “as a result of any improper, unreasonable or negligent
act or omission” on the part of the lawyer concerned. Hence, despite the
recent introduction of the UK Civil Procedure Rules in 2001, English cases
that interpret s 51 may still be helpful.

18 In _Ridehalgh_ , the English Court of Appeal had the occasion to consider
the meaning and scope of the three terms “improper”, “unreasonable” and
“negligent”. While we acknowledge that such terms are, by their very nature,
not amenable to precise definition, the court there did provide some very
useful guidelines. Sir Thomas Bingham MR, delivering the judgment of the
court, said (at 232–233):

The adjective [“improper”] covers, but is not confined to, conduct which would
ordinarily be held to justify disbarment, striking off, suspension from
practice or other serious professional penalty. It covers any significant
breach of a substantial duty imposed by a relevant code of professional
conduct. But it is not in our judgment limited to that. Conduct which would be
regarded as improper according to the consensus of professional (including
judicial) opinion can be fairly stigmatised as such whether or not it violates
the letter of a professional code.

… The expression [“unreasonable”] aptly describes conduct which is vexatious,
designed to harass the other side rather than advance the resolution of the
case, and it makes no difference that the conduct is the product of excessive
zeal and not improper motive. But conduct cannot be described as unreasonable
simply because it leads in the event to an unsuccessful result or because
other more cautious legal representatives would have acted differently. The
acid test is whether the conduct permits of a reasonable explanation. If so,
the course adopted may be regarded as optimistic and as reflecting on a
practitioner’s judgment, but it is not unreasonable.

...

[The term] “negligent” should be understood in an untechnical way to denote
failure to act with the competence reasonably to be expected of ordinary
members of the profession.

19 We should hasten to add that the court in _Ridehalgh_ did not think that
these three terms were mutually exclusive. It explained the overlap as follows
(at 233):

Conduct which is unreasonable may also be improper, and conduct which is
negligent will very frequently be (if it is not by definition) unreasonable.
We do not think any sharp differentiation between these expressions is useful
or necessary or intended.

20 However, as a word of caution, a solicitor should not be held to have acted
improperly or unreasonably simply because he acted for a client who has a bad
case. The role of a solicitor is to present the case for the client and it is
for the judge to adjudicate upon it. It would be different if a solicitor
should give his assistance to proceedings which are an abuse of the process.
While the line between these two situations could be fine, it should not, in
reality, be too difficult to determine on which side of the line the case
falls and if there is any doubt about it, the court should give the benefit of
the doubt to the solicitor: see _Ridehalgh_ at 234.

21 Reverting to the present case, as we have mentioned at [14] above, we need
only be concerned with that part of O 59 r 8(1) touching on costs wasted on
account of the failure on the part of the solicitors to “conduct proceedings
with reasonable competence and expedition”. While the concept of “reasonable
competence” need not in every instance imply that where reasonable competence
is not demonstrated there will be negligence, in most cases it will probably
be so.

22 The solicitor, Mr Gopinath Pillai, acting for TKH, was present before the
assistant registrar when the order was made adjudicating TKH a bankrupt. Thus,
he was fully aware that his client was a bankrupt. Under s 131(1)(_a_) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), a bankrupt “shall be incompetent to
maintain any action, other than an action for damages in respect of an injury
to his person, without the previous sanction of the Official Assignee”.

23 Of course, it does not mean that all pending actions of a party who has
become a bankrupt will lapse or abate on that account or that that the
bankrupt is required to withdraw the actions pending the obtaining of sanction
from the OA: see _Richland Trade & Development Sdn Bhd v United Malayan
Banking Corp Bhd_ [1996] 4 MLJ 233 at 242. What that party cannot do without
such a sanction is to take any further steps in the proceeding. Upon a person
being adjudicated a bankrupt, his estate, including causes of action, vests in
the OA.

24 Therefore, it was essential, in order for TKH to proceed with the
application in the present motion, that his solicitors should have applied to
the OA for the sanction and only upon receipt of the sanction should TKH and
his solicitors proceed to take further steps in the proceedings. Even
accepting Mr Gopinath Pillai’s version of the events, that he had filed the
motion papers with the Registry some hours before TKH was made a bankrupt,
once he knew of the bankruptcy order made against TKH, he should not have
taken any further steps in relation to the motion without first obtaining the
sanction of the OA. The solicitor should have realised that if the motion
should fail, UE would not be able to recover its costs from TKH, the latter
being a bankrupt.

25 TKH’s solicitors had failed to apply for any sanction until 14 April 2005
and even then they did not copy their letter to UE’s solicitors. Although the
OA replied the following day that he had no objection to TKH’s solicitors
appealing against the judgment rendered on 30 September 2004 with a condition
that one Mr Tan See Hion would bear “all the legal fees and disbursements
incurred on the matter”, the OA had, subsequently on 18 April 2005, qualified
his earlier consent. Pursuant to UE’s solicitors’ letter of reminder that the
OA could be made personally responsible for the costs ordered against a
bankrupt, the OA required, in furtherance to the condition of his consent,
that Tan See Hion put up security for costs in the sum of $40,000 by way of a
banker’s guarantee. This precondition to the consent not having been
fulfilled, there was thus no consent for TKH to proceed with OM 8/2005.

26 TKH’s solicitors sought to shift the blame to UE’s solicitors on the ground
that the latter had not previously raised the question of obtaining sanction
from the OA. We did not think there was any merit in this point. Under s 131
of the Bankruptcy Act, the party who is rendered incompetent is the party who
is made a bankrupt. It is thus the bankrupt’s duty, and in turn his
solicitors’ duty, to obtain the necessary sanction from the OA. We did not see
how TKH, and his solicitors, could justifiably turn the tables on the
respondent and say “Why did you not query me earlier?” In fact, the query did
not come from UE or its solicitors, but another source. Since the work done in
relation to the motion had gone to waste, it was only fair, since TKH could
not pay, that as between UE’s and TKH’s solicitors, the latter should bear the
loss.

27 Neither did we think the fact that the OA modified his conditional consent
by his second letter of 18 April 2005 lessened the responsibility of TKH’s
solicitors. No further steps were taken by either party during the three-day
period between 15 and 18 April 2005 (a weekend). It was only on 21 April 2005
that the solicitors of both parties filed their respective skeletal arguments
and bundles of authorities. TKH’s solicitors did not at any time, on or after
18 April 2005, notify UE’s solicitors whether the modified condition imposed
by the OA would be satisfied. Work had to be carried on by UE’s solicitors in
preparation for the motion. The position would be different if at the very
commencement of the motion the solicitors had sought and obtained the consent
of the OA and the OA had subsequently withdrawn his consent or imposed a more
onerous condition which the bankrupt, or those people who were helping him,
could not meet.

28 There are clear precedents which show that a solicitor could be held
personally liable for costs where the party for whom he acted was
incapacitated or incompetent, even in a case where the solicitor was unaware
of the disability of the client. In _Yonge v Toynbee_ [1910] 1 KB 215, a
solicitor entered a defence to an action for a client without realising that
the client had already been certified as being of unsound mind. It was
sometime later that the defendant’s incapacity came to light. The master
struck out the appearance and other steps taken by the defendant but refused
to award costs against the defendant’s solicitor personally. The judge
affirmed that decision. The English Court of Appeal reversed that decision on
the ground that the solicitor in so acting for the defendant had impliedly
warranted that he had authority to do so and should be made personally liable
to pay for the plaintiff’s costs.

29 In _Simmons v Liberal Opinion Limited_ [1911] 1 KB 966, the plaintiff took
out an action for an alleged libel in a newspaper purportedly published by the
defendant company. The solicitor entered appearance on behalf of the
defendant. It later transpired that the defendant was never incorporated nor
in existence. The solicitor for the defendant company was ordered to pay for
all the costs thrown away following the appearance entered. Fletcher Moulton
LJ, at 972, reiterated the principle that a solicitor who entered an
appearance warranted that he had the authority from his client to do so.

30 Two Malaysian cases come even closer to the facts of the present case.
First is the case of _Amos William Dawe v Development & Commercial Bank (Ltd)
Berhad_ [1981] 1 MLJ 230 (“ _Amos Dawe_ ”) where the defendant was made a
bankrupt in Singapore (and which by reciprocal arrangement was recognised in
Malaysia) even before the action was instituted. Summary judgment was obtained
by the plaintiff and the defendant appealed, including making an application
to adduce further evidence. Later, it was discovered that the defendant was a
bankrupt. The plaintiff conceded that the judgment obtained against the
defendant was of no effect. It was established that the defendant’s then
solicitors handling the case only knew of the fact of his bankruptcy on 12
September 1980. The Malaysian Federal Court struck out the appeal and ordered
that all costs incurred after 12 September 1980 be borne personally by the
solicitors.

31 The second Malaysian case is _Mohd Yusof bin Awang v Malayan Banking Bhd_
[1995] 4 MLJ 493 (“ _Mohd Yusof_ ”). That case went further than the ruling in
_Amos Dawe_. There, the first plaintiff, who was a bankrupt, a fact not known
to his solicitors, started an action with another against the two defendants.
Following _Yonge v Toynbee_ ([28] _supra_), Arifin Zakaria J held that, by
taking out the action, the solicitor was deemed to have warranted that he had
the authority to act on behalf of the first plaintiff. The solicitor was
ordered to bear the costs which were due from the first plaintiff to the
second defendant.

32 In our view, TKH’s solicitors were negligent (in the non-technical sense:
see [18] above), when they continued to take steps in relation to OM 8/2005
without first obtaining the sanction of the OA. The situation came within the
scope of O 59 r 8(1) where costs have been wasted by the failure of the
solicitors to conduct the proceedings with reasonable competence. Bankruptcy
gives rise to disability and this is a basic principle of law which every
reasonably competent solicitor would have known. In this case, there was a
lapse on the part of the solicitors acting for TKH.

33 Finally, we would add a word on a point of procedure. Order 59 r 8(2) of
the Rules of Court provides that:

No order under this Rule shall be made against a solicitor unless he has been
given a reasonable opportunity to appear before the Court and show cause why
the order should not be made …

What is required is that the solicitor should be given a reasonable
opportunity to show cause before he can be made personally liable for costs.
There is no prescribed formality. The procedure to be applied in each case
must depend on its circumstances.

34 In _Mohd Yusof_ , in answer to the argument that no notice to show cause
was given to the defaulting solicitor, Arifin J said at 497:

In my view, the party concerned may in appropriate cases, apply for such an
order at the close of the proceedings and the court may then ask the advocate
and solicitor to show cause why such an order should not be made against him.
In the case of _Mitra & Co v Thevar & Anor_ [1960] MLJ 79, Hepworth J without
any application being made called upon the appellant there and then to show
cause under O 65 r 11 why the costs incurred by the plaintiff there should not
be disallowed as between solicitor and client and also why he should not repay
to his client the costs awarded to the defendant in the action. On appeal,
even though the order of Hepworth J against the advocate and solicitor was
reversed, Thomson CJ noted with approval the procedure adopted by Hepworth J.
Further support may be found in what was said by Scott LJ in _Brendon v Spiro_
[1938] 1 KB 176 at p 192:

But in my view there is no rule of procedure which affects the judge’s
jurisdiction. The summary jurisdiction which he possessed over the solicitors
as officers of the court is, for the reasons I have already given, clear. I
think it was for him to exercise his own discretion as to the appropriate
procedure, taking care that the solicitor[s], who were in the position of
respondents to the application, should have due notice of what the claim was
against them, and sufficient opportunity to meet the claim in any way that was
reasonably necessary.

This jurisdiction of the court is exercisable summarily upon application by
originating summons, or motion or summons, or at the hearing of the
proceedings. (See 44 _Halsbury[’s] Laws of England_ (4th Ed) para 252).

From the above authorities it may be gleaned that the court’s jurisdiction
over the matter is summary in nature and may even be made at the hearing of
the proceedings itself, as it was done in the present case. The court,
however, in exercising such jurisdiction should ensure that the advocate and
solicitor against whom the application was made had due notice of the claim
and he had sufficient opportunity to meet the claim as is reasonably
necessary.

35 The facts in this case were straightforward. Mr Gopinath Pillai knew the
full facts of the case as he was the solicitor in charge of it. He was present
before the court and was given an opportunity to explain himself. As indicated
in [26] above, he even sought to lessen his own default by stating that the
opposing solicitor did not raise the question of obtaining sanction from the
OA earlier. It was after hearing both parties that we made the order.

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the dissenting judgment):

36 I have read the judgment of my learned brother, Chao JA, in respect of the
order of costs made against the applicant’s solicitors personally and now set
out below my reasons for my disagreement with it. The applicant was one of
three defendants in Suit No 13 of 2004. There, the plaintiff, now the
respondent, succeeded in its action against all three defendants. The
applicant did not appeal within the time permitted for appeal and, by this
motion, sought leave of this court to file his notice of appeal out of time.
The applicant was, however, adjudicated a bankrupt at 3.00pm on the same day
that this motion was filed, that is, 25 February 2005. There is some
uncertainty as to the precise time the application was filed and whether it
was before or after the bankruptcy adjudication order, bearing in mind that if
the applicant left the papers with the court’s registry, he may not know when
they were actually filed electronically, which, in this case, was recorded as
7.26pm. The facts as to the sequence were not clearly established, but, for
the reasons set out below, were not crucial.

37 The sanction or consent of the Official Assignee was not obtained until 15
April 2005. This motion was scheduled for hearing on 25 April 2005. After the
applicant’s solicitors were alerted to the omission in obtaining the Official
Assignee’s consent, they wrote to the Official Assignee on 15 April 2005 and
received a reply on the same day stating:

We write to inform you that the Official Assignee has no objection to your
acting for the insolvent person in the appeal against the Judgment in Suit No
13/2004C entered against him provided that Mr Tan See Hion bears all the legal
fees and disbursements incurred in this matter.

The respondent’s solicitors then wrote twice on 18 April 2005 to the Official
Assignee, the first time asking for an undertaking as to costs, and the second
telling him that “there [is] a long line of authorities stating that the
Official Assignee shall be personally liable for any costs ordered against a
bankrupt”. Consequently, the Official Assignee wrote on the same day to the
applicant’s solicitors asking that the applicant provide security for costs by
way of a cashier’s order or a banker’s guarantee in the sum of $40,000, a
figure proposed by the respondent’s solicitors. A second letter was sent by
the Official Assignee on 21 April 2005 asking that payment of the security be
made by 4.00pm the next day (22 April 2005). At the hearing on 25 April 2005,
the solicitors for the applicant informed the court that no payment had been
made at the close of business on Friday 22 April 2005, and thus, the applicant
would not be able to proceed because the Official Assignee’s consent was
deemed withdrawn. The motion was consequently struck out. No issue arose from
that order. But counsel for the respondent then asked that costs be ordered
against the applicant’s solicitors personally, citing, as reasons, the
applicant’s delay in obtaining the consent of the Official Assignee and the
fact that an order of costs against the applicant would unlikely be satisfied
by reason of his bankruptcy. Costs of $1,500 were ordered by this court
against the applicant’s solicitors personally. I set out below my reasons, not
against the award of costs or the quantum, but only against the narrow issue
of making the order of costs against the solicitors personally in this case.

38 The failure to obtain the consent of the Official Assignee is fatal to any
application by a bankrupt. By the same token, the consent, once given, permits
the bankrupt to proceed. In this case, the Official Assignee initially granted
an unconditional sanction to the applicant, and only imposed a condition after
the respondent’s solicitors gave notice that it would look to the Official
Assignee for costs personally. The condition was not imposed on the
applicant’s solicitors but on the applicant himself; so when the condition was
not satisfied, there was no reason to hold the applicant’s solicitors
personally responsible. What could the solicitors for the applicant have done
in the circumstances? The fact that the Official Assignee had given consent is
significant. He was entitled to refuse to grant his sanction on the very
ground that the respondent’s solicitors complained of, namely, that the
request for sanction was made late. It is arguable whether a one and a half
months’ delay might be considered late (the full account was not before the
court), but that question was not asked. Once the Official Assignee has given
his sanction, any question arising from the prejudice, if any, to the
respondent as to costs, must be directed not at the delay in seeking the
Official Assignee’s sanction, but at the granting of the sanction. It is also
undisputed that until the morning of the hearing on 25 April 2005, the
respondent’s solicitors were looking to the Official Assignee personally for
costs. It would thus be wrong to focus on the question of whether the
solicitor knew that his client was a bankrupt at the time he filed the motion
for the simple reason that had the applicant provided the security required by
the Official Assignee, there would have been no question of an order of costs
against the solicitor personally.

39 The authorities cited in support of the award of costs against the
solicitor personally in the majority judgment, namely the Malaysian cases of
_Amos William Dawe v Development & Commercial Bank (Ltd) Berhad_ [1981] 1 MLJ
230, and _Mohd Yusof bin Awang v Malayan Banking Bhd_ [1995] 4 MLJ 493 (“
_Mohd_ _Yusof_ ”) differed significantly in that in those cases the Official
Assignee’s consent was never obtained at all. The principle that the Malaysian
courts applied was the principle enunciated in the English authorities,
notably, _Yonge v Toynbee_ [1910] 1 KB 215, that in such cases, the solicitor
“is deemed to have warranted that he had the authority to act” (_per_ Arifin
Zakaria J in _Mohd Yusof_ at 499).

40 That the abovementioned point, or any other points that the applicant’s
solicitors might have argued, was not fully made at the hearing may be
indicative that the applicant’s solicitors had not been given a reasonable
opportunity to show cause under O 59 r 8(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2004 Rev Ed) which provides that:

No order under this Rule shall be made against a solicitor unless he has been
given a reasonable opportunity to appear before the Court and show cause why
the order should not be made, except where any proceedings in Court or in
Chambers cannot conveniently proceed, and fails or is adjourned without useful
progress being made —

(_a_) because of the failure of the solicitor to attend in person or by a
proper representative; or

(_b_) because of the failure of the solicitor to deliver any document for the
use of the Court which ought to have been delivered or to be prepared with any
proper evidence or account or otherwise to proceed.

41 _Mohd Yusof_ was a case in which the court appeared to have relied on the
inherent jurisdiction of the court when it approved the passage from Scott
LJ’s judgment in _Brendon v Spiro_ [1938] 1 KB 176, in which Scott J held, at
192:

But in my view there is no rule of procedure which affects the judge’s
jurisdiction. The summary jurisdiction which he possessed over the solicitors
as officers of the Court is, for the reasons I have already given, clear. I
think it was for him to exercise his own discretion as to the appropriate
procedure, taking care that the solicitors, who were in the position of
respondents to the application, should have due notice of what the claim was
against them, and sufficient opportunity to meet the claim in any way that was
reasonably necessary.

There appears to be no Malaysian or English equivalent to our O 59 r 8(2).
Nonetheless, the basic necessity of giving notice of the case and providing
reasonable opportunity to respond have been fully endorsed in both of those
jurisdictions. What constitutes reasonable opportunity within the meaning of O
59 r 8(2) will depend on the individual circumstances of the case. It is not
clear what form the application against the solicitors in _Mohd Yusof_ took,
or how much time was given for them to respond.

42 In the present case, I do not think that the mere fact that the solicitor
was present when the application for costs against him personally was made
(for the first time) constituted adequate notice. If no other form of prior
notice was given, as it appears in this case, the presence of the applicant’s
solicitor in court only made the ambush by the respondent’s counsel possible.
Had the former not been present in court, a notice of the application for
costs against him personally would have to be served, setting out the grounds
and under what limb of O 59 r 8(1) the application was made. The notice would
also have to state whether, and how, in the words of that rule, costs had been
“incurred unreasonably or improperly” or whether costs had been “wasted by
failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition”.
These are two separate grounds. Unreasonable and improper conduct is not the
same as a failure to conduct proceedings with competence and expedition,
although they may share some common features such as doing something which
reasonably ought not to be done, or failing to do something which reasonably
ought to be done. But even so, such act or omission alone is not normally
grounds for making the solicitor pay costs personally. Any principle in
respect of which such orders might be made must be broad and capable of
general application without leading the court to constantly draw distinctions
on the facts so as to avoid the obvious harshness of the rule. It is
unfortunate that the word “ _negligent_ ” had been slipped into the
interpretation of O 59 r 8(1) when that word was not part of our statutory
language. Consequently, the notion of negligence in an “untechnical way” had
to be introduced to distinguish this negligence from the common law negligence
when in substance, it was just another way of expressing “a failure to act
with the _competence reasonably_ to be expected of ordinary members of the
profession” [emphasis added] _per_ Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Ridehalgh v
Horsefield_ [1994] Ch 205 at 233.

43 Hence, it was important for the applicant’s solicitors to know precisely
what conduct was complained of. Unfortunately, it was not clear in this case.
If the complaint was that the solicitors had acted without the sanction of the
Official Assignee, then, as explained above, that omission had been corrected
when the Official Assignee gave his consent. In the circumstances of the
present case, it was unclear what the applicant’s solicitors were obliged to
have done. In other words, what could they have done to avert the situation of
their client (or their client’s guarantor) not being able to provide the
security subsequently imposed by the Official Assignee that was required to be
complied with on a day’s notice? What, in the present circumstances, was the
unreasonable or improper conduct of the applicant’s solicitors? If, on the
other hand, they were penalised for wasted costs (the second limb of r 8(1)),
it was not shown in what way the applicant’s solicitors had failed to conduct
the proceedings with reasonable competence or expedition. If the complaint was
that the applicant’s solicitors were “negligent” in an “untechnical way” –
that was not in fact the complaint – then the solicitors ought to have been
given time to argue that there is no such concept under O 59 r 8(1). If the
complaint was that they did not apply for the Official Assignee’s consent with
reasonable expedition, the fact that such consent was in fact given, meant
that the Official Assignee did not consider that to be an issue. The Official
Assignee was expected to exercise his discretion properly and judiciously. No
one is deprived of his legal rights just because he has become a bankrupt, and
it is not only the duty of the Official Assignee to see that a bankrupt does
not make unreasonable requests to commence or maintain proceedings, it is also
the Official Assignee’s duty to see that a bankrupt is not prejudiced by his
bankruptcy from pursuing his lawful claims. The fact that the court might
ultimately dismiss his claim is not a sufficient ground for holding that the
Official Assignee was wrong to have given his consent. These are two separate
levels of inquiry. The Official Assignee must not be deterred from his
responsibility merely by the prospects of costs being awarded against him,
which, in any event, would not normally be done unless strong evidence exists
to show that he clearly ought not to have given his consent. Similarly, a
solicitor must not be deterred from his duty to advance his client’s case,
which might be the case if the consent of the Official Assignee is not
regarded as sufficient to absolve him from any potential personal liability
for costs should the consent be subsequently withdrawn.

44 The procedure for making an order of costs against a solicitor personally
as envisaged in O 59 r 8(2) requires the party seeking such an order to adduce
strong _prima facie_ evidence to justify making the solicitor concerned show
cause as to why such an order should not be made. The solicitor in question is
entitled to challenge this application. But should the court agree that there
is strong _prima facie_ evidence, then, and only then, would the solicitor in
question be asked to show cause (and be given a reasonable opportunity to do
so). In that event, the burden of proof shifts to the solicitor in question to
show cause. The gist of this procedure as extracted from the authorities cited
is set out at para 59/8/3 of _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2003) as follows:

Before making an order that a solicitor be personally liable for costs, the
court may, if it thinks fit, refer the matter (except in the case of undue
delay in the drawing up of, or in any proceedings under, any order or judgment
which the registrar has reported to the court) to the registrar for inquiry
and report, and the court may direct the solicitor in the first place to show
cause before the registrar. The court may not make an order that a solicitor
be personally liable for costs unless the solicitor has been given a
reasonable opportunity to appear before the court and show cause why the order
should not be made. In making a show cause order of this nature, the court has
to balance two important public interests. The first is that solicitors should
not be deterred from pursuing their clients’ interest by fear of incurring a
personal liability to their clients’ opponents. The second is that litigants
should not be financially prejudiced by the unjustifiable conduct of
litigation by their or their opponents’ solicitors: _Ridehalgh v. Horsefield &
Anor._ [1994] Ch. 205, CA (England)_,_ approved by the Court of Appeal in
_Tang Liang Hong v. Lee Kuan Yew & Anor. and other appeals_ [1998] 1 S.L.R.
97, CA. …

45 A show cause procedure is therefore different from an application for
costs, which normally follows the event, unless the circumstances justify a
different order as to costs. An order against a solicitor to pay costs
personally does not normally follow the event and is not a parcel of any
circumstances concerning the merits of the litigant’s case. It is an
accusation against a solicitor which is connected, but only in a collateral
sense, to the merits of the litigant’s case. Hence, the importance of the need
for a reasonable opportunity to show cause. In the present instance, the
application by the respondent’s solicitors was a mangled version in which the
main arguments revolved around the two questions: namely, whether the
applicant’s solicitors knew that their client was a bankrupt when the motion
was filed, and secondly, whether the respondent’s solicitors’ letter to the
Official Assignee (asking for security for costs) was copied to the
applicant’s solicitors. The critical question as to the applicant’s
solicitors’ purported unreasonable or improper conduct, or their incompetence
or failure to act expeditiously resulting in wasted costs, was not engaged.
The importance of a strict adherence to the rules lies in the universal
application of those rules – in all cases – so that (and especially in
complicated cases) the solicitors concerned may be given a fair and reasonable
opportunity to answer the allegations made against them.

46 For these reasons, I am of the opinion that the order for costs should not
have been made against the applicant’s solicitors personally.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

