Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohd Halmi bin Hamid and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGCA 56

Case Number | : | Cr App 5/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Aqbal Singh (Unilegal LLC) and R Gupta (A Zamzam and Co) for the first appellant; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid and Co) and Zaminder Singh Gill (Hilborne and Company) for the second appellant; Cheng Howe Ming and Deborah Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohd Halmi bin Hamid; Mohamad bin Ahmad — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Trafficking in
controlled drugs – Whether offence made out – Whether knowledge of identity of
intended recipient of drugs essential requirement of offence – Whether
presumption of trafficking under s 17 of Act may be used in conjunction with
presumptions of possession under s 18 of Act – Sections 17, 18(1), 18(2)
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

9 December 2005

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This case began with the joint trial of three persons accused of trafficking
in 75.56g of diamorphine. The charges against the first and third accused were
for abetment of trafficking by the second accused. At the end of the trial the
court convicted the first and second accused, now the first and second
appellants respectively, but acquitted the third. The convicted persons
appealed against their convictions but before us, Mr Aqbal Singh, counsel for
the first appellant, informed us that he was instructed to make no submissions
on behalf of his client. We proceeded to hear Mr Ismail Hamid, counsel for the
second appellant, and not being persuaded, we dismissed the appeal of the
second appellant. There being no submissions on behalf of the first appellant,
and we were satisfied from the record that there were no merits in the appeal,
we also dismissed the appeal of the first appellant. We now set out the
grounds of our decision in respect of our dismissal of the second appellant’s
appeal.

2 The facts as found by the trial judge were as follows. The second appellant
was under surveillance by the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) on 7 January
2004. He drove to Yishun Ring Road at about 11.30am and parked near Block 108.
He left the car and entered the lift at Block 108 empty-handed, but emerged a
few minutes later with a white plastic bag. He returned to his car and drove
away. He was arrested at the junction of Yishun Ring Road and Yishun Avenue 2.
The white plastic bag was recovered from the rear floorboard behind the front
passenger seat. Another party of CNB officers arrested the first appellant at
11.40am at Block 106 Yishun Ring Road. The third accused was arrested at
2.20pm along Serangoon North Avenue 1.

3 The Prosecution’s case against the three accused were founded on the
statements given by them to the CNB officers. The key evidence was that of the
second appellant who stated that he collected the drugs from the first
appellant on the instructions given to him by the third accused. The first
appellant admitted in his statements that he had given the drugs to the second
appellant at Block 108. The sequence of events was elaborated in the
statements of the second appellant as follows. He stated that at 10.00am of 7
January 2004, the third accused telephoned him and told him to collect
something from the first appellant at Yishun. About half an hour later, the
second appellant received another call on his handphone but he did not know
who the caller was. He spoke in Malay and told the second appellant to go to
Block 108 at Yishun and to wait at the carpark near the lift. When the second
appellant arrived at the carpark, he received another call from the man and
was instructed to wait ten minutes before taking the lift to the fifth floor.
At the fifth floor, the first appellant entered the lift and gave the second
appellant a white plastic bag. No words were exchanged between them. The first
appellant got off on the fourth floor and the second appellant returned to his
car where he telephoned the third accused and asked him who the bag was for.
He was told to wait for the third accused’s call. But the second appellant was
arrested before any further contact could be made. On these straightforward
facts the trial judge convicted the first and second appellant, but acquitted
the third accused on the ground that the only evidence against him was the
unreliable evidence of the second appellant.

4 On appeal before us, Mr Ismail Hamid, counsel for the second appellant,
submitted that the evidence did not indicate that the second appellant had any
intention to part with the drugs because he had not yet received any clear
indication as to who he was going to hand the drugs to. Moreover, he contended
that the second appellant had no knowledge that he was carrying prohibited
drugs. On the latter point, the evidence upon which the trial judge acted on
included the second appellant’s own evidence that he had suspected that he was
carrying drugs and had the opportunity to examine the contents of the bag. He
merely opened the bag and looked at it without examining the contents. The
clear finding of fact by the trial judge that convicted the appellant is
encapsulated in this passage from his Grounds of Decision ([2005] 4 SLR 200 at
[37]):

By his own evidence, the second [appellant] was transporting the drugs for
delivery on the instructions of the third accused or Zali. The drugs were not
his and were not intended for his own consumption. When he transported the
drugs, he was trafficking them.

We see no reason to disturb the findings of fact by the trial judge nor his
conclusion that the second appellant was guilty of trafficking. Since the
amount of diamorphine involved was more than 15g, the mandatory death penalty
applied and was so pronounced by the trial judge. For these reasons, we
dismissed the appeal of the second appellant. However, in the course of
delivering his grounds the trial judge referred to the statutory presumptions
under ss 17 and 18 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) which we must address. We are mindful that neither party addressed that
point before us (it was unnecessary for either side). However, as it is an
important point and since the court below had expressed a definite opinion
upon which our comment is necessary, we would proceed to do so.

5 The two principal offences under the Act are possession (under s 8) and
trafficking (under s 5) in controlled drugs. Section 5(1) creates the offence
of trafficking while s 5(2) expands the definition of trafficking to include
the situation in which a person is in possession of controlled drugs “for the
purpose of trafficking”. Possession in such circumstances amounts to
trafficking. As in any crime, the Prosecution is obliged to prove its case,
and that includes every aspect of the elements that constitute the offence,
beyond reasonable doubt. Conventionally, therefore, the Prosecution has to
prove the fact of possession for the purposes of trafficking if it wishes to
secure a conviction of trafficking under s 5(2). In this regard, Parliament
has legislated, under s 17 of the Act, a presumption in favour of the
Prosecution to the effect that:

Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than 2 grammes of
diamorphine [the controlled drug involved in this case] … shall be presumed to
have had that drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking unless it is
proved that his possession of that drug was not for that purpose.

This presumption under s 17 is thus a presumption of trafficking incorporating
both the mental element as well as the physical act constituting the crime of
trafficking in a controlled drug – see _Lee Ngin Kiat v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 511
at 517, [22] where Yong Pung How CJ held that “it presumes both actus reus and
mens rea to be present once possession is proved”. Section 18 provides two
different presumptions, both of which are in relation to possession. They are
not presumptions in respect of trafficking. Section 18(1)(_a_) states that:

Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or under his
control anything containing a controlled drug [a white plastic bag in this
case] shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug
in his possession.

It is not necessary to refer to ss 18(1)(_b_) to 18(1)(_d_) because they refer
to other situations to be covered, but the principles concerning s 18(1)(_a_)
will apply to them similarly. Section 18(2) provides that:

Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

Section 18 was clearly intended to cover the situation in which a person is
found in possession of anything, say, a bag or container, in which controlled
drugs were kept but were not visible to the eye. The interlocking provisions
in ss 18(1) and 18(2) presume not only that that person was in possession of
the controlled drugs in the bag or container, but also that he knew the nature
of that controlled drug or drugs. These two presumptions shift the burden of
proving that the person concerned either was not in possession of the
controlled drugs or that he did not know that they were controlled drugs, to
that person who had been proved to be in possession of the thing that
contained the controlled drugs.

6 A person who is presumed by virtue of s 18 to be in possession of controlled
drugs would be guilty of an offence of possession of controlled drugs (unless
he can prove otherwise). That person may be guilty of an offence of
trafficking in those drugs if the Prosecution proves any act of trafficking as
defined in s 2 of the Act. This was precisely the case before us. The evidence
showed that the second appellant took delivery of a bag containing
diamorphine, a controlled drug, and by virtue of s 18 he was presumed to be in
possession of that drug, and that he knew the nature of that drug. He took
delivery with the intention of delivering them to another party, and by that
act he was trafficking within the meaning of s 2 of the Act which defines
“traffic” and “trafficking” in drugs to mean –

(_a_) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(_b_) to offer to do anything mentioned in para (_a_).

There was no necessity or basis for applying the presumption in s 17 in this
case. If the capital charge of trafficking is not strictly proved either with
the aid of s 17 or directly by proving trafficking within the meaning of s 2
of a quantity of controlled drugs within the capital range set out in the
Second Schedule of the Act, then the person concerned would only be guilty of
possession if s 18 applies. Mr Ismail argued before us that there was no
specific or named recipient because the second appellant was waiting for
instructions as to who he should deliver the drugs to. The actions under s 2
that constitute trafficking are capable of application in a very wide range of
situations and circumstances. In the case of delivery, all that is envisaged
is that there was an intention to hand the drugs to another person, but there
is no requirement that the recipient must be known or identified. In other
circumstances, an act otherwise falling within the meaning of trafficking may
not constitute trafficking under s 2, such as that envisaged by Lord Diplock
in _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_ [1980–1981] SLR 48 at 58, [12], if, say, that person
was transporting drugs from one place to another intending to use the drugs
for his own consumption.

7 In his Grounds of Decision ([4] _supra_ at [34]), the trial judge expressed
the view that “the presumption under s 18(2) can apply together with a
presumption under s 17”. He seemed to be of the view that if a person is
proved to be in possession of a controlled drug, then, by virtue of s 18(2) he
is presumed to know the nature of the drugs, and then, by applying the
presumption in s 17, he is presumed to be in possession for the purposes of
trafficking. The presumption under s 17, as the Act itself provides in the
heading to that section, is a presumption in respect of trafficking; whereas,
the presumptions under s 18, as the Act provides in the heading to s 18, are
presumptions in respect of possession. We agree with the observation of Lord
Reid in _Director of Public Prosecutions v Schildkamp_ (1969) 3 All ER 1640 at
1641 that “it would be more realistic to accept the Act as printed as being
the product of the whole legislative process, and to give due weight to
everything found in the printed Act”. This view has since been expressed in s
9A(3) of our Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). For convenience, we set
out ss 9A(2) and 9A(3):

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
may be given to that material —

(_a_) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(_b_) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when —

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may
be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a
written law shall include —

(_a_) all matters not forming part of the written law that are set out in the
document containing the text of the written law as printed by the Government
Printer; …

8 The presumption in s 17 applies only in situations where a person is, in the
words of this court in _Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 253, “proved” to
be in possession of controlled drugs, but apart from mere possession, had not
done any of the acts constituting trafficking as set out in s 2. It is
contrary to the principles of statutory interpretation, and even more so, the
interpretation of a criminal statute, especially one in which the death
penalty is involved, to combine presumptions from two sections in an Act each
serving a different function – in this case, shifting the burden of proof in
one with regard to possession and the other, in regard to trafficking.
Possession and trafficking are distinct offences under the Act, although
possession may lead to the more serious charge of trafficking, while,
trafficking itself might conceivably be committed without actual possession.
The danger of mixing the s 17 and s 18 presumptions was anticipated by this
court in some of its previous decisions which were not brought to the
attention of the trial judge below because this was not an issue before him.
The decision of this court in _Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP_ expressed the view
that for the s 17 presumption to apply, it must first be proved that the
accused knew that he was in possession of the drugs. L P Thean JA held at 260,
[17]–[18]:

It is settled law that the presumption under s 17 only arises where possession
of the drugs (not mere physical possession) has been proved: see _Low Kok Wai
v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 676 and _PP v Wan Yue Kong & Ors_ [1995] 1 SLR 417.

But, in this case, it is not necessary to invoke the presumption under s 17
_and hence there is no need for the prosecution to prove possession of the
drugs in the sense that the appellant knew that what he was carrying were
drugs_. The material facts were that at the material time he was carrying a
white plastic bag and was bringing it from the car park to the void deck with
a view to delivering it to the male Chinese, and that bag contained drugs, the
subject matter of the charge. On these facts, the presumptions under s 18(1)
and (2) arise.

[emphasis added]

The accused in _Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP_ failed to persuade the trial judge
that he was carrying counterfeit money in the white plastic bag and was
convicted. The conviction was upheld by this court which also held that the
application of s 17 was inappropriate where the presumptions under s 18 and an
act constituting trafficking under s 2 had been proved, as was the case there.

9 This court also referred to the application of s 17 in _Low Kok Wai v PP_ ,
but was there considering the effect of the amendment to s 17 whereby the
words “or presumed” were deleted after the February 1990 statutory amendment.
Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) held at 683, [37]:

Parliament must have intended that the presumption of trafficking in s 17 was
only to apply where a person was proved to be in possession of a controlled
drug and not merely presumed to be in possession of a controlled drug.

Chao J continued by holding that:

In our judgment, Parliament, by deleting the words ‘or presumed’ had shown
abundantly that it did not intend to create a situation of triple presumption,
namely, by linking ss 18(1), 18(2) and 17.

The court stopped there, but for reasons set out above, we now extend and hold
that it could not have been the Legislature’s intention to have a crossover
application of the presumptions under ss 17 and 18(2). Section 18(2) was a
logical and direct complement to s 18(1); it is not an auxiliary provision to
s 17. The phrase “proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession” in s 18(2) has a perfectly logical sense in the structure of the
Act and in its proper place within s 18. That section provides the statutory
presumptions of possession and knowledge of the nature of the controlled drugs
found in any container where the drugs were not obvious to view. It clearly
needed to apply to situations where the drugs were found in the possession of
a person and were not obvious to view, in which event, it would be open to the
trial judge to find as a fact that those drugs have been proven to be in the
physical possession of that person. Hence, the phrase “proved or presumed to
have had a controlled drug in his possession” in s 18(2) shifts the burden of
proof to that person to show that he did not know the nature of the drugs and
it may, therefore, not be sufficient for him to say merely, that he did not
know that the drugs found in his room were in fact drugs. He will have to
persuade the judge that he truly did not know. If he fails to rebut the s 18
presumptions he would be liable to a conviction for possession, unless an act
of trafficking, as defined in s 2, is proved against him, in which event, he
would be liable to a conviction for trafficking. If, a person is proved to
know (as opposed to presumed to know) the nature of the drugs in his
possession, then the presumption under s 17 applies and he would be liable to
a conviction for trafficking even though he did not commit any act
constituting the act of trafficking defined in s 2.

10 The statutory presumption under s 17 being a presumption in respect of
trafficking with the possibility that the death penalty might be imposed, must
be read strictly. It is a provision to facilitate the application of s 5(2),
whereas s 18 concerned presumptions in respect of the possession of controlled
drugs, which (possession) is another principal (though not capital) offence
under the Act. The Legislature would have made it clear had it wanted s 5(2)
to be further reinforced by means of s 18(2). In the absence of such an
express intention, we think it best to keep the presumptions under s 18
separate from that in s 17, as has always been the case. A person who is to be
condemned to death under this Act must at least be proven to know that he had
controlled drugs in his possession. For the reasons above, the appeals were
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

