Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Shaifudin  
[2005] SGHC 66

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 5/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christina Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the petitioner; The respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Shaifudin   
  
Criminal Law – Petition for revision – Setting aside conviction procured on
basis of false identity – Section 23 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed) – Sections 266(1) and 268(1) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  

6 April 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was a petition by the Public Prosecutor to set aside the respondent’s
conviction, which was procured on the basis of a false identity that the
respondent had assumed. I set aside the respondent’s conviction and sentence
for the reasons given below.

**The facts**

2 The respondent, one Raja Izzuwin, was wanted by the Singapore Civil Defence
Force (“SCDF”) for being absent without leave. On 15 October 2004 at about
1.45am, during a routine police spot check at Duxton Road, the police asked
the respondent for his particulars. In order to avoid detection, he assumed
the identity of one “Shaifudin”. He provided the identity card number of
“Shaifudin” verbally to the police, claiming he did not have his identity card
in his possession.

3 Unknown to the respondent, the said “Shaifudin” was also wanted for a total
of 12 parking-related summonses issued by the Urban Redevelopment Authority
(“URA”) and the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”). A screening with the
Divisional Operations Room by the police of the particulars given by the
respondent revealed that 12 warrants of arrest had been issued against
“Shaifudin” for failing to turn up in court on various dates to answer to the
summonses.

4 As a result, the respondent was placed under arrest and conveyed to the
Central Police Division Headquarters, and an arrest report was lodged against
him. The respondent maintained his assumed identity in the lock-up and
provided the identity card number and residential address of “Shaifudin” to
the Charge Office staff, who recorded the information in the Charge Book. The
respondent was then searched, but no identification papers were found on him.

5 At about 9.00am that same day, the respondent was produced in Court No 14 of
the Subordinate Courts. The charges by the HDB and the URA against “Shaifudin”
were read and explained to the respondent and he confirmed that he understood
the same. The case was adjourned to 18 October 2004, when the respondent was
again produced in Court No 14. The respondent admitted to the facts of the
case without qualification and pleaded guilty to all 12 charges in the
summonses. In mitigation, he pleaded for leniency on the basis that it was his
first offence and both his parents had passed away. It was established that
“Shaifudin’s” parents had indeed passed away.

6 The respondent was accordingly sentenced to pay a fine of $7,200, with 36
days’ imprisonment in default. The respondent was unable to pay the fine and
was thus ordered to serve the default sentence at the Queenstown Remand Prison
(“QRP”), where his true identity was discovered on 10 November 2004 to be that
of Raja Izzuwin. On 11 November 2004, the respondent was arrested at the QRP
for the offence of being absent without leave under s 48(1) of the Civil
Defence Act (Cap 42, 2001 Rev Ed).

7 The respondent admitted that he had assumed the identity of his friend
“Shaifudin” in order to avoid arrest, as he knew that he (Raja Izzuwin) was
wanted by the SCDF. On 10 December 2004, the respondent pleaded guilty to the
charge by the SCDF against him under s 48(1) of the Civil Defence Act and was
sentenced to 11 months’ imprisonment. On 11 March 2005, the respondent also
pleaded guilty to one charge of giving false information under s 182 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), and two charges of false personation under
s 205 of the Penal Code. Ten other charges of false personation under s 205 of
the Penal Code were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing,
and the respondent was sentenced to a total of four months and three weeks’
imprisonment for the charges under the Penal Code.

8 The Public Prosecutor thus petitioned for the erroneous conviction recorded
against the respondent in regard to the parking summonses to be set aside. At
the time of the hearing before me, the respondent was serving his prison
sentence for his own offence of being absent without leave, and the real
“Shaifudin” was still at large.

**Setting aside the conviction**

9 The revisionary powers of the High Court are conferred by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). Pursuant to s
266(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”):

The High Court may call for and examine the record of any criminal proceeding
before any subordinate court for the purpose of satisfying itself as to the
correctness, legality or propriety of any finding, sentence or order recorded
or passed and as to the regularity of any proceedings of that subordinate
court.

10 The High Court’s revisionary powers are to facilitate its supervisory and
superintending jurisdiction over criminal proceedings before a subordinate
court so as to correct, if necessary, a miscarriage of justice arising from
any of the grounds stated in s 266 of the CPC: _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 3
SLR 28, _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR 362. In addition, under s
268(1) of the CPC, the court may exercise any of the powers conferred by ss
251, 255, 256 and 257 of the CPC, which include reversing a conviction passed
by the lower courts.

11 The principles governing revision are well established, and it suffices to
restate that in order to attract the exercise of the court’s revisionary
jurisdiction, there must be serious injustice, or a fundamental error
occasioning a clear failure of justice: _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326,
_Magnum Finance Bhd v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 523.

12 This court has in several cases found a failure of justice to exist where a
person has been convicted “despite the obvious absence of an essential
constituent of the offence concerned”: _Ng Kim Han v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 293 at
[10], _Abdul Aziz bin Ahtam v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 96. For example, petitions for
criminal revision have been allowed where the Statement of Facts did not
disclose all the necessary elements of the offence: see _Chen Hock Heng
Textile Printing Pte Ltd v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 745.

13 In the recent case of _Abdul Munaf bin Mohd Ismail v PP_ [2004] SGHC 4, the
petitioner, charged as Kathar Abdul Gafoor, had admitted without qualification
to the Statement of Facts, which stated, _inter alia_ , that he was an Indian
national who had entered Singapore unlawfully by passing himself off as one
Malaysian named Abdul Munaf bin Mohd Ismail using a photo-substituted
Malaysian restricted passport. The petitioner pleaded guilty to the charge
under s 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed) for entering
Singapore without a valid pass and was convicted and sentenced to two months’
imprisonment and fined $2,000. He paid the fine and was serving his term of
imprisonment when he petitioned to set aside his conviction and sentence. He
produced six other old passports bearing the name of Abdul Munaf and a
document which he said was his certificate of registration of citizenship in
Malaysia. On the evidence, Choo Han Teck J was satisfied that the petitioner
was probably Abdul Munaf, and set aside the conviction and sentence of the
petitioner who was convicted in the name of Kathar Abdul Gafoor.

14 The present case is most unusual and the first of its kind to come before
this court. The respondent had memorised “Shaifudin’s” particulars well and
was even able to provide “Shaifudin’s” six-digit postal code to the police
verbally. His mitigation plea was also consistent with “Shaifudin’s” family
circumstances.

15 It is not uncommon for people to try and evade detection or arrest by
assuming a false or different identity. However, due to the respondent’s
convincing and well-executed charade, the respondent’s identity was not
verified before he was produced in court to face the parking charges against
“Shaifudin”. Nevertheless, to prevent the recurrence of a case such as the
present one, proper measures ought to be taken in future to verify the
identity of arrested and/or accused persons.

16 I found it mystifying as to why the respondent maintained his assumed
identity and pleaded guilty to the parking offences despite the fact that they
were not committed by him; presumably, the respondent chose to do so as the
penalty for parking summonses was far less serious than that for being absent
from duty without leave.

17 It is trite law that the fact that a petitioner pleaded guilty of his own
accord is not a bar to the exercise of the court’s revisionary power. The fact
that a plea of guilt has been entered means only that the accused loses his
right to appeal against his conviction pursuant to s 244 of the CPC, and an
application by way of criminal revision is the only means by which the accused
can have a wrongful conviction set aside: _Ng Kim Han v PP_ ([12], _supra_).

18 In the circumstances of the present case, which led to the petition for
revision being brought by the Public Prosecutor, the respondent’s plea of
guilt clearly did not prevent the court from exercising its powers of
revision. Since the respondent did not commit the parking offences, his plea
of guilt was invalid.

19 The correct identity of an accused is surely the paramount factor in the
soundness of the conviction against him. Therefore, the conviction based on
the mistaken identity of the respondent was fundamentally erroneous and
amounted to a miscarriage of justice, whether or not the mistake was brought
about by the respondent himself.

20 Accordingly, I set aside the respondent’s conviction and sentence for the
12 parking-related offences and summonses.

Petition allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

