Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Quek Hong Yap v Quek Bee Leng and Others  
[2005] SGHC 111

Case Number | : | OS 1814/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ignatius Joseph (A Rajandran, Joseph and Nayar) for the plaintiff; Simon Jones and Diana Ho (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Quek Hong Yap — Quek Bee Leng; Quak Bee Hong; Quak Hong Tian   
  
Companies – Oppression – Defendants refusing to purchase plaintiff's shares in
company – Whether defendants' refusal to purchase plaintiff's shares
constituting oppressive conduct – Section 216(1)(a) Companies Act (Cap 50,
1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Companies – Oppression – Whether alleged oppression continuing up to date of
proceedings – Whether plaintiff's claims within ambit of s 216(1)(a) Companies
Act – Section 216(1)(a) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

23 June 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Quek Hong Yap (“Hong Yap”), a shareholder of the company,
Quek Teck Beng Canvas Pte Ltd, sued his younger siblings, Quek Bee Leng (“Bee
Leng”), Quak Bee Hong (“Bee Hong”) and Quak Hong Tian (“Hong Tian”) for
oppression of a minority shareholder. The principal relief sought by the
plaintiff under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
was for the defendants to purchase his shares in the company, failing which he
wanted the company to be wound up.

2 Quek Teck Beng Canvas Pte Ltd was incorporated on 23 December 1987 to take
over the business of the sole proprietorship registered as Chop Quek Teck
Beng. The company is in the business of supplying canvas products for
industrial, commercial and military use. Hong Yap worked with his father, Quak
Soo Kee, well before the company was incorporated. He resigned from the
company on 31 March 1999 after spending a good part of his working life in the
family business. Hong Yap ceased to be a director of the company on 20
November 2000.

3 At the time these proceedings were commenced on 13 December 2002, Hong Yap
held 13,645 (27.29%) shares in the company. Bee Leng’s shareholding was 14,485
(28.97%), Bee Hong held 3,645 (7.29%) shares, Hong Tian’s shareholding was
14,580 (29.16%) and another sibling, Quek Hong Wee (“Hong Wee”), held 3,645
(7.29%) shares in the company. Hong Wee is not involved in these proceedings.
The present directors of the company are Bee Leng, Bee Hong and Hong Tian. Bee
Leng was appointed a director on 2 August 1989. Quak Hong Tian and Quak Bee
Hong were appointed directors on 20 November 1999 and 12 January 2002
respectively.

4 In para 17 of his Statement of Claim, the plaintiff pleaded that he had been
oppressed by the defendants in the following manner:

(i) Not acting bona fide for the benefit of the Company;

(ii) Conducted the affairs of the Company and/or exercised [their] powers as
director[s] in a manner that is oppressive to the Plaintiff and/or in
disregard of the Plaintiff’s interest as a member of the Company and is
continuing to do so; and

(iii) Acted and/or threatening to act in a manner which unfairly discriminates
against or is otherwise prejudicial to the Plaintiff.

(iv) … [The defendants] acted unconscionably, disregarding the Plaintiff’s
rights and interests.

(v) The acts and conduct of the Defendant[s] serve only to advance their own
interests in disregard of the Plaintiff’s interests. The … conduct [of Bee
Leng and Hong Tian] is the cause of the destruction of the mutual confidence
in the personal relationship among the shareholders.

(vi) The acts and conduct of the Defendant[s] [are] a visible departure from
the standards of fair dealing and a violation of fair play.

(vii) The acts and conduct of the Defendant[s] serve only to advance the
Defendant[s’] own interests in disregard of the Plaintiff’s and the said
company[’s] interests. They are the cause of the destruction of the mutual
confidence in the personal relationship among the shareholders.

These averments were by and large repeated in the plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions and it would appear from the averments that the plaintiff in these
proceedings is relying on both sub-ss(_a_) and (_b_) of s 216(1) of the Act.
Needless to say, these general words of averments will remain abstractions
unless they are tied to specifics. What then were the specifics relied upon by
Hong Yap as grounds of oppression or injustice committed by Bee Leng and Hong
Tian in the conduct of the affairs of the company? It was in this area that
the plaintiff found himself in real difficulties with each complaint of
oppression or injustice.

5 Hong Yap’s first complaint was that the affairs of the company were being
run in a manner which was detrimental to the company and ultimately
detrimental to the members. I pause here to make one observation. If that was
indeed the case, I fail to see how Hong Yap as shareholder has, strictly
speaking, _locus standi_ to complain. This is because his specific allegation
is that Bee Leng and/or Hong Tian had diverted company’s funds into Bee Leng’s
and/or Hong Tian’s personal bank account(s) and had not accounted to the
company for the money. Be that as it may, I shall return to this allegation
later for it was the crux of the plaintiff’s complaint.

6 Another instance of oppression and disregard of the plaintiff’s rights and
interests, I gather, is from Bee Leng’s illegal moneylending activities
involving company’s funds. On this allegation, the plaintiff was not able to
get off the ground, so to speak. The legal burden was on Hong Yap to prove
this. Lord Wilberforce delivering the judgment of the Board in _Re Kong Thai
Sawmill (Miri) Sdn Bhd_ [1978] 2 MLJ 227 at 229 said that for the case to be
brought within the section (s 181(1)(a) of the Malaysian Companies Act, which
is our s 216(1)(_a_)) at all, the complainant must identify and prove
“oppression” or “disregard”. In my judgment, Hong Yap had based his allegation
entirely on hearsay evidence. He said he came to know about the illegal
moneylending activities from one Steve Lau of Chin Hong, a customer of the
company. Glaringly missing was Steve Lau’s attendance in court as a witness.
In cross-examination, Hong Yap acknowledged that he had no evidence of any
illegal moneylending activity involving company’s funds save for the
information supplied to him by Steve Lau who was also a friend of his. Hong
Yap in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief had alleged that Bee Leng’s
moneylending was by means of an exchange of company’s cheques for other post-
dated cheques, presumably from Chin Hong, with a higher face value. In cross-
examination, Hong Yap changed his story and alleged that the moneylending was
by exchange of cheques with the interest being paid by way of cash. I should
mention that contemporaneous documentary evidence from the company showed that
the company’s cheques of equal value were exchanged with Steve Lau of Chin
Hong and the exchange did not suggest any moneylending activity as alleged in
Hong Yap’s written testimony.

7 Strictly, I need not go into the accusations dating back to the time of
their father’s illness in 1989 on how Bee Leng initially acquired 10,000
shares and her directorship in the company. I was told by Hong Yap’s counsel
that this was simply background information. In any event, to put these
accusations to rest, I shall briefly deal with them. Hong Yap’s accusations
were entirely speculative in the face of countervailing contemporaneous
documented evidence on Bee Leng’s appointment as a director and shareholder.
Hong Yap had insinuated that Bee Leng had acquired the initial 10,000 shares
by unduly influencing their father during his illness into giving them to her.
However, the records of the company showed that some 10,000 shares were
transferred to Bee Leng as early as 30 April 1988, well before their father’s
illness. Moreover, Bee Leng’s evidence was corroborated by the company
secretary, Phua Soon Lian. On Hong Yap’s claim that Bee Leng’s directorship
also came about during the time of their father’s illness, which led to his
hospitalisaton, Hong Yap was not able to prove his allegation. In cross-
examination, he admitted that he had no idea when Bee Leng was appointed a
director. He was also unaware of the date that his father was admitted to
hospital. The documents admitted in evidence showed that their father was
first hospitalised on 4 October 1989. Hong Yap’s evidence on what his father
told him about Bee Leng holding the 10,000 shares for his elder brother, Hong
Wee, is again hearsay.

8 There is again nothing much in his other complaint that his 50% shareholding
was reduced after he was made to give up some of his shares to his siblings in
early 1999. He claimed that it was part of Bee Leng’s scheme to reduce his
entire shareholding in the company and dilute his interests, and hence
control, in the company, from 50% to 27.29%. I noticed that the plaintiff
adduced no evidence on how he came to acquire the additional shares beyond the
initial 10,000 shares allotted to him when his father was alive. In his
Statement of Claim, Hong Yap said that he had paid for the extra shares but
that turned out to be untrue. I also noted that Hong Yap was not making a
claim for a return of those shares and that was quite telling. It is
unbelievable that Hong Yap would have willingly given up shares on Bee Leng’s
say-so if indeed the shares were truly his. After all, on his own evidence,
their father during his illness was duped into giving Bee Leng shares intended
for Hong Wee and again duped into making her a director. The evidence before
the court was that their parents owned shares in the company and on their
death, their shares were held by Hong Yap and Bee Leng as trustees and those
shares were later distributed to the various siblings as their legal
entitlement. The documents in evidence disclosed that the share transfers to
the siblings on 27 January 1999 were made pursuant to the intestacy of their
father and under the terms of their mother’s will. Before distribution to the
beneficiaries, Hong Yap held, as trustee, 15,000 shares under the two deaths.
Bee Leng, also as trustee, held the other 15,000 shares.

9 Hong Yap denied that he was involved in illegal 4-D bookmaking activities.
As I told counsel for the plaintiff at the trial, if the plaintiff was sacked
on account of the illegal 4-D bookmaking activities, I would have to make a
finding of fact on this specific allegation and determine whether or not the
alleged dismissal from the company on this ground was wrongful and in reality
was part of a bigger scheme to deliberately exclude Hong Yap from management.
But the fact of the matter was that the plaintiff resigned voluntarily after
giving one month’s notice to the company. Hong Yap left the company on 31
March 1999, but remained a director of the company for over a year until
November 2000. Hong Yap testified that as he was not happy in the company, he
decided to resign. In his Statement of Claim, he alluded to his dispute with
Bee Leng over the non-payment of director’s fees and the refusal of his
request to look at the accounting records that led to further hostility with
Bee Leng. In the end, nothing turned on the reasons for his departure. The
only material evidence is that he resigned voluntarily from the company. That
is a far cry from the pleaded case that he was effectively removed as an
active director on 31 March 1999.

10 I return to the crux of the plaintiff’s complaint. And this has to do with
a Chung Khiaw Bank (“CKB”) savings account. Hong Yap acknowledged in the
witness box that he was relying on a particular CKB passbook to support his
pleaded case set out in paras 6(i) and (ii) of his Statement of Claim. He
claimed that from May 1994 to 1998, over a period of four years, Bee Leng and
Hong Tian cheated the company. They had transacted the company’s business in
cash without accounting for the same or depositing the cash in the company’s
bank account. Instead, they deposited the cash in their own accounts or that
of their nominees. The CKB savings account was opened in 1994 in Hong Tian’s
name. Other accounts with POSBank in the names of Bee Leng’s children were
raised for the first time in cross-examination. That allegation fizzled out as
soon as it was raised as Hong Yap was not in a position to substantiate his
bare allegation. He admitted that he had no proof that the money in the
children’s accounts belonged to the company.

11 It was the defendants’ case that the CKB savings account was the
plaintiff’s idea and that a substantial portion of the funds deposited into
that account came from a partnership owned by the plaintiff and his brother-
in-law. Although the CKB savings account was in Hong Tian’s name, it was
opened at the request of Hong Yap and the operator of the passbook was Hong
Yap. Hong Tian testified that although the passbook was in his name, it was
kept by Hong Yap. Hong Tian would make withdrawals at the request of Hong Yap.
However, the plaintiff’s version was that he discovered the existence of the
CKB passbook by chance. I noted that his written and oral testimonies differ
as to where he had found the CKB passbook. After he discovered the passbook,
he confronted Bee Leng about it. In my view, what transpired thereafter is of
little significance. More important is the closure of the CKB savings account
and what happened to the account balance. I accepted the evidence of Bee Leng
and Hong Tian that after the CKB savings account was closed in July 1998, the
account balance from that account was used to open another account in Tat Lee
Bank Limited (“Tat Lee”) in the joint names of the plaintiff, Bee Leng and
Hong Tian. The plaintiff was one of the cheque signatories and he admitted to
counter-signing cheques drawn from this account before it was closed on 5
December 2000. All that evidence went against his very complaint that funds in
the CKB savings account were diverted from the company to account or accounts
belonging to Bee Leng and Hong Tian or their nominees. Hong Yap countersigned
most of the cheques. Significantly, the plaintiff did not challenge Bee Leng
and Hong Tian’s testimony that the money in the Tat Lee bank account was used
for the staff “ _ang pows_ ” and towards what was described as “sale
expenses”. Neither did the plaintiff refute or attempt to explain the
defendants’ evidence that a sum of $30,000, which he had lent to the company
and successfully sued the company for its repayment in 1999 in the District
Court (DC Suit No 51263 of 1999), was money that had come from the CKB account
and, on his instructions, transferred directly to the company. The transaction
was recorded in the company’s books as a “loan from director”, which was the
plaintiff himself.

12 The company had rented extra space and part of the rented premises was sub-
let. The monthly rentals from the sublet premises were paid into the CKB
account together with moneys from cash sales. According to Bee Leng, Hong Yap
made use of moneys in the CKB savings account to pay commissions for orders he
received. It seemed to me that the money in the CKB savings account was also
by tacit understanding used to defray the needs of their mother and her
household and miscellaneous expenses. Hong Tian was then living with his
mother. Eventually, the closing balance of the CKB account was used to open an
account with Tat Lee.

13 In _Gan Cheong Or v See Soon Lee_ [1996] 2 SLR 9, the respondent and
minority shareholder, See Soon Lee, presented a petition for relief under s
216 of the Act. His complaint was that a cash purchase of certain pewter alloy
by the company from an Indonesian company was fictional and the majority
shareholders had spirited away the money allegedly paid for the pewter alloy.
The Court of Appeal found that the allegations made by See Soon Lee against
the majority shareholders were serious in that the majority shareholders were
being accused of dishonesty, if not theft. A higher standard of proof was
needed to make good the serious allegations. The standard of proof required
ought to commensurate with the seriousness of the allegations. See Soon Lee
had not discharged this burden of proof and hence oppression or injustice had
not been proved. Likewise, in the present case, Hong Yap had accused Bee Leng
and Hong Tian of misappropriating the company’s money and accordingly the same
high standard of proof as explained by the appellate court were required of
him. For the reasons given in [10] to [12] above, I found that Hong Yap had
not discharged the burden of proof which was on him.

14 The plaintiff also claimed that he was oppressed on 20 November 2000 when
he ceased to be a director of the company; or that he had been wrongfully
excluded from participation in management and that constituted unfairly
prejudicial conduct. He was rotated out of his directorship at an annual
general meeting held on 20 November 2000. Crucially, the plaintiff had
repeatedly said (and this is where his evidence had always been consistent)
that when he left the company at the end of March 1999, his intention was to
leave his siblings to continue with the business. He therefore did not take
away samples or drawings but left them behind for his siblings to use, as they
were to continue with the business. In his own words, he left the company
empty-handed. His conduct thereafter was consistent with this decision to
leave the family business to his siblings to manage and continue. He did not
attend directors’ meetings held between 12 December 1999 and 24 October 2000,
preferring to ignore the other directors’ requests in various letters to
attend such meetings. He was even reminded during that period to carry out his
responsibilities as a director. The plaintiff had simply wanted to sever his
connections with the company. No permission of the other directors was sought
for his absence at meetings. So on 20 November 2000, he formally ceased to be
a director. I find that in not attending the company’s 12th annual general
meeting held on 20 November 2000 which he had had notice of and in not
offering himself for re-election, his conduct thus far was still very much
consistent with his earlier decision to leave the company to his siblings. I
was not persuaded that the resolution passed on 20 November 2000, where Hong
Yap ceased to be a director, evidenced conduct intended to oppress the
plaintiff. There is nothing in the evidence to bear out his allegation that he
was excluded from participation in the company’s affairs or in its management.

15 Having cut his ties with the company at the end of March 1999, it was quite
natural for Hong Yap to want to sell his shares. He played out his decision on
16 November 2002. But if nobody wanted to buy his shares willingly, there was
not much he could have done short of trying to force the shareholders to do
what he wanted. It was clear that he launched this oppression action to force
his siblings to buy his shares under the threat of liquidation. The plaintiff
admitted that he was peeved that Bee Leng and Hong Tian bought the shares of
his other siblings when he was the first to announce his intention on 16
November 2002 to sell out. In my judgment, the non-compliance of Art 29 of the
company’s Articles of Association had no bearing on the outcome of this
action. Article 29 applies to members who want to sell their shares and not to
buyers like Bee Leng and Hong Tian.

16 Above all, it is trite law that to succeed under s 216(1)(_a_) of the Act,
the oppression on the part of the defendants must continue up to the date of
these proceedings: see Lord Wilberforce in _Re Kong Thai Sawmill (Miri) Sdn
Bhd_ ([6] _supra_) at 229. The plaintiff was not complaining that he had been
oppressed by the way the defendants had run the company after he ceased to be
a director on 20 November 2000. His complaints narrated and discussed earlier
all related to the period up to 2000. They were no longer live issues and were
clearly outside the language of s 216(1)(_a_). He was also not saying that
since then Bee Leng and Hong Tian had caused the company to do something which
was detrimental to Hong Yap’s interests as a shareholder. It cannot be
oppression because the defendants do not wish to buy the plaintiff’s shares.
Besides, their refusal to purchase Hong Yap’s shares has nothing to do with
the way the affairs of the company were conducted. The situation here is
analogous to the case of _Lim Cheng Huat Raymond v Teoh Siang Teik_ [1996] 3
SLR 605 where the Court of Appeal said, in _obiter_ , that disregard of a
minority shareholder’s contractual right, even if established, could not found
a case of oppression under s 216(1)(_a_) of the Act. It has nothing to do with
the conduct of the affairs of the company. Neither can it be said that the
refusal of the defendants to purchase Hong Yap’s shares is the same as unfair
conduct of the company’s affairs which unfairly discriminates against or is
otherwise prejudicial to Hong Yap under s 216(1)(_b_) of the Act. Lai Siu Chiu
J in _Luk Yue Hong Yvonne v Lim Seng Leong_ [2005] SGHC 89 cited and followed
Peter Gibson J in _Re Ringtower Holdings plc_ (1989) 5 BCC 82 who, at 90, said
that the relevant conduct, whether it was a commission or omission (which was
both prejudicial and unfair to the interest of the members as members), must
relate to the affairs of the company of which the complainant was a member.
Again the decision of Bee Leng and Hong Tian not to purchase Hong Yap’s shares
had nothing to do with, nor was it related to, the affairs of the company.

17 I agreed with counsel for the defendants that the plaintiff had not
established on a balance of probabilities that at the commencement of
proceedings he was being or had ever been oppressed either by the way in which
the affairs of the company were conducted or because his interests have been
disregarded by the defendants in the exercise of their powers as directors.
Neither had the plaintiff met the requirements of s 216(1)(_b_) of the Act.
After hearing the evidence for six days, I was satisfied that the plaintiff
had brought a decidedly unmeritorious action. I therefore dismissed with costs
the plaintiff’s action for relief under s 216 of the Act.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

