Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Yeow Hiang Kenneth and Others v Tan Chor Chuan and Others  
[2005] SGHC 212

Case Number | : | BOC 206/2005, SIC 5052/2005, 5081/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gregory Vijayendran and Prakash Pillai (Wong Partnership) for the applicants / plaintiffs in SIC 5081/2005; Alvin Tan and Raymond Wong (Wong Thomas and Leong) for the applicants / defendants in SIC 5052/2005   
Parties | : |  Tan Yeow Hiang Kenneth; Chan Lai Fung; Chia Chung Mun Alphonsus; Tan Lian Ann; Nicholas Giles Aplin; Yeo Kok Ching Alan; Chong Yeh Shen Jason; Goh Hin Tiang; Lim Ting Fai Lawrence; Seow Yongli; Wong Loong Tat — Tan Chor Chuan; Yap Swee Chee; Ee Boon Peng Lawrence; Ong Chong Ghee; Rolles Rudolf Jurgen August; Chern Seng Pau; Yung Yew Kong; Nelly Menon; Tan Lian Seng   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Taxation – Defendants succeeding only in respect of
one of three defences pleaded – Review of assistant registrar's refusal to
adopt issue-based approach in taxation of costs – Whether judge in chambers
having power to allow reduction in costs on account of failed defences in
light of costs order made by trial judge  
  

10 November 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 Following an unsuccessful defamation action brought by nine members of the
Singapore Chess Federation (“SCF”) against the eleven members of the SCF
Executive Council personally, an order for costs was made by the court on 10
August 2005 at a separate hearing at which the court awarded the defendants
95%, the 5% taken off being intended to reflect the court’s disapproval of the
defendants’ conduct in regard to discovery.

2 In its oral judgment, the court had indicated that at least one of the
defences (_viz_ , fair comment) was successful. When the defendants’ Bill of
Costs No 206 of 2005 was taxed before the assistant registrar (“the AR”), the
grounds of decision of the trial had not yet been released.

3 The plaintiffs sought to defer taxation until after the grounds of decision
were released arguing that it was still not known whether the defendants
succeeded on the remaining defences.

4 The AR declined to do so pointing out that the judge had already ordered 95%
of the costs to be borne by the plaintiffs. She further questioned how a
further reduction could be reconciled with the judge’s cost order. She
declined to adopt an issue-based approach to the taxation and in awarding
costs in the amount of $225,000 for the 13-day trial, she took into account
work done to run all three defences. When the grounds of decision were
released, the defendants succeeded on only one out of three defences.

5 Both parties applied for a review of the taxation but at the hearing before
me, the defendants withdrew their application save in respect of reimbursement
of the costs of an unsuccessful mediation under section 3 of the Bill. Nothing
further needs to be said in regard to that and the issues raised by the
plaintiffs under section 3. Instead, I shall deal only with two issues arising
under section 1, _viz_ :

(a) whether sitting as a judge reviewing the section 1 costs, it was open to
me to give a further percentage reduction of the costs to take account of the
two failed defences; and

(b) if so, whether a reduction ought to be allowed in the circumstances of the
case.

6 At the initial hearing of the review, I allowed a reduction of 25% of the
costs to take into account the two failed defences rather than the two-thirds
reduction sought by the plaintiffs. Unfortunately, apart from submitting that

(a) the court’s order of 95% costs had already taken care of the issue (which
clearly was not its intent); and

(b) that the plaintiffs’ arguments for a reduction ought to have been raised
at that stage (which clearly was impossible since the grounds of decision had
not been released),

the defendants did not raise the objection that I was _functus officio_ and
could not order the 25% reduction at the review of taxation. It was raised
only after the decision was made to allow the 25% reduction.

7 Subsequent to the hearing, I allowed the defendants’ request for me to hear
further arguments. After considering further submissions by both parties, I
have decided that I did not have the power to allow a further reduction on
account of the failed defences. I have also decided that, even if it were open
to me to grant a reduction, in view of the authorities cited to me and taking
into account the circumstances of the case, no reduction ought to be allowed.
My reasons are as follows:

**Whether the court was _functus officio_**

8 I accept the submissions of the defendants that the order of court dated 10
August 2005 under which the plaintiffs were to pay the defendants 95% of the
costs of the action to be agreed or taxed precluded the plaintiffs from asking
for a further reduction by reason of the failed defences. As the order of
court had been extracted, the court was _functus officio_ and could not allow
what would in effect be a variation of the order as distinct from a
clarification. The distinction between the two is brought out in _Wee Soon Kim
Anthony v UBS AG_ [2005] SGCA 3, where the Court of Appeal held at [69] as
follows:

It is absurd to suggest that when clarification is given, the court is
_functus officio_ , which was the stand taken by Mr Wee. In giving the
clarification, the court is not making a new or additional order but merely
clarifying what was already ordered. It is in the inherent jurisdiction of the
court to do so and this jurisdiction has been exercised from time to time.
This jurisdiction is consistent with logic and justice.

Neither is it possible, in my view, to invoke the inherent jurisdiction of the
court under the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) O 92 r 5. The rule
states:

Without prejudice to Rule 4, the Court may make or give such further orders or
directions incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as may be
necessary in any case.

An order to vary the Order of Court of 10 August 2005 would not be
consequential or incidental thereto or to the judgment as it does not follow
as a matter of course from such order or judgment. As distinct from, for
example, a subsequent order supplying an obvious omission, or clarifying what
was already ordered, the variation of an earlier order goes against the intent
of the earlier order.

9 It has to be stated that the plaintiffs did not go so far as to dispute the
foregoing. What they said was that a reduction of the costs on account of the
failed defences was but a _reduction_ of the _quantum_ of costs and therefore
within the power of the judge reviewing the taxation of costs to do under O 59
r 27(2) in his determination of what was a “reasonable amount” of costs which
had been “reasonably incurred”. In my view, that cannot be right. In so doing,
the judge would not be merely reducing the quantum but also laying down the
proportion of the costs to be allowed in view of the failed defences. He would
thereby be straying beyond his power of review of the taxation and usurping
the functions of the trial judge.

**What reduction (if any) should be allowed**

10 Having so decided, it is not strictly necessary for me to proceed further
to consider what reduction ought to be given were it within my power so to do.
Nevertheless, as, after considering the authorities cited to me in the course
of further arguments, I have decided to revoke my earlier decision to allow a
25% reduction, it is appropriate that I give my reasons for so doing.

11 In _Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR 489 (“ _Tullio_ ”), the appellant was
successful in a petition against oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1990 Rev Ed). The trial judge, however, awarded the appellant only
half his costs, stating that as a written agreement between the appellant and
the respondent provided for recourse to arbitration, the appellant should have
considered that option but had failed to do so. The Court of Appeal set aside
the order for costs of the trial judge and awarded the appellant his full
costs, saying that the trial judge had disregarded the principle that a
successful party who had acted neither improperly nor unreasonably should not
be deprived of any part of his costs. In so doing, the Court of Appeal cited
(at 496, [24]) the headnotes from the decision of the English Court of Appeal
in _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1993] 1 All ER 232:

The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that costs were in
the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other
order should be made, (iii) that the general rule did not cease to apply
simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations that
failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where
he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings, and
(iv) that where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that a successful party who
neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or made allegations which
failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs …

These principles were re-affirmed in _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua
Benjamin_ [1998] 3 SLR 337 where the Court of Appeal set aside the trial
judge’s order awarding the plaintiff only 60% of his costs on the basis that
the plaintiff had spent a great deal of time trying to prove pleadings that
were at the end of the day not established. In awarding the plaintiff his full
costs, the Court of Appeal noted that the plaintiff had succeeded on the
fundamental issue, _ie_ , that the words complained of were defamatory of him.
(The Court of Appeal also doubted that a significant amount of time could have
been wasted by reason of the disparity between the meaning pleaded and the
meanings found by the judge.)

12 Another authority cited by the defendants was _MCST No 473 v De Beers
Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 1 (“the _De Beers Jewellery case_ ”). In that
case the defendants succeeded on mistake which was a late amendment to their
counterclaim but failed on the doctrine of _colore officii_ which was the
original basis of their counterclaim. The trial judge, nevertheless held,
after submissions, that the defendants should be awarded their full costs.
This was upheld by the Court of Appeal which once again relied on the
principles governing the award of costs set out in _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_
([11] _supra_) which had been adopted in _Tullio_ ([11] _supra_). It held that
as the successful party in the counterclaim the defendant should be awarded
costs in spite of one failed ground. In arriving at this decision, it noted
that the trial ended within the allotted time, that the same facts were relied
on for proving mistake as for proving _colore officii_ and that it was
unlikely that the defendants’ pleading caused a significant increase in the
cost of the proceedings. Finally, the Court of Appeal noted that as it had not
been alleged that the defendants had raised issues improperly or unreasonably,
it had not been ordered to pay the party’s costs.

13 The last authority cited by the defendants was _Progress Software Corp (S)
Pte Ltd v Central Provident Fund Board_ [2003] 2 SLR 156. In that case, three
issues were raised in the High Court. Two were preliminary issues of
procedure. They were decided in favour of the appellants. The third was a
substantive issue and was decided in favour of the respondents. The judge
having dismissed the appellant’s application with costs, the latter appealed
to the Court of Appeal contending that as the respondents had succeeded on
only one out of three issues, they should have been awarded one-third of their
costs below. The appellants relied on O 59 r 6A of the Rules of Court which
came into effect on 15 December 2001 in support of their contention. Rule 6A
provides:

In addition to and not in derogation of any other provision in this Order,
where a party has failed to establish any claim or issue which he has raised
in any proceedings, and has thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted,
or added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings, the Court may order
that the costs of that party shall not be allowed in whole or in part, or that
any costs occasioned by that claim or issue to any other party shall be paid
by him to that other party, regardless of the outcome of the cause or matter.

The Court of appeal held, at [52] and [53], that:

52 … _The crux of O 59 r 6A is thus whether the party has unnecessarily or
unreasonably added to the costs of the proceedings_. In the present case, we
saw no evidence that the respondents had acted in such a manner. The trial
judge certainly did not consider the procedural issues raised before him as
either unnecessary or unreasonable. The trial judge stated in his grounds of
decision that he in fact saw merit in the respondents’ procedural arguments.
However, the facts of the case did not allow him to accept those arguments.

53 This made the present case very different from the authorities cited by the
appellants. In those cases, the court clearly expressed its distaste for
arguments raised by a particular party, notwithstanding the fact that that
party was eventually successful on the merits. The court thus refused to award
full costs to the ultimately successful party. For example, in both _Rajabali
Jumabhoy v Ameerali R Jumabhoy (No 2)_ [1998] 2 SLR 489 and _Tan Tiang Hin
Jerry v Singapore Medical Council_ [2000] 2 SLR 274, the court expressly
stated that the party had acted unreasonably in putting forward unmeritorious
arguments.

[emphasis added]

14 In both _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ ([11] _supra_) and the
_De Beers Jewellery case_ ([12] _supra_), one of the circumstances taken into
account was that there had not been a significant increase in the length (and
therefore the costs) of the proceedings. This was presumably _apropos_ one of
the principles enunciated in _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ ([11] _supra_), _viz_ ,
that the successful litigant _could_ be deprived of his costs in whole or in
part where he had caused a significant increase in the length of the
proceedings. However, it does not follow, as plaintiffs in the present case
seemed to suggest, that whenever a successful litigant has lengthened the
duration of the trial by reason of advancing any claim or issue that
ultimately failed, he should be penalised in costs.

15 The trial judge should obviously have regard to the totality of the
circumstances: _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Gek Kim Betsy_ [2001] 4 SLR 603 at [12]. In
my view, the paramount consideration in such a case is whether the successful
litigant had acted reasonably. This has now been made clear in O 59 r 6A where
the criterion is whether he has “unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted, or
added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings”.

16 In the present case, it could not be said that the defendants acted
unreasonably or improperly in putting up the defences of fair comment and
qualified privilege. As noted in the judgment, the defence of fair comment
failed for a technical reason, _viz_ , the failure to plead facts (which did
exist) based upon which the comment could be made.

17 Similarly, the defence of qualified privilege failed only because of the
finding that the publication on the internet was a disproportionate response.
All the other elements of the defence were made out and the plaintiffs’
allegation that the defendants were actuated by malice was expressly rejected
by the court. Invariably, in running the two failed defences, some time would
have been spent which the plaintiffs would characterise as “wasted”. However,
on the view I have taken of the reasonableness of running the two defences,
the defendants could not be said to have lengthened the proceedings
needlessly.

18 In the result, I hold that even if I were competent to allow a reduction, I
would be disinclined to do so. I acknowledge that this about-turn may occasion
some surprise to the plaintiffs. I can only say in mitigation that in the much
cited _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ ([11] _supra_), Nourse LJ (whose statement of
the principles on which costs were to be awarded have been approved on many
occasions by our Court of Appeal) also admitted [at 239] to changing his mind.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

