Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Lee Yin v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 226

Case Number | : | MA 112/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Spencer Gwee (Spencer Gwee and Co) for the appellant; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Goh Lee Yin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mentally disordered offenders
– Appellant pleading guilty to charges of theft in dwelling – Appellant
suffering from kleptomania – Appellant appealing against two-and-a-half-month
custodial sentence – Whether sentence manifestly excessive and should be
varied to probation – Section 380 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), s 5(1)
Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

9 December 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to two charges of theft in dwelling under s 380
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and consented to have four other
charges under the same section taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. The appellant was sentenced to two and a half months’
imprisonment. She appealed against her sentence. I allowed the appeal and
varied her sentence to one of 24 months’ probation with appropriate
conditions, for reasons which I set out below.

**The charges**

2 The appellant, a 24-year-old female, pleaded guilty to the following charges
of shoplifting:

**DAC 19595/2005**

You, … are charged that you, on the 16th day of May 2005, at or about 4.40 pm,
at ‘Metro’ Departmental Store, Paragon Shopping Centre, Orchard Road,
Singapore a place used for the custody of property, did commit theft of four
bottles of ‘Clarins’ Sun Care lotions valued $180.00cts (each $45.00cts) in
the possession of the Duty Manager, Mdm Amy Ho and you have thereby committed
an offence punishable under Section 380 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**DAC 24015/2005**

You, … are charged that you, on the 16th day of May 2005, at or about 4.00 pm,
at ‘Cold Storage’ Supermarket, Novena Square, Thomson Road, Singapore, a place
used for the custody of property, did commit theft of the following:

(a) 18 boxes of Shaver Cartridges valued $234.90cts (each $13.05cts)

(b) One Gillette Razor valued $16.90cts

(c)  Eight packets of Scholl insoles valued $37.60cts (each $4.70cts)

(d) One Scholl Skin File valued $46.30cts

(e) One Oral dental Floss valued $4.85cts

(f) One Oral satin Floss valued $5.90cts

having a total value of $306.53 in the possession of the Duty Manager, Mr Ang
Kwong Chye and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 380 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 These four other charges which had been taken into consideration had been
brought in respect of one shoplifting offence also committed on 16 May 2005
(District Arrest Case No 24016 of 2005 (“DAC 24016/05”)), two shoplifting
offences committed on 12 May 2005 (District Arrest Cases Nos 24017 and 24018
of 2005) and one shoplifting offence committed on 27 April 2005 (District
Arrest Case No 24019 of 2005).

**Background facts**

4 On 16 May 2005 at or about 4.00pm, the appellant entered Cold Storage
Supermarket located at Novena Square, Thomson Road. She stole several shaver
cartridges, a razor, shoe insoles, a skin file and dental floss (as set out in
DAC 24015/05) and placed them into three empty Cold Storage plastic bags that
she had taken. She then went to Tangs Departmental Store at Orchard Road and
stole a body shaving system (which formed the basis of DAC 24016/05).

5 At or about 4.40pm that same day, the appellant proceeded to Metro
Departmental Store at Paragon Shopping Center, Orchard Road, where she stole
four bottles of “Clarins” Sun Care lotion and placed them into the Cold
Storage plastic bags that she was still carrying. She was detained while
leaving the store via the exit on the third level and arrested by the Police.
She was then charged in the Subordinate Courts the following morning.

6 The appellant was out on bail when she committed the offences of 16 May
2005. She had been previously arrested for her offences of 27 April 2005 and
12 May 2005.

7 Pursuant to the Prosecution’s application, the court ordered the appellant
to be remanded for two weeks at the Institute of Mental Health for a
psychiatric examination. A report dated 30 May 2005 was prepared by Dr Jerome
Goh Hern Yee (“Dr Goh”), a Registrar at the Department of Forensic Psychiatry,
Woodbridge Hospital and Institute of Mental Health. Dr Goh diagnosed the
appellant as suffering from kleptomania, an impulse control disorder. However,
he certified that the appellant was not of unsound mind at the time of the
offences as she was aware of her actions and that they were wrong, and that
she was fit to plead in a court of law.

**The psychiatric reports**

**_Dr Goh’s report_**

8 The Prosecution tendered the report prepared by Dr Goh at the trial below.
Dr Goh stated in the report that the appellant told him that she had been
shoplifting every year since she was nine years old. She was first arrested in
2003 but was let off with a warning. In 2004, she shoplifted about once a
week. In May 2004, she was arrested in the US for theft while visiting her
boyfriend who was studying at a university there. When her boyfriend
discovered her stealing habit, he insisted that she seek treatment and she
started seeing a counsellor upon returning to Singapore. After she was again
arrested for shoplifting in September 2004, she sought help from a
psychiatrist, Dr Tan Chue Tin (“Dr Tan”). She was prescribed Prozac
(fluoxetine) 20mg daily and was reviewed on a monthly basis. The frequency of
her shoplifting had decreased to virtually nil during the first three months
of 2005. However, she then stopped taking her medication and did not go to see
her psychiatrist. In the weeks before her arrest on 27 April 2005, _ie_ , from
late March to early April 2005, she had been stealing about three to five
times a week. Her arrest on 16 May 2005 took place just before she was due to
fly to the US on 18 May 2005 to attend her boyfriend’s graduation ceremony.

9 The appellant told Dr Goh that she stole things without planning. She was
well able to afford the items she stole and did not have any acute need for
them. Her motivation to steal was “for the thrill” of not getting caught. She
was remorseful about her actions and felt much guilt and regret for hurting
and causing distress to those close to her, and for breaking her promise to
them that she would not steal again. Dr Goh described the appellant’s
kleptomaniacal condition as follows:

Before she shoplifts, she would feel an urge to steal associated with a sense
of anxiety, like a “rush, tension”, which would build up when she tries to
fight it, until rational thoughts get displaced. She said she proceeded to
shoplift despite knowing that it was “not worth it” and having resolved never
to do so again. She said that only when she shoplifted would this “tension” be
released and she would be at peace”, but only for a while.

10 Dr Goh noted that the appellant had done well at school and had no conduct
or disciplinary problems. She had no history of alcohol or substance abuse. Dr
Goh opined that the appellant had responded favourably to treatment in the
past and would need long-term psychiatric follow-up and treatment for her
condition.

**_Dr Tan’s reports_**

11 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Spencer Gwee (“Mr Gwee”), tendered two
reports from the appellant’s psychiatrist, Dr Tan, dated 16 May 2005 and 19
August 2005. In the reports, Dr Tan stated that the appellant suffered from
kleptomania, an impulse control disorder associated with the build-up of
tension and anxiety or depression which led to an uncontrollable pathological
urge to steal, thus affording immediate relief to the overwhelming,
overpowering mental distress. The appellant had suffered from poor self-esteem
since young, and frequently had lonely, depressive spells and thoughts of
ending her life. The temporary discharge of tension and anxiety afforded by
shoplifting served to reinforce the appellant’s compulsion to steal during her
next bout of severe depression.

12 Dr Tan opined that the appellant’s case was uncommon. She stole not for
gain or pleasure, but due to her inability to resist the impulse to steal
objects, including non-essential items or items of little monetary value,
despite knowing that shoplifting was irrational, illegal and irresponsible.

13 Dr Tan explained that the appellant’s kleptomania was a mental disorder
that required regular therapy and medication, which would help to
significantly reduce the tension and anxiety, and control the impulse to
steal. He stated that the appellant had defaulted on follow-up treatment and
medication from 18 January 2005 as she felt she was “better” and “able to
control her impulses”. She also felt bad and embarrassed to admit she needed
psychiatric help and medication. However, the appellant consequently suffered
a relapse and committed six shoplifting offences between 27 April 2005 and 16
May 2005.

14 Dr Tan nevertheless affirmed the appellant’s awareness of, and willingness
to adhere to, the course of treatment she needed, and indicated that the
appellant had started taking Prozac daily again. Dr Tan emphasised that a
custodial sentence would be unsuitable for the appellant as it would aggravate
her condition, worsen the prognosis for her recovery, and further nullify all
that was currently being done to help her recover.

**The mitigation plea**

15 The appellant’s father passed away in 1998 when she was 17 and she lives
with her mother, aged 62, in a flat in Ang Mo Kio. Her elder sister, who is
married, lives close by. Her boyfriend, with whom she has a steady
relationship, is working in the US, having completed his studies there. Her
family as well as her boyfriend’s parents, who are established medical
practitioners, are close to and fully supportive of her.

16 Mr Gwee submitted in mitigation that the appellant pleaded guilty at the
first opportunity and had no past convictions. She was penitent and had been
co-operative in investigations. All items stolen were also recovered.

17 Mr Gwee stated that the appellant had performed well at school and was
active in student activities and social work. She had studied Computer
Engineering at the Nanyang Technological University (“NTU”) and graduated with
a Bachelor of Engineering degree with Merit in July 2004. She was the business
manager of the Computer Engineering Club (“the Club”) at NTU. A testimonial
from Asst Prof Yow Kin Choong, the Sub-Dean of NTU’s School of Computer
Engineering and an adviser to the Club, described the appellant as an always
helpful, “highly motivated individual” who was “an active member of the
University and has participated as an office bearer in several hostel and
school activities”. Asst Prof Yow further wrote that, as the business manager
of the Club, the appellant “had to handle considerable sums of sponsorship
money and she had proven herself to be an honest and trustworthy person”. In
September 2004, the appellant started work as a software engineer at Singapore
Airlines, which confirmed her employment in May 2005. She tendered her
resignation on 11 July 2005 after being arrested for her offences earlier this
year.

18 As regards the shoplifting offences, Mr Gwee reiterated that the appellant
did not steal for gain or for pleasure. She could afford the items she stole
and had no real use for most of them. The offences were committed as she
suffered a relapse after she stopped taking her medication in mid-January 2005
when she felt confident enough to try to control her impulsive tendencies. The
thefts were not premeditated and erratic, particularly those committed on 16
May 2005, two days before she was expected to depart on a trip to the US with
her boyfriend’s family to attend his graduation.

19 Mr Gwee maintained that a custodial sentence would not serve to
rehabilitate her or deter her from re-offending in future, but would in fact
destroy her and altogether scupper any future efforts by her psychiatrist, Dr
Tan, to help her recover.

**The decision below**

20 In sentencing the appellant, the district judge considered the fact that
the appellant had pleaded guilty in the first instance and had no previous
convictions. The district judge also considered that the appellant’s offences
resulted from her kleptomaniacal impulse. However, he relied on the case of
_Siauw Yin Hee v_ _PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 514 at 516, [9] where I had stated that:

If our criminal law is to have any protective ambit over the lives of ordinary
citizens, persons such as the appellant cannot be allowed to deal with their
personal problems by giving vent to their kleptomaniac tendencies with
abandon; or indeed, by resorting to any other form of crime.

The district court in that case imposed a sentence of six months’ imprisonment
on the appellant, who had pleaded guilty to a charge of shoplifting under s
380 of the Penal Code, upon being informed that the appellant had a record of
eight similar convictions for offences committed in the past eight years. The
appellant in that case had a history of depressive illness which created in
him an “urge to shoplift”, and had been receiving treatment and counselling
(although not continuously) since his fourth conviction for shoplifting. On
appeal before me, the appellant argued for a conditional discharge, with a
requirement that he receive medical treatment for the next three years.
However, I was of the view that his rehabilitative prospects were dim, given
his subsequent repeated convictions which, in my opinion, evinced a lack of
effort on his part to exercise self-restraint over his recurring impulse to
steal or to even seek more extensive counselling and treatment. I therefore
saw fit to dismiss the appeal.

21 The district judge in the present case considered that the appellant was
aware of her kleptomaniacal condition and had sought assistance by seeing Dr
Tan in September 2004 but defaulted in her follow-up treatment and medication
since January 2005, which resulted in the series of shoplifting offences
between 27 April 2005 and 16 May 2005. He opined that the appellant ought to
have known that, unless she continued with her treatment and medication, she
would give way to her impulse to steal when anxious and distressed. He further
opined that it would have dawned on the appellant to seek help from Dr Tan
after her offence of 27 April 2005, or even after her two offences of 12 May
2005, but she had failed to do so.

22 The district judge also considered the case of _Ng So Kuen Connie v_ _PP_
[2003] 3 SLR 178 where I discounted the element of deterrence in sentencing in
view of the appellant’s mental disorder. I noted that the existence of a
mental disorder is always a relevant factor in the sentencing process. The
district judge went on to note that the impact of a mental disorder on the
determination of the appropriate sentence to be imposed would depend on the
circumstances of each case. However, the district judge found that there was
no significant reduction in the element of deterrence in the appellant’s case
as she was well aware of her acts and was able to appreciate the gravity of
the offence, and had moreover committed the offences six times on three
different occasions.

23 The district judge concluded that probation or a fine would not be
appropriate in the circumstances of the case and imposed on the appellant a
custodial sentence of two and a half months for each of the two charges
proceeded with, ordering the sentences to run concurrently.

**The appeal**

24 The appeal first came before me on 4 October 2005. Mr Gwee disagreed with
the findings of the district judge and contended that he had failed to take
into account, _inter alia_ , the seriousness of the appellant’s mental
disorder, the fact that the offences were committed as a result of her
disorder, her prospects of rehabilitation and the impact that a custodial
sentence would have on her. He submitted that the sentence of two and a half
months’ imprisonment was manifestly excessive having regard to the
circumstances of the case and should be varied to one of probation.

25 Section 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“POA”) provides:

Where a court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence (not
being an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) is of the opinion
that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence
and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do so, the court may,
instead of sentencing him, make a probation order, that is to say, an order
requiring him to be under the supervision of a probation officer or a
volunteer probation officer for a period to be specified in the order of not
less than 6 months nor more than 3 years:

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence for which a specified
minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment or fine or
caning is prescribed by law, the court may make a probation order if the
person —

(_a_) has attained the age of 16 years but has not attained the age of 21
years at the time of his conviction; and

(_b_) has not been previously convicted of such offence referred to in this
proviso, and for this purpose section 11 (1) shall not apply to any such
previous conviction.

26 The Prosecution protested that the appellant, being 24 years of age, had
passed the threshold age of 21 where the courts would normally consider
calling for a probation report. Indeed, the judicial practice has been to
require a probation report before sentencing a young offender: _PP v Mok Ping
Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138 at [22]. However, the appellant was clearly not
ineligible for probation under s 5(1) of the POA. The appellant did not fall
within the proviso to s 5(1) of the POA as there is no minimum sentence
prescribed by s 380 of the Penal Code, which provides that the offender “shall
be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and
shall also be liable to fine” (see _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 338
at 348–349, [41]).

27 The aim of probation is to secure the rehabilitation of offenders, and in
_PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ at [21], I noted that “[r]ehabilitation is the
dominant consideration where the offender is 21 years and below” as it is
recognised that the “chances of reforming [young offenders] into law-abiding
adults are better”. I further opined in _PP v Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal
Luddin_ [2000] 1 SLR 34 at [16]:

In the case of youthful criminals, the chances of effective rehabilitation are
greater than in the case of adults, making the possible use of probation more
relevant where young offenders are concerned. … [P]robation is never granted
as of right, even in the case of juvenile offenders. In deciding whether or
not probation is the appropriate sentence in each case, the court still has to
take into account all the circumstances of the case, including the nature of
the offence and the character of the offender.

28 Evidently, the age of an offender is often indicative of the effectiveness
of probation in bringing about rehabilitation. However, this does not lead to
the inexorable conclusion that rehabilitation can never be the operative
concern in the case of an offender above the age of 21, particularly if he or
she demonstrates an extremely strong propensity for reform and/or there are
exceptional circumstances warranting the grant of probation. The offender’s
age, therefore, is by no means absolutely determinative of the appropriate
sentence as the court must still examine the facts in the individual case.
Probation may not be ultimately viable even in the case of a young offender;
if the circumstances are such that the probation will not afford the offender
in question a realistic opportunity to rehabilitate his or her life, then a
prison sentence will be more appropriate: _Wu Si Yuan v PP_ [2003] SGHC 7 at
[9].

29 The rehabilitation of the offender could also take precedence where other
sentencing considerations such as deterrence are rendered less effective, as
might be the case for an offender belabouring under a serious psychiatric
condition or mental disorder at the time of the incident: see, _eg_ , _Ng So
Kuen Connie v PP_ ([22] _supra_). The appellant in that case was convicted
under s 336 of the Penal Code for committing an act “so rashly … as to
endanger human life” by throwing 25 items from her condominium apartment. The
appellant had been suffering from hypomania, commonly known as a nervous
breakdown, at the time of the offence. I set aside the sentence of two months’
imprisonment on appeal and substituted it with the maximum fine of $250. While
I was cognisant that a custodial sentence was normally meted out to persons
convicted under the “rash” limb of s 336, I found that the aims of general
deterrence would not be served by imposing such a sentence on the appellant on
the unique facts of that case. I endorsed the approach of Martin J in _R v
Wiskich_ [2000] SASC 64 (a decision of the Supreme Court of South Australia)
at [62]:

An assessment of the severity of the disorder is required. A sentencing court
must determine the impact of the disorder upon both the offender’s thought
processes and the capacity of the offender to appreciate the gravity and
significance of the criminal conduct. … _It is not difficult to understand
that the element of general deterrence can readily be given considerably less
weight in the case of an offender suffering from a significant mental disorder
who commits a minor crime, particularly if a causal relationship exists
between the mental disorder and the commission of such an offence._ In some
circumstances, however, the mental disorder may not be serious or causally
related to the commission of the crime, and the circumstances of the crime so
grave, that very little weight in mitigation can be given to the existence of
the mental disorder and full weight must be afforded to the element of general
deterrence. In between those extremes, an infinite variety of circumstances
will arise in which competing considerations must be balanced. [emphasis
added]

I went on to make the following observations in _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ at
[58]:

I found that (as Martin J rightly pointed out) the element of general
deterrence can and should be given considerably less weight if the offender
was suffering from a mental disorder at the time of the commission of the
offence. This is particularly so if there is a causal link between the mental
disorder and the commission of the offence. In addition to the need for a
causal link, other factors such as the seriousness of the mental condition,
the likelihood of the appellant repeating the offence and the severity of the
crime, are factors which have to be taken into account by the sentencing
judge. In my view, general deterrence will not be enhanced by meting out an
imprisonment term to a patient suffering from a serious mental disorder which
led to the commission of the offence.

30 I found the above observations pertinent to the present case where the
appellant was concerned. The medical evidence was that the appellant’s urge to
steal was pathological and that she was unable to control that urge when
overcome by bouts of anxiety and depression. The medical evidence further
indicated that punishment by incarceration would not only be abortive but
would in fact destroy the appellant. In the premises, I was not inclined to
dismiss the appeal without first exercising my discretion to call for a
report, so as to be fully apprised of the suitability of probation as a
sentencing option for the appellant.

31 The Prosecution was opposed to the possibility of probation for the
appellant and advocated the imposition of a custodial sentence on the basis
that she had already been given too many chances. The Prosecution asserted
that the appellant should be placed in the regimented environment of the
prison, even if only to instil in her the discipline to take her medication
every day. It appeared to me that, to a palpable extent, what the appellant
really needed was to take her medication daily so as to subdue the incidence
of anxiety and depression leading to her compulsion to shoplift. I thus
further directed the Prosecution to inquire into whether and how the appellant
would be certain to receive the requisite supervision in prison to ensure that
she took her daily dose of medication, and adjourned the appeal pending the
preparation of the probation report.

32 At or about 5.00pm on 15 October 2005, when the probation report was still
pending, the appellant was again arrested for theft of four pairs of earrings
from the Isetan Departmental Store at Wisma Atria. She claimed she had
forgotten to take her medication that day. This latest offence was taken into
account by Mrs Foo-Lim Jim Jim (“Mrs Foo-Lim”), a senior probation officer who
conducted the social investigation and prepared the appellant’s probation
report.

**The probation report**

33 The probation report by Mrs Foo-Lim was detailed and comprehensive. Mrs
Foo-Lim had interviewed the appellant on several occasions, and had also
interviewed members of her immediate and extended family, her boyfriend’s
parents, Dr Tan, and her counsellor, Mrs Lam-Khong Seet Mui (“Mrs Lam-Khong”).
Mrs Foo-Lim had also enclosed two reports by Dr Tan dated 10 October 2005 and
2 November 2005 and a report by Dr Goh dated 1 November 2005. These reports
and interviews, as reflected in Mrs Foo-Lim’s written assessment, concertedly
indicated the appellant’s need for and responsiveness to treatment, as well as
the commitment on the part of the appellant and those around her to achieving
her recovery and rehabilitation.

34 Mrs Foo-Lim observed in the probation report that the appellant was
forthcoming and co-operative during investigations and readily admitted to her
wrongdoings. The appellant hoped to be given a chance and was willing to
undergo probation. She had abided by a trial curfew from 9.00pm to 6.00am
during the investigation period.

35 The appellant attributed her offences to her inability to fight her
“urges”. She acknowledged that she felt a sense of accomplishment when she was
able to shoplift without getting caught. Although she was aware of her medical
condition, she had difficulty accepting it initially and was keen to be off
medication so as to be considered “more normal”. She kept her arrest on 27
April 2005 to herself and was bailed out by an ex-primary schoolmate. She
resumed taking her medication but did so irregularly. When she was arrested on
12 May 2005, she again kept it from everyone except a church friend who bailed
her out. Her mother was not aware of her stealing habit until recently as she
did not want her mother to worry about her.

36 The appellant was now seeing Dr Tan on a daily basis, and she had been
receiving counselling under Mrs Lam-Khong, a registered counsellor with the
Singapore Association of Counsellors. Mrs Lam-Khong had taught the appellant
some strategies to manage her “urges”. Mrs Lam-Khong reported that the
appellant was generally responsive and had learnt to be more aware of her
“urges”.

37 Mrs Foo-Lim stated that appellant was also aware of the need to take her
medication daily. However, she would still occasionally forget to take her
medication at home, and would then take her medication at Dr Tan’s clinic. She
would feel the “urges” even while on medication, although she was better able
to fight them with the strategies she had been taught. She admitted to having
stolen while on medication between June 2005 and October 2005, when she took
newspapers from a 7-Eleven store while on her way to Dr Tan’s clinic. She
claimed, however, that she had forgotten to take her medication on 15 October
2005 when she was arrested for stealing four pairs of earrings from the Isetan
Departmental Store at Wisma Atria.

38 The probation report confirmed Dr Goh and Dr Tan’s assessment that the
appellant required long-term treatment and medication to address her offending
behaviour. She had resumed taking Prozac daily, and had also been prescribed
Lexotan (bromazepam) to counter the state of “anxiety” induced by the use of
Prozac. The medication alleviated the appellant’s tension and enabled her to
resist her “urges” to a certain extent. However, medication alone was
insufficient to curb her impulse to steal when the “urges” were great, as
evinced by the one occasion when the appellant had stolen newspapers from
7-Eleven store despite being on medication. The appellant’s risk of re-
offending was high. Her initial struggle to accept her condition, take her
medication regularly and resist the temptation to steal contributed to the
commission of the recent offence of 15 October 2005.

39 However, Mrs Foo-Lim considered the support the appellant received from
those around her and her own resolve now to deal with her condition to be
strong positive factors. Her family and her boyfriend’s parents were close to
and concerned about her. The appellant’s latest arrest on 15 October 2005
finally made her family realise the seriousness of her condition and the
extent of support she needed to overcome the challenge she faced.

40 Her family members met with her boyfriend’s parents, who also expressed
their willingness to help. Her family, aunt and uncle and her boyfriend’s
parents all pledged to play an active role in her rehabilitation, and
mobilised their resources to ensure that the appellant remained closely
supervised at all times, including during her trips to shops or stores. A
24-hour supervision plan (at Annex 4 of the probation report) was instituted
to chaperone the appellant while she recovers from her condition and has been
operative since 24 October 2005. The appellant’s sister expressed her
willingness to be the main co-ordinator of all the supervision arrangements,
and was willing to execute a bond if required by the court under s 10(1) of
the POA.

**_The supervision plan_**

41 Under the supervision plan, the appellant’s mother ensures the appellant
takes her medication at 7.00am daily. From Monday to Saturday at 8.00am, the
appellant’s sister walks her from her home to the Ang Mo Kio Mass Rapid
Transit station, where one of the nurses at Dr Tan’s clinic who lives at
Hougang meets her and accompanies her on the journey to Dr Tan’s clinic at the
Mt Elizabeth Medical Centre. The appellant is supervised from 9.00am to 5.00pm
(9.00am to 1.00pm on Saturday) by the nurses (there are four) at Dr Tan’s
clinic where she helps with some administrative work. Her boyfriend’s father,
whose clinic is also located at the Mt Elizabeth Medical Centre, sends her
home thereafter. The appellant then remains at home and under the supervision
of her mother until the next morning. On Sundays at 8.00am, the appellant’s
mother, aunt and uncle bring her to church, where they attend the church
service together and take her home afterwards at 1.00pm. Her mother again
supervises her at home until the next morning.

42 The appellant’s mother, sister and/or brother-in-law will provide any
necessary back-up for all scheduled activities. In the event of any change to
the supervision plan, the appellant will be accompanied at all times by at
least one of the parties mentioned therein. All the parties concerned
confirmed that they understood their respective duties and undertook to fulfil
their responsibilities.

**_The probation report’s recommendation_**

43 Mrs Foo-Lim considered that in order for probation to be viable and to
reduce the appellant’s risk of re-offending, the appellant needed to (a) be
responsible in taking her medication daily under supervision by her mother,
with whom she stays; (b) undergo regular psychiatric and psychological
counselling; and (c) receive very close supervision from her family and
significant persons in her life.

44 In view of the appellant’s commitment and the co-ordinated efforts by her
various caregivers to ensure that she takes her medication daily, receives
therapy and remains supervised at all times, Mrs Foo-Lim recommended that the
appellant be placed on a 24-month probation with appropriate conditions
attached.

**The court’s assessment**

45 In assessing the appropriateness of probation for the appellant, I
carefully considered the facts and recommendations set out in the report and
the parties’ submissions.

46 As a general rule, probation is deemed inappropriate in cases where serious
offences such as robbery or other violent crimes have been committed (see,
_eg_ , _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ ([26] _supra_ at [22]), or where the
offender has prior antecedents, as in the case of _Siauw Yin Hee v_ _PP_ ([20]
_supra_). I regarded the appellant’s offences with considerable severity. I
noted that a mandatory imprisonment term was prescribed for offences of theft
in dwelling under s 380 of the Penal Code. Although it was not unheard of for
probation to be ordered on appeal in lieu of imprisonment for such offences
(see _Lee Kok Thong v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 197 of 1991, cited in
_Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at
p 363), I was cognisant of the fact that the appellant had re-offended while
on bail as well as pending the probation report in respect of which I had
adjourned her appeal. Further, while the appellant had no antecedents, she had
admitted to having stolen on more than 40 occasions since she was nine years
old. The appellant had been extremely foolish in not adhering to her
prescribed prescription and medication, thinking she could control her
impulsive tendencies on her own. The circumstances under which she had re-
offended could not be lightly condoned.

47 Moreover, even where probation has been recommended, the court may on its
own assessment ultimately determine that probation would be inappropriate in
the circumstances of the case. In _Wu Si Yuan v PP_ ([28] _supra_), the
17-year-old appellant had been charged with an offence of consumption of
Ecstasy, a Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), and sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment.
She appealed to have her sentence of imprisonment varied to one of probation.
Pursuant to my request for a probation report, the probation officer
recommended a period of 24 months’ probation coupled with a 12-month stint at
a residential institution such as the Andrew and Grace Home. I nevertheless
found probation to be an unsatisfactory option. The probation officer herself
took the view that the probation prospects were not encouraging, mainly due to
the constant friction between the appellant’s parents, who were either
ineffectively involved or unable to exert any parental authority over the
appellant. The recommended alternative environment of the residential home was
merely a temporary refuge with no apparent focus on, or programme designed to
achieve, the rehabilitation of offenders. Further, the programme was not
tailored towards providing the requisite level of supervision and vigilance. I
therefore declined to accept the recommendation of the probation report and
dismissed the appeal.

48 The circumstances of the present case, however, were evidently different.
The probation report exhibited a meticulously crafted supervision plan to
ensure that the appellant took her medication daily and remained constantly
supervised. The supervision plan, which was effected on 24 October 2005, had
been promptly initiated by the appellant’s family and other caregivers
following her latest offence of 15 October 2005. Although the probation report
was ready by 4 November 2005, I found it significant that the probation report
and the recommendations therein had been intentionally kept from release to
the parties until a day before the hearing of the appeal. By the time the
parties came before me again on 15 November 2005, the supervision plan had
been operative for three weeks. The appellant attested that she had been
compliant in taking her medication at home every morning.

49 The appellant has an exceptional support system borne out of the concerted
effort on the part of several dedicated individuals to achieve her recovery
and rehabilitation. I was impressed by the commitment and resolve of the
appellant’s family and her caregivers to look after her and ensure her
adherence to the supervision plan. Their optimism and concern were no doubt
significant contributing factors to the appellant’s motivation and
determination to recover and turn over a new leaf. A strong and committed
family unit which is ready and willing to take a leading role in the
rehabilitation of an offender is crucial to the success of such rehabilitative
attempts as probation: _Wu Si Yuan v PP_ at [15].

50 I noted that the appellant had been a good student both academically and in
terms of her conduct at school. I noted further that the appellant had
displayed tangible progress in her rehabilitation. According to the probation
report, after leaving Singapore Airlines in July 2005, the appellant has been
helping with some administrative work at Dr Tan’s clinic for which she
receives a nominal sum of about $350 per month. Dr Tan has also involved the
appellant in providing technical support for the lectures he delivers. Dr Tan
expressed that the appellant’s condition, which stems partly from her poor
self-esteem, would improve if she was employed, and suggested possible
employment options for the appellant should she be placed on probation. In the
meantime, the appellant continues to receive psychotherapy and behavioural
therapy under Dr Tan.

51 In my assessment, the extensive and multi-faceted approach taken towards
the appellant’s recovery and reform indicated that her rehabilitative
prospects were premised not on mere prognostication or unfounded optimism, but
on realistic and practical considerations. As long as the appellant remained
faithful in taking her daily dose of medication, her prognosis for complete
recovery was positive.

52 Before me, the Prosecution continued to press for the imposition of a
custodial sentence. Pursuant to my earlier direction, I enquired if any
satisfactory assurance had been obtained that the appellant would, at the very
least, be administered her medication in prison daily, but none was
forthcoming. I found it disappointing that no attempt appeared to have been
made by the Prosecution to procure such an assurance. The appellant’s daily
medication was the most fundamental aspect of the treatment for her condition
so as to curtail her shoplifting impulses.

53 In any event, it was clear to me that bundling the appellant off to prison,
while an apparently convenient and instant panacea, was no solution to her
problem. Incarceration would not serve to deter the appellant, whose offences
were a manifestation of her mental affliction. It would instead exacerbate her
condition and estrange her from the persons crucial to her rehabilitative
progress. It would destroy the very last hope for her recovery.

54 Assuming on the other hand that the objective of incarceration was simply
to put the appellant away so that she could not shoplift, then an imprisonment
term of two and a half months was hardly adequate. What would become of the
appellant upon her release, given that the prognosis of her condition would be
significantly bleaker then than it presently is?

55 I was inclined to order that the appellant be placed on probation in view
of the unique circumstances of the case. I was conscious that the
recommendation for probation had not been made without reservation or
qualification. Subjecting the appellant to probation with attendant conditions
could not constitute an absolute guarantee against her re-offending.

56 Nevertheless, I was in the final analysis persuaded by the exceptional
support and commitment on the part of the appellant’s family and caregivers to
secure the recovery and rehabilitation of the appellant. It was by virtue of
such unflinching support that the essential conditions for the viability of
the appellant’s probation, namely daily medication, regular therapy and
constant supervision, could be fulfilled. The positive indications towards
reform displayed by the appellant were also undoubtedly attributable to the
support she received.

57 The appellant, however, remains ultimately responsible for her own
rehabilitation. I impressed upon her the need to adhere assiduously to the
supervision plan and to take her medication daily. The consequences of default
were assuredly grave. Any breach of her probation order or commission of a
subsequent offence would, under s 5(4) of the POA, render her liable to be
sentenced for her original offences. Given those circumstances, the court will
be left with little alternative but to abrogate the appellant’s freedom of
movement altogether by incarceration for as long as is required for the
protection of both the public and the appellant.

**The probation order**

58 In the premises, I ordered that the appellant be placed on 24 months’
supervised probation with the following conditions:

(a) The appellant is to perform 240 hours of community service;

(b) The appellant is to take her medication daily under supervision by her
mother;

(c) The appellant is to attend regular psychiatric and psychological treatment
sessions;

(d) The appellant is to comply with the supervision arrangement plan as
approved by the probation officer; and

(e) The appellant’s mother, Mdm Hey Ah Kiyau, and the appellant’s sister, Mdm
Goh Lee Ming, are to execute a bond of $10,000 to ensure her good behaviour.

**Conclusion**

59 In the course of these proceedings, it became patently clear to me that the
courts are ill-equipped to deal with mentally afflicted offenders such as the
appellant. The court was unfortunately saddled in this instance with having to
choose between imprisonment and probation, neither of which represented a
truly satisfactory or appropriate solution.

60 The appellant was singularly fortunate to have the kind of support she
received. The sad truth is that, without the benefit of such support, the
appellant could not even begin to perceive the possibility of probation. She
would have been invariably sent to prison, despite the fact that incarceration
was hardly a suitable punishment for someone of her mental constitution.

61 All offenders coming before the courts are dealt with within the confines
of the law. If the courts are to properly adjudicate on cases where the
offender suffers from some medical condition, the courts must be vested with
the requisite sentencing discretion. Alternatively, it is to be greatly
preferred if the Attorney-General’s Chambers would, after proper verification,
refer mentally ill or otherwise deficient offenders to the appropriate
Ministry or government agency where such cases may be more fittingly
administered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

