Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General  
[2005] SGHC 182

Case Number | : | OSB 38/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The applicant in person; Leong Kwang Ian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lai Swee Lin Linda — Attorney-General   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Stay of bankruptcy proceedings – Applicant being
served with statutory demand to pay costs of previous action – Applicant
pursuing new action with intention to recover costs ordered against her in
previous action – Applicant alleging that Attorney-General using costs owed by
her as weapon to prevent her from pursuing matter – Whether good reasons
furnished to justify why appeal should be allowed – Section 64 Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

27 September 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The applicant, Ms Linda Lai Swee Lin (“Ms Lai”), applied for a stay of the
bankruptcy proceedings initiated against her by the Attorney-General. Her
application was dismissed by the assistant registrar, Ms Joyce Low. I affirmed
the assistant registrar’s decision and now give the reasons for dismissing Ms
Lai’s appeal.

2 Ms Lai, a former Senior Officer Grade III at the Land Office, Ministry of
Law, assumed duty on 28 November 1996. She was put on probation for one year.
In the normal course of events, she should have been informed in writing by 27
November 1997 that she was a confirmed employee or that her probation period
had been extended or that her services were no longer required. However, she
received no such notification by that date.

3 On 19 August 1998, Ms Lai was informed that adverse reports about her work
had been received and that her appointment could not be confirmed. Her period
of probation was retrospectively extended for one year, from 28 November 1997
to 27 November 1998. On 17 December 1998, her services were terminated. She
appealed to the Appeals Board and to the Singapore Public Service Commission
(“PSC”) but her appeals were unsuccessful.

4 Ms Lai then made an application under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) for leave to apply for an order of _certiorari_ to
quash the following:

(a) the decision of the Commissioner for Lands/Permanent Secretary (Law)
conveyed to her on 19 August 1998, which extended her probationary period as a
Senior Officer Grade III (Law) for one year retrospectively from 28 November
1997;

(b) the decision conveyed to her on 17 December 1998 terminating her
appointment; and

(c) the dismissal by the PSC of her appeal against the retrospective extension
of her probationary period and the termination of her appointment.

5 Ms Lai also applied for an order of _mandamus_ for her reinstatement as a
confirmed Senior Officer Grade III with effect from 28 November 1997.

6 The High Court granted her leave to apply for an order of _certiorari_ but
not for an order of _mandamus_. However, the Court of Appeal allowed the PSC’s
appeal against the decision to grant her leave to apply for an order of
_certiorari_ : see _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1
SLR 644. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, explained that
the relationship between Ms Lai and the Government was one of employer and
employee and her complaints, if well founded, amounted to breaches of
contract, for which the remedy was provided by private law. As such, the
question of judicial review did not arise and leave to apply for an order of
_certiorari_ should not have been given.

7 After hearing submissions on costs, the Court of Appeal ordered Ms Lai to
pay 50% of the costs of the appeal and the hearing below. The Senior Assistant
Registrar, who taxed the Bill of Costs on 8 March 2005, allowed party and
party costs at $37,060.00 and court fees at $2,276.00. A statutory demand was
served on Ms Lai in April to pay the sum due from her, which amounted to
$19,668.00. Ms Lai applied for a stay of the bankruptcy proceedings. Her
application was dismissed by Assistant Registrar Joyce Low.

**The appeal**

8 Under s 64 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), the court may, for
sufficient reason, make an order staying the proceedings on a bankruptcy
petition, either altogether or for a limited time, on such terms as the court
may think just. In view of this, the issue before the court is whether there
is sufficient reason for a stay of the bankruptcy proceedings. Regrettably, at
the hearing of the appeal, Ms Lai did not furnish any good reason as to why
her appeal against the assistant registrar’s decision should be allowed.

9 During the hearing of the appeal, Ms Lai, who commenced Suit No 995 of 2004
against the Attorney-General for breach of her employment contract after her
action against the PSC was dismissed by the Court of Appeal in 2001, focused
her attention on this new suit, which had nothing to do with the statutory
demand in question. She informed the court that in her new action against the
Attorney-General, she was seeking to recover the costs that she had been
ordered by the Court of Appeal to pay the PSC in 2001. She could not accept
that the question of reversing the Court of Appeal’s order of 29 January 2001
on the costs in her previous suit against the PSC did not arise. In para 7 of
her written submissions, she stated:

Using medical analogy, it was the Defendant which caused the sickness, should
not the perpetrator of the sickness be liable for costs? If there was no
sickness in the first place, there would be no need for any panacea. Using
another analogy, should not the perpetrator of a crime be liable for his
actions?

10 Ms Lai alleged that the Attorney-General was using the costs owed by her as
“a weapon to prevent her from pursuing the matter” so that the “failure to
comply with rules and procedures and the abuse of power would be swept under
the carpet”. She did not substantiate this allegation.

11 After taking all the circumstances into account, I dismissed her appeal
against the assistant registrar’s decision to refuse to order a stay of the
bankruptcy proceedings against her.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

