Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Teo Chee Seng  
[2005] SGHC 45

Case Number | : | CC 3/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jason Chan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the prosecution; Michael Chia (Sankar Ow and Partners) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Teo Chee Seng   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Culpable homicide – Appropriate sentence for causing death of infant where
death not caused by violent act committed in fit of rage – Section 304(b)
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

28 February 2005

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, aged 35, pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder, and punishable under s 304(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) for causing the death of a seven-month-old infant. He admitted to
administering medicated oil into the mouth of the infant on 25 October 2000
between 1.30pm and 5.03pm. A second charge of fabricating false evidence, by
getting one Haidil bin Harun (“Haidil”) to make a false police report stating
that he (Haidil) was the one who put the medicated oil on the deceased infant,
was taken into consideration.

2 The infant was the child of Tay Seoh Hong, aged 30. In April 2000, she
engaged the services of the accused, a private investigator, to check on her
husband whom she suspected to be unfaithful. By June of 2000, Tay and the
accused fell in love with each other, and became lovers. Eventually, Tay
separated from her husband, but she took custody of the infant. The mother of
the accused helped Tay look after the infant.

3 The events relating to the charge began about 1.00pm on 25 October 2000,
when the accused left his flat at Serangoon North to fetch Tay from her
workplace. On the way, he drove to a car park at 61 Serangoon Garden Way with
the intention of buying 4-D tickets. The infant started crying and the accused
then decided to go to another 4-D outlet at Hougang Central. The infant
continued to cry and the accused tried to pacify her by feeding her milk. But
the infant refused to drink the milk.

4 The accused then applied some medicated oil, which his counsel said he was
using for himself, and applied some of it on the lips and nostrils of the
infant. The infant stopped crying but began showing signs of discomfort. The
admitted Statement of Facts stated:

The accused assumed that the deceased was feeling a burning sensation on her
lips and nostrils because of the medicated oil.

But a while later, the infant started to cry again. The accused shouted at her
but she continued to wail. The accused took out the medicated oil again, and
this time, he poured some of it into the infant’s mouth. The deceased stopped
crying. The Statement of Facts stated:

She moved her tongue in and out of her mouth and groaned in discomfort.

The statement recited that the accused then brought the infant along to the
4-D outlet at Hougang Central. And while he was in the queue, the infant
started to cry. The accused was again unable to pacify her and he returned to
the car and tried to feed her milk, but the infant refused to drink. The
accused became frustrated, and applied some more medicated oil on the infant’s
lips and nostrils.

5 After that, the accused drove to a petrol kiosk where he picked up sundry
goods, including a bottle of medicated oil because he had already used up the
previous bottle. He then drove to Riverdale Plaza and tried to feed milk to
the infant again but she refused and started to cry. The accused tried to
force-feed her with no success. He scolded the infant and shook the contents
of the newly-purchased bottle of medicated oil into the infant’s mouth. Her
crying then became softer, and her stomach became bloated. She started
retching and there was a fluid discharge from her nostrils. Then she became
unconscious.

6 The accused then carried the infant from the car and ran into the shopping
mall where he found a clinic. This was now 5.03pm. The doctor did not detect
any obstruction of the airway of the infant. An ambulance arrived at 5.30pm
and took the infant to the Kendang Kerbau Women and Children’s Hospital where
the infant was pronounced dead at 6.30pm. Salicylate, menthol and eucolyptol
were found in the stomach contents of the infant. On 26 October 2000, the
forensic pathologist certified the cause of death as “acute salicylate
poisoning”.

7 In mitigation, counsel for the accused related the domestic problems of the
accused that were causing him severe acute stress. He was at the material time
going through divorce proceedings with his wife of seven years. He was
fighting for custody of his two young children. Even after he had obtained
custody of the children, he was unhappy with his wife’s rights of access, and
continued to dispute this issue with her. Counsel stated that the accused had
a history of “acute situational reaction”. Counsel stated on behalf of the
accused that he had no intention to kill the infant, and in fact loved the
child.

8 The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) produced a list of previous cases
involving the homicide of infants, the sentences of which were between five
years’ imprisonment and ten years’ imprisonment. The maximum punishment for an
offence under s 304(b) is ten years imprisonment or fine or both. Although
they were all cases involving infant deaths, the common factor was that they
all involved a violent act committed in a fit of rage. The diverse sentences
within the range in s 304(b) are the natural consequences of the different
types of injuries and the manner in which they were inflicted. So, although
any homicide is a culpable homicide, the nature and circumstances of the
injury leading to the death are important factors in the court’s assessment of
sent

9 In the present case, the accused was also angry and frustrated like the
accused persons in the cases cited to me. Some of those cases also involved
crying babies. But, from the Statement of Facts, this was not a case of an
extreme case of fury leading to an act of extreme violence. The accused in the
present case was clearly frustrated, and angry, but he was attempting to find
alternative ways of stopping the child from crying. The Statement of Facts was
not clear, and I cannot read too much into that, but it seemed like a long
afternoon (from about 1.00pm to 5.03pm) for the accused.

10 A man who fires a gun at another, aiming at his abdomen, without an
intention to kill, but who knows that his act is likely to kill, commits
culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 299 of the Penal Code, and
is liable under s 304(b). The phrase “knowledge that he is likely by such act
to cause death”, in criminal law jurisprudence, has a bearing of certainty,
and not merely a probability, of death. But it lies somewhere between an
intention to kill and recklessness. The latter constitutes a mental element
that has no regard whether the act is or is not likely to cause death. The
diversity of facts in individual cases is always a challenge to the courts
when it comes to the determination of the facts, in relation to statutory
distinctions of the different categories of the mental element in the crime.
There is a significant difference between firing a gun at a person and, for
example, as in the present case, feeding medicated oil to an infant. The
apparent motive of the accused was primarily to stop the child from her
incessant crying. That his senses were overcome by frustration and anger was
not a mitigating factor, but it might constitute a sympathy factor, which is
different. A sympathy factor may determine whether the court might wish to
impose the high or low end of a sentence usually meted out in similar cases.

11 In a case under s 304(b), the court has the discretion to determine a
sentence of imprisonment of up to ten years. But, the question is, what is the
criteria for such determination? Where possible, a sentencing court ought to
apply whatever objective criteria as may possibly be achieved. Nonetheless,
there will ultimately be a strong subjective element in every case, where, as
a result, the sentence may differ from court to court. The short and
straightforward facts in each case will form the major part of the objective
factors for consideration. The evaluation of those factors is subjective.
Since offences falling within s 304(b) will vary from case to case, and the
court has only ten years within which it will have to determine the
appropriate sentence, I am of the view that a term of seven to ten years would
be appropriate for the varying circumstances of the more culpable cases, such
as those involving a violent assault. For cases such as the present, the mid-
range of four to seven years would be appropriate. Although there are no
immutable principles that might determine precise points in a sentence of
imprisonment, I think that seven years would be a fair point for the two
categories to merge. I would leave deserving cases, that is, those with very
strong mitigating factors to be considered, for imprisonment of less than four
years. Within each band, the discretion of the court ought to determine which
end of the band is the more appropriate one.

12 In the present case, I am of the view that it fell well within the mid-
range. The only point which needed a deeper consideration was whether, taking
the second charge into account, the higher end ought to be imposed. Not much
was mentioned about the second charge by either the Prosecution or the
Defence. On the facts available to me, the circumstances concerning the second
charge fortified my impression that the predominant element operating behind
the act was foolishness, and not malice – that is the layer beneath the _mens
rea_ of the crime. A wiser person in circumstances of either the accused or
Haidil would have understood the folly of taking the blame for someone else’s
crime, or as in the case of this accused, in asking someone else to take the
blame for him.

13 In the circumstances, taking into account of the nature and circumstances
of the second charge, I am of the view that a sentence just below the lowest
of those on the list submitted by the DPP would be appropriate. Consequently,
I sentenced the accused to four years’ imprisonment for the offence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

