Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gan Sim Lim v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 107

Case Number | : | MA 16/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  KR Manickavasagam (Manicka and Co) for the appellant; Tan Kiat Pheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Gan Sim Lim — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Appeal against conviction and
sentence for offences of criminal intimidation, voluntarily causing hurt and
theft – Whether trial judge erring in accepting complainant's and prosecution
witnesses' testimonies over appellant's testimony  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Appellant sentenced
to two weeks' imprisonment for offence of voluntarily causing hurt to run
concurrently with other custodial sentences – Whether two weeks' imprisonment
adequate considering aggravated nature of assault – Whether custodial
sentences for various offences to run concurrently or consecutively  
  

13 June 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal from the decision of District Judge Toh Yung Cheong, who
convicted the appellant on three charges under ss 506 (criminal intimidation),
323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 379 (theft) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed). The appellant was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for
criminal intimidation, two weeks’ imprisonment for voluntarily causing hurt
and a fine of $800, in default eight days’ imprisonment, for theft. The
custodial sentences were ordered to run concurrently.

2 The appeal was brought against conviction and sentence. I heard the appeal
and dismissed it. Additionally, I ordered the sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment, imposed in relation to the charge of voluntarily causing hurt,
to be enhanced to three months, and for the custodial sentences to run
consecutively. I now give the reasons for my decision.

**The facts**

3 The appellant was, previously, the boyfriend of the complainant, Miss Kher
Wai Fun (“Kher”), a stewardess with Singapore Airlines. Kher was staying in a
condominium apartment at Ballota Park (“the condominium”). Sometime in October
2004, Kher ended her relationship with the appellant. On 14 November 2004, at
about 10.00pm, the appellant contacted Kher and asked to meet her. Kher agreed
on condition that they met at a public area, such as the poolside at the
condominium, as she did not feel safe meeting the appellant at her apartment.
The appellant agreed.

4 However, when Kher opened the door to her apartment to proceed to meet the
appellant at the poolside, she found the appellant standing right outside her
apartment. The appellant then entered the apartment and both parties had an
argument, upon which Kher told the appellant to leave. Instead, the appellant
grabbed Kher’s handphone (a Nokia 6610 valued at $400) and left for his car.
Kher followed the appellant and asked him to return her handphone or at least
the simcard. Kher also requested the security guards at the condominium’s
guardhouse to prevent the appellant from leaving. However, the appellant
managed to drive away.

5  Kher then used the phone at the guardhouse to call her friend, Terence Ng
Chee Loon (“Terence”). She informed Terence about what had happened and
Terence arrived at the condominium a few minutes later. Kher used Terence’s
handphone to call her own handphone. The appellant answered the call and Kher
demanded that the appellant return her handphone. The appellant refused and
insisted that he wanted to meet her. During this conversation, Kher realised
that the appellant was with her colleague, Ivan Bay Yong Meng (“Ivan”). Kher
agreed to talk to the appellant, but wanted Ivan to come along. The appellant
agreed and both men left to meet Kher.

6 When the appellant and Ivan arrived at the condominium, they were stopped by
the security guard. The appellant got frustrated and quarrelled with the
security guard for about five minutes, after which they were allowed to
proceed. When they arrived at Kher’s apartment, Kher once again demanded that
the appellant return her handphone. The appellant refused, saying it was not
with him. Kher tried to search the appellant to recover her handphone and a
scuffle ensued.

7 In the midst of this, Kher picked up a television remote control and threw
it at the appellant, striking his forehead. She then searched the appellant’s
pocket, found his car keys and ran out of her apartment towards the
appellant’s car. The appellant tried to follow her, but was stopped by Ivan
and Terence. There was a struggle between the three men, during which the
appellant managed to grab the keys to Kher’s apartment. The appellant also
pushed Terence aside, and the latter fell onto a flowerpot outside Kher’s
apartment. The appellant then ran after Kher.

8 By this time, Kher had arrived at the condominium’s carpark, where she met
Lawrence Ng Chee Meng (“Lawrence”), who was Terence’s brother. Terence had
earlier called Lawrence and asked to meet him at the condominium. Both Kher
and Lawrence then started to search the appellant’s car for the handphone but
could not find it. When they saw the appellant approaching them, with Ivan and
Terence following behind, Lawrence stepped forward and blocked the appellant’s
path. The appellant grabbed Lawrence’s neck and raised his left hand to punch
Lawrence. Fortunately, both Kher and Terence managed to talk the appellant out
of this, and he let go of Lawrence. Subsequently, Terence, Lawrence and Ivan
left the condominium.

9 Kher ran back to her apartment, locked the front door and windows and
entered the bedroom. The appellant followed Kher and started to bang and kick
at the front door when he realised that Kher had locked it. He then used the
keys he had grabbed earlier to enter the apartment, and tried to open the
bedroom door by swiping at the lock with a piece of cardboard. Kher managed to
snatch away the cardboard. The appellant started to kick the bedroom door, and
Kher ran into the toilet and locked herself inside. The appellant managed to
break into the bedroom and tried to open the toilet door. Left with no choice,
Kher opened the door, whereupon the appellant barged in, pushed her into the
bathtub and tried to strangle her.

10 He then pulled her into the bedroom and started to kick, punch and slap
her. Kher screamed for help and tried to run away. However, the appellant
managed to grab her and proceeded to throw her about on the floor, where he
continued to kick and punch her. The appellant then picked up a pair of
scissors from a desk in the bedroom and pointed it at Kher, saying “I’ll kill
you” and “Do you believe I’ll kill you?” Kher testified that she believed the
appellant would indeed carry out his threat and that she was willing to comply
if he made any demands.

11 Suddenly, the appellant started to pant very hard and collapsed onto the
floor, swinging his arms and legs as if he was having a fit. Kher tried to see
if he was all right but he did not respond. She then took the scissors, moved
it away from the appellant and ran barefoot out of the apartment to the
guardhouse, where she met security guard Kim Aik Guan (“Kim”). Kher explained
the situation to Kim, whereupon the latter dialled for the police and passed
the phone to Kher.

12 Sergeant Lim Wai Leong Lynyrd (“Sgt Lim”) and Corporal Ang Guek Leng
arrived shortly after and met Kher. Sgt Lim observed that Kher was in a state
of shock and noticed some scratch marks on her arms, neck and nose. He
interviewed her and, after gathering the necessary information, proceeded to
the apartment with her. Kher tried to open the front door, but it was locked
and she did not have the keys to the apartment.

13 However, a few minutes later, the appellant opened the door. Sgt Lim
testified that the appellant smelt of alcohol, and appeared uncooperative and
rude. The appellant told Sgt Lim not to interfere in a “relationship problem”
and to mind his own business. After making some inquiries of both parties, Sgt
Lim proceeded to place the appellant under arrest. He gave Kher a medical
examination form and advised her to go to a government hospital. A pair of
scissors was seized from the bathroom.

14 The next morning, Kher saw her company doctor, Dr Yap Chin Vie (“Dr Yap”).
Dr Yap prepared two reports on Kher’s condition. The first report described
that Kher had suffered contusions and lacerations that were consistent with
soft tissue injury. The second report stated that Kher was suffering from
post-traumatic stress disorder. The appellant too received medical treatment
for swelling over the left forehead, bruises, scratches and other minor
injuries. In the opinion of Dr Phoo Wai Heng, the doctor who attended to the
appellant, the severity of the injuries suffered by him and Kher were
comparable.

**The trial below**

15 The appellant elected to testify in his defence. He claimed that he only
wanted to meet Kher at the material time because he had a buyer for some duty-
free cigarettes which belonged to Kher. Kher allegedly left six cartons of
cigarettes outside her apartment, which the appellant collected and placed in
his car. The appellant then called Kher and insisted that she meet up with him
to talk, failing which he would call the police and inform them about the
duty-unpaid cigarettes.

16 Kher complied and the appellant entered the apartment. While they were in
the apartment, an argument broke out, during which the appellant asked Kher
for her handphone. Kher refused and the appellant proceeded to pick up the
phone from a table in the apartment. He claimed that he only took the
handphone because he wished to read the messages stored in it. The appellant
then left the condominium and met Ivan. He informed Ivan that he wanted to
report Kher to the police regarding the duty-unpaid cigarettes, but Ivan
managed to talk him out of this.

17 The appellant then received a call from Kher, following which he and Ivan
went to the condominium. The appellant denied that he had had an argument with
the security guard, and claimed that the security guard had in fact advised
him to have a “good talk” with Kher. The appellant alleged that when he and
Ivan entered Kher’s apartment, the latter began to yell and scream at him. He
claimed that she slapped and punched him and asked for her handphone.
Subsequently, Terence entered the apartment.

18 At this point, Kher ran out of the apartment, while Ivan and Terence
subdued the appellant. The appellant managed to break free and grabbed hold of
the keys to the apartment. He ran towards the carpark, where he saw Kher and
Lawrence searching his car. A little while later, Kher ran back to her
apartment and Ivan, Terence and Lawrence left the condominium. The appellant
then checked his car and discovered that the six cartons of cigarettes were
missing. He got angry and went back to Kher’s apartment, entering the bedroom
to search for the cigarettes.

19 The appellant alleged that Kher started to punch and kick him repeatedly,
causing him to retreat to the toilet and lock himself inside. The appellant
then heard Kher run out of the apartment. The appellant also discovered that
the bedroom door was jammed and used a pair of scissors to pry it open.
Subsequently, he left the apartment, ran into some police officers and was
arrested.

**The decision below**

20 The district judge found that both the Prosecution’s and the Defence’s
versions, in relation to the events that took place prior to the alleged
threats and assaults, were largely similar. The only major difference related
to the issue of the cigarettes. Essentially, the district judge’s decision
hinged on his assessment of the credibility of the witnesses who testified
before him. He found that Kher was a credible witness, who was frank about her
relationship with the appellant and had also admitted candidly to her
involvement with the duty-unpaid cigarettes. The district judge accepted
Kher’s evidence concerning the events, in particular, the part where the
appellant broke into her apartment, assaulted her and threatened her with a
pair of scissors.

21 Kher also did not appear to be a vindictive witness who was out to frame
the appellant. In fact, the district judge found that Kher had no reason to
frame the appellant, having been the one who broke up with him and wanting
nothing to do with him anymore. Further, her account of the events leading up
to the threat and assault was consistent with the accounts given by the other
prosecution witnesses, namely, Terence, Lawrence and Ivan.

22 In relation to the evidence given by Terence, Lawrence and Ivan, the
district judge held that they were broadly similar to that of the appellant in
many aspects, at least in relation to the events that occurred prior to the
alleged threat and assault. The district judge also found that there was no
evidence that any of these witnesses had discussed and hatched a plan to
retrieve the cigarettes from the appellant, and had only been there to help
Kher and the appellant sort out their personal problems.

23 The district judge therefore rejected the Defence’s theory of a conspiracy
between Kher and the prosecution witnesses. He found the appellant to be an
untruthful witness whose evidence lacked credibility. The appellant attempted
to portray himself as an upright citizen and a former National Service police
officer whose main concern was to make a police report against Kher for
dealing in duty-unpaid cigarettes. The district judge found that the issue of
the cigarettes was purely subsidiary as compared to the appellant’s concern
over his broken relationship with Kher.

24 It was also improbable that Kher had viciously attacked the appellant such
that he had to seek shelter in the toilet. In this respect, the district judge
noted that the appellant was of a larger build than Kher and, since he was a
former National Service police officer, would have had no problem subduing
Kher if the need had arisen. It was against this backdrop that the district
judge examined the three charges against the appellant, and chose to convict
and sentence him on them.

**The appeal**

25 The appellant made the following arguments on appeal:

(a) that the district judge should have disbelieved Kher and believed him
instead;

(b) that the district judge should not have accepted the evidence of the
prosecution witnesses over his evidence;

(c) that the district judge should have accepted his version of events that
Kher and her colleagues had a motive to frame him, as she was dealing in
contraband cigarettes; and

(d) that the district judge placed too much emphasis on Kher’s injuries and
failed to give adequate consideration to the appellant’s injuries, which,
according to his doctor, were “comparable” to those suffered by Kher.

26 I noticed that despite bringing the appeal on sentence, as well as on
conviction, the appellant made no submissions on the matter of sentence. It is
trite law that an appellate court will only interfere with the sentence passed
by a lower court if it is satisfied that: (a) the sentencing judge made the
wrong decision as to the proper factual basis for the sentence; (b) the
sentencing judge erred in appreciating the material placed before him; (c) the
sentence was wrong in principle; or (d) the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive or inadequate: _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126; _Yeo Kwan Wee
Kenneth v PP_ [2004] 2 SLR 45. An appeal against sentence must therefore be
brought on one of these bases. It is disappointing, to say the least, that
counsel for the appellant had omitted to address such a basic issue in his
submissions. Nevertheless, I still proceeded to analyse the appellant’s appeal
against sentence and have included the reasons for my findings.

**_Arguments (a), (b) and (c): The district judge accepted the prosecution
witnesses’ evidence, but disbelieved the appellant_**

27 I observed that the appellant’s first three heads of argument were
essentially the same, _ie_ , the trial judge should have accepted only the
appellant’s evidence as representing the true state of affairs at the material
time. I found it more convenient to deal with these arguments together.

28 In arriving at a decision on the credibility of a witness, trial courts
have consistently relied on observations pertaining to (a) the witness’
demeanour; (b) the internal consistency or inconsistency in the content of the
evidence given by the witness; and (c) the external consistency or
inconsistency between the content of the witness’ evidence and extrinsic
evidence (for instance, the evidence of other witnesses, documentary evidence
or exhibits). These principles are not new, and I recall having highlighted
them in _Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 610 (“ _Farida Begam_
”). The law is also equally clear as to when an appellate court would
intervene in a trial court’s findings on the demeanour of witnesses. In _Yap
Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656, I observed (at [24]):

It is trite law that an appellate court should be slow to overturn the trial
judge’s findings of fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s
assessment of the credibility and veracity of witnesses, unless they can be
shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence.

29 It was notable that the district judge, in his grounds of decision,
expressly referred to the principles in _Farida Begam_ when arriving at his
assessments on Kher’s credibility and the evidence of the other prosecution
witnesses. With these principles in mind, the district judge launched into a
meticulous assessment of the evidence given by each of the witnesses. I found
these assessments to be crucial to this appeal and I considered them in turn.

_Kher’s evidence_

30 I noted that the district judge scrutinised every aspect of Kher’s
evidence, including those given during cross-examination. He observed that
Kher had been consistent and detailed in her evidence throughout the trial,
and was a candid and honest witness. In arriving at this observation, he took
into account the fact that her evidence was unshaken despite having been put
through intensive cross-examination. Apart from simply basing his assessment
of her evidence on her demeanour, the district judge also took particular care
to analyse whether Kher had any reason to frame the appellant. In this
respect, the district judge took note of both Kher’s and the appellant’s
description of their relationship, and the events that occurred at the
material time.

31 He found, first, that Kher had no reason to frame the accused, having
wanted nothing to do with him after their relationship had ended. Next, the
district judge found that if all that Kher had wanted was to get the appellant
arrested, she could have called for the police at any point in time that
night, and need not have waited until after she had been assaulted. The
district judge also considered, in detail, Kher’s conduct immediately after
the assault and her statements to the police, before coming to the conclusion
that Kher was genuinely distressed by the appellant’s behaviour at the
material time.

32 He also exercised caution regarding the weight to be attached to Kher’s
contemporaneous complaint. In this regard, the district judge bore in mind
that the evidential value of a prompt complaint did not necessarily render
Kher’s testimony more credible. Instead, the district judge went further and
took into account the possibility that Kher’s complaint could have been purely
self-serving. However, the totality of the evidence, including the details as
to what had occurred that night at the condominium and Kher’s distressed
reaction to these events, reinforced the district judge’s finding that Kher
was indeed a credible witness.

_Evidence of Terence, Lawrence and Ivan_

33 The district judge found that the evidence of the abovenamed witnesses was
uncontroversial and essentially pertained to only the series of events up to
the time of the alleged assault on Kher in her bedroom. The district judge
also found that there was no indication from any of these witnesses that Kher
had been in cahoots with them to lay a trap to recover the duty-unpaid
cigarettes from the appellant, or to frame the appellant. In fact, the
district judge found that none of these witnesses had even mentioned or
discussed the cigarettes during the material time.

34 Ivan, for one, was with the appellant throughout the course of the events,
and there was no evidence from the appellant that Ivan had mentioned the
cigarettes. Terence and Lawrence had clearly appeared at the scene only to
assist Kher, who was distressed. In this respect, the district judge found
that Terence, Lawrence and Ivan had all along conducted themselves as friends
who were trying to help Kher and the appellant resolve their personal
problems.

35 The district judge added that if these witnesses and Kher had an agenda to
retrieve the cigarettes from the appellant, they could have easily overpowered
the lone appellant to achieve their aim. In fact, the appellant himself
admitted that during his confrontation with Kher, the latter had only asked
for her handphone to be returned and had never mentioned the cigarettes. As
such, in the district judge’s view, there was clearly no evidence of a pre-
arranged plan between Kher, Terence, Lawrence and Ivan to retrieve the
cigarettes from the appellant. The fact that the appellant did not have the
cigarettes with him did not mean that these witnesses had taken them from him.

36 From these findings, it was clear to me that the appellant’s arguments were
baseless. The district judge was faultless in the meticulous manner in which
he analysed each piece of evidence before him. His finding that Kher was a
credible witness, and his acceptance of the evidence of Terence, Lawrence and
Ivan, was probably the only conclusion that could have been drawn in the
circumstances. The accuracy of the district judge’s conclusion became more
apparent when placed alongside his findings on the appellant’s credibility as
a witness. It was plain for all to see that the appellant was vainly trying
his best to portray himself as a model citizen who was only trying to snuff
out an offence, _ie_ , Kher’s involvement with the duty-unpaid cigarettes.

37 On a perusal of the notes of evidence, it was obvious that the appellant’s
primary concern at the material time was to confront Kher regarding their
failed relationship. The cigarettes were a non-issue. In fact, the district
judge accurately pointed out that the appellant had only raised the matter
regarding the cigarettes to Kher as a bargaining chip to make Kher meet him.
If he was indeed such a model citizen, he could have gone to the police
straight away, instead of threatening to report Kher to the police unless she
met him.

38 The appellant’s contention that Kher viciously attacked him was also
unbelievable. The district judge observed the differences in their builds and
found that the appellant would have had no problem overpowering Kher if he had
wanted to. I agreed with this conclusion. In any case, if Kher indeed had been
the attacker, there would have been no need for Kher to run barefoot towards
the guardhouse for assistance. She also would not have suffered genuine
distress or, for that matter, post-traumatic stress disorder, as indicated in
Kher’s second medical report. Additionally, on the objective facts, the
appellant was the aggressive party all along. Even Sgt Lim found the appellant
to be uncooperative and rude. The fact that the appellant had also warned Sgt
Lim not to interfere in the matter also said much about the appellant’s
aggressive stance.

39 On the whole, I found that the appellant was clutching at straws in his bid
to convince me that the district judge ought to have believed him instead of
the prosecution witnesses. There was clearly no objective evidence that
supported the appellant’s version of events. I therefore found no reason to
overturn the district judge’s findings in relation to his assessment of the
witnesses and their evidence, and dismissed the appellant’s arguments.

**_Argument (d): The appellant’s injuries being comparable to Kher’s
injuries_**

40 The appellant argued that his injuries had been assessed as being
“comparable” to those suffered by Kher. It was not clear to me how this
argument was of assistance to the appellant. If the appellant was trying to
establish the point that Kher too had hit him during their encounter, this
would be an aimless venture. I found that the appellant was the aggressor from
the outset. He arrived at Kher’s house, overstayed his welcome, if any, was
violent to Kher and had threatened her with a pair of scissors. In the
circumstances, it would have been perfectly understandable if Kher had hit the
appellant, thereby causing him to sustain injuries, in order to protect
herself from a violent assailant. To my mind, this argument was pointless and
as such, I dismissed it.

**_Conviction and sentence on the charge of theft_**

41 I observed that the district judge first analysed the theft charge and
found that the appellant, by taking Kher’s handphone out of her possession
without her permission, even for a limited period of time, had knowingly
caused wrongful loss to Kher, since she had been deprived of possession and
use of the handphone. In this regard, the district judge turned to s 378 of
the Penal Code, which reads:

**Theft.**

**378**. Whoever, intending to take dishonestly any moveable property out of
the possession of any person without that person’s consent, moves that
property in order to such taking, is said to commit theft

The meaning of “dishonestly”, then, is defined in s 24 of the Penal Code:

**“Dishonestly”.**

**24**. Whoever does anything with the intention of causing wrongful gain to
one person, or wrongful loss to another person, is said to do that thing
dishonestly.

42 Based on these sections, I found that the district judge was correct in
holding that the appellant was guilty of an offence of theft. The crucial
factor, here, would be the element of dishonesty. The appellant must not have
simply taken away the handphone from Kher without her consent, but he must
have done so “dishonestly”. Since the appellant intended to take the handphone
from Kher, at least in order to cause wrongful loss to Kher even for that
short period of time, his taking of the handphone would have been dishonest.

43 I referred also to s 23 of the Penal Code, which defines “wrongful loss” as
“loss by unlawful means of property to which the person losing it is legally
entitled”. The explanation to this section states that “[a] person is said to
lose wrongfully when such person is wrongfully kept out of any property, as
well as when such person is wrongfully deprived of property”. Reading all of
these provisions together, it was clear to me that the theft charge against
the appellant was properly made out, and the district judge was therefore
correct to convict him on it.

44 As for the fine of $800 that was imposed on the appellant, I held that this
was an adequate penalty. In _Packir Malim v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 429, the
offender, who had no prior antecedents, stole items worth $120. He was fined
$1,000. In _PP v Neo Kwang Yang_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 129 of 1998 (7 July
1998) (unreported), the offender pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a
handphone valued at $650. He was fined $2,000. Here, the district judge took
into consideration the fact that the appellant had no previous convictions for
property offences, and that the value of the item was relatively low ($400).
Of course, the value of the item in this case was still higher than that in
_Packir Malim_. Nevertheless, the district judge considered the extenuating
circumstances in this case in arriving at his decision to impose the $800
fine.

45 He gave the appellant the benefit of doubt and accepted his claim that he
only took the handphone to read the messages it contained, and that he had
planned to return it to Kher once he had completed this task. I found that
these facts placed the theft in this case in context. Compared to cases such
as _Packir Malim_ and _Neo Kwang_ _Yang_ , where the offenders in question
took the items solely for material gain, the appellant in this case had no
such objective. I thus felt that the district judge had correctly exercised
his discretion to impose an $800 fine and declined to disturb his conclusion.

**_Conviction and sentence on the charge of criminal intimidation_**

46 Next, the district judge found that the appellant had uttered a threat to
cause death to Kher: “I’ll kill you” and “Do you believe I’ll kill you?” These
formed the charge of criminal intimidation, under the second limb of s 506 of
the Penal Code. Criminal intimidation is defined in s 503 of the Penal Code
as:

**Criminal intimidation**

**503**. Whoever threatens another with any injury to his person, reputation
or property, or to that person or reputation of any one in whom that person is
interested, with _intent to cause alarm to that person_ , or to cause that
person to do any act which he is not legally bound to do, or to omit to do an
act which that person is legally entitled to do, as the means of avoiding the
execution of such threat, commits criminal intimidation. [emphasis added]

Section 506 of the Penal Code reads:

**Punishment for criminal intimidation. If threat is to cause death or
grievous hurt, etc.**

**506**. Whoever commits the offence of criminal intimidation shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years, or with
fine, or with both; and _if the threat is to cause death_ or grievous hurt, or
to cause the destruction of any property by fire, or to cause an offence
punishable with death or with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7
years or more, or impute unchastity to a woman, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, or with a fine, or with
both. [emphasis added]

It was obvious that the appellant only uttered the threats to Kher in order to
alarm or frighten her into complying with his demands. In this sense, the
appellant had indeed committed an offence of criminal intimidation. The fact
that the words uttered were also threats to cause death to Kher exacerbated
the seriousness of the criminal intimidation. The district judge was therefore
faultless in convicting the appellant on the charge of criminal intimidation.

47 In relation to sentence, the district judge took into account a few cases
on this issue. He cited _PP v N_ [1999] 4 SLR 619, where the offender had
threatened to kill his estranged wife. The offender in that case had confined
his wife and tied her up before assaulting her and uttering the threat. The
court in that case sentenced the offender to 12 months’ imprisonment. In
_Ramanathan Yogendran v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 563, the accused was a solicitor who
threatened to kill the complainant. The threat was uttered over the phone. It
was found that since the threat was uttered over the phone, the complainant
would have had time to take measures for his own protection, or called the
police. This diminished the gravity of the offence and therefore the sentence
imposed was six months’ imprisonment.

48 Finally, the district judge cited _Woon Salvacion Dalayon v PP_ [2003] 1
SLR 129, where the offender had threatened to kill her three maids. In
distinguishing cases such as _PP v N_ and _Ramanathan Yogendran_ , I held in
_Woon Salvacion Dalayon_ that the threats in that case were uttered in anger
and on impulse. I imposed a sentence of three months’ imprisonment, observing
(at [43]) that:

In determining the appropriate sentence to be passed in offences of this
nature, the court has to consider carefully the events and circumstances
surrounding its commission. The question to be determined is always this: to
what extent can there be said to have been a serious threat made? In
determining this, both the intention of the maker of the threat as well as the
fear that the victim was put in due to the threat are of great relevance.

49 However, the district judge was of the view that the present case was more
serious than _Woon Salvacion Dalayon_ , even though the appellant here had
obviously uttered the threats in anger and had acted on the spur of the
moment. The district judge found that the appellant had entered Kher’s
apartment without her permission and broken open her bedroom door before going
on to punch, slap, kick and threaten her with a pair of scissors. Kher was
frightened by the appellant’s threat and believed that he would carry it out.
On these facts, the district judge sentenced the appellant to six months’
imprisonment.

50 I found that the district judge was correct in imposing this sentence. The
appellant, unlike the offender in _Woon Salvacion Dalayon_ , had placed Kher
under far more stress and violence, and had also held a pair of scissors when
he was uttering the threats. If not for the appellant’s sudden moment of
hysterics, when he started to pant heavily and writhed on the floor, the
appellant might have gone on to inflict further injury on Kher with the pair
of scissors. In the circumstances, it was understandable that the threat
appeared serious to Kher. Kher was placed under so much fear that she was even
willing to comply with any of his demands at that point in time.

51 However, although the circumstances of the present appeal are more serious
than those in _Woon Salvacion Dalayon_ , I found that they are still of a
lesser degree than those in _PP v N_. In the latter case, the offender had, on
previous occasions, been violent to his wife. Apart from hitting her, he had
also tied and gagged her, and prevented her from leaving in order to force her
to engage in sexual intercourse with him. These actions were far more severe
than those committed by the appellant, whose actions were triggered by his
scuffles with Kher, and were purely a product of his anger.

52 Therefore, although a three-month term of imprisonment would be
insufficient, as it would inaccurately peg the appellant’s conduct to the less
serious conduct of the offender in _Woon Salvacion Dalayon_ , a term of 12
months’ imprisonment would be manifestly excessive. On the facts of this case,
I found that the district judge’s decision to sentence the appellant to six
months’ imprisonment was appropriate and, therefore, I upheld his decision.

**_Conviction and sentence on the charge of voluntarily causing hurt_**

53 The district judge found for a fact that the appellant had punched, kicked
and slapped Kher in her bedroom, the instances of assault for which the
appellant was charged. The charge was thus satisfied and the appellant was
accordingly convicted on it. Although the district judge could not
differentiate between the injuries sustained in the earlier two scuffles from
those sustained in the bedroom, he noted that all of the injuries were
nevertheless relatively minor. However, considering the circumstances in which
the assault took place, including the fact that the appellant had entered
Kher’s apartment without her permission, the district judge was of the view
that a short custodial sentence was appropriate, and sentenced the appellant
to two weeks’ imprisonment.

54 It was not disputed that the appellant assaulted Kher in her bedroom by
shoving her into the bathtub, strangling her, punching her head, slapping her
face, kicking her body and throwing her onto the floor, to list a few.
Therefore, the district judge was indeed correct in convicting the appellant
on the charge. The next issue would then be whether the sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment was manifestly excessive or inadequate, for that matter. One
consideration to bear in mind would be the severity of the injuries sustained
by the victim, with minor injuries attracting fines and more serious ones
warranting custodial sentences. Here, the injuries were minor and in the usual
case a fine would be a sufficient penalty.

55 However, this is obviously not a fixed remedy and in an appropriate case, a
custodial sentence could still be imposed despite the victim having suffered
only minor injuries. Everything hinges on the facts of each case, and on these
facts, there were aggravating factors that merited the imposition of a
custodial sentence. The appellant’s assault on Kher was by no means simple.
The appellant went back to Kher’s apartment most certainly to settle some form
of unfinished business with her, and not to look for the cigarettes, which has
been established as a non-issue. He behaved violently from the outset and
literally broke into her bedroom. He pinned her into a bathtub, clearly
restricting her movements, in order to strangle her.

56 He was still not satisfied and dragged her into the bedroom where he
repeatedly kicked, punched and slapped her. All this time, Kher was unable to
retaliate because the appellant was obviously overpowering her. When she tried
to run away, the appellant would drag her back and rain punches and kicks at
her. He then proceeded to throw Kher around on the floor of the room and
continued to assault her, before picking up a pair of scissors and threatening
her.

57 This was thus clearly not a case where the assault in question was a one-
off slap or punch. It was a continuous assault that could have resulted in
severe injuries, if not for the fact that the appellant became hysterical
suddenly, giving Kher an unexpected opportunity to escape. It was against this
backdrop that I scrutinised the custodial sentence that had been imposed on
the appellant. In the circumstances, I found that a fine would be inadequate,
considering the appellant’s aggravated manner of assault, and held that the
district judge was correct in imposing a custodial sentence.

58 However, I was deeply concerned as to the adequacy of the two-week term of
imprisonment imposed by the district judge. As I have mentioned earlier, this
was not a case of an assault characterised by a one-off slap. It was an
aggravated assault comprising a string of physical abuses that only ended when
the appellant became hysterical. From the facts, it was obvious to me that but
for this moment of hysterics, the appellant would have continued to assault
Kher. The seriousness of the assault was accentuated by the fact that the
appellant was holding on to a pair of scissors before he became hysterical. It
was frightening to think what he could have done to Kher if not for this
period of hysterics.

59 In the circumstances, I found that a two-week term of imprisonment was
insufficient. After much consideration, and taking into account the nature of
the assault in this case, I held that a three-month term of imprisonment would
be more appropriate.

60 I further observed that the district judge had ordered the custodial
sentences to run concurrently. I found that if this holding remained
unchanged, it would render the three-month term of imprisonment nugatory, as
the appellant, regardless of the increase in the custodial sentence on the
charge of assault, would only be incarcerated for a maximum of six months,
being the term of imprisonment on the charge of criminal intimidation. In my
view, the appellant needed to feel the full force of the repercussions for the
offences he had committed.

61 The appellant was essentially a jilted man with a deflated ego. He was
unable to handle Kher’s rejection and resorted to an exaggerated and
aggravated show of violence to express his hurt. In order to cover up his
actual intentions, he concocted a story before the trial court, claiming that
he was a victim of Kher’s scheme, and that he was actually a model citizen who
was on a mission to snuff out Kher’s crime and expose her. I therefore felt
that the appellant’s conduct from the time of the offences up till the trial,
and now on appeal, left no room for sympathy. This was despite the fact that
the appellant had no recorded history of violence. The appellant needed to
face the consequences of his actions in assaulting Kher, and ordering the
custodial sentences to run concurrently would go against this aim. As such, I
ordered the custodial sentences to run consecutively instead.

Appeal against conviction and sentence dismissed. Sentence on charge of
voluntarily causing hurt enhanced to three months’ imprisonment and custodial
sentences ordered to run consecutively instead of concurrently.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

