Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Korea Exchange Bank v Standard Chartered Bank  
[2005] SGHC 220

Case Number | : | Suit 162/2004, RA 307/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah and Cheah) for the appellant / defendant; Toh Kian Sing and Ian Teo (Rajah and Tann) for the respondent / plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Korea Exchange Bank — Standard Chartered Bank   
  
Banking – Letters of credit – Applicable principle – Issuing bank sending
notice of refusal – Negotiating bank re-presenting amended documents for
reimbursement – Issuing bank failing to send another notice of refusal –
Whether issuing bank can rely on discrepancies stated in notice of refusal to
resist payment to negotiating bank  
  
Banking – Letters of credit – Applicable principle – Letter of credit
containing non-documentary condition – Whether effect to be given to non-
documentary condition in spite of incorporation of Art 13(c) Uniform Customs
and Practice for Documentary Credits 1993 (International Chamber of Commerce
Publication No 500)  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Apparent conflict
between provisions of letter of credit – Whether apparently conflicting
provisions may be read harmoniously  
  

29 November 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an appeal by Korea Exchange Bank (the appellant/defendant), the
issuing bank of two letters of credit (“the LCs”) against summary judgment
granted by the learned assistant registrar (“AR”), Mr Vincent Leow, for the
sum of US$1,961,430.67 together with interest and costs. The appellant was
found liable for wrongfully rejecting documents presented by Standard
Chartered Bank (the respondent/plaintiff) as negotiating and confirming bank
of the LCs. In refusing to make payment under each of the LCs, the appellant
had relied on three discrepancies (between the documents presented and the
terms stipulated by such LC), none of which the learned AR found to be valid.

**Factual background**

2 The facts of this case are straightforward and undisputed. The applicant for
the LCs was Petaco Petroleum Inc (“Petaco”), a South Korean company which
purchased gas oil from Trafigura Beheer BV Amsterdam (“Trafigura”). The LCs
were intended to finance the purchase of the gas oil and, accordingly,
Trafigura was named the beneficiary in the LCs.

**_The letters of credit_**

3 The LCs which the appellant issued were made expressly subject to the
provisions of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 1993
(International Chamber of Commerce Publication No 500) (“UCP 500”). The terms
of the LCs are materially similar and are set out below.

(a) |  _M06M8310NS00032_ |  [as amended]  
---|---|---  
50: |  Applicant |  Petaco Petroleum Inc.  
59: |  Beneficiary |  Trafigura Beheer BV Amsterdam.  
32B: |  Currency code, amount |  USD800000  
39A: |  Percentage credit amount tolerance |  10/10  
41D: |  Available with |  By any bank by negotiation  
42C: |  Drafts at |  Sight  
42D: |  Drawee |  Korea Exchange Bank World Trade Center Branch  
45A: |  Description of goods and/or services |  Origin: Japan Gas oil 26,000 BBL +/- 10 pct. Price term: CFR any port(s) in South Korea  
47A: |  Additional conditions |  Late presentation B/L acceptable. Price: The price in US dollars per barrel based on the quantity as determined under clause 12 of the contract shall be on a ex tank price at Pyongtaek, Korea Basis shall be equal to the average of the mean quotations published in the Platt’s Asia Pacific/Arabian Gulf Marketscan for gasoil reg 0.5 pct quotations under the heading Singapore plus a premium of US dollars 3.38 per US BBL. A. Availability by negotiation at sight against following documents. Seller’s commercial invoice (telex/telefax acceptable) Independant [_sic_] inspector’s quantity report at loadport (telex/fax acceptable) Copy of seller’s authorization for release of product to Petaco (telex/fax copy acceptable) Photo copy B/L (telex/telefax acceptable) …3 E. The amount of this letter of credit shall automatically fluctuate to cover any increase/decrease according to the price clause without further amendment to this credit. … J. Documents showing alterations without approval stamp or initials are acceptable.  
49. |  Confirmation instructions |  May add  
(b) |  M06M8310NS00064 |   
  
The material terms and conditions of Letter of Credit M06M8310NS00064 are
similar to those enumerated above save that under “Description of Goods”, the
quantity of gas oil is reflected as “27000 BBL +/- 10 pct”.

4 Each of the LCs called for the presentation of the following documents:

(a) seller’s commercial invoice (telex/telefax acceptable);

(b) independent inspector’s quantity report at loadport (telex/telefax
acceptable);

(c) copy of seller’s authorisation for release of product (_ie_ , gas oil) to
Petaco; and

(d) photocopy of bill of lading.

Because the LCs were available by negotiation, the LCs also called for sight
drafts drawn on the appellant to be presented.

5 It is not disputed that the LCs were available with any bank by negotiation
and that confirmation could be added to them. The respondent added its
confirmation to the LCs. Petaco became insolvent in late 2003. Therefore, the
appellant would have been unable to obtain reimbursement from Petaco if they
had paid under the LCs.

**_Presentation of documents under the letters of credit_**

6 In respect of each of the LCs, Trafigura, as beneficiary, presented to the
respondent the documents called for in each of the LCs (“the Tendered
Documents”). LC No M06M8310NS00064 also called for a “signed commercial
invoice” which was also duly presented. Being of the view that the Tendered
Documents conformed with the terms of each of the LCs, the respondent
negotiated and gave value against the Tendered Documents and credited the
amount under each LC to the beneficiary.

7 On 16 December 2003, the respondent delivered the Tendered Documents to the
appellant with a view to obtaining reimbursement under the LCs. On 27 December
2003, the appellant sent a notice of refusal in respect of each LC, rejecting
the Tendered Documents presented thereunder on the basis that the documents
contained three alleged discrepancies. In response to the above notices of
refusal, the respondent replied on 29 December 2003, refuting all the
discrepancies alleged.

8 The respondent stated that it would re-present the Tendered Documents
without prejudice to its position that the initial presentation was in
conformance with the LCs and that the refusal was therefore wrongful.

9 On 29 December 2003, in order to answer one alleged discrepancy raised in
regard to the seller’s authorisation, the respondent re-presented the Tendered
Documents to the appellant. The re-presented copy of the seller’s
authorisation was amended to remove the alleged discrepancy. It was made clear
to the appellant that the re-presentation by the respondent was without
prejudice to the respondent’s position that the Tendered Documents as
presented on 16 December 2003 complied with the terms and conditions of the
LCs. The appellant did not send a notice of refusal in response. Neither did
it return the Tendered Documents.

**The issues**

10 Of the three discrepancies raised by the appellant in respect of each of
the LCs, the only one remaining in contention is that raised by the comment
“Amount Overdrawn”, the others having been abandoned by the appellant for the
purposes of this appeal. As regards this alleged discrepancy, the respondent
raised a preliminary objection at the hearing before me that such a
description of the discrepancy was inaccurate and lacked particularity.
Although, in an affidavit filed on behalf of the appellant in the O 14
proceedings, it was subsequently clarified that the seller’s invoice was
overdrawn in the sense that it exceeded the LC limit of US$800,000 +/-10%, the
respondent argued that it was not open to the appellant to embellish belatedly
its initial statement of the discrepancy.

11 Examination of the sources cited in support of the respondent’s proposition
do not appear to bear out the respondent’s contention. Raymond Jack, Ali Malek
& David Quest, _Documentary Credits_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 2001) at pp
120–121 appear to be concerned more with the need for a notice of refusal to
identify all discrepancies on pain of the issuing bank being precluded from
adding on other discrepancies at a later date if it failed to do so. (This, of
course, is understandable as a beneficiary will need to rectify all
discrepancies within the time limit of the credit and ought not to be
confronted with discrepancies raised in piecemeal fashion. Indeed, the
Singapore courts in _United Bank Ltd v Banque Nationale de Paris_ [1992] 2 SLR
64 and _Amixco Asia (Pte) Ltd v Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd_ [1992] 2 SLR 943
accepted this principle when they dealt with earlier versions of the UCP 500.)
In contrast it seems permissible for a later communication to clarify what was
already identified as a discrepancy in the original notice of refusal:
_Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd v Arab Bank plc_ [1997] 2 SLR 805 at
[31].

12 Be that as it may, I accept that there is a need for sufficient clarity in
a notice of refusal so that the beneficiary may know for certain what needs to
be rectified. That said, I am of the view that in the present case, the use of
the words “Amount Overdrawn” sufficiently conveyed the issuing bank’s
objection. Certainly the respondent was left in no doubt as to its purport.

13 So then, the first issue in this appeal is whether the claim for
reimbursement of US$939,789.01 and US$1,021,641.66 exceeded the respective
credit amounts in the LCs. The second issue is whether or not the appellant
was obliged to issue a further notice of refusal in respect of the second
presentation of the Tendered Documents on 29 December 2003, given that the
Tendered Documents still had the discrepancy as to overdrawing already
specified in the notice of refusal issued to the respondent on 26 December
2003.

**Whether claim exceeded credit limits**

**_Construction of terms of the LCs material to the alleged discrepancy_**

14 Field 32B of each of the LCs provided as follows:

Currency code, amount USD800000.

Field 39A provided as follows:

Percentage credit amount tolerance 10/10.

Field 47A of the LCs (as amended) listed “Additional Conditions” amongst which
were the following:

Price: The price in US dollars per barrel based on the quantity as determined
under clause 12 of the contract shall be on a ex tank price at Pyongtaek,
Korea Basis shall be equal to the average of the mean quotations published in
the Platt’s Asia Pacific/Arabian Gulf Marketscan for gasoil reg 0.5 pct
quotations under the heading Singapore plus a premium of US dollars 3.38 per
US BBL.

…

E. The amount of this letter of credit shall automatically fluctuate to cover
any increase/decrease according to the price clause without further amendment
to this credit.

15 The appellant’s case is that as provided in Fields 32B read with 39A, the
LCs were each for an amount of US$800,000 plus or minus 10%, _ie_ , ranging
from US$720,000 to US$880,000; the amounts claimed by the respondent being in
each case in excess of the upper limit of $880,000, the appellant was not
obliged to make payment. In other words, the appellant regarded Fields 32B and
39A as paramount.

16 The respondent, however, took the position that Additional Condition E
prevailed over the provisions of Fields 32B and 39A. In its view, the “+/-10
pct” tolerance in the credit limit was meant to cater to a similar percentage
tolerance for the volume of gas oil shipped, as provided for in Field 45A in
the following terms:

Description of goods Origin: Japan

and/or services: Gas oil 26,000 BBL +/- 10 pct.

(Note: In the case of LC No M06M8310NS00064 the number of barrels was 27,000.)

17 The respondent contended that Additional Condition E catered to
fluctuations in the price of the gas oil and that the credit limit provided
for in Fields 32B and 39A could be exceeded without the need for amendment of
the LCs.

18 Additional Condition E may be divided into two parts:

(a) The amount of the LC shall automatically fluctuate to cover any
increase/decrease according to the price clause; and

(b) Such automatic fluctuation in the LC amount is to take effect without
further amendment to the LC.

It is pertinent to note that the fluctuation in this provision is not
expressed to be subject to any tolerance limits.

19 The appellant, however, contended that Additional Condition E allowed for
fluctuation in the price of gas oil without the need to amend the LC provided
the price payable for the gas oil shipped was within the “+/-10 pct” tolerance
for the LC amount stipulated for under Field 39A.

20 In my view, such a construction would throw up two difficulties. Firstly,
if the price increase was capable of being accommodated by the tolerance limit
in Field 39A, then Additional Condition E became superfluous. Secondly, if the
tolerance in the credit limit was completely taken up by a maximum increase of
10% in the volume of gas oil, Additional Condition E would have to be
disregarded and given absolutely no effect even if there was a price increase.
The appellant’s construction is untenable as it would offend against two rules
of construction.

21 Firstly, it would offend on both counts against the rule succinctly stated
in Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2004) (“ _Lewison_ ”) at p 198, as follows:

In construing a contract all parts of it must be given effect where possible,
and no part of it should be treated as _inoperative_ or _surplus_. [emphasis
added]

Secondly, it would offend against the principle that in order to arrive at the
true interpretation of a document, a clause must not be considered in
isolation but rather in the context of the document as a whole: Lewison at p
193.

22 In _Chamber Colliery Company, Ltd v Twyerould_ [1915] 1 Ch 268 (Note), Lord
Watson said (at 272):

I find nothing in this case to oust the application of the well-known rule
that a deed ought to be read as a whole, in order to ascertain the true
meaning of its several clauses; and that the words of each clause should be so
interpreted as to bring them into harmony with the other provisions of the
deed, if that interpretation does no violence to the meaning of which they are
naturally susceptible.

A reading of the contract as a whole sometimes results in one clause taking
effect subject to another apparently inconsistent clause. Thus, in _Howe v
Botwood_ [1913] 2 KB 387, there were two such inconsistent clauses in a lease.
One imposed a covenant on the tenant to pay outgoings and assessments and the
other required the landlord to keep the exterior of the property in repair. A
dispute arose between the tenant and the landlord as to who should bear the
cost of complying with a notice served by the sanitation authority. Channell J
held (at 391):

The expenses of executing the work would under this covenant fall on the
plaintiff. If therefore that covenant by the plaintiff had stood alone without
the covenant by the defendant, that is how I should construe it. That
covenant, however, has to be read with the earlier covenant by the tenant to
pay and discharge all outgoings. There are thus two covenants, one placing the
burden on the tenant and the other placing it on the landlord. We must
construe the lease as a whole so as to make it consistent in both its parts.
In my opinion the covenant by the tenant must be read as if it contained the
words “except such as are by this lease imposed upon the landlord.” By reading
that exception into the covenant by the tenant the two covenants can be read
together.

23 Likewise, in the present case, the provisions of Fields 32B and 39A
limiting the credit limit to US$800,000 “+/- 10 pct” should not be read in
isolation but should be considered in the context of the LCs as a whole. When
that is done, it will be seen that there is an _apparent_ conflict between
those provisions and the automatic fluctuation clause in Additional Condition
E. I use the word “apparent” advisedly for, in my view, the conflict can be
resolved so that Additional Conditional E prevails over Fields 32B and 39A.
The key to this resolution is found in the wording of Additional Condition E
itself; as noted earlier, the second part of Additional Condition E provides
that any fluctuation in the LC amount shall take effect _without further
amendment to the credit_. In my view, that is as good as saying
“Notwithstanding the credit tolerance limit provided under Fields 32B and
39A”.

24 I regret to say I am unmoved by the appellant’s plea that on the
construction contended for by the respondent, the appellant’s liability under
the LCs would be unlimited. It is untrue that such a construction would render
the LC similar to a “blank cheque” as the appellant’s counsel described it.
Under Additional Condition E, the increase in the credit is limited by the
increase in the price of oil. Even if, as recent events have shown, the price
of oil could escalate dramatically, there is still a limit. Besides, the
problem with the provisions being of the appellant’s making, they ought to be
construed against the appellant. If there is any ambiguous or unclear term in
a letter of credit, a confirming bank is entitled to take a reasonable
construction thereof even if, upon closer consideration in an action in a
court of law, it is possible that some other interpretation is to be
preferred: _Credit Agricole Indosuez v Muslim Commercial Bank Ltd_ [2000] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 275.

**_Non-documentary condition_**

25 In addition to its submissions on the proper construction to be given to
the provisions in question, the appellant had a second string to the bow. The
appellant argued that the price clause in Field 47A was a non-documentary
condition which, by reason of Art 13(c) of UCP 500, was to be treated as not
stated and therefore disregarded; Additional Condition E, being inseparably
linked to the price clause, had to suffer the same fate. Article 13(c) reads
as follows:

If a Credit contains conditions without stating the document(s) to be
presented in compliance therewith, banks will deem such conditions as not
stated and will disregard them.

The respondent’s rebuttal was multi-pronged. Firstly, it contended that the
two provisions did not impose non-documentary conditions, the latter being
_requirements_ stipulated in a letter of credit, the satisfaction of which
could only be achieved by reference to extraneous factual matters rather than
the documents presented.

26 Secondly, the respondent argued that even if the price clause was a non-
documentary condition, Additional Condition E clearly was not and was capable
of standing on its own even if the price clause were disregarded; one should
just ignore the reference therein to the price clause. It reasoned that to do
so would be to give a purposive interpretation to the clause so as not to
frustrate the intention behind the inclusion of the automatic fluctuation
clause in the LCs, _viz_ , to facilitate the trade in gas oil where contract
prices, rather than being fixed, are usually linked to a benchmark.

27 Cogent as they may be, my own preference is to take a step back and look
into the purpose behind the introduction of Art 13(c) in UCP 500.

**_Purpose of Art 13(c) in UCP 500_**

28 The mischief at which Art 13(c) is aimed is clear. As pointed out in the
International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Banking Commission Position Paper No
3, the specific purpose of this sub-Article was to eradicate the totally wrong
practice of incorporating non-documentary conditions into documentary credits.
This practice presented serious difficulties to the bank and went against the
principles of Art 4 of UCP 500 which provides:

In Credit operations all parties concerned deal with documents, and not with
goods, services and/or other performances to which the documents may relate.

29 Article 13(c) therefore stipulates that if a credit contains conditions
without stating the document(s) to be presented in compliance therewith, banks
will deem such conditions as not stated and will disregard them. This solution
was preferred against the alternative which was to allow banks to exercise
their discretion to accept any document which they deemed sufficient in
purported compliance with a non-documentary condition. As Charles del Busto,
the chairman of the drafting group of UCP 500 stated in _Documentary Credits:
UCP 500 & 400 Compared_ (Charles del Busto ed) (ICC Publication, 1993) at p
43:

The onus must be placed on the Applicant and the Issuing Bank to issue the
Credit properly. They cannot be allowed to shift this responsibility to other
parties. The Applicant and the Issuing Bank must be the ones who must
determine the document required to satisfy a non-documentary condition.

Article 13(c) therefore avails the negotiating bank or confirming bank against
the issuing bank and, arguably, the issuing bank against the applicant.

30 What the appellant, as issuing bank, sought to do in the present case was
to invoke Art 13(c) against the respondent as negotiating and confirming bank.
This was turning Art 13(c) on its head. Besides, in invoking Art 13(c) and
thereby contending that Additional Condition E was to be disregarded, the
appellant was seeking to renege on its obligations under Additional Condition
E. This leads us to another reason why the appellant should fail in its
attempt to invoke Art 13(c).

**_Primacy of express terms_**

31 To put it shortly, the contest is between two express provisions of the
LCs, _viz_ , the price clause and the automatic fluctuation clause (Additional
Condition E) on the one hand and Art 13(c) on the other which was incorporated
by reference when the terms of UCP 500 were made applicable.

32 Article 1 of UCP 500 provides that where the provisions of UCP 500 have
been incorporated into the terms of the credit, they shall apply “unless
otherwise expressly stipulated in the Credit”. The quoted words have not been
interpreted so stringently as to mean that only an express _exclusion_ of any
particular provision of UCP 500 will have effect. It is enough if an express
provision in the LC stipulates a requirement which is clearly at odds with a
provision in UCP 500 in circumstances where an implication may be drawn that
the intention was to exclude the operation of the UCP provision in question.
In such an event, the express provision will override the provision of the UCP
incorporated by reference only. In _Documentary Credits_ ([11] _supra_) at
para 8.18 the writer states:

[T]he parties to a contract are free to make their own bargain within the
limits of the law, and the Uniform Customs do not have the force of law. It is
clear that, if a credit expressly provided that Article 13.c should not apply,
it would not. It can be strongly argued that the same result can be achieved
by implication in appropriate circumstances. For the inclusion of a term in
the credit that payment is only to be made if a non-documentary condition is
satisfied is an expression of the parties’ intention which is specific to that
credit and to which it may be assumed from the circumstances that the parties
have directed their attention. It is a principle of English law relating to
the construction of contracts that, where there is a conflict between an
express term of the contract and a standard incorporated term, the express
term should be given preference on the ground that it is a term to which the
parties have given their attention. Where a credit is issued containing a non-
documentary condition among those to be satisfied before payment, it can
certainly be argued that it is Article 13.c which must give way. The strength
of the argument will be increased the greater the importance of the condition
to the working of the credit. At that point, a further difficulty might arise
because the court might find that Article 13.c had been excluded as between
the applicant and the issuing bank but not as between the issuing bank and the
beneficiary. The bank might then find itself in the most unfortunate position
of being obliged to take up the documents but unable to pass them on if there
was a non-documentary discrepancy. It is suggested that in the absence of an
express exclusion an English court will seek to uphold the scheme of the
Uniform Customs by requiring all effective conditions to be documentary.

33 In the present case, the importance of the price clause and the automatic
fluctuation clause to the working of the credit is obvious. Without it, the
credit would be unworkable as the price for the gas oil is not fixed but
fluctuates with a benchmark. Therefore, even if they were non-documentary
conditions, effect should be given to the two express clauses rather than to
Art 13(c). Such was the approach of the Singapore High Court in _Kumagai-
Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd v Arab Bank plc_ ([11] _supra_).

34 Judith Prakash J held as follows in [25] and [26] of her judgment:

It has to be remembered, however, that the provisions of UCP-500 were not
expressly repeated in the credit. Instead they were incorporated by reference.
It is a well known principle of construction of contracts that the express
terms of the contract are capable of overriding terms incorporated by
reference if inconsistent with such incorporated terms. This position was
recognised by Raymond Jack during his discussion of the effect of art 13c.

(Then followed a quotation of the above passage in _Documentary Credits_ in
the form in which it appeared in the 2nd Ed of the same book by Raymond Jack.)

Whilst I recognised the desirability of upholding the provisions of UCP-500 in
general, it appeared to me that in this instance the circumstances were such
that the credit could only be operated if the non-documentary conditions ie
the ascertainment of the fact and quantum of Low’s obligation were satisfied.
Otherwise the credit did not make sense since the implication was that any
amount within the maximum limit of the credit could have been demanded
irrespective of the effect of the two judgments. I therefore found that in
this case art 13c had been excluded by implication because of the express
working of cl 2 of the credit.

35 The Court of Appeal in _Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd v Arab Bank
plc_ [1997] 3 SLR 770 upheld Prakash J’s decision. The court ruled that what
the learned judge had decided was not inconsistent with the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in _Forestal Mimosa Ltd v Oriental Credit Ltd_ [1986]
1 WLR 631 upon which the appellants relied. In that case, Sir John Megaw had
said, at 639:

The marginal note which I have cited provides unambiguously that, except
insofar as otherwise expressly stated, this documentary credit is subject to
the Uniform Customs. Unless, therefore, there is some express provision which
excludes the Uniform Customs terms, they have got to be brought in. There is
no such express provision excluding any relevant part of the Uniform Customs.
It might be that, if it could be shown that there was some irreconcileable
[_sic_] inconsistency between the Uniform Customs terms and the other terms of
the document, the Uniform Customs terms would have to be ignored. In my
judgment, there is no justification for reading into the contract any implied
exclusion; and — I think this is probably part of the same proposition — there
is no inconsistency between the terms which the Uniform Customs would
incorporate and the terms which appear on the face of the document itself. On
the contrary, those terms have been included by reference to the Uniform
Customs terms, and are to be interpreted by reference to the relevant parts of
the Uniform Customs terms.

The Singapore Court of Appeal held that in the case before them there indeed
was an “irreconcilable inconsistency” between the express provisions in the LC
and the provisions of the UCP 500 (albeit the particular provision thereof
referred to was Art 13(a).)

36 In England, despite the suggestion at the end of the passage from
_Documentary Credits_ cited above ([32] _supra_), a similar attempt to invoke
Art 13(c) failed in _Credit Agricole Indosuez v Generale Bank and Seco Steel
Trading Inc and Considar Inc_ [2000] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 123. Indeed, it would
appear that in the only two reported decisions cited before me where Art 13(c)
was invoked, the English and Singapore courts declined to give effect to it.

37 For all the foregoing reasons, therefore, I hold that the appellant’s
contention that the price clause and the automatic fluctuation clause should
be disregarded must fail. It follows that the amount of payment sought by the
respondent did not exceed the credit limit of the LCs.

38 Having so decided, it is not strictly necessary that I consider the second
issue, _viz_ , whether it was incumbent upon the appellant to issue a second
notice of refusal when the Tendered Documents were re-presented. However, as
considerable effort was put into submissions on this point by counsel on both
sides, it is perhaps appropriate that I do so.

**Whether a second notice of refusal was required**

39 It will be recalled, from my earlier account of the events, that on 29
December 2003 the respondent made a second presentation of the Tendered
Documents to the appellant which were the same as before except that the
seller’s authorisation had been amended to correct what the respondent called
a “spurious discrepancy”. In particular, the alleged overdrawing was not
rectified. The re-presentation was made without prejudice to the respondent’s
position that the Tendered Documents as earlier presented on 16 December 2003
were fully compliant. The appellant did not send a notice of refusal in
response. Neither did it return the Tendered Documents.

40 The respondent contends that by reason of such failure, even if the
Tendered Documents were discrepant, the appellant is now precluded by Arts 13
and 14 of UCP 500 from so asserting. In particular, Art 14(d) and (e) provide
as follows:

(d) i If the Issuing Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any, or a Nominated Bank
acting on their behalf, decides to refuse the documents, it must give notice
to that effect by tele-communication or, if that is not possible, by other
expeditious means, without delay but no later than the close of the seventh
banking day following the day of receipt of the documents. Such notice shall
be given to the bank from which it received the documents, or to the
Beneficiary, if it received the documents directly from him.

ii Such notice must state all discrepancies in respect of which the bank
refuses the documents and must also state whether it is holding the documents
at the disposal of, or is returning them to, the presenter.

iii The Issuing Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any, shall then be entitled to
claim from the remitting bank refund, with interest, of any reimbursement
which has been made to that bank.

(e) If the Issuing Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any, fails to act in
accordance with the provisions of this Article and/or fails to hold the
documents at the disposal of, or return them to the presenter, the Issuing
Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any, shall be precluded from claiming that the
documents are not in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Credit.

It is important to note that Arts 13 and 14 do not distinguish between the
first and subsequent presentations. Neither is such a distinction drawn in any
of the standard texts on documentary credit to which I have referred.

41 The respondent cited the Opinion of the ICC Banking Commission, Reference
R328 – 1998/99 where it was stated that Art 14(d)(i) of UCP 500 applied
“whether the documents are a first presentation or a presentation on the basis
of _corrected documents_ ” [emphasis added].

42 Support for the respondent’s position may also be found in the judgment of
Evans J in _Floating Dock Ltd v The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation_
[1986] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 65 at 80. In what appears to be _obiter dicta_ , the
learned judge opined that the failure of an issuing bank, in its second notice
of refusal, to cite a valid discrepancy which it had properly cited in its
first notice of refusal precluded the bank from relying on such discrepancy.
_A fortiori_ in the present case where even if there was a valid discrepancy,
the appellant simply gave no second notice of refusal.

43 The appellant sought to argue that a party presenting documents for payment
had to act in good faith; where, as in this case, the respondent already was
aware of the discrepancy (having been previously notified under the notice of
refusal) its re-presentation was in bad faith and could not be considered a
presentation for purposes of Arts 13 and 14.

44 I do not see how the re-presentation of the Tendered Documents (with
amendment to the seller’s authorisation) could be criticised as lacking in
good faith. The respondent was convinced that the Tendered Documents were
compliant and were well entitled to re-present them for payment. It was surely
no hardship for the appellant to respond a second time even if it was only to
reject the Tendered Documents once again.

45 I agree with the respondent that to read into the UCP 500 an overriding
requirement of good faith may require banks to go beyond documentary
examination. This would be contrary to the fundamental principle in
documentary credit that banks deal only with documents. In similar vein,
albeit not entirely _apropos_ , Art 15 of UCP 500 provides, _inter alia_ ,
that “[b]anks assume no liability or responsibility … for the good faith … of
the consignors, the carriers, the forwarders, the consignees or the insurers
of the goods, or any other person whomsoever”.

46 In summary, I hold that:

(a) the Tendered Documents were not discrepant and that the appellant was not
entitled to reject them; and

(b) even if they were, having failed to give notice of refusal of the Tendered
Documents on the re-presentation thereof, the appellant was precluded by Art
14(e) from claiming that the said documents were not in compliance with the
terms and conditions of the LCs.

Accordingly, the appeal is dismissed with costs to be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

