Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon and Another v Scanlon Graeme John and Others  
[2005] SGHC 62

Case Number | : | Suit 679/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suhaimi bin Lazim and Rohan Harith (Shook Lin and Bok) for the plaintiffs; Tito Shane Isaac and Sadique Marican (Tito Isaac and Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon; Vivaldi Investments Ltd — Scanlon Graeme John; Stanley Adam Zagrodnik; Bulpak Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Oppression – Parties agreeing not to pursue issue of oppression in
court – Whether court having jurisdiction to grant relief under s 216(2) of
the Companies Act where no finding of oppression made – Section 216 Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Companies – Shares – Valuation of shares – Court invited to determine pricing
mechanism for purchase/sale of plaintiff company's shares in defendant company
– Expert appointed to value defendant company's shares – Valuation
unfavourable to plaintiffs – Whether grounds for court to enhance valuation of
such shares existing  
  

30 March 2005

V K Rajah J:

1 The first plaintiff is the former managing director of the third defendant,
a company that he co-founded sometime in or about September 1996 (“the
Company”). The second plaintiff is a company founded by the first plaintiff
for the purpose of holding shares in the Company. As at 18 May 2004, the
second plaintiff held 30% of the Company’s issued capital, _ie_ , 642,000
shares out of an issued capital of 2,140,000 shares.

2 The Company and its subsidiaries (namely, PT Bulkpakindo, a company
incorporated in Indonesia and Bulkpak Ltd, a private limited company
incorporated in the United Kingdom) are involved in the production of custom-
made flexible intermediate bulk containers (“FIBCs”). FIBCs are commonly
utilised to transport a wide range of solids and semi-solids, including
polymers, agrochemicals, minerals, foodstuff, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and
building materials.

3 The first and second defendants are currently directors cum shareholders of
the Company. The first defendant also happens to be the executive chairman of
the Company. As at 18 May 2004, the first and second defendants and/or their
nominees, collectively held 70% of the Company’s issued capital, _ie_ ,
1,498,000 shares out of an issued share capital of 2,140,000 shares.

4 In essence, the plaintiffs’ case against the first and second defendants is
founded on a claim of minority oppression by the first and/or second
defendants (“the liability issue”). The claim is brought under the umbrella of
s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“s 216”). The plaintiffs
charge the defendants with having systematically disregarded their rights and
rely on a broad litany of purported misdemeanours on the part of the
defendants. The defendants, in turn, deny that there is any basis to ground
any claim(s) of oppression, discrimination or undue prejudice. Counter
allegations have been hurled at the first plaintiff, portraying him as an
“unprincipled opportunist”. It is as plain as a pikestaff from the affidavit
evidence that the relationship between the parties is beyond repair.

**The hearing**

5 Prior to the actual commencement of the hearing, I met with counsel and
enquired whether they seriously intended to pursue the liability issue or
whether they would merely be dealing with an equitable exit mechanism for the
parties from the Company. Upon taking clients’ instructions, counsel confirmed
that, “the liability issue need no longer be ventilated. The sole issue
remaining is the pricing mechanism for the purchase/sale of the second
plaintiff’s share in the Company”. Counsel then requested for time to finalise
the terms of reference pertaining to the appointment of an accounting expert
to value the shares in the Company. It bears emphasis that as a consequence of
this agreement, there was no determination by the court on the issue of
whether a case for oppression had been made out by the plaintiffs.

**The expert’s terms of reference**

6 The parties subsequently reached an agreement on the precise terms of
reference for the court-appointed valuer. From the list of nominees proposed
by both parties, I appointed Mr Ong Yew Huat (“Mr Ong”), a senior partner of
Ernst & Young, as the accounting expert for the purposes of valuing the
Company’s shares. It also bears mention that Mr Ong was the preferred nominee
of the plaintiffs. The salient terms of his appointment provided that:

(i) the valuation be carried out on the basis of a notional market value
assuming the shares in the 3rd Defendants (“the shares”) were freely
transferable at the time of the market valuation.

…

(vii)_ The expert shall use such method as he deems appropriate to determine
fair market value of the shares. The Court will fix the valuation date_.

(viii) The expert shall be at liberty to decide proper procedures to receive
evidence and documents from both parties.

(ix)_ The expert’s valuation and any decision on procedures leading up to
valuation shall be final_.

[emphasis added]

7 However, on six issues (all of which were relevant for the purposes of the
valuation), the parties could not reach an agreement. They were:

(a) the valuation date to be applied;

(b) whether withholding tax should be taken into account in the valuation
exercise;

(c) whether an _ex gratia_ payment of $450,000 to the first defendant was
appropriate;

(d) the plaintiffs’ claim for compensatory damages;

(e) whether the defendants’ shareholdings ought to be valued on a minority
basis; and

(f) costs.

8 After considering the affidavit evidence, the witnesses, oral evidence and
the parties’ submissions on these issues, I determined that:

a) … the parties proceed forthwith with the appointment of an expert in
accordance with their agreement dated 1st June 2004. The terms of the
agreement shall take into account that the valuation of the shares is on a
pro-rata basis without any discount being made for a minority interest;

b) The court shall make a decision on whether there should be any further
adjustment to the valuation of the 2nd plaintiffs shares in the 3rd Defendant
(“subject shares”) upon receipt of the expert’s report. Parties are at liberty
to make farther [_sic_] submissions to the court within seven (7) days of
their receipt of the expert’s report, requesting for an adjustment to the
valuation of the subject shares to take into account any other non pecuniary
material circumstance(s);

c) Upon being notified by the court of its final assessment of the value of
the subject shares, the 1st and 2nd Defendants shall have fourteen (14) days
to decide whether they intend to purchase the subject shares at the value
assessed by the court:

i) in the event the 1st and 2nd Defendants agreed to purchase the subject
shares within the period stipulated, they shall complete the transaction
within two (2) months from the date of acceptance;

ii) in the event that the 1st and 2nd Defendants decide not to purchase the
subject shares and the parties fail to agree on any other mechanism for the
disposal of the subject shares within seven (7) days from the date the 1st and
2nd Defendants indicate their intention not to purchase same, either party may
at any time thereafter apply to the court for the 3rd Defendant to be wound
up;

d) For the purposes of his valuation, the expert shall not take into account
the sum of $450,000 granted to the 1st Defendant vide a resolution dated 26th
February 2003. The said resolution is hereby declared to be null and void;

e) There shall be no adjustment to the company’s accounts and/or valuation to
take into account the 3rd Defendant’s agreement to pay for the withholding tax
of the 1st Defendant in the sum of approximately $60,000. The said agreement
shall stand;

f) The date of valuation of the subject shares by the expert, shall be the 7th
of June 2004;

g) The court may, from time to time, make such other directions as may be
appropriate for the valuation of the subject shares and/or for the
implementation of the sale mechanism of the subject shares, pending as well as
after the receipt of the expert’s report;

h) The issue of costs is reserved for further argument after the issues
pertaining to the disposal of the subject shares are resolved;

i) Parties are at liberty to apply.

The parties have not taken issue with these orders/directions and there is no
appeal in respect of any of them.

**The expert’s report**

9 Mr Ong finalised his report on 24 September 2004. After reviewing all the
material circumstances, he concluded:

In arriving at the valuation of BPL, it is important to note that the Net
Asset Value of BPL as at 31 May 2004 is in deficit, ie. negative US$23,867.
However, this is after taking into account shareholders’ (shareholders of BPL)
loans and directors’ loans of US$1,677,698 to PTB, a wholly owned subsidiary
of BPL. If the shareholders and directors continue to expect these liabilities
to be payable by PTB, the fair market value of 100% of the issued share
capital of BPL, as at 7 June 2004 would be nil.

On the assumption that the shareholders and directors treat their loans to PTB
of US$1,677,698 as equity for the purpose of this valuation, the fair market
value of 100% issued share capital of BPL would be US$398,631.

10 Not surprisingly, the plaintiffs were dissatisfied with Mr Ong’s
conclusions and invited me to review his findings and/or modify his
conclusions. They strenuously sought to make out a case for the court to
enhance the valuation. At the resumed hearing on 3 December 2004, Mr Suhaimi,
counsel for the plaintiffs, invited the court to make an express finding
establishing oppressive conduct on the part of the first and second defendants
apropos the plaintiffs, thereby entailing relief pursuant to s 216. He
ventured to suggest in the alternative that even in the absence of any finding
of oppression, the court was still empowered to exercise the powers conferred
on it by s 216. He finally argued that the Company should, on equitable
grounds, be wound up. I disagreed with all of his contentions and declined to
interfere with Mr Ong’s findings. The plaintiffs have appealed against my
refusal to modify Mr Ong’s findings and/or to wind up the Company. I shall now
deal with each and every one of the contentions raised by the plaintiffs.

**Relief under s 216**

11 It would be helpful at this juncture to set out the provisions of ss 216(1)
and 216(2). They stipulate that:

(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground —

(_a_) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(_b_) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

(2) _If_ on such application _the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established_ the Court may, with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of, make such order as it thinks fit and,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the order may —

(_a_) direct or prohibit any act or cancel or vary any transaction or
resolution;

(_b_) regulate the conduct of the affairs of the company in future;

(_c_) authorise civil proceedings to be brought in the name of or on behalf of
the company by such person or persons and on such terms as the Court may
direct;

(_d_) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself;

(_e_) in the case of a purchase of shares by the company provide for a
reduction accordingly of the company’s capital; or

(_f_) provide that the company be wound up.

[emphasis added]

12 It is amply clear from the provisions of s 216(2) that the power of the
court to grant relief is predicated upon the court being “of the opinion that
_either of such grounds is established_ ” [emphasis added]. This obviously
refers to the two grounds set out in ss 216(1)(a) and 216(1)(b) respectively.
It is therefore axiomatic that the court cannot exercise or assume any
jurisdiction to grant relief pursuant to s 216(2) unless a petitioner has
established a case of oppression and/or discriminatory and/or prejudicial
conduct.

13 Notwithstanding this plain meaning of s 216(2), Mr Suhaimi adamantly
contended that the Court of Appeal decision in _Yeo Hung Khiang v Dickson
Investment (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR 129 provided resounding authority
for the proposition that in any proceedings where s 216 was invoked, the court
could grant compensatory damages regardless of whether a case of oppression
had been established. This is a startling proposition, to say the least.
Counsel has, in my view, attempted to add another dimension to the decision
that cannot possibly stand the test of scrutiny.

14 In that case the trial judge had, after considering the valuer’s report,
decided to enhance the value of the shares. In enhancing the value, the trial
judge took into account the benefits and growth which would have accrued to
the subject company but for the oppressive act(s). In dismissing the appeal
the Court of Appeal incisively observed at [71]:

There is no doubt that s 216(2) of the Act, as similar provisions in other
Commonwealth jurisdictions, is a wide-ranging section. In the words of Vincent
J in _Re Bodaibo Pty Ltd_ the section gives the court appropriately extensive
discretionary power to effect justice in the particular circumstances of
individual cases. _As such, we were of the view that the court has the
discretion to enhance the share value in a minority oppression case and that
the learned judge did not err in doing so_. [emphasis added]

15 It is correct that the appellants in that case had complained, _inter alia_
, that the trial judge had erred in his findings by taking into account
allegations of wrongdoings and oppression despite the fact that the petition
had not been heard on its merits. To that extent, it might appear, at first
blush, to have some superficial similarity to the present proceedings. What Mr
Suhaimi regrettably refused to acknowledge is that the relevant circumstances
of that particular case were altogether quite different (at [53]):

… A look at the background facts showed that the petition was stayed _and the
application was in fact heard on the basis that oppression was assumed to have
been established_. It was also for this reason that the respondents agreed at
the hearing … to pay … costs of the petition, subject to submissions as to
quantum. [emphasis added]

16 This passage very clearly puts in context why the trial judge in that case
rightly exercised his jurisdiction pursuant to s 216.

17 In these proceedings the parties had, at the outset, resolved to set aside
their grievances on liability and blameworthiness in an attempt to narrow down
their differences. They expressly agreed at the outset not to try the
liability issue. As a consequence, there was neither any trial on the
plaintiffs’ allegations of oppression nor any findings on the issue by the
court. The matters that the court was called upon to resolve were purely
tangential factual matters and discrete legal issues that were not premised
upon any finding of oppression on the part of the first and second defendants.
Counsel for the plaintiffs were content to take this course of action with the
full knowledge that the court was making no determination on the liability
issue. It appeared to me that counsel for both parties were, at least at that
juncture, supremely confident that the accounting expert would arrive at a
decision that was favourable to their clients and that the outcome of the
expert’s report would financially vindicate their respective client’s
positions. I was nonplussed that after the receipt of Mr Ong’s report, Mr
Suhaimi attempted to reopen the liability issue. This was well past the
eleventh hour and he was blatantly attempting to have a second bite at the
cherry. Clearly, when the terms of reference were earlier agreed upon between
the parties, he must have been aware of the legal position apropos s 216. As a
result, I categorically rejected his belated attempt to reopen the liability
issue. As emphasised earlier, Mr Ong was the plaintiffs’ preferred nominee as
expert. He prepared his report objectively and thoroughly. The plaintiffs’
attempts to criticise his well-prepared and carefully-reasoned report are
misguided and, in the ultimate analysis, without any substance.

**The expert’s report**

18 There is yet another reason why I was not inclined to question Mr Ong’s
findings. The parties had expressly agreed that his valuation “shall be
final”. In the absence of fraud or some patent error it would be wholly
inappropriate for me to have intervened in these circumstances. This, coupled
with the parties’ earlier agreement on the liability, issue dictate that even
if I had the discretion to modify Mr Ong’s valuation, there are no legitimate
grounds on which I can do so.

**Costs**

19 On the issue of costs, both parties contended that an order of costs should
be made in their favour. It transpired that on 17 March 2004, the defendants
attempted in an open letter to resolve the matter by mediation. They proposed
that an accountant value the shares and that the parties thereafter submit
sealed bids for shares they did not own. The highest bidder would secure the
right to purchase the opposing parties’ shares. The plaintiffs rejected such a
proposal. Although the defendants subsequently made two further offers to
settle the matter, nothing meaningful transpired thereafter.

20 In the light of the parties’ agreement not to pursue the liability issue, I
am of the view that the proper order for costs in these proceedings is for the
respective parties to bear their own costs. In this connection, I have also
taken into consideration the fact that there was an earlier direction
dictating that the parties proportionately share the costs of the accounting
expert, in proportion to their shareholdings in the Company.

Expert’s report upheld.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

