Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## AD v AE (minors: custody, care, control and access)  
[2005] SGHC 30

Case Number | : | D 3849/2000, RAS 720041/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nicholas Cheong Fook Hing (Lim Soo Peng and Co) for the petitioner; David Rasif and Michelle Woodworth (David Rasif and Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  AD — AE (minors; custody, care, control and access)   
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Opinion and belief – DNA report
containing results of paternity test tendered as proof petitioner not father
of children – DNA report not tendered by way of affidavit from maker of report
– Whether DNA report wrongly admitted into evidence – Section 47(1) Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Presumptions – DNA report containing results of
paternity test tendered as proof petitioner not father of children – DNA
report conflicting with presumption of paternity under s 114 Evidence Act –
Whether DNA report overriding presumption of paternity – Section 114 Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Family Law – Custody – Care and control – District court ordering respondent
to have custody, care and control of children with no access to petitioner
after respondent disclosed petitioner not father of children – Whether each
child considered "child of the marriage" – Whether court having jurisdiction
and power to determine question of custody – Section 92 Women's Charter (Cap
353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

4 February 2005

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the petitioner, the husband, against the orders
regarding custody and access of the three children of the marriage. The
petitioner and the respondent, the wife, both now 40 years of age, were
married on 25 September 1991. The daughters, X and Y, were born on 5 January
1995 and 14 November 1996 respectively. The son, C, was born on 6 May 1998.

2 The petitioner was granted a divorce based on the respondent’s adultery and
the decree _nisi_ was granted on 20 March 2001. The district court judge made
the following orders in respect of the custody and control of the children in
[2003] SGDC 176:

(a) The wife shall have custody, care and control of the daughters, X and Y,
with no access to the husband.

(b) The husband shall have custody, care and control of the son, C, with
access to the wife as follows:

(i) weekly overnight access from Saturday 10.00am to Sunday 10.00pm;

(ii) during half of the school holidays with overnight access;

(iii) on alternate public holidays starting from the Labour Day public holiday
on 1 May 2003 from 9.00am to 8.00pm;

(iv) C is to be picked up by the wife at the husband’s residence and returned
at the same place.

(c) The custody, care and control of C shall be handed to the husband at the
wife’s residence on Saturday 3 May 2003 at 2.00pm.

(d) The wife and the wife’s counsel undertake to hand over C’s passport,
medical booklet and birth certificate to the husband.

(e) The husband shall hand over C’s passport to the wife for the purpose of
travel with the child within 48 hours’ notice and the wife shall hand over the
passport to the husband immediately after the trip.

(d) There shall be no maintenance for the wife.

(e) The wife shall ensure that the two daughters are sent for counselling at
the Child Guidance Clinic to deal with their new identity;

(f) Each party is to bear its own costs.

3 The petitioner appealed against the orders under sub-para (a) in [2] above
and also in respect of the access order under sub-para (b)(i) above. The chief
issue in the appeal before me concerned the order that the petitioner was not
to have access to the daughters. This issue brings the certainty of science
into a head-on clash with an unamended law drafted before the advancements
made in science in the field of DNA testing. The district court judge’s
decision was founded on the scientific evidence from a DNA sampling (“the DNA
report”) which indicated that the petitioner was probably not the father of
the two girls. The judge referred to ss 9 and 47(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) in support of the admissibility of the DNA report. She also
referred to ss 81 and 114 of the Evidence Act. It is useful to set out ss 9,
47(1) and 81 here but I shall set out s 114 shortly at a more appropriate
point.

9\. Facts necessary to explain or introduce a fact in issue or relevant fact,
or which support or rebut an inference suggested by a fact in issue or
relevant fact, or which establish the identity of any thing or person whose
identity is relevant, or fix the time or place at which any fact in issue or
relevant fact happened or which show the relation of parties by whom any such
fact was transacted, are relevant in so far as they are necessary for that
purpose.

47.—(1) When the court has to form an opinion upon a point of foreign law or
of science or art, or as to the identity or genuineness of handwriting or
finger impressions, the opinions upon that point of persons specially skilled
in such foreign law, science or art, or in questions as to the identity or
genuineness of handwriting or finger impressions, are relevant facts.

81.—(1) The court shall presume to be genuine every document purporting to be
a certificate, certified copy or other document which is by law declared to be
admissible as evidence of any particular fact, and which purports to be duly
certified by any public officer in Singapore or any officer in Malaysia who is
duly authorised thereto, if such document is substantially in the form and
purports to be executed in the manner directed by law in that behalf.

(2) The court shall also presume that any officer by whom any such document
purports to be signed or certified held, when he signed it, the official
character which he claims in such document.

4 The custody proceedings that began on 4 July 2002 before the district judge
were protracted and highly contentious. There were two social welfare reports
by officers of the Family Conciliation and Resolution Centre (“FAMCARE”). One
was dated 16 April 2002 and one the other, 3 March 2003. Before the district
judge, counsel were told that the first FAMCARE report was overwhelmingly in
favour of the petitioner. I have since read both reports, and the two reports
favoured the petitioner. Mr Cheong, counsel for the husband, submitted that
when the respondent realised that the first report was against her, she then
disclosed, for the first time, that both daughters were fathered by someone
other than the petitioner. The co-respondent was not the girls’ natural father
either. It was a third, unnamed man. The respondent deposed that she brought
the semen of the unidentified man and had her gynaecologist perform an in-
vitro fertilisation that successfully produced her first daughter. The second
daughter was fathered by the same man through natural sexual relations.

5 The sudden revelation prompted the second FAMCARE report. The officer noted
that, unlike the first report, the two girls now expressed their desire to
live with the respondent and the reason was that she had told them that the
petitioner was not their real father. The FAMCARE officer reported that the
girls were greatly affected and confused. This was in sharp contrast to their
attitudes reported by the first FAMCARE officer. There is little doubt that in
the time that the respondent was given interim custody of the two girls,
namely from 29 October 2001 to the time of the respondent’s revelation on 4
July 2002, the girls were still very much attached to the petitioner. However,
from that time on until I saw them in chambers on 28 January 2005, the girls
seemed to regard the petitioner as a stranger because they had, in my view,
been thoroughly and comprehensively influenced by the respondent to adopt that
attitude. However, in a moment of reflection, the elder girl expressed a
willingness to see the petitioner once a month.

6 After seeing all members of that erstwhile family, including the son, I
varied the custody orders and gave the petitioner access to the two daughters
once a month for a trial period of six months, after which I will review the
order if necessary. I reduced the overnight access of the respondent to the
son from once a week to once a fortnight. I am of the view that the previous
order giving the respondent overnight access from 10.00am on Saturday to
10.00pm on Sunday gave the respondent access during “the prime time” of every
week, leaving none for the petitioner. The petitioner ought to have some
weekends to enjoy his son’s company.

7 However, in respect of the daughters, I am of the view that the order giving
custody to the respondent should not be disturbed primarily for the sake of
the daughters’ well-being. I need, however, to expand on this aspect of my
decision here. Counsel for the petitioner, Mr Cheong, argued that the evidence
in the DNA report was irrelevant in this case because s 114 of the Evidence
Act provides that:

The fact that any person was born during the continuance of a valid marriage
between his mother and any man, or within 280 days after its dissolution, the
mother remaining unmarried, shall be conclusive proof that he is the
legitimate son of that man, unless it can be shown that the parties to the
marriage had no access to each other at any time when he could have been
begotten.

Counsel further submitted that the DNA report was inadmissible because it was
not properly proved. Thirdly, counsel pointed out that the report merely
showed that the two daughters were full siblings in that they had common
parents, but the son was a half-sibling in that he shared a common mother with
his sisters. The fact that the husband had not provided his DNA sample means
that it is also possible that he is the father of the daughters but not the
father of the son. This is a less likely possibility (assuming that the DNA
report and the doctor’s evidence were properly proved, and are true) because
the husband had no recollection of letting his semen be used for artificial
insemination, and appeared genuinely surprised at the claim that he was not
the girls’ natural father. Of course, the artificial insemination was done a
long time ago.

8 Section 114 of the Evidence Act was promulgated at a time when it was not
contemplated that the paternity of a child could be proved scientifically at a
level of confidence beyond 99.9%. It was intended to avoid bastardising
children and the social stigma that attached to it, more so in the past than
today, perhaps. Although some changes to this section might be necessary to
avoid more serious problems than the one before me, it is still useful to have
a provision that presumes paternity, provided that it is not, as presently so,
an irrebuttable or conclusive presumption. A conflict between a DNA report and
the s 114 presumption of paternity in a succession dispute is an example of a
more difficult legal problem. In respect of a custody battle, there is an
escape valve in the form of s 92 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev
Ed). This section provides the legal definition of a “child of the marriage”
to mean:

any child of the husband and wife, and includes any adopted child and any
other child (whether or not a child of the husband or of the wife) who was a
member of the family of the husband and wife at the time when they ceased to
live together or at the time immediately preceding the institution of the
proceedings, whichever first occurred; and for the purposes of this
definition, the parties to a purported marriage that is void shall be deemed
to be husband and wife.

There is no doubt that the two daughters and the son are all “children of the
marriage” between the husband and wife, within the meaning of s 92 of the
Women’s Charter. Consequently, the court need not be troubled by the conflict
between the DNA report, assuming it was validly proved, which in my view, it
was not, and the presumption under s 114 of the Evidence Act. Under the
Women’s Charter, the court would have jurisdiction and power to determine the
question of custody, and either parent, including the husband whose role in
the paternity of a child is challenged, is entitled to gain custody of the
child of the marriage if the court is of the opinion that he or she is fit to
do so. Section 92 of that Act does not discriminate between natural and non-
natural parents of the child. The DNA report ought to have been proved on oath
by the doctor who had made it. What I had before me was a report from a
laboratory on the DNA results, and a note under the letterhead of a doctor
stating:

[The wife] first consulted me on 4 Feb 1994 for trying to conceive since July
1993. Medicines were prescribed to induce ovulation. On 25 April 1994, an
artificial insemination was performed using semen specimen brought by [the
wife]. [The wife] became pregnant and delivered a baby girl on 5 January 1995.

The laboratory report and the medical note, unless agreed, must be tendered in
evidence by way of affidavit from the relevant person, namely, the maker and
not the recipient, if they are to be given their full weight in court. Section
47 of the Evidence Act provides that if the court is required to form an
opinion on a point of science, then the evidence of experts in the field will
be relevant. Hence, such evidence has to be proved by the maker, that is the
expert himself, and not merely a layperson who has a copy of the scientific
report. In the event, these documents were admitted in evidence, and probably
taken into consideration in the court below.

9 The implications of the DNA report, assuming that it was properly proved,
and further assuming that the husband was not the natural father of the two
daughters, have become of minimal importance by subsequent events. Although
the wife took the children away from August 2001 onwards, the girls were still
attached to the husband whenever he had access to them. The boy, who had since
been returned to the custody of the husband, had always been close and fond of
the husband, and remains so. However, the girls’ attitude to the husband
changed almost completely after their mother disclosed to them that the
husband was not their natural father, and taught them to be chary of him. By
the time I made the orders here, the girls appeared settled and it would not
be in their interests to create any major change in their lives. Similarly,
their brother seemed happy and settled with the husband and his new wife.

10 The wife sent a letter through her counsel, attaching a copy of a note
written by the daughters to this court. The note was written to persuade me to
rescind the access order I had made. While I am satisfied with the custody
orders made, I am of the view that they were obtained through much
manipulation by the wife. The attached note is, in my view, the wife’s latest
effort at psychological manipulation. I am of the opinion that the daughters
would very likely not have changed their attitude to the husband had custody
been granted to him in the first place, although some damage to the
relationship might still have occurred once the wife were to tell the girls
that the husband was not their natural father. This observation is academic
except that it might serve as a reminder that events take turns that one might
not detect at a cursory glance. I formed these views after reminding myself
that in matrimonial matters, nobility, honesty, love, and all the virtues that
one can imagine, are often lost to that one simple vice – selfishness. That, I
believe, is the only explanation as to why a mother, like the wife in the
present case, would destroy the loving relationship between the husband and
the two daughters. The decision to disclose that the husband was not their
father was a questionable one because there was no pressing need for it. The
natural father, whoever that may be, is not known, except to the wife. The
husband had hitherto been a good father to the daughters. He had deposed that
he did not see the necessity to provide a DNA sample for testing because it
did not matter to him that he might not be the girls’ natural father. He
stated that he had loved them from birth and continues to do so. The
disclosure by the wife had wrecked the girls psychologically. This was the
similar impression that the second FAMCARE officer formed. It was, in my view,
a nasty way to get custody.

11 This case is, therefore, not the same as _Re A (an infant)_ [2002] 1 SLR
310 in many ways. In that case, the husband claiming custody was not the
biological father. The court granted custody of the child to the wife, who, by
that time, had been separated from the husband and was co-habiting with the
daughter’s biological father. The wife obtained a court order for custody of
the child with access to the husband. The wife appealed before me for an order
rescinding the right of access to the husband. I allowed the appeal on the
ground that the child was only two years old and, unlike the present case, the
bond between the husband and the daughter had not yet become mutually strong;
furthermore, the biological parents and the child had by then formed a close
family unit.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

