Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Fun Huay Yew  
[2005] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | OS 414/2005, NM 25/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Chao Hick Tin JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  C R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah and Cheah) and Tan Beng Swee (Tan Beng Swee) for the applicant; The respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Fun Huay Yew   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor feigning payment
of money to client and absconding with client's money – Whether amounting to
grossly improper conduct – Appropriate order to be made – Sections 83(2)(b),
98(5) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

17 May 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an application brought by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) to make absolute an order to show cause which Tay Yong Kwang J had
made on 7 April 2005 against the respondent, Fun Huay Yew.

2 The respondent was called to the Singapore Bar in 1995. At all material
times, he carried on practice as a sole proprietor under the style of M/s Fun
Huay Yew & Co at 14 Mohamed Sultan Road, #02-02, Singapore 238963. His last
known residential address was Block 5 Jurong East Street 32, #10-01, Singapore
609479. The affidavit of service confirmed that all necessary letters and
cause papers were sent to both last known addresses. However, they were left
unclaimed as the respondent had moved away. Pursuant to the directions of Tay
J, the order to show cause was advertised in _The Straits Times_. The
respondent was not present in court on the day this application was heard.
Neither was he represented by counsel. No cause was shown and at the
conclusion of the hearing we ordered that the respondent be struck off the
roll of advocates and solicitors of the Supreme Court of Singapore.

3 The story began with a claim brought by Toshiba Machine S E Asia Pte Ltd
(“Toshiba”) against Reliance Plastic Sdn Bhd (“Reliance”), a Malaysian
company, for payment of approximately $1.3m being the purchase price of 11
machines sold to the latter. The respondent was retained as instructing
solicitor to work on the claim with a Malaysian law firm, M/s K N Fan &
Company. In the course of the proceedings, Toshiba obtained an interim
injunction to repossess the 11 machines. By consent of the parties, the 11
machines were sold to a buyer in Singapore. The sale proceeds of $650,000 were
held by the respondent as stakeholder pending the outcome of the proceedings
in Malaysia. The Malaysian proceedings were eventually settled and Toshiba was
to be paid the net sum of $635,000. Initially, Toshiba made no headway in its
attempts to secure the release of the $635,000 from the respondent. Finally,
on or about 14 February 2003, the respondent handed over a cheque for $635,000
which was post-dated to 5 March 2003. However, the cheque was dishonoured upon
presentation for payment on 5 March 2003. Toshiba made a police report against
the respondent on 7 March 2003 for misappropriation of the $635,000.

4 Toshiba also lodged a complaint with the Law Society. A Disciplinary
Committee was appointed pursuant to s 90 of the Act to hear and investigate
the complaint. The respondent did not appear at the hearing of the
Disciplinary Committee. Before the Disciplinary Committee, two charges were
preferred against the respondent. They were:

First Charge

That you, Fun Huay Yew are guilty of grossly improper conduct in the discharge
of your professional duty within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Chapter 161) in that you had, in breach of your written
professional undertaking stated in your letters dated 13th September 2001 and
1st October 2001 to Toshiba Machine S E Asia Pte Ltd (“Toshiba”), namely to
hold the sum of S$650,000.00 as a stakeholder pending the outcome of the trial
in the Malaysian case of Suit No. 22-110-1999 (“the suit”), wilfully failed
and/or refused to pay the balance sum of S$635,000.00 as stakeholder, to
Toshiba as ordered upon conclusion of the suit despite their repeated demands
and requests.

Second Charge

That you, Fun Huay Yew are guilty of fraudulent conduct in the discharge of
your professional duty within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Chapter 161) in that you had, on or about 5th March 2003,
issued a cheque payment to your client, Toshiba Machine S E Asia Pte Ltd by
way of a Standard Chartered Bank cheque No. 678555 issued from the client’s
account of your firm, namely, M/s Fun Huay Yew & Co which cheque was
dishonoured upon presentation for payment.

5 Before the Disciplinary Committee, Michael Sim Chee Sin, the deputy general
manager of Toshiba, gave evidence. He testified as to the circumstances
surrounding the appointment of the respondent and the events leading to the
sum of $650,000 being held by the respondent as stakeholder. Prior to the
appointment of the respondent as stakeholder, there was an issue as to who
should hold the sale proceeds pending the outcome of the Malaysian
proceedings. The proposal was for the sale proceeds to be held in a trust
account in the joint names of the Malaysian lawyers representing the
litigants. Mr Sim testified that the respondent had advised Toshiba against
the transfer of the sale proceeds to Malaysia and warned Toshiba of foreign
exchange losses and possible complications arising from foreign exchange
controls. The respondent advised Toshiba to transfer the sale proceeds to his
firm. Toshiba agreed and the sum of $650,000 was deposited with the
respondent’s firm as stakeholder pending the outcome of the Malaysian
proceedings. The firm duly issued an official receipt no 1207 dated 20
September 2001 which described the payment as “[b]eing Sale Proceeds held by
us as stakeholders”.

6 The first charge concerned the respondent’s undertaking. It is helpful to
set out the relevant paragraphs of the respondent’s letters of 13 September
2001 and 1 October 2001 to Toshiba. The first letter reads:

…

Further, we have also explained the need to transfer the sum of S$650,000.00
to us to hold as stakeholders pending the outcome of the trial. As mentioned
before, the said sale proceeds should not be held by you and since [Reliance
is] now making an issue out of this, we must therefore assure the Malaysian
Court that the monies are safely held in our Clients’ Account.

…

The letter of 1 October 2001 reads:

…

The said trial has now been further adjourned to a date yet to be fixed,
although the Court has indicated it to be sometime in late October or early
November 2001. At the same time, the Court required us to give an undertaking
that the sale proceeds of S$650,000.00 is to continue being held by us as
Stakeholders until the conclusion of the trial.

In the circumstances, please be informed that we shall continue to hold the
funds in our Clients’ Account.

7 The action in Malaysia was settled in January 2002. Under the terms of
settlement, Reliance was entitled to $15,000 being partial interest on the sum
of $650,000 leaving the balance sum of $635,000 due to Toshiba. Reliance was
duly paid $15,000. Initially, the respondent informed Toshiba that he could
only release the $635,000 when the Malaysian court order, which recorded the
terms of settlement, was extracted. In August 2002, Mr Sim, together with the
managing director of Toshiba and the Malaysian lawyer, Mr Fan Kin Ning, met
the respondent who again maintained that he could not release the stakeholder
money without the Malaysian court order in hand. However, he mentioned the
possible release of the money against a letter of indemnity from Toshiba, but
his auditors would have to first sanction the arrangement. After that meeting,
Toshiba heard nothing more from the respondent. The Malaysian court order was
finally extracted in December 2002. Mr Sim learned of the availability of the
court order from the respondent’s secretary when he telephoned the
respondent’s office to speak with him. The respondent was in China and Mr Sim
was told that the respondent would return the money before Christmas.

8 Nothing was heard from the respondent in the month of December 2002. Toshiba
then obtained a copy of the Malaysian court order from K N Fan & Company and,
on or about 20 January 2003, the managing director of Toshiba wrote to the
respondent’s firm demanding the return of $635,000 without further delay. The
respondent did not respond to the letter. Mr Sim tried unsuccessfully to
contact the respondent on numerous occasions at his office. On one occasion,
Mr Sim managed to speak with the respondent on his mobile phone. In that
telephone conversation, Mr Sim was told that the respondent was in China
caring for a cancer-stricken sibling and that he would be returning to
Singapore after the Chinese New Year in February 2003.

9 On or about 14 February 2003, the respondent gave to Toshiba a cheque post-
dated to 5 March 2003 for the sum of $635,000 with an accompanying explanation
that the money was in a fixed deposit which would mature on 4 March 2003.
Shortly thereafter, Toshiba’s management changed its mind and on 17 February
2003 asked the respondent for immediate payment. The respondent refused. He
warned Toshiba that as it had already agreed to accept his post-dated cheque,
he would sue the company for breach of contract if it continued to insist on
immediate payment. The respondent’s threat was repeated in his letter to
Toshiba dated 17 February 2003.

10 Mr Sim could not contact the respondent after the cheque was dishonoured.
The respondent had vacated his office sometime between 17 February 2003 and 7
March 2003. The respondent had also moved from his last known residential
address. His whereabouts were unknown. He had apparently absconded. The
Disciplinary Committee found that cause of sufficient gravity existed for
disciplinary action against the respondent. On the first charge, the
Disciplinary Committee found the respondent guilty of grossly improper conduct
in the discharge of his professional duty under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act. He
breached his written professional undertaking to Toshiba by wilfully failing
or refusing to pay Toshiba $635,000. On the second charge, the respondent was
found guilty of fraudulent conduct in the discharge of his professional duty
under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act. His post-dated cheque to Toshiba was
dishonoured upon presentation for payment.

11 In relation to both charges, due cause was shown under s 83(2)(_b_) of the
Act. This was a clear case of fraudulent and grossly improper conduct on the
part of the respondent in the discharge of his professional obligation under s
83(2)(_b_) of the Act.

12 Wee Chong Jin CJ in _Re Marshall David_ [1972–1974] SLR 132 at 138, [23]
construed the phrase “grossly improper conduct” to mean “conduct which is
dishonourable to [the solicitor] as a man and dishonourable in his
profession”. In _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Kiap Khee_ [2001] 3 SLR 616,
the solicitor there had deliberately breached an undertaking to pay over
moneys that he held as a stakeholder. The court held such conduct to be
grossly improper and the solicitor was struck off the roll even though he had
eventually made payment. Chao Hick Tin JA, delivering the decision of the
court, at [21] said:

It is of the utmost importance that a solicitor should abide by the
undertaking he formally gives. It is the very foundation of an honourable
profession that its members act honourably. To deliberately breach an
undertaking solemnly given would seriously undermine the integrity of the
profession and would bring it into disrepute. Such a conduct, in our opinion,
clearly constitutes grossly improper conduct, especially in the circumstances
here where the respondent did not even bother to explain himself.

13 In the present case, the contemporaneous documented evidence clearly showed
that the sum of $650,000 was received and held by the respondent as
stakeholder. The respondent accepted an obligation in his capacity as
Toshiba’s solicitor to act as stakeholder. He is not permitted to continue to
hold the stake once the event upon which the stake is payable has occurred.
Significantly, the respondent utilised $15,000 of the stakeholder money to pay
Reliance. Yet, he did not abide by his undertaking when it came to paying
Toshiba. There was clearly no excuse not to pay, and the respondent was aware
of his obligation. In ignoring the requests and demands for payment, his
conduct portrayed prevarication in order to avoid the discharge of his
professional obligation.

14 Along the way, grossly improper conduct turned, unsuspectingly, to
misconduct which involved dishonesty and deception. The respondent feigned
payment of the stakeholder money using a post-dated cheque. By the time
Toshiba learned the truth, the respondent had disappeared along with the
money.

15 In _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Yee Kai_ [2001] 1 SLR 721 (“ _Lim Yee
Kai_ ”), the solicitor in question had misappropriated and absconded with
money from the client account maintained by the firm. The total amount missing
from the client account was $413,129.72. The solicitor was charged before the
District Court on 3 April 1998 for criminal breach of trust in respect of the
aforesaid sum. The matter was adjourned several times at the request of the
solicitor to enable him to make restitution. He failed to make restitution or
to appear at the adjourned hearing. He had absconded and a warrant for his
arrest was issued. L P Thean JA, delivering the grounds of decision of the
court, said (at [20]) that it is trite law that where a solicitor has acted
dishonestly, the court will order that he be struck off the roll. In that
case, the solicitor wilfully misappropriated his clients’ moneys for his own
use. His conduct was dishonest and dishonourable. In those circumstances, the
court ordered that the solicitor be struck off the roll.

16 Unlike _Lim Yee Kai_ , the respondent here was not charged with or
convicted of criminal breach of trust or of any related offence. However, the
evidence against the respondent was overwhelming.

17 The respondent’s reason for issuing a post-dated cheque to await maturity
of a fixed deposit was a blatant lie to deliberately deceive Toshiba. When
Toshiba wanted to change the post-dated cheque with another for immediate
payment, the respondent threatened to sue Toshiba for reneging on its
agreement to accept a post-dated cheque. He knew very well that he had issued
a bogus cheque in that there would be no money in the bank account with the
Standard Chartered Bank when the time came to present the post-dated cheque.
The respondent’s conduct had the hallmarks of dishonesty. The dishonoured
cheque was returned by Standard Chartered Bank with the remark “Not Arranged
For”. The respondent was clearly guilty of deception and dishonesty
constituting fraudulent conduct in the discharge of his professional duty
under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act.

18 On the facts and authorities, we reached the unanimous decision that the
respondent be stuck off the roll of advocates and solicitor of the Supreme
Court of Singapore. We also awarded costs to the Law Society.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

