Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd v Clough Engineering Ltd and Another  
[2005] SGHC 98

Case Number | : | Suit 815/2004, RA 14/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wendy Tan Poh Ling and Anand Su Yin (Haq and Selvam) for the plaintiff; Surenthiraraj s/o Saunthararajah (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd — Clough Engineering Ltd; William Harold Clough   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Application by defendants to strike out
plaintiff's claim – Plaintiff claiming against second defendant for inducing
first defendant to breach contract – Whether plaintiff's claim disclosed no
reasonable cause of action or an abuse of process  
  
Tort – Inducement of breach of contract – Whether servant of company acting
bona fide within scope of his authority liable to tort action for inducement
of breach of contract – Whether second defendant's actions taken in good faith
and within scope of his office – Whether action should be struck out  
  

19 May 2005

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is an action against a company for breach of contract and against its
controlling shareholder for inducing the company to breach the contract.

2 The plaintiff, Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd, is a company in Pakistan. The first
defendant, Clough Engineering Limited, is an Australian company. The second
defendant, William Harold Clough, is a shareholder of the first defendant.

3 The first defendant had entered into two contracts with Oil and Gas
Development Co Ltd (“OGDCL”), a government-owned corporation in Pakistan, in
connection with the construction of two gas-condensate processing plants. Both
contracts did not run to the first defendant’s expectations. One contract was
suspended, and OGDCL was seeking to encash a performance guarantee furnished
by the first defendant. The first defendant suffered loss and damage under the
other contract.

4 The first defendant engaged the services of the plaintiff to assist it to
defend OGDCL’s claims against it and to prosecute its claims under the
contracts against OGDCL.

5 The plaintiff claimed that in April 1997, the first defendant agreed to pay
it for its services 40% of any amount recovered from OGDCL in excess of US$8m.

6 In November 1999, that agreement was renegotiated so that the first
defendant was to pay the plaintiff 20% of the net amount recovered from OGDCL
with no minimum on the amount the first defendant received.

7 In the action, the plaintiff alleged that after the first defendant had
settled its claims against OGDCL for US$7,515,000, the first defendant did not
pay the plaintiff its agreed fees of US$1,503,000 (20% of US$7,515,000).

8 The plaintiff sued the first defendant for breach of contract. It also sued
the second defendant for having induced the first defendant to breach the
contract.

9 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff alleged:

3\. The Second Defendant has been and is a controlling shareholder of the
First Defendants. He was the Managing Director of the First Defendants until
1988. He has been a major and substantial shareholder of the First Defendant
either directly or through other companies. As such, he has been the major
motivating force behind the said the First Defendants and their alter ego.

…

27\. On or about 28 March 2002, Jeremy Roberton and Paul Archer of the First
Defendants met with the Plaintiffs’ Director, Sohail Latif and breached the
First Defendants’ agreement to pay 20% of the settlement amount of the First
Defendants’ claims against OGDCL. Jeremy Roberton stated so. Jeremy Roberton
said to Sohail Latif that they were authorized and directed by the Second
Defendant to state that the First Defendants would not pay the agreed
remuneration. The breach occurred in Singapore.

…

30\. The Second Defendant engineered and induced the First Defendants to
breach their contract or agreement to pay remuneration as described above. The
Second Defendant did so by direct interference. He did so by instructing
Jeremy Roberton to state that the First Defendants would not pay the
Plaintiffs their agreed remuneration. The Second Defendant had full knowledge
of the contract between the Plaintiffs and the First Defendants. He
intentionally interfered with the Plaintiffs’ contractual rights and had no
justification for it. In the circumstances, the Second Defendant is liable in
tort to pay the sum of US$1,503,000 as damages for inducing breach of
contract.

10 The defendants applied for paras 3 and 30 in their entirety, as well as the
third sentence of para 27, to be struck out on the basis that the claims
against the second defendant “disclose no reasonable cause of action, are an
abuse of the process of the Court and/or should be struck out pursuant to the
inherent jurisdiction of the Court”.

11 Although counsel for the defendants was convinced that the application must
succeed, it was dismissed by the senior assistant registrar who heard it, and
I dismissed the defendants’ appeal against that decision. I will explain why
the application had failed.

12 The defendants relied on the decision in _Chong Hon Kuan Ivan v Levy
Maurice (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR 801. In that case, the defendant, Maurice Levy
(“Levy”), was a director of a company, Publicis Eureka Pte Ltd (“Publicis”).
The plaintiff, Chong Hon Kuan Ivan (“Chong”), had been the managing director
and chief executive officer of Publicis, whose employment was terminated by
Publicis.

13 Chong commenced action against Publicis and Levy and other directors of
Publicis. Chong’s claim against Levy was that Levy had conspired with the
other directors of Publicis to induce Publicis to terminate his employment,
and his claim against Publicis was for the wrongful termination of his
employment agreement.

14 Levy applied to strike out two paragraphs of the statement of claim which
contained allegations of the conspiracy, inducement and the resultant damages.
Levy’s application was founded on the principle that a company can only act by
its officers, servants or agents and if the individual defendant was acting
within the scope of his employment, as the company’s _alter ego_ , the claim
of conspiracy must fail.

15 The application was heard by an assistant registrar who allowed it.
Subsequently, Chong amended his statement of claim to rely on certain
exceptions to the principle referred to. After the amendment, the assistant
registrar reversed the previous order to strike out the action.

16 In the amended form, Levy was alleged to have conspired with the other
directors of Publicis to procure Publicis’ termination of Chong’s employment.
It was also alleged that Levy and the other directors were acting outside the
scope of their office or employment when they did that.

17 Levy appealed against the assistant registrar’s second decision. The appeal
was heard by Woo Bih Li J. Woo J reviewed cases on this point from several
jurisdictions. In particular, he acknowledged and adopted a principle
enunciated by McCardie J in _Said v Butt_ [1919] 3 KB 497.

18 In _Said v Butt_ , the plaintiff had obtained a ticket for the first
performance of a play at a theatre. He knew that the theatre would not sell
him a ticket, and bought a ticket through a friend. The defendant, the
managing director of the theatre, saw him at the theatre and directed the
theatre attendants to refuse the plaintiff admission to the performance. After
he was denied admission, the plaintiff sued the defendant for procuring the
theatre to breach the contract for his attendance at the performance.

19 McCardie J dismissed the action. He found that there was no enforceable
contract between the plaintiff and the theatre. But he went further and
examined the claim on the assumption that there was a contract.

20 He noted at 504:

If the plaintiff is right in his contention, it seems to follow that whenever
either a managing director or a board of directors, or a manager or other
official of a company, causes or procures a breach by that company of its
contract with a third person, each director or official will be liable to an
action for damages, upon the principle of _Lumley_ v. _Gye_ (1853) 2 E. & B.
216, as for a tortious act. So, too, with the manager or other agent of a
private firm, who does the like thing.

and went on to say at 505:

[T]he servant who causes a breach of his master’s contract with a third person
… is the alter ego of his master. His acts are in law the acts of his
employer. In such a case it is the master himself, by his agent, breaking the
contract he has made, and in my view an action against the agent under the
_Lumley_ v. _Gye_ principle must therefore fail, just as it would fail if
brought against the master himself for wrongfully procuring a breach of his
own contract. This, I think, is the true answer to the ingenious arguments …
on behalf of the plaintiff upon this point.

and therefore:

[I]f a servant acting bona fide within the scope of his authority procures or
causes the breach of a contract between his employer and a third person, he
does not thereby become liable to an action of tort at the suit of the person
whose contract has thereby been broken.

21 It should be noted that although McCardie J referred to “servant” in the
last two passages quoted, he was using the term broadly to cover persons of
authority, such as directors and managers who are the management of a company,
when he referred to “the servant who causes a breach of his master’s
contract”.

22 Woo J reviewed cases from several jurisdictions and concluded that the
principle was subject to two conjunctive qualifications: (a) that the servant
must be acting _bona fide_ ; and (b) that he must be acting within the scope
of his authority.

23 On the facts of that case, he ruled that the allegations that Levy and the
other directors were acting outside the scope of their authority were bare
allegations. Consequently, he allowed the appeal and struck out the
allegations of conspiracy and inducement of breach of contract.

24 In deciding whether and how the principle applies to a case, the pleaded
connection between the company and the human defendant is important. The claim
may be made on the basis that the defendant, as a director or officer of a
company, had conspired with others to induce the company to breach a contract.
Or the claim may be framed simply that the defendant had conspired to and had
induced the breach without reference to his office in the company.

25 When the allegation is that the defendant had conspired to and had induced
the breach _qua_ director, that, without more, must imply that the defendant
had been acting _bona fide_ and within the scope of his office. “ _Bona fide_
” here is to be taken to mean that the defendant was acting in good faith in
the discharge of his office, and not that he was acting in good faith in the
action complained of; a director may believe that it is for the good of the
company to breach a contract intentionally. In such a situation, the principle
would operate to defeat the claim against the defendant as a matter of law.

26 Where the allegation of conspiracy and inducement is made without reference
to the defendant’s office, the principle will not apply unless steps are taken
to bring it into operation. The initiative would have to be taken by the
defendant to show the acts alleged against him were done by him in good faith
in the discharge of his office.

27 The position is the same where the allegation is that the defendant had
acted in bad faith or in excess of his powers when he purported to act in the
discharge of his office.

28 In the last two situations, the claims are not defeated unless the
defendant proves the qualifying facts, _ie_ that the actions (a) were taken in
good faith, and (b) were within the scope of his office.

29 Coming back to the facts of the present case, there is no reference in the
Statement of Claim to the second defendant’s position in the first defendant.
The allegations were that he “has been a major and substantial shareholder”
and he “has been the major motivating force behind [the first defendant] and
[its] alter ego”. In fact, the second defendant was not a director of the
company or, as far as it was disclosed, the holder of any office in the
company when the alleged conspiracy or inducement took place.

30 In these circumstances, the plaintiff’s claim against him does not carry
the fatal flaw McCardie J identified in _Said v Butt_ (see [20] and [21]
above)_._

31 The second defendant may still rely on the principle in that case to defeat
the claim if he can bring himself under the principle. But in his Defence
filed to the claim, it was not pleaded that he was acting in good faith and
within the scope of his authority as an officer of the company. The invocation
of the principle to strike out the claim against him was without basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

