Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Wan Soon Construction Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 102

Case Number | : | OP 8/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 June 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kelvin Poon Kin Mun (Rajah and Tann) for the applicant; Leung Wing Wah (Sim and Wong LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Credit and Security – Remedies – Writs of seizure and sale – Respondent
unsecured creditor obtaining and registering writ of seizure and sale against
company's property before company placed under judicial management – Writ not
executed before commencement of judicial management of company – Whether
respondent entitled to proceeds of sale of company's property – Whether court
should empower judicial managers to set aside incomplete execution of writ of
seizure and sale against company – Sections 227X, 334(1) Companies Act (Cap
50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

14 June 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC:

**Introduction**

1 The present case witnessed the confluence of company law and land law – the
former constituting the broader canvas on which the details of the latter
operated. It bears mentioning that these two areas of the law are both
technical and (on occasion at least) complex. However, their importance –
particularly in the commercial sphere – cannot be gainsaid and the present
proceedings illustrate this point with limpid clarity.

2 Wan Soon Construction Pte Ltd (“the company”) petitioned for a judicial
management order on 22 July 2004. It was placed under judicial management on 1
October 2004.

3 On the same day it petitioned for a judicial management order (_viz_ 22 July
2004), the company granted an option for the purchase of its property to Ad
Graphic Pte Ltd (“the purchaser”). This property comprised a 30-year Jurong
Town Corporation (“JTC”) lease at 12 Loyang Lane (“the company’s property”),
which property is mortgaged to Singapura Finance Limited (“SFL”), which is now
known as Hong Leong Finance Limited.

4 The purchaser exercised the option on 17 September 2004. Both JTC and SFL
gave their consent to the sale. The judicial managers also adopted the sale
after being informed of the existence and (more importantly) of the exercise
of the said option. They were of the view, _inter alia_ , that the purchase
price for the property was reasonable and that the said sale would ultimately
benefit the company’s creditors as a whole. Completion was fixed for 23
January 2005.

5 However, prior to the above events, the respondent in the present
proceedings, Deschen Holdings Ltd, had, on 31 May 2004, obtained final
judgment in a suit (Suit No 411 of 2004) against the company in the sum of
US$500,000 (together with interest and costs).

6 The respondent had then obtained a writ of seizure and sale (“WSS”) against
the company’s property on 19 June 2004, and had registered the WSS against the
property on 28 June 2004.

7 It should be noted that the respondent’s actions with respect to the WSS
took place prior to the granting of the option for the purchase of the
company’s property and its acceptance by the purchaser, and also prior to the
petition for (and placement under) judicial management. Indeed, neither the
judicial managers nor the respondent alleges either fraud or bad faith on the
other’s part. The issue here is, at its most basic level, a straightforward
one: What is the legal effect of the respondent’s WSS? Did it confer upon the
respondent the legal right to the entire proceeds of the sale of the company’s
property? If so, what was the legal basis? If not, what were the rights (of
the company and its other creditors) which trumped the respondent’s right? And
what was the legal basis?

8 But I have run slightly ahead of the story, for before the date of
completion of the purchase and sale of the company’s property, the
respondent’s WSS had first to be removed. The judicial managers in fact
requested that the respondent remove the WSS. The fact of the matter was that
as the company was under judicial management, a statutory moratorium applied,
which prevented the respondent from proceeding with the WSS.

9 Not surprisingly, perhaps, the respondent refused to accede to the request
to remove the WSS. The judicial managers then applied to the High Court for,
_inter alia_ , an order requiring the respondent to remove the WSS, as well as
for a declaration to the effect that the respondent was not entitled to any
portion of the sale proceeds relating to the company’s property in priority to
the general body of unsecured creditors to satisfy its judgment against the
company after the WSS had been removed.

10 Choo Han Teck J, on 17 January 2005, ordered the respondent to remove the
WSS in order to enable the company to complete the sale of the said property
on 23 January 2005 as scheduled (see [4] above). The learned judge also
ordered that the sale proceeds (amounting to some $310,000, after deduction of
the relevant costs) be held by M/s Rajah & Tann as stakeholders, pending the
outcome of the present hearing to determine whether the respondent had any
right to these proceeds.

11 On 1 February 2005, the judicial managers filed a winding-up petition. On
25 February 2005, the winding-up petition was adjourned to 11 March 2005,
presumably pending the outcome, once again, of the present hearing.

**The issues**

**_Introduction_**

12**** I have already alluded to what appears to me to be the salient legal
issues (see [7] above). At this juncture, it would conduce towards clarity to
set them out more fully.

**_The_ pari passu _principle_**

13 An initial issue that arises relates to the precise legal effect of the WSS
registered by the respondent against the company’s property. In this regard,
it should be noted that, because of the statutory moratorium which was
triggered by the order for judicial management, the respondent was _unable to
execute the WSS_. Indeed, as we have seen, Choo J in fact ordered that the WSS
be removed in order to facilitate the sale of the property.

14 However, counsel for the respondent, Mr Leung, has steadfastly maintained
that, although the WSS was never (and can now never be) executed, it is
nevertheless the case that once the WSS was _registered_ , the respondent was
_entitled to the entire proceeds of sale_. It is extremely important to note,
however, that Mr Leung _admitted_ that the respondent was an _unsecured
creditor_. Although this proposition is relatively obvious, it is to counsel’s
great credit that he did not belabour the point.

15 On the other hand, counsel for the company, Mr Poon, argued that the
_overall principle_ in _judicial management_ was that unsecured creditors
should share _pari passu_ in the pool of assets ultimately to be shared
amongst a company’s creditors, citing the _dicta_ of Lai Kew Chai J in the
Singapore High Court decision of _ERPIMA SA v Chee Yoh Chuang_ [1998] 1 SLR 83
at [3]. Hence, the respondent could _not_ succeed in its claim against the
proceeds of sale and this would have been the situation even if the respondent
had managed to execute the WSS.

16 Mr Poon further argued that there was, in any event, a statutory moratorium
with the onset of judicial management and that, therefore, the respondent
would have been unable to execute the WSS, save with the leave of court –
leave which, as counsel forcefully put it, would not have been granted by the
court. If, however, Mr Poon argued, this court permitted the respondent to
steal a march on the rest of the unsecured creditors and share in the sale
proceeds, that would – in substance – permit the very execution of the WSS
which would not otherwise have been permitted in the first instance.

**_Section 227X(b) of the Companies Act_**

17 Counsel for the company also argued that the court ought to exercise its
power under s 227X(_b_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) to order
that s 334(1) of the same Act be applied in the context of judicial
management. If so, the judicial managers would then be empowered to set aside
any incomplete execution of the WSS against the company (reference may also be
made in this regard to the English Court of Appeal decision of _In re Overseas
Aviation Engineering (GB) Ltd_ [1963] Ch 24 and (albeit in the context of
bankruptcy proceedings) the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Official
Assignee of the Property of Lim Chiak Kim (a bankrupt) v United Overseas Bank
Ltd_ [1988] SLR 52).

18 It would be appropriate, at this juncture, to set out the provisions just
mentioned.

19 Section 227X itself reads as follows:

**Application of certain provisions in Parts VII and X to a company under
judicial management.**

**227X.** At any time when a judicial management order is in force in relation
to a company under judicial management —

(_a_) section 210 shall apply as if for subsections (1) and (3) thereof there
were substituted the following:

“(1) Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between a company and its
creditors, the Court may on the application of the judicial manager order a
meeting of creditors to be summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

(3) If three-fourths in value of the creditors present and voting either in
person or by proxy at the meeting agree to any compromise or arrangement, the
compromise or arrangement, if approved by the Court, is binding on all the
creditors and on the judicial manager.”; and

(_b_)_sections 337, 340, 341 and 342 shall apply as if the company under
judicial management were a company being wound up and the judicial manager
were the liquidator, but this shall be without prejudice to the power of the
Court to order that any other section in Part X shall apply to a company under
judicial management as if it applied in a winding up by the Court and any
reference to the liquidator shall be taken as a reference to the judicial
manager and any reference to a contributory as a reference to a member of the
company._

[emphasis added]

20 Section 334 reads as follows:

**Restriction of rights of creditor as to execution or attachment.**

**334.** —(1) Where a creditor has issued execution against the goods or land
of a company or has attached any debt due to the company and the company is
subsequently wound up, he shall not be entitled to retain the benefit of the
execution or attachment against the liquidator unless he has completed the
execution or attachment before the date of the commencement of the winding up,
but —

(_a_) where any creditor has had notice of a meeting having been called at
which a resolution for voluntary winding up is to be proposed, the date on
which the creditor so had notice shall for the purposes of this section be
substituted for the date of the commencement of the winding up;

(_b_) a person who purchases in good faith under a sale by the bailiff any
goods of a company on which an execution has been levied shall in all cases
acquire a good title to them against the liquidator; and

(_c_) the rights conferred by this subsection on the liquidator may be set
aside by the Court in favour of the creditor to such extent and subject to
such terms as the Court thinks fit.

(2) For the purposes of this section —

(_a_) an execution against goods is completed by seizure and sale;

(_b_) an attachment of a debt is completed by receipt of the debt; and

(_c_) an execution against land is completed by sale or, in the case of an
equitable interest, by the appointment of a receiver.

21 Counsel for the respondent argued, naturally, that these provisions were
inapplicable both as a matter of general principle as well as of actual
application.

22 I turn now to an analysis of the various arguments by counsel in the light
of the issues set out above.

**Analysis**

**_The_ pari passu _principle_**

23 The first relates to the _pari passu_ principle. Counsel for the company
argued, _inter alia_ , that this particular principle applied (in so far as
unsecured creditors were concerned) in the context of judicial management as
well. Consequently, the respondent was precluded from claiming priority to the
proceeds of sale in the present case.

24 It is clear that the _pari passu_ principle applies with regard to
unsecured creditors in the context of a winding up. In the English Court of
Appeal decision of _In re Atlantic Computer Systems Plc_ [1992] Ch 505 at 527,
Nicholls LJ (as he then was), who delivered the judgment of the court,
observed that “[t]he basic object of the winding up process, in the case of an
insolvent company, is to achieve an equal distribution of the company’s assets
among the unsecured creditors” (and see, in the local context, the Singapore
Court of Appeal decision of _Hinckley Singapore Trading Pte Ltd v Sogo
Department Stores (S) Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 154 (“ _Hinckley Singapore
Trading_ ”) at [8], where _In re Atlantic Computer Systems Plc_ is cited and
applied, as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Joo Yee Construction
Pte Ltd v Diethelm Industries Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR 278 at 288, [18]).

25 However, I was not persuaded that the principle ought to apply in the
context of judicial management as well. Indeed, what authority there appeared
to be seemed to point in the opposite direction: see, in particular, the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Hitachi Plant Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd v Eltraco International Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 384 (“
_Hitachi Plant Engineering_ ”) (reference may also be made to _In re Atlantic
Computer Systems Plc_ at 527–528).

26 In _Hitachi Plant Engineering_ , the Court of Appeal held (although it was
not strictly necessary to do so on the facts of the case itself) that the
_pari passu_ principle did _not_ apply in schemes of arrangement (pursuant to
s 210 of the Companies Act or, in the context of a judicial management, s 210
read with s 227X(_a_)). This was, of course, in contrast to the situation
involving the winding up of a company (and see [24] above). Of particular
interest is the following observation by Yong Pung How CJ, delivering the
judgment of the court, at [81], as follows:

Further, one has to remember that a scheme of arrangement is a corporate
rescue mechanism. As with other corporate rescue mechanisms, _such as judicial
management_ , it seeks to rehabilitate the company and achieve a better
realisation of assets than possible on liquidation. [emphasis added]

27 Although not direct authority as such (if nothing else, because the case
itself involved the issue of whether or not the _pari passu_ principle applied
in the context of schemes of arrangement), the observation just quoted does
suggest that there is, _per se_ , _no_ reason in principle why this principle
ought to apply in situations of judicial management as opposed to those
relating to the winding up of the company. The issue is, of course, rendered
moot if s 227X(_b_) of the Companies Act can be utilised in order to introduce
the winding up regime to a situation of judicial management. That is, in fact,
the nub of the next major issue to be dealt with shortly in the very next
section of this judgment.

28 In other words, the non-application of the _pari passu_ principle was not
fatal in the least to the company’s success in the present proceedings if (as
already pointed out in the preceding paragraph) it succeeds on the next issue,
to which I now turn.

**_Section 227X(b) of the Companies Act_**

29 Section 227X of the Companies Act has already been reproduced above (see
[19] above). It is an entirely novel provision, having (at least as far as I
could tell) no analogue in any other jurisdiction. There is no mention of the
provision in the Parliamentary Debates: see generally _Singapore_
_Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 May 1986) vol 48 (“ _Parliamentary
Debates_ , vol 48”), especially at cols 39–41 and _Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (26 March 1987) vol 49 (“ _Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 49”),
especially at cols 1182–1183. Neither is there any explicit mention as such of
the provision in the Select Committee Report on the Bill: see generally
_Report of the Select Committee on the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No
9/86)_ (Parl 5 of 1987, 12 March 1987). However, it was present when the Bill
become law as the Companies (Amendment) Act 1987 (Act No 13 of 1987).

30 The provision was, as already mentioned, present in the original Bill (see
cl 46 of the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 9/86)), albeit as a new s
227W (it was ultimately renumbered as s 227X because of the addition of a
further provision, _viz_ , what is now s 227S, which deals with trade union
representation on behalf of members who are creditors and employees of a
company). Unfortunately, the relevant Explanatory Note is not, with respect,
very illuminating and reads as follows:

New section 227W enables a judicial manager to apply to the Court under
section 210 for an order to call a meeting of creditors where a compromise or
arrangement is proposed between a company and its creditors. If the Court
sanctions the compromise or arrangement it is binding on the judicial manager.
_It also enables certain provisions in a winding up under Part X to apply to a
company under judicial management_. [emphasis added]

31 What _precisely_ s 227X was intended to achieve (including its underlying
rationale) still stands, at this point, in need of explication.

32 As we have seen, the precise provision sought to be invoked by counsel for
the company in the instant case was s 227X(_b_) (also reproduced above at
[19]).

33 I should mention, at this juncture, that the inclusion of s 227X(_a_)
appears to be less problematic. As we shall see below (particularly with
reference to s 227B(1)(_b_)(ii) at [37] below), one ground which might
persuade the court to make a judicial management order is that such an order
would be likely to result in a scheme of arrangement under s 210. In my view,
s 227X(_a_) is intended to ensure that that purpose is achieved and s
227X(_a_) is thus complementary in nature and function with respect to s 210.

34 There is, however, more potential difficulty with regard to s 227X(_b_),
which is both specific and (more importantly) broad.

35 I have been unable to locate the precise purpose for the inclusion of the
potentially wide-ranging provision in s 227X(_b_). Counsel for the company
suggested that because the judicial management regime was novel when first
implemented, this provision was introduced as a bridging provision to allow
the courts to allow the powers of liquidators to be exercised by judicial
managers in appropriate situations. This line of reasoning could in fact be
generalised. It would appear that s 227X was introduced as a gap-filling
provision in order to avoid the effects generated by unintended _lacunae_ in
the law. In the process, I gather that it was the intention of the Legislature
that, by filling in these gaps, the implementation of the scheme of judicial
management as a whole would be more nuanced and fruitful. There is a hint –
and no more than this – which appears to support such an interpretation in the
then Minister for Finance’s observation during the Third Reading of the Bill,
as follows (see _Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 49 at col 1183):

Nevertheless, it should be recognized that Part VIIIA introduces an area of
law new to Singapore, that notwithstanding the amendments and refinements
which have been made in Select Committee, only experience gained from
observing how this new judicial management procedure works in practice will
reveal other defects that may exist.

36 In particular, it seems to me that s 227X(_b_) was intended to ensure that
where the provisions relating to liquidation in Pt X of the Companies Act were
appropriate in facilitating the general mission and purpose of judicial
management (which is, _inter alia_ , to achieve the better realisation of the
company’s assets), those provisions should, apart from the four specific
provisions expressly set out in s 227X(_b_) itself (_viz_ , ss 337, 340, 341
and 342), apply where, in the _court’s discretion_ , this was appropriate.

37 In this regard, it might be apposite, at this juncture, to recall the basic
philosophy behind the concept of judicial management itself. Section 227A(_b_)
of the Companies Act refers to “a reasonable probability of rehabilitating the
company or of preserving all or part of its business as a going concern or
that otherwise the interests of creditors would be better served than by
resorting to a winding up”. And s 227B(1)(_b_) refers to the following
purposes that the making of a judicial management order would be likely to
achieve, at least one of which must exist before the court can even consider
making a judicial management order:

(a) the survival of the company, or the whole or part of its undertaking as a
going concern;

(b) the approval under s 210 of the Companies Act of a compromise or
arrangement between the company and any such persons as are mentioned in that
section;

(c) a more advantageous realisation of the company’s assets would be effected
than on a winding up.

38 The following observations by the then Minister for Finance, Dr Hu Tsu Tau,
during the Second Reading of the Bill introducing the scheme of judicial
management itself, may also be usefully noted (see _Parliamentary Debates_ ,
vol 48 at col 40):

It would be noted that the benefits of a successful company rescue accrue not
only to its shareholders but to employees, the business community and the
general public. A key element in a company rescue is the provision of a
breathing space during which plans can be put together to achieve the purposes
just mentioned … The new judicial management procedure, therefore, provides a
legal framework that would, in a suitable case, enable the rescue of a
potentially viable business and thus prevent a premature liquidation.

39 And in what is still the leading work in the local context, _Judicial
Management in Singapore_ (Butterworths, 1990), Mr T C Choong and Mr (now
Justice) V K Rajah succinctly observe (at p vii), as follows, with regard to
the basic aims of judicial management:

Its aims are simple: to minimize the depletion of economic resources and to
offer the unsecured creditor a platform to make his views heard. Unlike
liquidation and receivership, judicial management approximates legal
hospitalisation.

40 The learned authors then proceed to observe thus (_ibid_):

Despite recent dicta as to their wider duties of care, liquidators and
receivers usually wear the spectacles of the secured creditors involved in any
given company. Resuscitating the company is not a priority; even if it is a
hazy objective. The judicial manager, however, wears the hat of the company
doctor comfortably. He is accountable primarily to the court. He makes an
objective prognosis of the patient and apprises the court of his findings and
views. Often, his mandate would be to save the company and, if this is not
possible, to minimize the fragmentation of assets and to maximize the sale
proceeds from the company’s assets.

41 The aims of judicial management as set out above are also echoed in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore: Company Law_ vol 6 (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at
para 70.491.

42 And, in so far as the local _case law_ is concerned, the following
observation by L P Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the court in the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Electro Magnetic (S) Ltd v Development
Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 734 at 745, [33], might be usefully noted:

[T]he purpose of Part VIIIA of the Act is to enable the appellants through the
judicial managers to carry on the business as a going concern with a view to
achieving one or other of the objectives provided in s 227B, and to enable the
judicial managers to carry on the business there must be available to him the
right to use the appellants’ property without any interference from the
creditors. For this purpose, ss 227C and 227D (to the extent therein provided)
impose a moratorium on the enforcement of rights of the creditors. But ss 227C
and 227D are not intended to deprive a secured creditor of a company under
judicial management of his security.

43 Reference may also be made to the observations of Chao Hick Tin JA,
delivering the judgment of the court in _Hinckley Singapore Trading_ ([24]
_supra_) at [8]–[9], as well as those of Judith Prakash J in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Re Boonann Construction Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 338 at
[7] _ff_.

44 Returning to the specific issue at hand, the literal language of s
227X(_b_) itself is clear. There are four specific provisions where it is
_mandatory_ that they “shall apply as if the company under judicial management
were a company being wound up and the judicial manager were the liquidator”
(see also [36] above). I would suggest that the reason for the mandatory
nature in which these provisions for winding up apply in the context of
judicial management as well is one centring on _public policy_. Let me
elaborate.

45 Section 337 relates to a _criminal offence_ committed by “[a]ny person who
gives or agrees or offers to give to any member or creditor of a company any
valuable consideration with a view to securing his own appointment or
nomination, or to securing or preventing the appointment or nomination of some
person other than himself, as the company’s liquidator”.

46 Section 340 relates to _fraudulent trading_ , whilst s 341 relates to the
power of the court to _assess damages_ against _delinquent officers_ of the
company. Section 342 relates to the _prosecution_ of _delinquent officers as
well as members_ of the company.

47 Enough has, in my view, been stated to demonstrate that the application of
all the four provisions briefly considered in the preceding paragraphs in the
context of judicial management would clearly facilitate the general mission
and purpose of judicial management (see also [37]–[43] above). Perhaps the
point would come out more clearly by way of a proposition as to what would
happen if those provisions did _not_ apply. If, indeed, those provisions did
not operate to safeguard the assets of the company, judicial management would
– in the context of that particular company – become an exercise in futility.
Indeed, so _serious_ are the matters which are encompassed within the four
provisions above that the Legislature has _mandated_ that they apply, _mutatis
mutandis_ , in the context of judicial management.

48 What, then, of the _remaining provisions_ in Pt X of the Companies Act?
Here, s 227X(_b_) is also, in my view, equally clear: the court has the power
(and, hence, discretion) “to order that any other section in Part X shall
apply to a company under judicial management as if it applied in a winding up
by the Court and any reference to the liquidator shall be taken as a reference
to the judicial manager and any reference to a contributory as a reference to
a member of the company”.

49 What is clear, however, is that the court is not a mere “rubber stamp”
inasmuch as it will accede to any and every request to order such other
sections or provisions to apply almost, or even wholly, as a matter of course.

50 When, then, ought the court to order such provisions to apply? In
particular, on the facts of the present case, ought the court to order s 334
of the Companies Act to apply (s 334 is reproduced at [20] above)? There can,
in this regard, be no pat formula. However, there can be broad guidelines. The
most important guideline would be that which accords with the very pith and
marrow of the concept of judicial management itself and which is encompassed
in the views cited above (see [37]–[43] above). Put succinctly, would the
application of the provision inure to the benefit of the unsecured creditors
generally and/or aid the company in its attempt at economic recovery? It is at
this juncture that the law interacts, as it were, with the actual factual
matrix (reference may also be made generally to the Singapore High Court
decision of _Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd v Central Provident Fund
Board_ [2003] 4 SLR 137). This is consistent with the very nature of the
discretionary power accorded under the second (and more general) part of s
227X(_b_) of the Companies Act itself.

51 Looked at in this light, it is clear that, on the facts of the present
case, allowing s 334 to apply pursuant to the power conferred under s
227X(_b_) would indeed conduce towards the benefit of the company in general
and the unsecured creditors in particular. The assets and economic resources
generally of the company would be preserved for the benefit of all concerned.
As the respondent has admitted that it is an unsecured creditor, there is no
reason in principle why it ought to be allowed to steal a march on the
remaining unsecured creditors and, in this respect, the application of s 334
would ensure that this does not occur (interestingly, it might be mentioned,
there is in fact provision for _secured_ creditors in s 227H). If the
respondent had in fact completed execution of the said WSS, it would have
reaped the full benefits concerned and, indeed, the present proceedings would
have been unnecessary. The fact of the matter, however, is that it had not.

52 For completeness, I should add that it does not follow that a WSS that was
registered but unexecuted is of no legal effect whatsoever. It would clearly
take priority over other WSS registered against the same property or assets of
the company had it been registered first. As it turned out, on the facts of
the case, however, this was apparently the only WSS that had been registered.

**Conclusion**

53 The company had two strings to its legal bow. It fails on one (centring on
the _pari passu_ principle), but succeeds on the other (centring on the
applicability of s 334 of the Companies Act pursuant to the power conferred
under s _227X(b)_ of the same Act).

54 To recapitulate, I hold, firstly, that there is no reason why the _pari
passu_ principle ought to apply in the context of judicial management.

55 However, I hold, secondly, that on the facts of the present case, s 334 of
the Companies Act would apply, _via_ s 227X(_b_) of the same Act, to prevent
the respondent from retaining the benefit of the registration of the WSS since
it had not completed the execution of the WSS before the date of commencement
of the judicial management.

56 I therefore hold that the company succeeds in its application and that the
respondent is therefore not entitled to the proceeds of sale of the company’s
property. I further order that the respondent pay to the judicial managers the
costs of the present application and that the proceeds of sale be paid to the
solicitors for the judicial managers.

Application allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jun 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

