Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chwee Kin Keong and Others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGCA 2

Case Number | : | CA 30/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Malcolm Tan (Tan SL and Partners) for the appellants; Philip Fong, Doris Chia and Navin Lobo (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent; Daniel Seng as amicus curiae   
Parties | : |  Chwee Kin Keong — Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Respondent failing in every aspect of
defence except on issue of unilateral mistake – Trial judge awarding full
costs to respondent – Whether respondent entitled to full costs  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Whether trial judge wrong in
allowing respondent to amend pleadings at conclusion of trial – Order 20 r
5(1) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Contract – Mistake – Mistake of fact – Whether contract void at common law
because of unilateral mistake – Whether constructive knowledge of mistake
sufficient to void contract at law  
  
Contract – Mistake – Mistake of fact – Whether equitable jurisdiction to set
aside contract for unilateral mistake existing – Requirements to invoke
equitable jurisdiction to set aside contract for unilateral mistake – Whether
constructive knowledge of mistake sufficient to set aside contract in equity  
  

13 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against a decision of the High Court, reported at [2004] 2
SLR 594, where V K Rajah JC (as he then was) held that various orders for the
purchase of a model of Hewlett Packard laser printers placed by the six
appellants through the Internet were void under the common law doctrine of
unilateral mistake.

**The facts**

2 The respondent, Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd, is a Singapore company which is
involved in the business of selling information technology (“IT”) products
over the Internet. For that purpose, the respondent established its own
website, http://www.digilandmall.com (“the D Website”), which it used to
advertise and offer its various IT products for sale. It also operated another
website owned by Hewlett Packard at http://www.buyhp.com.sg (“the HP
Website”), which it also used for a similar purpose. Intending purchasers
could place orders and conclude transactions through the websites.

3 A third website is owned and operated by a related company, Digiland
International Ltd (“DIL”). This website (“the DIL Website”) is not relevant
for the present proceedings as none of the appellants accessed it.

4 At all material times, one of the products which Digiland advertised for
sale was a Hewlett Packard laser printer with the description “HPC 9660A Color
LaserJet 4600” (“the printer”) priced at $3,854 (goods and services tax
(“GST”) not included) on the D Website and the HP Website. It was priced at
$3,448 on the DIL Website.

5 On 8 January 2003, sometime in the afternoon, through an error on the part
of one Samuel Teo of DIL, who was working on a training template, the price
for the printer was accidentally altered to just $66 on all three websites. In
addition, the product description, which should have been “HPC 9660A Color
LaserJet 4600”, was also inadvertently altered to just the numeral “55”. These
mistakes, including the price, were not noted by any of the employees of the
respondent until after the orders were placed by the appellants. It was not in
dispute that Samuel Teo was not authorised to alter the price and that the
mistake was a _bona fide_ one.

6 The first appellant was informed of this most extraordinary low price at
1.17am on 13 January 2003 and he, in turn, advised the second and third
appellants about it. The second appellant then informed the fourth and fifth
appellants about the offer and the third appellant informed the sixth
appellant. Each of them then made the purchases as described below.

7 It was only at about 9.15am on the same day, when a prospective customer
checked with an employee of the respondent whether the posted price of $66 for
the printer was correct, that the error was discovered. Immediately, steps
were taken to remove the printer from the three websites. On 14 January 2003,
the respondent informed all the purchasers via e-mail that it would not honour
the orders. The present proceedings were instituted by the appellants to
enforce the contracts made pursuant to the purchase orders placed by them
through the Internet.

8 During the period while the mistaken price appeared on the three websites,
784 persons made a total of 1,008 purchase orders for 4,086 printers. The
appellants featured prominently because of the size of their orders. The first
and fifth appellants each ordered a hundred printers, while the other
appellants ordered more than a hundred printers each. Indeed, in the case of
the third appellant, he ordered a total of 760 printers.

**The purchase orders**

9 We will now proceed to describe briefly how each of the appellants came to
make the orders, including their state of mind, in order to determine whether
the contract which each purchase order brought about should be declared void
on the ground of unilateral mistake on the part of the respondent or should be
set aside under equity.

10 The first appellant, who holds a degree in business studies from the
Nanyang Technological University (“NTU”), is a person of considerable business
experience. He began his working life as a banker with a leading British bank
in Singapore for a period of four years. He then started his own business
carrying out multi-level marketing of aromatherapy products. In the early
hours of 13 January 2003, at about 1.17am, a friend of his, Desmond Tan
(“Desmond”), left him a message on the Internet. Later, they began chatting on
the Internet. The following excerpts of conversations were noted in particular
by the judge below and it is necessary for us to set them out _in extenso_ to
better appreciate the state of mind of the first appellant:

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:17 go hp online now

Scorpio [the first appellant]: 13/01/20 01:17 what hp online??

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:24 just ordered 3 colour lazer printer for S$66.00 each

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:24 huh?? How come got such thing?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:25 keep trying

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 ok but how come got such a good deal?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:25 _I think one of the wrong posted price_

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 _damn don’t tell me they realised their error already_

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:32 _shiok … can make a quick profit by selling them cheap
… shd buy more_

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:33 how many u intend to get?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:33 10? 20?

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:33 as many as I can!

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:33 why not?

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:40 if any friend got extra printer … u want?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:41 u want it for profit or personal use?

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:42 I want at least one for personal use … 2 would be good
coz my gf needs one too ... any more than that would be a bonus ..;- )

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:43 anyway, I don’t mind buying over if you have frens who
want to sell … buy at twice the price!! hahaha means S$132

…

Desmond 13/01/20 01:43 even $500 is a steal

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:43 yeah man … what’s the original price?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:43 _coz the HP laser colour printer sells for at least 3
to 4k outside_

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:44 from US I heard is about USD 2k.

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:44 its HP and Laser and Coloured

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:44 _if they don’t honour it_ …

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:45 sell me one lah … name your price ;- ) _sue them lor_
…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:45 I think they will give vouchers or special deals

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:46 hahahaha yeah lor .. aiyah why u only buy 3?????

…

Desmond 13/01/20 01:47 wasn’t greedy before I tok to u

..

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:47 yeah .. _S$1 mio then no need to work liao_?? u think
this is the 1970s??

Desmond: 13/10/20 01:47 u make me greedy

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:47 ok lor if you insist …

[emphasis added]

11 From these exchanges between the first appellant and Desmond, the former
knew that the offer of $66 per printer was too good to be true and that it
must have been a mistake. The first appellant wanted to buy more to make more
easy money. He even asked Desmond why the latter only bought three printers.
Eventually, when the first appellant managed to obtain access into the HP
Website, he placed an order for 100 printers. We agree with the trial judge
when he held that the first appellant was “fully aware of the likely existence
of an error”. The first appellant is no longer appealing against the decision
of the judge in holding that the contract was void for unilateral mistake, and
is only appealing against certain orders on costs.

12 At about the time the first appellant made his purchase order, he called
the second and third appellants. He also sent to each of them an e-mail which
was marked “high importance” with the caption “go load it now”. He claimed
that he merely told the second and third appellants to check their e-mails and
did not tell them much more. Later, at 2.58am, he sent a mass e-mail to 54
friends and business associates, including the second, fourth and fifth
appellants and the third appellant’s girlfriend, Tan Cheng Peng. The material
part of this e-mail reads:

Subject: … Colour LaserJet going at only $66.00!!

…

Someone referred me to the HP website which shows the price of this HP Colour
LaserJet 4600 Series as S$66.00. _I do not know if this is an error or whether
HP will honour this purchase. No harm trying right_? I hope by the time you
see this email, the price is still at S$66.00 [because] they might change it
anytime.

Good luck!

[emphasis added].

13 The point was made that at the time the mass e-mail was despatched, the
first appellant had already placed his order. Thus, at the time the order was
placed, he did not appreciate it was a mistake. This claim was rejected by the
trial judge who said at [27]:

The first [appellant’s] purchase took place soon after [his] conversation with
Desmond where Desmond had in no uncertain terms pitched the price of the laser
printer between $3,000 to $4,000. This final mass e-mail only reinforces my
view that the first [appellant] consistently and continuously entertained the
view that the price posting on the HP website was a mistake.

14 The second appellant is an accountancy graduate working in the taxation
department of an international accounting firm. After receiving the call from
the first appellant and being told of the good deal, the second appellant
visited the two relevant websites and carried out checks on the Internet to
ascertain whether such a model existed and whether it could be re-sold at a
profit. He then checked with the first appellant to see whether the latter had
successfully placed his order. At 2.23am, the second appellant placed an order
for 100 units. After that, he contacted the fourth and fifth appellants about
the deal and also sent them, at 2.34am, an e-mail attaching a hyperlink to the
HP Website asking them to “Go load it now!” At 2.58am, he received the mass
e-mail from the first appellant. Later, between 3.13am and 4.00am, he placed
four further orders, each for 20 printers. In all, the second appellant
ordered 180 units. He admitted having at some point wondered whether the price
of $66 per printer was a mistake. At the time, he had established from the
Internet that such a printer would cost $3,000 and he had also discussed with
the other appellants how much they would make by buying more units.

15 The second appellant contended that the first appellant did not alert him
of a likelihood of a mistake in the offer. What the first appellant told him
was that there was a good deal. He claimed that in his mind, he was just
interested in making money, having checked other websites on such a product.
Although he deposed in his affidavit that the thought of there being a mistake
had crossed his mind, he said on the stand that that was not correct, blaming
his solicitor for drafting his affidavit in that manner. He further admitted
that at some point, he had doubts whether the offer was for the printer or
printer parts because of the description “55”. The trial judge did not believe
him and we think rightly so. He is a qualified professional. Why would he
affirm his affidavit if it was not correct? Moreover, he made some searches on
the Internet to counter-check on the offer. The trial judge’s finding as to
his then state of mind is apposite (at [38]):

The second [appellant] came across as intelligent and resourceful. Given his
professional and business background, he must have realised that the $66 price
posting on the HP website was an error. He made Internet search enquiries as
to whether the printer model existed and at what price it could be resold. He
conducted the searches to ascertain what the laser printer’s true price was.
His counsel contends that “the idea the price was a mistake never arose in the
second plaintiff’s mind; he was preoccupied with thinking about the profit
potential of the laser printers”. This is an inane argument. To determine the
profit potential, the second plaintiff had to take steps to ascertain the true
market price of the laser printer which he did. Having ascertained the true
market price, it would have appeared crystal clear, given the huge disparity
in the pricing, that a manifest mistake had occurred.

As to credibility, the judge observed that the second appellant was
“economical with the truth in his evidence”.

16 The third appellant, aged 32, an economics graduate of a leading British
university, runs his own network marketing business. Before this, he was
working in the IT Project Development Department of a leading international
bank. On that early morning, at about 2.00am, upon receiving the first
appellant’s call alerting him of an opportunity to make money, the third
appellant visited the HP Website. He also confirmed by other searches on the
Internet that the normal price for such a printer was about US$2,000. At
2.42am, he made the first order for ten printers. Between 3.14am and 3.59am he
made three further orders for 150, 300 and 300 printers respectively, making a
total of 760 units. He made such a huge purchase because he saw an opportunity
to make gigantic profits, which would exceed a million dollars. He also
received an e-mail from the fifth appellant containing research on what
companies, which had made similar Internet errors, did.

17 Another factor which went to show the third appellant’s then state of mind
was the fact that he woke up his brother, the sixth appellant, and ordered 330
units on his brother’s behalf. His brother left it entirely to him to decide
how many printers he would order on his behalf.

18 The third appellant’s girlfriend, Tan Cheng Peng, also ordered 32 units, 12
of which were ordered on behalf of her sister.

19 The fourth appellant, an accountancy graduate, started working life with a
major international accounting firm for three years. He then, together with
the second appellant, went into the Internet business. He was also involved in
a printing business. On that eventful morning, after receiving the call from
the second appellant, the fourth appellant went into the Internet and
established that the printer was offered by the respondent at $66. He also
made other searches and ascertained that the normal price of the printer was
in the region of US$2,000. At about 2.58am, after talking to the second
appellant, he placed an order for 50 units on the HP Website. He claimed that
it was after this purchase that he received the first appellant’s mass e-mail.
This was followed by a second order for the same quantity, at 3.22am.
Thereafter, he accessed the D Website and, upon seeing that the offer there
was also at $66 per printer, which he took to mean that there was no mistake,
placed a third order for 25 units at 3.29am on the D Website. Interestingly,
at 4.16am he made a fourth order on the HP Website for just one printer, and
for this order, payment was effected by credit card. All the other previous
orders were to be paid in cash on delivery. Lastly, at 4.21am, also on the HP
Website, he placed an order for ten printers and charged the purchase to his
credit card.

20 In his evidence in court, the fourth appellant claimed that he really
thought that the offer was $66. He asserted that as a result of what he found
on the D Website, he was satisfied that there was no mistake. However, he
admitted that during that time he had thought that there could be an error or
that the quoted price related only to printer parts. The judge could not
accept the fourth appellant’s explanation that at the time the orders were
placed, he did not have grounds to believe that there was a mistake. The judge
reasoned (at [54]–[55]):

[The fourth appellant] appears to have been in constant communication with the
second plaintiff, and to have received and read the mass e-mail from the first
[appellant] after he placed his first purchase order. When giving evidence, he
struck me as cautious, taking great pains to convey the impression that his
numerous online enquiries that morning were routinely carried out without any
real inkling that an error had occurred. He claims visiting, _inter alia_ ,
the “Epinions” and “Hardwarezone” websites, and though it appears that there
was at the material time a discussion thread on the error on the
“Hardwarezone” website, the fourth plaintiff denied having seen this. He
subsequently sent the web link to the “Epinions” website to the first and
second [appellants].

The fourth [appellant] is technologically savvy and runs an Internet business
with the second plaintiff. He appeared to be consummately familiar with
Internet practices and was forced to concede that he thought it was “weird”
and “unusual” when he saw the number “55” on the relevant webpages in place of
the actual product description. Again he attempted to minimise the impact of
these observations by saying his subsequent searches erased all such doubts.
To my mind, the confirmation through the subsequent searches that the actual
price of the laser printer was, in fact, US$2,000 would, if anything, have
affirmed his belief that an error had occurred.

21 The fifth appellant, aged 30, is an advocate and solicitor who started
legal practice in 2000. It was at about 2.30am that morning when he learnt
from the second appellant of the printer being available at such a huge
discount. At the time, the fifth appellant, who was not at home, was urged by
the second appellant to return home and access the e-mail which the second
appellant had sent him. On reaching home, he accessed the HP Website and
established that the price of the printer was only $66. He next accessed the
US Hewlett Packard (“US HP”) website which did not show the same model. He
thought that the model on sale by the respondent could be an outdated one.
Thereafter, the second and the fifth appellants had further discussions, with
the latter even advising the former that a contract so made was binding. At
3.51am the fifth appellant placed his order for 100 units. As far as the judge
was concerned, he could not accept the fifth appellant’s assertion that he did
not realise that there was a mistake on the website. He analysed the position
as follows (at [63] – [65]):

It is pertinent he too made web searches using the “Google” search engine. He
claimed that when he could not find the identical model on the US HP website
he had assumed initially that the laser printer might be obsolete and was
therefore being off-loaded cheaply at $66. When pressed as to whether he
visited other websites, he said he could not confirm that one way or the
other. I find it inconceivable, to say the least, that the fifth [appellant]
would have placed an order for 100 laser printers without the conviction that
it was in fact a current market model with a real and substantial resale
value. After all, what would he do with 100 obsolete commercial laser
printers?

The fifth [appellant] was vague and tentative in many crucial aspects of his
evidence. Yet in other aspects, he could recollect, with crystal clear
precision and clarity, details of what had transpired. …

He was particularly circumspect in recounting his communications with the
second [appellant]. It appears there were a series of sms messages between
them and at least a few telephone discussions while the purchases were being
effected. Though both of them admit to having had discussions about the
website terms and conditions governing the purchases, they deny that there was
any discussion between them on even the possibility of an error having taken
place. In the fifth [appellant’s] affidavit evidence, he asserted emphatically
and unequivocally that “at no point did I ever think that the price of the
printers were a mistake”. I cannot accept that. The fifth [appellant], even if
he had not been alerted by the second [appellant], would have instinctively
appreciated the existence of a manifest error without any prompting
whatsoever.

22 It seems to us clear that the judge thought that the fifth appellant had
actual knowledge that there was probably a mistake, although there is a
sentence in the next paragraph of the judgment (at [66]) which may, at a
glance, give the impression that the judge had in mind constructive knowledge:

Any reasonable person, given the extent of the knowledge and information the
[appellants] were armed with, would have come to a similar conclusion [_ie_ ,
that the pricing was a mistake].

Read in the context of the entire paragraph, this sentence merely set out the
basis of the judge’s finding that the fifth appellant had actual knowledge
that there was an error in the price quoted on the websites.

23 Finally, the sixth appellant, aged 29 and an accountant with an
international accounting firm, was awakened by his brother, the third
appellant, at about 3.00am. On being advised of the opportunity to make money,
the sixth appellant simply asked his brother to order some printers for him
without stating the number of printers or the method of payment to be used for
the purchase. The third appellant placed two orders for the sixth appellant,
the first for 30 units and the second for 300 units, with payment to be by way
of cash on delivery. In the circumstances it would be reasonable, as far as
the sixth appellant is concerned, to impute the knowledge of the third
appellant to him.

24 Another material fact which the judge took into account in assessing the
credibility of the appellants was their conduct after the event. Upon being
told that the respondent did not intend to fulfil its obligations pursuant to
the sales made on the Internet, they took the matter to the media. There were
reports in _The Straits Times_ and Channel News Asia (“CNA”) both on 15
January 2003. The first to fifth appellants exhibited these reports in their
affidavits, without any qualification, to substantiate their case. In the
_Sraits Times_ report the crucial part read:

While surfing the Net at about 2 am on Monday, Mr Tan Wei Teck [the second
appellant] stumbled upon an offer _he could not believe_ – $66 for a Hewlett
Packard laserjet printer that normally sells for $3,854 before GST. [emphasis
added]

25 In the CNA report, it was stated that the appellants “saw a great
opportunity and grabbed it”. We should add that while the appellants took
issue as to the accuracy of these reports, it was they who put the reports in
evidence without demur.

26 We agree with the trial judge that these reports not only failed to
substantiate the appellants’ claim of innocence, but they also corroborated
the respondent’s contention that the appellants knew that there was a mistake
in the price of the product.

27 In his judgment, Rajah JC found that the appellants had constructive
knowledge that there was an error in the pricing on the websites. He held that
as the mistake related to a fundamental term, the apparent contracts formed
were thereby void under the common law. In this appeal, the appellants do not
dispute this statement of the law but have questioned whether the judge had
correctly applied the law to the facts. However, we would pause here to note
that the _amicus curiae_ , Assoc Prof Daniel Seng, submitted that a contract
is void under the common law only where there is actual knowledge, not just
constructive knowledge, of the mistake.

28 At this juncture, we should mention that the trial judge also went on to
consider the position under equity. Following the decision of the English
Court of Appeal in _Great Peace Shipping Ltd v Tsavliris Salvage_
_(International) Ltd_ [2003] QB 679 (“ _Great Peace Shipping_ ”), which denied
the existence of an equitable jurisdiction to rescind agreements on the ground
of common mistake, he said that he was not in favour of a separate equitable
jurisdiction to rescind agreements for unilateral mistakes. Presumably he felt
it was logical to extend the decision in _Great Peace Shipping_ , which was a
case on common mistake, to a case on unilateral mistake. Nevertheless, he
opined that the law in this area should be rationalised by legislation as was
done in New Zealand.

**Contracts made through the Internet**

29 It is common ground that the principles governing the formation of written
or oral contracts apply also to contracts concluded through the Internet. In
the present case, it is not in dispute that _prima facie_ a contract was
concluded each time an order placed by each of the appellants was followed by
the recording of the transaction as a “successful transaction” by the
automated system. The system would also send a confirmation e-mail to the
person who placed the order within a few minutes of recording a “successful
transaction”.

**Unilateral mistake in common law**

30 We will first consider the statements of law advanced by the judge below.
It is trite law that, as a general rule, a party to a contract is bound even
though he may have made a mistake in entering into the contract. The law looks
at the objective facts to determine whether a contract has come into being.
The real motive or intention of the parties is irrelevant: see Treitel, _The
Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) at 1. The _raison d’etre_
behind this rule is the promotion of commercial certainty.

31 However, there is an exception to this rule when the offeree knows that the
offeror does not intend the terms of the offer to be the natural meaning of
the words: see _Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson_ [2004] 1 AC 919 (“ _Shogun
Finance_ ”) at [123] and _Hartog v Colin & Shields_ [1939] 3 All ER 566 (“
_Hartog_ ”). The reason behind this exception is self-evident, as a party who
is aware of the error made by the other party cannot claim that there is
_consensus ad idem._ The law should not go to the aid of a party who knows
that the objective appearance does not correspond with reality. It would go
against the grain of justice if the law were to deem the mistaken party bound
by such a contract.

32 One of the earliest cases which propounded this principle was _Smith v
Hughes_ (1871) LR 6 QB 597 where Hannen J said at 610:

… “The promiser is not bound to fulfil a promise in a sense in which the
promisee knew at the time the promiser did not intend it.” And in considering
the question, in what sense a promisee is entitled to enforce a promise, it
matters not in what way the knowledge of the meaning in which the promiser
made it is brought to the mind of the promisee, whether by express words, or
by conduct, or previous dealings, or other circumstances. If by any means he
knows that there was no real agreement between him and the promiser, he is not
entitled to insist that the promise shall be fulfilled in a sense to which the
mind of the promiser did not assent.

33 Indeed, in law, there are three categories of mistake, namely, common,
mutual and unilateral mistakes. In a common mistake, both parties make the
same mistake. In a mutual mistake, both parties misunderstand each other and
are at cross-purposes. In a unilateral mistake, only one of the parties makes
a mistake and the other party knows of his mistake. For the purpose of the
present proceedings, we are only concerned with the effect of a unilateral
mistake.

34 However, it does not follow that every mistake would vitiate a contract. It
has to be a sufficiently important or fundamental mistake as to a term for
that to happen. There is no doubt that the error in the present case as to the
price is a fundamental one. Accordingly, it is wholly unnecessary for us to
deal with the question as to what nature of mistake would constitute a serious
mistake sufficient to vitiate a contract. It is also unnecessary for us to
address a related controversial question whether a mistake as to quality, or
the substance of the thing contracted for, is of sufficient gravity to negate
an agreement.

35 The _locus classicus_ on unilateral mistake is _Hartog_. There, the
defendants offered to sell to the plaintiff Argentine hare skins, but by
mistake offered them at a price per pound instead of at a price per piece. The
offer was accepted. However, the court held that the apparent contract was
void because the plaintiff must have known and did, in fact, know that there
was a mistake in the offer because their previous negotiations had proceeded
on the basis, as was usual in the trade, that the price was by per piece and
not by weight. The case represents a typical scenario where a party who,
knowing of the mistake of the other party, sought to hold the latter to it.
Phrases such as “must have known”, “could not reasonably have supposed” are
really evidential factors or reasoning processes used by the court in finding
that the non-mistaken party did, in fact, know of the error made by the
mistaken party.

36 _Hartog_ was applied in _McMaster University v Wilchar Construction Ltd_
(1971) 22 DLR (3d) 9 (“ _McMaster University_ ”). In the latter case, the
defendant tendered for the construction of a building but, due to an error,
omitted a wage escalator clause in the tender. All the other tenders contained
such a clause. The court found that when the plaintiff accepted the
defendant’s tender, it knew that the defendant had made a mistake in the
tender.

37 Accordingly, the law will declare void a contract which was purportedly
entered into where the non-mistaken party was actually aware of the mistake
made by the mistaken party. This proposition is not in dispute. But should
this rule also apply to a case where the non-mistaken party did not have
actual knowledge of the error but ought to have known about the other party’s
mistake, _ie_ , where there is constructive knowledge? The judge below thought
that it should be the case.

38 Rajah JC found, at [140] and [142], that the appellants had actual
knowledge that the price stated on the websites was a mistake. However, he
also found, in the alternative, that the appellants had constructive knowledge
(at [144]–[145]):

I find, in the alternative, that the [appellants], given each of their
backgrounds, would in any event, each have separately realised and
appreciated, before placing their purchase orders, that a manifest mistake had
occurred – even if no communications on the error had taken place between
them. … Further, the character of the mistake was such that any reasonable
person similarly circumstanced as each of the [appellants] would have had
every reason to believe that a manifest error had occurred. …

If the price of a product is so absurdly low in relation to its known market
value, it stands to reason that a reasonable man would harbour a real
suspicion that the price may not be correct or that there may be some
troubling underlying basis for such a pricing. …

39 The authors of _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 28th Ed, 1999) think
that the position is still fluid as they state at para 5-035:

It is not clear whether for the mistake to be operative it must actually be
known to the other party, or whether it is enough that it ought to have been
apparent to any reasonable man. In Canada, the latter suffices.

40 It is clear that the state of a person’s mind is a question of fact. It has
to be proved like any other fact. In _Vallance v The Queen_ (1961) 108 CLR 56,
Windeyer J put the point very eloquently at 83:

A man’s own intention is for him a subjective state, just as are his
sensations of pleasure or of pain. But the state of another man’s mind, or of
his digestion, is an objective fact. When it has to be proved, it is to be
proved in the same way as other objective facts are proved.

41 As is so often alluded to in the cases, in the absence of an express
admission or incontrovertible evidence, the fact of knowledge would invariably
have to be inferred from all the surrounding circumstances, including the
experiences and idiosyncrasies of the person and what a reasonable person
would have known in a similar situation. If a court, upon weighing all the
circumstances, thinks that the non-mistaken party is probably aware of the
error made by the mistaken party, it is entitled to find, as a fact, that the
former party has actual knowledge of the error. Following from that holding,
the court should declare the contract so formed as void on the ground of
unilateral mistake.

42 In order to enable the court to come to the conclusion that the non-
mistaken party had actual knowledge of the mistake, the court would go through
a process of reasoning where it may consider what a reasonable person, placed
in the similar situation, would have known. In this connection, we would refer
to what is called “Nelsonian knowledge”, namely, wilful blindness or shutting
one’s eyes to the obvious. Clearly, if the court finds that the non-mistaken
party is guilty of wilful blindness, it will be in line with logic and reason
to hold that that party had actual knowledge.

43 This then gives rise to the question as to the circumstances under which a
party should make inquiry. When should such a party make inquiries failing
which he would be considered to be shutting his eyes to the obvious? We do not
think this question is amenable to a clear definitive answer. Situations in
which such a question could arise are infinite. But we could accept what Mance
J said in _OT Africa Line Ltd v Vickers Plc_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 700 (“ _OT
Africa_ ”) at 703 that there must be a “real reason to suppose the existence
of a mistake”. What would constitute “real reason” must again depend on the
circumstances of each case. Academicians may well query whether this should be
based on an “objective” or “subjective” test. At the end of the day, the court
must approach it sensibly. The court must be satisfied that the non-mistaken
party is, in fact, privy to a “real reason” that warrants the making of an
inquiry.

44 Here, we would reiterate that expressions such as “taking advantage”, “good
faith”, “snapping up”, used by the courts to describe the situations under
consideration were often just the bases upon which the court, in each case,
had come to its conclusions as to whether the non-mistaken party had actual
knowledge of the error made by the mistaken party. While we recognise that the
distinction between actual knowledge and constructive knowledge can be a fine
one and can often be difficult to discern, it is nonetheless not something
unfamiliar to the courts. The courts are accustomed to making such a
distinction.

45 In coming to his conclusion that constructive knowledge would suffice to
bring a case within the common law principle of unilateral mistake, the judge
had relied on Canadian cases and on _OT Africa_ and _Ho Seng Lee Construction
Pte Ltd v Nian Chuan Construction Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 407 (“ _Ho Seng Lee
Construction_ ”).

46 We must note that the Canadian cases tend to adopt a fused and more elastic
approach than permitted by the doctrine of the common law. They subsume the
common law principles under equity. They emphasise more on the need to do
justice and to relieve hardship. In many of the cases, the courts had held
that constructive notice of the mistake would be a sufficient basis to grant
relief. However, it is vital not to conflate actual knowledge of the mistake
by the non-mistaken party with deemed or constructive knowledge by that party
for the reason that the consequences _vis-à-vis_ innocent third parties are
different. A contract void under common law is void _ab initio_ and no third
parties can acquire rights under it: see _Shogun Finance_. Where a contract is
voidable under equity, the court in determining whether to grant relief would
have regard to rights acquired _bona fide_ by third parties. Statements such
as this at 22, [60] of _McMaster University_ should be read with care:

In my view, this is truly a case of unilateral mistake … [F]rom the
circumstances, the plaintiff must, in any event, be taken to have known of the
mistake before acceptance of the offer. In this context, it should be stressed
that one is taken to have known that which would have been obvious to a
reasonable person in the light of the surrounding circumstances: see _Hartog v
Colin and Shields_ …

47 The second sentence of the passage above indicated a finding of the court
that the plaintiff must have known and did, in fact, know of the mistake. The
reference in the third sentence to what a reasonable man would have known in
the circumstances was not to suggest that an objective test was to apply to
the non-mistaken party and thus impute knowledge to him. Such references, as
indicated before, are really reasoning processes, and unless there are other
reasons which indicate to the contrary, the court is entitled to infer that a
person would know what any other reasonable person would have known in similar
circumstances. Therefore, the following passage in _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (2nd Singapore and Malaysian Ed, 1998) by Andrew
Phang at p 418 should be viewed in a similar light:

We must now consider the attitude of common law to unilateral mistake, the
distinguishing feature of which, as we have seen, is that the mistake of X is
known to the other party, Y. It must be stressed that, in this context, a man
is taken to have known what would have been obvious to a reasonable person in
the light of the surrounding circumstances.

48 The fused Canadian approach appears clearly in _First City Capital Ltd v
British Columbia Building Corp_ (1989) 43 BLR 29 (“ _First City Capital_ ”)
where the defendant purportedly entered into a contract to purchase a portable
building, when it was already informed that the owner had previously entered
into an agreement to sell it to another party, but chose to disbelieve it.
Later, another employee of the owner mistakenly delivered a bill of sale for
the building to the defendant. The owner and the first buyer instituted
proceedings to rescind the transaction on the ground of mistake since the
defendant had entered into the transaction in bad faith. The Supreme Court of
British Columbia rejected the argument that the court’s power to relieve
against the consequences of mistake was confined to cases of mistake as to the
“identity” of the subject matter and instead held that since _Bell v Lever
Brothers, Limited_ [1932] AC 161 (“ _Bell v Lever Bros_ ”), the law had
developed further. McLachlin CJSC held at [20] that “the haste with which [the
defendant] moved to consummate the transaction leads me to conclude that it in
fact knew, or at very least suspected, that such a mistake had been made”. In
discussing precedents, the court did not expressly distinguish between the
positions in common law and in equity. It also said that the equitable
jurisdiction should be applied to relieve against mistake even where fraud in
the strict legal sense was not present. It would apply to a situation where
there was fraud in the wider sense, namely equitable fraud or constructive
fraud.

49 However, we must point out that in _First City Capital_ the court did, in
fact, find that the defendant probably knew that the owner was operating under
a mistake when it agreed to transfer the building to the defendant. On this
finding, the court could have declared that the transaction was void in law.
It did not do so. Perhaps that was because the relief prayed for in the action
was an equitable one, _ie_ , rescission. However, the court did go on to hold
(at [34]) that if it was wrong to have made that finding:

... this is most certainly a case where [the defendant] ought to have known
that [the owner] had no right to sell the building to it. Nevertheless, [the
defendant], in its negotiations with [the owner], pursued a course designed to
inhibit discovery of the mistake, moving with uncharacteristic haste to snap
at [the owner’s] mistaken offer.

50 Equally reflective of the fused approach is this statement of Baker J in
_Craig Estate v Higgins_ (1993) 86 BCLR (2d) 64 at 72, [25]:

The court may grant relief from a contract entered into on the basis of
unilateral mistake where the plaintiff has established, and has met the high
burden imposed upon it of doing so, that a mistake has been made and that it
would be unjust or inequitable for the court to allow the other party to
uphold the bargain. One of the grounds on which a court may find that it would
be unfair or inequitable is if the party seeking to enforce it _had actual
knowledge or constructive knowledge_ that a mistake had been made prior to
acceptance of the offer. [emphasis added]

51 We cannot glean from the Canadian cases that the common law principles on
unilateral mistake would encompass a case where the non-mistaken party has
only constructive knowledge of the mistake. The fact of the matter is that
they had fused the application of common law and equitable principles and had
referred to them interchangeably. Those decisions were founded in equity
rather than in law. This appears clearly from the judgment of Donald JA of the
British Columbia Court of Appeal in the case of _256593 BC Ltd v 456795 BC
Ltd_ (1999) 171 DLR (4th) 470 where he said at [25]:

In summary therefore, the equitable jurisdiction of the Courts to relieve
against mistake in contract comprehends situations where one party, _who knows
or ought to know_ of another’s mistake in a fundamental term, remains silent
and snaps at the offer, seeking to take advantage of the other’s mistake. In
such cases, it would be unconscionable to enforce the bargain and equity will
set aside the contract. [emphasis added]

52 As regards the two cases ([45] _supra_), namely, _OT Africa_ and _Ho Seng
Lee Construction_ , which were relied upon by the judge below, we would only
say this. Both cases did not really examine the doctrinal issue as to whether
constructive knowledge by a non-mistaken party of the mistake would suffice to
vitiate the contract _ab initio_. They assumed that to be the position.
Moreover, in _OT Africa_ , the court added that for constructive knowledge to
void a contract, there had to be “some real reason to suppose the existence of
a mistake”, clearly a reasoning process to determine actual knowledge.
Similarly, in _Ho Seng Lee Construction_ , reference was made by the court to
“fraud or a very high degree of misconduct” before the non-mistaken party
could be affixed with constructive knowledge.

53 In our opinion, it is only where the court finds that there is actual
knowledge that the case comes within the ambit of the common law doctrine of
unilateral mistake. There is no _consensus ad idem_. The concept of
constructive notice is basically an equitable concept: see _The English and
Scottish Mercantile Investment Company, Limited v Brunton_ [1892] 2 QB 700 at
707 _per_ Lord Esher MR. In the absence of actual knowledge on the part of the
non-mistaken party, a contract should not be declared void under the common
law as there would then be no reason to displace the objective principle. To
the extent that the judge below seems to have thought otherwise, _ie_ , that
where the non-mistaken party has constructive knowledge of the mistake the
contract thus entered into would be void under common law, we would
respectfully differ.

54 The following statement of Thompson J in _McMaster University_ succinctly
encapsulated the inter-relation between law and equity in the area of
unilateral mistake (at 18, [47]):

As a general rule, equity follows the law in its attitude towards contracts
which are void by reason of mistake. If the contract is void at common law,
equity will also treat it as a nullity. Equity, however, will intervene in
certain cases to relieve against the rigours of the common law, even though
the mistake would not be operative at law. _If, for lack of consensus, no
contract comes into existence, there, of course, is nothing to which an equity
can attach. It is only in cases where the contract is not void at law that
equity may afford relief by declaring the contract voidable._ It gives relief
for certain types of mistakes which the common law disregards and its remedies
are more flexible. Thus, equity does not require the certainty which had led
to the narrow common law doctrine of fundamental mistake. It seeks rather the
more broad and more elastic approach by attempting to do justice and to
relieve against hardship. [emphasis added]

55 Accordingly, we would endorse the following views expressed by Steyn J in
_Associated Japanese Bank (International) Ltd v Crédit du Nord SA_ [1989] 1
WLR 255 (“ _Associated Japanese Bank_ ”) at 267–268:

No one could fairly suggest that in this difficult area of the law there is
only one correct approach or solution. But a narrow doctrine of common law
mistake (as enunciated in _Bell v Lever Brothers Ltd_ [1932] AC 161),
supplemented by the more flexible doctrine of mistake in equity (as developed
in _Solle v Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB 671 and later cases), seems to me to be an
entirely sensible and satisfactory state of the law ...

**Equitable jurisdiction**

56 We now move to consider the second issue of law raised by the court below,
namely, whether there should be an equitable jurisdiction in the courts to
grant relief where there is a _bona fide_ unilateral mistake on the part of
one party which does not come within the common law doctrine of unilateral
mistake and, if the answer to this issue is in the affirmative, to consider
the circumstances under which equity should intervene to grant relief. The
case which is at the heart of the controversy is _Solle v Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB
671. That is a case which concerned a common mistake, _ie_ , where both
parties assumed that a flat was no longer subject to rent control when, in
fact, it was. The majority in _Solle v Butcher_ held that the contract entered
into on the basis of that common mistake should be rescinded. The minority,
Jenkin LJ, thought that rescission was not possible because the mistake was
not one of fact but of law.

57 In that case, the basis of the equitable principle was enunciated by
Denning LJ at 692 in the following general terms:

Let me next consider mistakes which render a contract voidable, that is,
liable to be set aside on some equitable ground. Whilst presupposing that a
contract was good at law, or at any rate not void, the court of equity would
often relieve a party from the consequences of his own mistake, so long as it
could do so without injustice to third parties. The court, it was said, had
power to set aside the contract whenever it was of opinion that it was
unconscientious for the other party to avail himself of the legal advantage
which he had obtained: _Torrance v Bolton_ [(1872) LR 8 Ch 118 at 124] per
James LJ.

58 However, in his judgment, Denning LJ seemed to have conflated law with
equity. He gave, as an example of the special circumstances where the court
would grant relief, the case where “one party, knowing that the other is
mistaken about the terms of an offer, or the identity of the person by whom it
is made, lets him remain under his delusion and concludes a contract on the
mistaken terms instead of pointing out the mistake” (at 692). Surely, in such
circumstances, the common law would in any event have held that there was no
contract. It seems to us that Denning LJ gave this illustration because he
thought, in our view, erroneously, that following _Bell v Lever Bros_ , only
mistake relating to identity or subject matter would come within the common
law doctrine of common mistake. Mistake of any other nature, however
important, would not. In those situations, relief could be obtained only in
equity. It was probably on that basis that Denning LJ opined (at 693) that a
common mistake, even on a most fundamental matter, would not render a contract
void at law, a view which he reiterated in _Magee v Pennine Insurance Co Ltd_
[1969] 2 QB 507 at 514.

59 It appears to us that these views of Denning LJ were not sanctioned in
_Bell v Lever Bros_. On the contrary, they have been the subject of much
criticism: see _Associated Japanese Bank_ at 266–267 _per_ Steyn J.

60 Be that as it may, subsequent to _Solle v Butcher_ , the courts had in
several cases held that there was an equitable jurisdiction to set aside a
contract even though it did not meet the strict criteria necessary in common
law to establish that it was void for common mistake _eg_ , _Grist v Bailey_
[1967] Ch 532; _Magee v Pennine Insurance Co Ltd_ ; _Laurence v Lexcourt
Holdings Ltd_ [1978] 1 WLR 1128.

61 In _Associated Japanese Bank_ , Steyn J, having held that the guarantee in
question was void _ab initio_ at common law, went on to opine (at 270) that:

Equity will give relief against common mistake in cases where the common law
will not, and it provides more flexible remedies including the power to set
aside the contract on terms. … If I had not decided in favour of the
defendants on construction and common law mistake, I would have held that the
guarantee must be set aside on equitable principles.

62 The equitable jurisdiction of the courts has developed over the years to
ameliorate the rigours of the common law and to give relief where justice so
requires. The main authority which the court below relied upon to reject the
existence of an equitable jurisdiction in the courts to deal with unilateral
mistake is _Great Peace Shipping_ where Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR,
who delivered the judgment of the English Court of Appeal, found difficulties
with Denning LJ’s broad formulation of the equitable jurisdiction in _Solle v
Butcher_ because of his failure to distinguish between what was void in law
and what was voidable in equity.

63 However, it seems to us that there is probably another reason why the court
below had to come to that conclusion. By holding that the doctrine of
unilateral mistake in common law encompasses even situations where the non-
mistaken party does not have actual knowledge but only constructive knowledge
of the mistake, there will hardly be any need or room for the intervention of
equity. This is of great importance for, as we will come to later, even in
equity, constructive knowledge _per se_ will not entitle the mistaken party to
relief. Rajah JC’s concept of the common law doctrine of unilateral mistake
would be wider than what we envisage the scope of the court’s equitable
jurisdiction should be.

64 In _Great Peace Shipping_ , a contract was entered into under the mistaken
belief by both parties that a vessel, which was to be engaged to assist the
crew of another vessel which was in distress, was only 35 miles away from the
latter. It later transpired that the two vessels were, in fact, 410 miles
apart. Upon obtaining knowledge of the true position, the defendant did not
cancel the contract straight away but sought to engage another vessel which
was nearer. A few hours later, the defendant found such a vessel and then
cancelled the contract. The Court of Appeal rejected the defendant’s averment
that the contract was void at common law or voidable in equity for common
mistake and instead allowed the claimant’s claim for the contract sum.

65 The contention of the defendant in that case was that it was a fundamental
assumption of the two parties under the contract that the rescuing vessel was
only a few hours’ sailing time away from the distressed vessel when in fact
the two vessels were much further apart and that it would take about 39 hours
for the rescuing vessel to reach its target. The Court of Appeal put the issue
on appeal to be whether the mistake as to the distance between the two vessels
had the effect of rendering the services that the rescuing vessel was to
provide essentially different from that to which the parties had agreed. The
Court of Appeal answered this question in the negative and upheld the decision
of the first instance judge. What the court seems to be saying was that the
distance between the two vessels was not really that critical a matter.

66 That was not all that was decided in _Great Peace Shipping_. The court went
on to disapprove the views of Denning LJ in _Solle v Butcher_ and held that
there was no room for rescission in equity if a contract would already have
been void under the common law. However, it also noted (at [96]) that:

It is axiomatic that there is no room for rescission in equity of a contract
which is void. Either Lord Denning MR was purporting to usurp the common law
principle in _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ and replace it with a more flexible
principle of equity or the equitable remedy of rescission that he identified
is one that operates in a situation where the mistake is not of such a nature
as to avoid the contract.

The alternative approach postulated by the Court of Appeal above would be an
eminently proper basis to found an equitable jurisdiction. That was indeed the
genesis of the jurisdiction.

67 The House of Lords’ decision in _Bell v Lever Bros_ , a case of common
mistake, played a pivotal part in the consideration of the Court of Appeal in
_Great Peace Shipping_. While _Bell v Lever Bros_ was a majority decision, the
minority did not disagree with the law enunciated by Lord Atkin who was in the
majority, but differed on how the law was to be applied to the facts of the
case. There, the parties erroneously assumed that the contract of service
could not be terminated except by agreement. A new agreement was made under
which the employer agreed to pay two employees a sum each to terminate the
service contracts. Later, the employer discovered that the contracts of
service had been rendered voidable by reason of the two employees’ breach of
fiduciary duties in trading for their own account. The minority thought that
the assumption was essential and was the foundation upon which the termination
agreements were entered into. The majority held otherwise and they
distinguished between a case where the subject matter of a contract did not
exist, and a case where the mistake related to the quality of the subject
matter. In the latter situation, the “quality” must be such that without it
the subject matter of the contract would be essentially different from the
thing it was believed to be. In other words, the mistake must render the
subject matter of the contract essentially and radically different from the
subject matter which the parties believed to exist. Unless this test was
satisfied, the contract would be valid in law and following from this, there
would be no basis to set aside such a contract on account of a variation in
the quality of the subject matter.

68 It seems to us that the principal reason the Court of Appeal in _Great
Peace Shipping_ re-examined the foundation of Denning LJ’s judgment in _Solle
v Butcher_ was the absence of any test to determine how the equitable
jurisdiction should be applied to rescind a contract which was distinct from
that which rendered a contract void in law. It noted (at [153]) that since the
decision in _Solle v Butcher_ , it had not “proved possible to define
satisfactorily two different qualities of mistake, one operating in law and
one in equity”. It said at [156] that _Bell v Lever Bros_ had set out the
perimeters of the common law rule and the effect of _Solle v Butcher_ was “not
to supplement or mitigate the common law: it is to say that _Bell v Lever Bros
Ltd_ was wrongly decided”. The court was therefore constrained to declare that
there was no jurisdiction in equity to grant rescission of a contract on the
ground of common mistake where that contract was valid and enforceable on
ordinary principles of contract law.

69 The courts have exercised equitable jurisdiction to set aside a contract
made under a common mistake as early as in the case of _Cooper v Phibbs_
(1867) LR 2 HL 149. There, A agreed to take a lease of a fishery from B.
However, contrary to the belief of both parties at the time, A was a tenant
for life of the fishery and B did not have any title to it. Lord Westbury held
that the agreement was liable to be “set aside” as having proceeded upon a
common mistake. However, Lord Atkin in _Bell v Lever Bros_ , in commenting on
_Cooper v Phibbs_ , said that such a contract should, in fact, be held to be
void rather than voidable. Following from this, Lord Phillips MR in _Great
Peace Shipping_ noted it was significant that the majority in _Bell v Lever
Bros_ did not see it fit to grant relief on the basis of equity. He concluded
at [118]:

Lord Atkin’s test for common mistake that avoided a contract, while narrow,
broadly reflected the circumstances where equity had intervened to excuse
performance of a contract assumed to be binding in law.

70 It is not possible to reconcile the cases or the reasoning in each case. It
may well be that in _Cooper v Phibbs_ the court could have held that the
agreement was void. But it did not. Moreover, as pointed out in [60] above,
the courts had, subsequent to _Solle v Butcher_ , exercised equitable
jurisdiction in granting relief. The case of _Riverlate Properties Ltd v Paul_
[1975] Ch 133 is instructive as it illustrated the circumstances under which
the court should exercise its equitable jurisdiction. There, the plaintiff
lessor, through its agent, had mistakenly omitted to insert a clause to place
the defendant lessee under an obligation to bear a part of the cost of the
exterior and structural repairs of the demised premises. The lessor sought
rectification, or, alternatively, rescission in equity on the ground that the
lessor had made a mistake which the lessee and/or her agent knew. The English
Court of Appeal held that as the error was purely that of the lessor and/or
its solicitors and the lessee and/or her solicitors had no knowledge of such
error and were not guilty of anything approaching sharp practice, there were
no grounds to intervene. Russell LJ said (at 141):

If reference be made to principles of equity, it operates on conscience. If
conscience is clear at the time of the transaction, why should equity disrupt
the transaction? If a man may be said to have been fortunate in obtaining a
property at a bargain price, or on terms that make it a good bargain, because
the other party unknown to him has made a miscalculation or other mistake,
some high-minded men might consider it appropriate that he should agree to a
fresh bargain to cure the miscalculation or mistake, abandoning his good
fortune. But if equity were to enforce the views of those high-minded men, we
have no doubt that it would run counter to the attitudes of much the greater
part of ordinary mankind (not least the world of commerce), and would be
venturing upon the field of moral philosophy in which it would soon be in
difficulties.

71 Russell LJ then reviewed the authorities, including the decision of the
High Court in _Redbridge London Borough Council v Robinson Rentals Ltd_ (1969)
211 EG 1125 (“ _Redbridge_ ”) and, in giving approval to that case, he said
(at 145):

In [_Redbridge_] it was clearly held that mere unilateral mistake on the part
of the plaintiff, unknown to the defendant, was no ground for rescission of
the lease in question, and consequently there was no jurisdiction to make an
order for rescission with an option to the defendant to accept rectification.
This is, in our view, correct.

72 In contrast, in _Taylor v Johnson_ (1983) 151 CLR 422, the vendor by a
written contract agreed to sell two adjoining pieces of land, each of about
five acres, for a total price of $15,000. The vendor subsequently refused to
proceed with the sale on the ground that at the time she executed the contract
she believed it provided for a price of $15,000 per acre. While the trial
judge found that the vendor indeed had been so mistaken, the purchaser was
unaware of the mistake. The trial judge ordered the vendor to perform the
contract. On appeal by the vendor, the New South Wales Court of Appeal, upon a
review of the evidence, held that the purchaser believed that the vendor was
probably mistaken as to the price and set aside the contract. On further
appeal, the majority of the Australian High Court affirmed the decision of the
Court of Appeal on the ground that when the purchaser executed the contract he
believed the vendor was under some serious mistake or misapprehension about
either the price or the value of the land and the purchaser had deliberately
set out to ensure that the vendor was not disabused of such a mistake or
misapprehension.

73 In a sense, _Taylor v Johnson_ came rather close to a case of actual
knowledge of the mistake by the purchaser. To the extent that the majority
judgment seems to suggest that the contract would not be void even where the
non-mistaken party knew of a fundamental mistake, we would hesitate to adopt a
similar position. While the majority of the Australian High Court recognised
that the purchaser lacked a precise knowledge of the vendor’s actual mistake,
this was in their view a case of wilful ignorance because, knowing or having
reason to know that there was some mistake or misapprehension, the purchaser
engaged “deliberately in a course of conduct which is designed to inhibit
discovery of it” (at 433). This was categorised as “sharp practice”. Clearly,
the Australian High Court was not laying down any general proposition for the
intervention of the courts in equity. The circumstances of the case amply
warranted the intervention of equity. What is less clear is whether it was an
essential element for equity to intervene that the non-mistaken party must
“deliberately [set] out to ensure that the [mistaken] party does not become
aware of his mistake or misapprehension” (at 432). It seems to us that a
conscious omission to disabuse a mistaken party is itself sufficient to
constitute unconscionable conduct and thus justify the grant of equitable
relief: see _Tutt v Doyle_ (1997) 42 NSWLR 10, a New South Wales Court of
Appeal decision. Of course, the mistake itself must be serious or fundamental.
Knowing that something could be wrong and yet to proceed to act as if nothing
was amiss is conduct that strikes at equity’s conscience. It would be
different if, through lack of care, the non-mistaken party does not appreciate
that there could be a mistake, as neither party to a contract owes a duty of
care to the other.

74 A simple way to distinguish _Great Peace Shipping_ from the present case
would be to say that it was a case on common mistake and, to that extent, what
was discussed therein could not be applicable to a case involving unilateral
mistake. However, we would go further than that. We would be loath to hold
that there is no equitable jurisdiction in the courts with regard to
unilateral mistake just because it may be difficult to delineate the scope or
extent of that jurisdiction. By its very nature, the manner in which equity
should be applied must depend on the facts of each case and the dictates of
justice. Equity has intervened in many aspects of human dealings in the
contractual setting. For example, it has rescinded a contract induced by
innocent misrepresentation: see _Redgrave v Hurd_ (1881) 20 Ch D 1. Often, a
case on innocent misrepresentation does raise issues of mistake. Equity has
also intervened where there is undue influence. As such, we see no logic in
denying the existence of this jurisdiction in the area of unilateral mistake.
Additionally, it should be noted that two subsequent English High Court
decisions, _Huyton SA v Distribuidora Internacional de Productos Agricolas SA
de CV_ [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 780 and _Harrison v Halliwell Landau_ [2004] EWHC
1316, had accepted that the equitable remedy of rescission for unilateral
mistake still survived _Great Peace Shipping_.

75 We appreciate that there are difficulties in delineating precisely the
considerations which should apply for equity to intervene. One suggested way
to differentiate the application of the common law rule and equity would be to
hold that the former is limited to mistakes with regard to the subject matter
of the contract (like that in _Bell v Lever Bros_), while the latter can have
regard to a wider and perhaps open-ended category of “fundamental” mistake:
see _William Sindall Plc v Cambridgeshire County Council_ [1994] 1 WLR 1016
_per_ Hoffmann LJ at 1042.

76 In view of the difficulties, one may be tempted to take a clear simplistic
approach, namely, where there is actual knowledge, the contract would be void
at common law. But where there is no actual knowledge, the contract ought to
be performed. There would then be no room for equity to operate. But we
believe that simplicity may not always lead to a just result, especially where
innocent third parties are involved.

77 We do not think this court should approach the issue in a rigid and
dogmatic fashion. Equity is dynamic. A great attribute, thus an advantage, of
equity, is its flexibility to achieve the ends of justice. Constructive notice
is a concept of equity and whether constructive notice should lead the court
to intervene must necessarily depend on the presence of other factors which
could invoke the conscience of the court, such as “sharp practice” or
“unconscionable conduct”. Negligence _per se_ , on the other hand, should not
be sufficient to invoke equity. Parties to a contract do not owe a duty of
care to each other.

78 However, “unconscionability” cannot be imputed based on what a reasonable
person would have known. It must be based on matters the non-mistaken party
knows: see _Can-Dive Services v Pacific Coast Energy Corp_ (2000) 74 BCLR (3d)
30 (“ _Can-Dive_ ”) _per_ Southin JA at [142]. One cannot act unconscionably
if one does not know of facts which could render an act so. Thus, we do not
think we can accept the views of Shaw J, the lower court judge in _Can-Dive_ ,
that constructive knowledge alone would suffice to invoke equity’s conscience.
However, as we have indicated earlier, Canadian jurisprudence has moved in
that direction.

79 The point is raised by the appellants as to the relevance of the negligence
of the mistaken party. Clearly, more often than not, whenever a mistake has
occurred, there would have been carelessness, though the degree may vary from
case to case. This will be a factor which the court should take into account
to determine where equity lies. All we would add is that carelessness on the
part of the mistaken party does not, _ipso facto_ , disentitle that party to
relief.

80 To the extent that the court below thought that there is no equitable
jurisdiction in the courts to deal with the situation where one party is
mistaken as to an important or fundamental term, we would respectfully
disagree. Where the case falls within the common law doctrine of unilateral
mistake, there is, in effect, no contract. There will be no room for equity to
intervene. But where it does not and the court finds that there is
constructive knowledge on the part of the non-mistaken party, the court would,
in the exercise of its equitable jurisdiction, be entitled to intervene and
grant relief when it is unconscionable for the non-mistaken party to insist
that the contract be performed. Accordingly, we accept the _amicus curiae_ ’s
submission that constructive knowledge alone should not suffice to invoke
equity. There must be an additional element of impropriety. The conduct of
deliberately not bringing the suspicion of a possible mistake to the attention
of the mistaken party could constitute such impropriety.

81 The judge below felt that “the price for equitable justice is uncertainty”
and that the recognition of an equitable jurisdiction to rescind a contract
for unilateral mistake might only encourage further litigation. That fear,
with the greatest of respect, is more apparent than real. The courts here, as
well as in other common law countries, have been applying equitable principles
from time immemorial. While certainty is desirable, it is not an object which
should prevail in all circumstances, even against the dictates of justice. As
Assoc Prof Yeo Tiong Min in his article “Unilateral Mistake in Contract: Five
Degrees of Fusion of Common Law and Equity – _Chwee Kin Keong v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ ” [2004] SJLS 1 so aptly observed at p 12:

The fear that the use of “elastic” equitable principles will lead to
uncertainty and encourage litigation is arguably exaggerated.

We share this view. It is not more difficult to determine what is “equitable”
than what is “reasonable” at common law.

82 Moreover, as a matter of justice, as between a legal system having
exclusively only a common law principle of unilateral mistake, which
encompasses both actual or constructive knowledge of the non-mistaken party
and a system that embraces both the common law principle and equity in the
sense which we have alluded to above, there is certainly much to be said in
favour of the latter system. We have no doubt as to which system better serves
the ends of justice. As we have said before, the great advantage of an
equitable jurisdiction is its flexibility, to do justice not only between the
immediate parties, but also to innocent third parties.

83 In contrast, once the court should hold that a contract comes within the
common law principle of unilateral mistake, it is void _ab initio_ for all
purposes. Moreover, as pointed out earlier, the line between actual knowledge
and constructive knowledge may often be hard to draw. In a difficult case
where the court is not convinced that the non-mistaken party has actual
knowledge but is well satisfied that there is constructive knowledge and where
there is evidence of unconscionable conduct or sharp practice on the part of
the non-mistaken party, relief in equity may be granted on terms to ensure
that justice is attained with regard to all affected parties.

**Price and knowledge: the appellants’ arguments**

84 We now return to the facts of the present case. As mentioned earlier, the
first appellant no longer pursues this appeal except in relation to the orders
the court made in respect of costs. For the reasons set out in [10] to [13]
above, it is clear that the judge was amply justified to hold that at the
material time, the first appellant knew that there was an error in the price
of the printer stated on the two websites.

85 The remaining appellants argued that it does not follow that just because
the price was $66 they must have known that it was a mistake or they had
constructive knowledge of the same. They claimed that the trial judge did not
properly consider the possibility of finding such low prices in the commercial
world, especially with the advent of the Internet. It was submitted that
prices of certain goods could be marked very low for a variety of reasons,
such as obsolescence or stock clearance. The appellants conceded that they did
check on the Internet as to the price for a similar model, which was near to
US$2,000. They queried how their realisation that this type of printer was
going for US$2,000 at other sites would automatically make them “know” or
could impute upon them “constructive knowledge” that there was an error in the
pricing. They averred that it was natural for them to see this as an
opportunity to make some profit but that it would not have naturally occurred
to them that there was a mistake. It was asserted that it would also be
natural to order a larger quantity in order to make more profit. They argued
that the judge had wrongly applied the “snapping up” cases to the facts of the
present case. There was no evidence that any of the appellants knew of prior
cases involving errors of pricing occurring on the Internet.

86 Counsel for the appellants emphasised, in particular, that in relation to
the fourth appellant, his actions indicated that of a very serious buyer who
spent some time in working out his finances and calculating his options. He
was the only one who made a purchase order on the D Website. Later that
morning, he had even called the respondent, using the number listed, to
confirm that the transactions were in order. His call was never returned. He
had, it was submitted, exercised all due diligence. Counsel underscored the
fact that the judge seemed to have applied the same brush to tar all the
appellants when the circumstances of each appellant should have been examined
individually. The judge had also failed to take into account the negligence of
the respondent’s employees which gave rise to the present dispute.

87 As regards the fifth appellant, it was submitted that he only received the
SMS message from the second appellant at about 3.30am, on returning home. He
relied very much on what the second appellant said about it being a good deal.
While he did entertain some reservations whether the model was an obsolete
one, he was put at ease upon the second appellant informing him that the D
Website was also selling that model at the same price. He did not spend much
time in pondering over the matter before making the purchase.

**Our decision**

88 In respect of each of the appellants, the judge found that each knew that
there was a mistake as to the pricing on the websites, or at least that each
had constructive knowledge of the same. This finding as to actual knowledge is
a finding of fact. It was clearly based on the credibility of the parties and
such a finding should not be lightly disturbed by an appellate court unless it
is shown to be plainly wrong.

89 The appellants did not deny that each of them was opportunistic and seeking
profit. This was expressly admitted by them. But they contended that this was
not a matter that was truly relevant. While we agree that being opportunistic
and profit-seeking does not necessarily suggest knowledge, such motives are
nevertheless factors which a court is entitled to take into account, together
with other circumstances, in determining whether there was, in fact, knowledge
of the mistake or that the appellants had reasons to suspect there could be a
mistake.

90 As mentioned before, knowledge, apart from an express admission or
irrefutable evidence, has to be inferred from all the surrounding
circumstances. This was what the trial judge did. However, we accept that the
trial judge should not have taken into account an e-mail from the fourth
appellant to the first appellant at 4.15am, which was copied to the second
appellant, after the second appellant had made all the purchase orders.

91 It is trite law that an appellate court will be slow to overturn a finding
of fact by the trial judge who had the benefit of hearing the witnesses and
assessing their credibility. In this case the judge had assessed each
appellant’s credibility. The appellate court should only interfere where it is
of the opinion that the finding is plainly against the weight of the evidence.

92 The second appellant made an extensive search over the Internet and had
learnt that other websites were offering the same printer at about $3,000. He
admitted having some doubts about the price quoted on the respondent’s
websites and, at some point, even wondered whether he was buying only parts.
He had a subsequent conversation with the first appellant although he denied
having exchanged mutual beliefs as to the enormous differential between the
price quoted on the respondent’s websites and those on other websites. While
we recognise that the evidence does not directly show actual knowledge, we do
not think it was wholly unjustified of the court to infer knowledge. The
second appellant was clearly shutting his eyes as to the truth and snapping at
a bargain when he entertained serious doubts as to its correctness. He even
saw fit to check with the first appellant on what would be the position if
there was an error in the pricing. We agree with the judge’s finding. In any
case, even if the court should not have found the second appellant to have
actual knowledge of the mistake, it is clear that he had constructive
knowledge. While he had thought that there could be a mistake, he went on to
snap up a total of 180 printers. The court should be entitled to set side the
various purchases on the ground of sharp practice or unconscionable conduct.

93 As regards the third appellant, he found after some searches on the
Internet that the particular model of printer was going for US$2,000. To his
mind, this was a window of opportunity to make huge profits, and he decided to
“arbitrage” on the difference by ordering 760 printers. According to his
evidence, he harboured concerns as to whether the printer he was purchasing
was an outdated model. However, he could not seriously have thought so and yet
claimed to be able to make good profits. To claim, as the third appellant did,
that he did not at any point think that the price quoted could be a mistake
is, to our mind, unbelieveable, especially when he and his brother together
ordered more than a thousand units. Clearly suspecting a mistake, he pounced
on the opportunity to make more money before the mistake was discovered. Thus,
we do not think that the judge was wrong to have inferred actual knowledge.
The apparent contracts are therefore void.

94 As regards the fourth defendant, he admitted being concerned about the
description “55” and the very low price of $66, bearing in mind that colour
laser printers were among the most expensive in the range of printers. His
search on the Internet showed that the usual price range was around US$2,000.
Does the fact that the fourth appellant was the only one who made a purchase
order on the D Website (the other appellants had only accessed this site but
did not place their orders there) make a difference? The other appellants who
had accessed this website would also have been “assured” by what they saw on
this website in the sense that it confirmed what was stated on the HP Website.
It seems to us that the state of mind of the fourth appellant when he made the
purchase order on the D Website would be very much the same as that of the
other appellants who placed their orders only on the HP Website. All the more
so when the fourth appellant conceded that he knew the two websites were
related. We recognise that, unlike the other appellants, the fourth appellant
also sought confirmation later that day by telephone. This arguably indicated
his good faith.

95 While we may have some slight reservation about the judge’s finding that
the fourth defendant had actual knowledge of the mistake, we do not think that
it is sufficient to warrant overturning that finding of fact. We have no doubt
that the fourth appellant, in fact, suspected that there was a mistake. Under
those circumstances, the reasonable thing for him to do would have been to
wait until the morning to ascertain the veracity of the offer before placing
his orders. Instead he proceeded to make the purchases, as if fearing that his
belief of the existence of a mistake would be confirmed. We do not view his
later attempt at verification as substantiating his claim that he did not
think there was a mistake. In fact, the act of verification confirmed that he
had, at all times, harboured doubts about the correctness of the price. This
is clearly a case where, even if the court were to find that there was no
actual knowledge, equity ought to intervene to set aside the purchases as what
transpired clearly constituted “sharp practices”.

96 As regards the fifth appellant, it was rightly observed by the trial judge
that he could not have expected to obtain a good “arbitrage position” if the
model was an outdated one. In the light of the judge’s assessment of this
appellant’s credibility (see [21] above), we cannot see how the judge could be
faulted for having found that the fifth appellant had actual knowledge of the
mistake.

97 Finally, as regards the sixth appellant, since he left everything to his
brother, the third appellant, the latter had become his agent and whatever
knowledge the third appellant had would accordingly be imputed to the sixth
appellant. Thus, the sixth appellant’s claim would stand or fall with that of
the third appellant.

98 A general criticism made by the appellants is that the trial judge was not
objective and had wrongly applied the “snapping up” cases in finding actual
knowledge or constructive knowledge on the part of the appellants; he had
tarred all the appellants with the same brush. We reject this stricture. While
haste _per se_ in concluding a transaction will not _ipso facto_ suggest
actual or constructive knowledge, it is certainly a relevant factor which the
court is entitled to take into account in determining whether there was such
knowledge on the part of the appellants. To imply that the judge had not
adequately considered all the relevant evidence before imputing actual or
constructive knowledge to each appellant is wholly unwarranted. The judge had
carefully considered the facts pertaining to each individual appellant. The
treatment in the judgment is self-evident.

99 Rajah JC had very much in mind that the crucial issue with regard to each
appellant was the question as to his knowledge of the mistake in the pricing
and the belief entertained by each when he entered into the transactions. He
expressly said that it was imperative that the position of each appellant be
“carefully evaluated”. His reasoning (at [29]) that the first appellant would
have shared with the other appellants, whom he contacted, his belief that
there was a mistake is convincing:

I do not accept that there were no discussions between them on the price
posting being an error. The evidence incontrovertibly indicates that the first
[appellant] himself entertained this view for the entire period he was in
communication with the second and third [appellants]. If he was prepared to
commit this view in writing to a larger circle of 54 friends and business
associates after his communication with the second and third [appellants], he
would certainly have shared this view with his close friends with even greater
candour and detail.

**Amendment to pleadings**

100 A subsidiary point raised by the appellant is that the trial judge was
wrong to have allowed the respondent to amend its pleadings at the conclusion
of the trial.

101 Under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the
court may grant leave to amend a pleading at any stage of the proceedings.
This can be before or during the trial, or after judgment or on appeal. In
granting leave, the court must bear in mind the caution issued by Lord
Griffiths in _Ketteman v Hansel Properties_ _Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 at 220:

[T]o allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite different from allowing
it at the end of the trial to give an apparently unsuccessful defendant an
opportunity to renew the fight on an entirely different defence.

102 This was not the effect of the amendments which the court allowed the
respondent to make. Moreover, it is important to note that what, in fact,
transpired at the close of the trial was that the judge had indicated to both
the appellants and the respondent that they should amend their pleadings to
bring them in line with the evidence adduced and on which submissions had been
made. At the time, both parties had agreed to the suggestion. The respondent
followed this up by making a formal application. The appellants did not and
instead simply filed a Re-Amended Statement of Claim without formal
application, which pleading they later withdrew. They then objected to the
respondent’s formal application to amend. The respondent’s amendments
incorporated into the pleadings the issues which had been canvassed at the
trial. The amendments did not raise new issues and they were, in fact,
foreshadowed in the opening statements of the parties. The judge, in granting
leave, was acting wholly in consonant with the principle enunciated by this
court in _Wright Norman v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 513
at 515–516, [6]:

It is trite law that an amendment which would enable the real issues between
the parties to be tried should be allowed subject to penalties on costs …
unless the amendment would cause injustice or injury to the opposing party
which could not be compensated for by costs or otherwise ...

103 The parties had ample opportunities to deal with the issues which the
Amended Defence formally reflected. We are of the opinion that the appellants
have failed to show any real prejudice arising from the amendments. There was,
as the judge noted, “no element of surprise or prejudice” on account of the
amendments. Leave was also given to the appellants to adduce further evidence,
if they so desired. Indeed, after leave to amend was granted, each of the
appellants filed a further short affidavit refuting the allegation that they
had knowledge of the mistake relating to the price of the printer. The third
appellant’s girlfriend, Tan Cheng Peng, also filed an affidavit detailing her
communications with him. Therefore, there are no merits in the appellants’
submissions on this point.

**Costs**

104 Finally, the appellants contended that the court below erred in awarding
the respondent the full costs of the trial notwithstanding that it failed on
all the defences raised except on the issue of unilateral mistake. A
considerable portion of the trial was spent on the issues on which the
respondent did not succeed, _eg_ , there were no effective contracts and the
contracts were “subject to stock availability”. The judge had even noted that
the respondent had mounted a “root and branch attack” on the appellants’
claims, leaving no stone unturned.

105 While the respondent had ultimately succeeded in defending the action, and
for that the costs properly incurred should go to the respondent, we are
unable to see why costs which had been incurred on issues which the respondent
had unsuccessfully raised should be borne by the appellants (see also O 59 r
6A of the Rules of Court). Considerable time was taken on the issues on which
the respondent had failed. Accordingly, while we appreciate that a court’s
decision on costs is a matter of discretion, the present order on costs ought
to be set aside. Taking a broad view of things, we would substitute in its
place an order that the appellants shall bear two-thirds of the taxed costs of
the trial.

106 Another issue on costs raised by the appellants is that the sum of $1,000
awarded to them as being the costs incurred on account of the respondent’s
amendments to its Defence is far too low. In the absence of more specific
reasons advanced to challenge the amount awarded, and as the question of the
proper quantum is always a matter of discretion of the court, we do not find
any merit in this complaint.

**Judgment**

107 In the result, the appeal is dismissed, except in relation to the order on
costs of the trial as indicated above. As for the costs of this appeal,
because the appellants have substantially failed, they will bear 90% of the
costs based on the issues raised in the Appellants’ Case. Should there be any
dispute among the appellants as to the first appellant’s share of the costs of
this appeal, they shall be at liberty to apply for further directions.

108 In concluding, this court would like to record its deep appreciation to
the _amicus curiae_ , Assoc Prof Daniel Seng, for the invaluable assistance
rendered by him in this appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

