Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Others  
[2005] SGCA 4

Case Number | : | CA 58/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Arul (Arul Chew and Partners) for appellant; Khoo Boo Jin and Daniel Tan (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for first respondent; Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin and Bok) for third and fourth respondents   
Parties | : |  Ong Jane Rebecca — Lim Lie Hoa   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Inquiry into assets of estate – Whether assistant
registrar gave appellant opportunity to put forward best case – Whether
assistant registrar erred in excluding various assets as part of estate  
  
Probate and Administration – Account – Difference between common account and
account on basis of wilful default – Whether present account was common
account or account on basis of wilful default – Whether unrealised assets
could be included in common account – Whether beneficiary could pick and
choose in common account when trustee used money from mixed fund – Whether
undervalue was relevant in common account  
  
Trusts – Breach of trust – Identification of trust property – Administrator
mixed estate funds with personal funds in bank account – Effect of mixing
trust funds with trustee's personal funds – Whether assistant registrar erred
in refusing to include entire account as part of estate  
  

19 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This appeal is one of three arising out of an inquiry conducted by Assistant
Registrar Phang Hsiao Chung (“AR Phang”) into the assets of the estate of Ong
Seng King (also known as Ong Seng Keng, Ong Keng Seng, Ong King Seng and Arief
Husni) (“the deceased”). The parties participating in the inquiry are all
beneficiaries of the estate of the deceased. Before the High Court, AR Phang’s
findings were contested: see [2003] SGHC 126. Those appeals were, however,
dismissed by Choo Han Teck J ([2004] SGHC 131) and the parties have now
appealed further.

**Background**

2 The deceased was a wealthy Indonesian businessman. He was married to Lim Lie
Hoa (also known as Lim Le Hoa and Lily Arief Husni) (“Mdm Lim”). The couple
had three sons, the youngest of whom, Ong Keng Tong (“K T Ong”), was born
after the death of the deceased. The eldest son is Sjamsudin Husni (also known
as Ong Siauw Tjoan) (“S T Ong”) and the second son is Ong Siauw Ping (“S P
Ong”).

3 The deceased died intestate in October 1974, leaving substantial assets in a
number of jurisdictions. Initially Mdm Lim and her sister were respectively
the administrator and co-administrator of the estate. In July 1978, fresh
letters of administration were granted to Mdm Lim as administrator and S T Ong
as co-administrator as by then S T Ong had turned 21. Mdm Lim, however,
continued to wield sole control over the estate.

4 In October 1982, S T Ong married in England. His wife, now known as Jane
Rebecca Ong (“Jane Ong”), petitioned for divorce in March 1988 by which time
the couple had had three children. Soon after, S T Ong left England for
Singapore. When Jane Ong discovered that her husband was a beneficiary of the
deceased’s estate, she commenced maintenance proceedings in Singapore.

5 In June 1989, S T Ong executed a deed of release whereby he acknowledged
receipt of £1,018,000 and US$150,000 in full and final settlement of his
interest in the deceased’s estate. However, after a quarrel with Mdm Lim,
sometime during the last quarter of 1990, S T Ong decided to co-operate with
Jane Ong to recover his share of the estate from Mdm Lim. In August 1991, he
executed a deed of assignment whereby he assigned to Jane Ong “one-half of all
his entitlement to the distributive share of the residuary estate of [the
deceased] and all other rights (if any) in or to the said Estate”. S T Ong
also executed an irrevocable power of attorney giving Jane Ong the power to
demand and sue for his share in the residuary estate.

6 On 21 September 1991, an Originating Summons (OS 939/1991) was filed in
which S T Ong was named as the plaintiff and Mdm Lim as the defendant. These
proceedings sought, _inter alia_ , accounts and enquiries to be taken of the
estate. Two months later, S T Ong switched his allegiance back to his mother,
Mdm Lim, and Jane Ong then applied to be added as the plaintiff in the action
and to make S T Ong the second defendant. Thereafter the proceedings were
ordered to be continued as if the matter had been begun by writ.

**The decision in OS 939/1991**

7 The action was heard by Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was). In his judgment of
16 July 1996 ([1996] SGHC 140), Chao J found that the deed of release by which
S T Ong had relinquished his rights to the estate was void and unenforceable
as Mdm Lim had used undue influence in order to procure its execution. The
deed of assignment in favour of Jane Ong was found to be valid and it was
determined that she was, accordingly, entitled to a half-share of S T Ong’s
interest in the estate. Chao J then directed that an enquiry be held to
determine:

(a) the assets of the estate and their whereabouts;

(b) the extent of S T Ong’s share in the estate;

(c) the amounts that had been received by S T Ong from the estate;

(d) the amounts still due to S T Ong from the estate as at 29 August 1991 (the
date of the deed of assignment); and

(e) the quantum of Jane Ong’s share under the deed of assignment.

8 Both Mdm Lim and S T Ong appealed against Chao J’s findings. By a written
judgment dated 16 April 1997 (reported as _Lim Lie Hoa v Ong Jane Rebecca_
[1997] 2 SLR 320), the Court of Appeal dismissed these appeals. Subsequently,
in February 2002, Mdm Lim’s younger sons, S P Ong and K T Ong, applied
successfully to be added as the third and fourth defendants to OS 939/1991,
as, being beneficiaries of the estate, they had an interest in the inquiry to
be conducted into the assets of the estate and the amounts received by their
elder brother.

**The inquiry and AR Phang’s decision**

9 The inquiry commenced in October 2002. It was held over 23 days. By the time
of the inquiry, S T Ong had made another about-turn and during the inquiry and
the appeal to Choo J, he was supporting Jane Ong again and fighting Mdm Lim
instead.

10 AR Phang addressed the issues raised in the inquiry as follows. First, all
the assets belonging to the deceased at the time of his death were ascertained
and valued. The legitimate debts of the deceased and the estate expenses were
then deducted from the estate, and this allowed AR Phang to arrive at the
notional value available for distribution on 29 August 1991. AR Phang held
that the distribution of the estate was governed by the Intestate Succession
Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) of Singapore. On this basis, Mdm Lim was entitled
to a half-share of the notional value of the estate, while the deceased’s
three sons were entitled to one-sixth each.

11 The amounts that the estate had already distributed to S T Ong by 29 August
1991 were then determined. This was important because although S T Ong had
assigned to Jane Ong half of his entitlement to the estate (and not just half
of what remained undistributed), her share was necessarily limited by the
extent of his remaining interest in the estate. Jane Ong was therefore
entitled to one-twelfth of the notional value of the estate, subject to a cap
representing S T Ong’s remaining interest in the estate as of the date of the
assignment.

12 In ascertaining what assets had belonged to the deceased at the date of his
death, AR Phang considered not only assets in the name of the deceased but
also assets in the name of Mdm Lim that Jane Ong and S T Ong asserted should
be counted as part of the estate’s assets. He made many findings in respect of
these assets and dealt with them in detail in his 185-page judgment. Some of
his findings were challenged before Choo J and those findings were also
challenged before us. It is therefore necessary in this judgment to deal with
those findings that are still in issue although this is a rather lengthy
process.

**_Singapore assets_**

13 AR Phang assessed the net value of the deceased’s estate in Singapore at
$11,872,574.21 after deducting legitimate estate expenses. In arriving at this
figure, AR Phang rejected Jane Ong’s claims that the following assets should
be included as part of the estate:

(a) Properties purchased prior to the deceased’s death in Mdm Lim’s name
(collectively referred to as the “Class A assets”), namely:

(i) 31 Ford Avenue;

(ii) 17 Leng Kee Road;

(iii) 251 Tanglin Road;

(iv) 73N Cairnhill Mansion;

(v) 69 Cairnhill Mansion;

(vi) 16 East Sussex Lane; and

(vii) 20D Norfolk Road.

(b) Properties purchased after the deceased’s death in the name of Mdm Lim or
“parties related to her” (collectively referred to as the “Class B assets”),
namely:

(i) #10-02 Lucky Tower;

(ii) Unit 30D Block A, Leonie Towers;

(iii) #07-02 The Claymore, 27 Claymore Road;

(iv) #18-01 East Tower, Horizon Towers; and

(v) #17-02 Beverly Hills.

_Class A assets_

14 AR Phang acknowledged that Mdm Lim had been unable to provide documentary
evidence to prove that she had used her personal funds to purchase the Class A
assets. However, given that they had been acquired more than 20 years
previously, no adverse inference could reasonably be drawn against her on this
account. AR Phang noted that Mdm Lim was more than capable of accumulating
substantial savings of her own and using them to purchase these properties,
because the deceased had made generous financial gifts to her throughout their
marriage. While she had admittedly used money from the estate to pay income
and property tax and other expenses relating to these properties, this did not
necessarily indicate that the properties formed part of the deceased’s estate,
as she could simply have misapplied estate funds for her personal expenses.
Most notably, the deceased had never asserted an interest in any of the
properties, even though they were purchased at least three years before his
death. In the circumstances, AR Phang concluded that the Class A assets did
not belong to the estate.

_Class B assets_

15 As for the Class B assets, all of which were purchased after the deceased’s
death, AR Phang found that there was no substantive evidence to support Jane
Ong’s contention that they were purchased with estate moneys. Given the lapse
of time, it was understandable why Mdm Lim could not adduce documentary
evidence to explain the sources of her funds for acquiring these properties.
Although a credit advice showed that $49,999.90 of the purchase price of
#17-02 Beverly Hills came from the estate’s Hong Kong bank account with Sin
Hua Trust Savings & Commercial Bank (“Sin Hua Trust Bank”), AR Phang
emphasised that Mdm Lim was not merely a trustee but also a beneficiary of the
deceased’s estate. This $49,999.90 was, in all probability, part of her
personal entitlement to the estate.

_Conclusion_

16 Excluding the disputed Class A and Class B assets, the deceased’s assets in
Singapore, comprising various deposits, bank accounts and shares as well as
the properties 45/47 Robinson Road and 4 Chatsworth Park, had a net worth of
$11,872,574.21.

**_Hong Kong assets_**

17 The deceased’s undisputed assets in Hong Kong, including bank accounts,
shares and properties, were valued at HK$18,686,098.75 after deducting estate
expenses. At the inquiry, Jane Ong contended that the figure should be higher,
as the following three properties had been sold at an undervalue:

(a) 17 Shouson Hill Road West – sold on 23 June 1980 for HK$4m;

(b) 24 Ice House Street – sold on 9 May 1981 for HK$13.7m; and

(c) Flat B on the first floor of Yuet Wah Mansion, 53 Yuet Wah Street – sold
on or about 3 April 1978 for HK$125,000.

_17 Shouson Hill Road West_

18 Jane Ong’s expert, Paul Varty (“Varty”), gave evidence that the sale price
of HK$4m was “significantly below the value which should have been achieved at
that time”. Using the residual valuation method of property valuation, which
took into account the development potential of the property, Varty claimed
that it was worth between HK$10.5m and HK$15.75m at the time of the sale. AR
Phang disagreed as he found Varty’s valuation “unduly optimistic”. Given the
fluctuations in property prices at the time and the existing encumbrances,
including the estate’s potential obligation to the tenant to rectify the
defects in the property, AR Phang took the view that the sale price of HK$4m
was not an undervalue.

_24 Ice House Street_

19 Mdm Lim contracted to sell 24 Ice House Street to Wild Fast Investment
Company Limited (“Wild Fast”) for HK$13.7m on 9 May 1981. By a sale and
purchase agreement dated 16 May 1981, Wild Fast sold the property on to Koledo
Company Limited (“Koledo”) for HK$28m. Jane Ong submitted that the property
must have been sold to Wild Fast at an undervalue, as the latter managed to
sell the property to Koledo for more than twice the price just a week later.
AR Phang doubted, however, that Wild Fast’s sub-sale to Koledo was an
arm’s-length transaction, since it far exceeded the prices of the adjacent
properties during the same period, and even Varty could not justify valuing
the property at HK$28m. Given the average sale prices of similar properties at
the time, AR Phang found that Mdm Lim had not sold the property to Wild Fast
at an undervalue.

_Flat B on the first floor of Yuet Wah Mansion, 53 Yuet Wah Street_

20 Jane Ong’s contention that the flat was sold at an undervalue was summarily
dismissed by AR Phang as she could not provide any evidence of the market
value of the property at the time when it was sold. Varty had conceded in
court that he did not carry out any valuation of the property, but had merely
given his opinion that, based on official statistics, the average purchase
price of similar property would have been between HK$140,000 and HK$205,000.
His evidence was clearly an insufficient basis on which to arrive at any
accurate market value of the flat.

21 As AR Phang found that none of the properties were sold at an undervalue,
the value of the deceased’s undisputed assets in Hong Kong remained unchanged.

_Sin Hua Trust Bank accounts_

22 Jane Ong also alleged that funds in two bank accounts with Sin Hua Trust
Bank belonged to the estate. AR Phang found no basis for Jane Ong’s assertion
that account no 031-349-020456-8 contained estate moneys. The status of the
second account, account no 031-349-5756545 (“the second Sin Hua account”), was
less clear. The second Sin Hua account was a one-month fixed deposit for
NZ$2,308,869.07 in Mdm Lim’s name, and she claimed ownership of the entire
sum. However, Mdm Lim also contended that NZ$447,000 that was transferred from
this second Sin Hua account to S T Ong was a distribution from the estate,
which implied that the NZ$447,000, and possibly the entire account, belonged
to the estate.

23 Balancing Mdm Lim’s implicit admission against the fact that there was no
evidence that the other funds originated from the estate, AR Phang held that
NZ$447,000 in the second Sin Hua account belonged to the estate, while the
remaining NZ$1,861,869.07 belonged to Mdm Lim personally. Taking into account
the interest that the NZ$447,000 would have earned, AR Phang valued the
estate’s share of the funds in the second Sin Hua bank account at
NZ$451,935.37.

_Assets held by Grand Trading Company_

24 Mdm Lim conceded that the deceased had had an interest in the Hong-Kong-
registered Grand Trading Company. Jane Ong alleged that the following assets
held by Grand Trading Company also formed part of the estate:

(a) DM5,713,772.28 standing in the account of “Grand Trading Company Ltd” with
Bank Mees & Hope NV as of 21 November 1974 plus interest.

(b) £2,933,178 earned from various sale transactions carried out by Grand
Trading Company.

(c) an irrevocable letter of credit opened in favour of Grand Trading Company
by Marine Midland Bank with a balance of £105,061.70 as of 19 January 1976.

25 AR Phang rejected all of Jane Ong’s contentions. Although there was a bank
statement from Bank Mees & Hope NV that reflected a balance of DM5,713,772.28,
the same statement also indicated that DM6,000,000 was withdrawn on 25
November 1974. Since Mdm Lim had not obtained a grant of letters of
administration at this time, AR Phang surmised that the money was probably
withdrawn by the deceased’s partner in Grand Trading Company, one Batara Pane
Alamsjah (“Alamsjah”). As there was no evidence that Alamsjah had paid this
money over to the estate, it could not be included in the valuation. There was
similarly no evidence that the estate ever realised the remaining sums of
£2,933,178 (profits from sales) and £105,061.70 (letter of credit with Marine
Midland Bank).

26 Grand Trading Company also held accounts with United Commercial Bank and
Banque Nationale de Paris plc. The account with United Commercial Bank was
already accounted for as part of the deceased’s undisputed assets, leaving the
account with Banque Nationale de Paris plc (valued at £1,430.34 after
deductions) to be added to the pool of assets.

_Conclusion_

27 The net value of the deceased’s estate in Hong Kong was therefore found to
be HK$18,686,098.75, NZ$451,935.37 and £1,430.34.

**_Malaysian assets_**

28 The deceased’s assets in Malaysia, assessed at S$485,528, were largely
undisputed.

**_Indonesian assets_**

29 The deceased’s undisputed assets, comprising shares in two Indonesian
companies, were valued at S$3,566,667. AR Phang also accepted Jane Ong’s
argument that a house registered in Mdm Lim’s name at Jalan Batu Tulis 2,
Jakarta, was beneficially owned by the deceased. After the proceeds of this
house were added, the deceased’s assets in Indonesia were valued at
S$3,616,667. AR Phang further found that the deceased had had an interest in
two properties: a piece of land in Cibenong and a jute plantation in Lampung.
As the properties had yet to be identified or realised, they could not be
included in the valuation. However, AR Phang declared that Jane Ong was
entitled to a one-twelfth share of each of them.

**_European assets_**

30 Jane Ong also claimed that funds in a number of European bank accounts
belonged to the deceased’s estate.

_Bank Mees & Hope NV_

31 Mdm Lim admitted that the estate held the following accounts with Bank Mees
& Hope NV:

(a) a deposit of US$1.5m;

(b) a current account with a credit balance of US$76,772.40; and

(c) a current account with a debit balance of £7,970.17.

Based on the exchange rate prevailing in May 1975, the net value of these
accounts was US$1,558,277.86. According to Mdm Lim, these accounts were later
closed and the moneys transferred to Midland Bank Trust Corporation (Jersey)
Limited (“Midland Bank”).

32 Jane Ong maintained that these undisputed accounts ought to have earned
additional interest amounting to US$152,504. However, AR Phang reasoned that
any interest earned would have been subsumed under the current account credit
balance of US$76,772.40 (account (b) in [31] above).

33 Jane Ong also claimed that the deceased had a deposit of US$3m with Bank
Mee & Hope NV. Although correspondence from the administrators’ lawyers to the
bank indicated that the administrators believed there was such a deposit, the
bank firmly denied its existence. As the administrators’ belief did not, in
itself, translate into a liability on the part of the bank, AR Phang found
that there was no additional US$3m deposit.

_Midland Bank_

34 Sometime in 1976, the entire sum of US$1,558,277.86 from Bank Mees & Hope
NV was deposited into Mdm Lim’s bank accounts with Midland Bank. Mdm Lim
asserted that she also deposited her personal funds into these accounts,
although she failed to provide details of the exact amount of personal funds
deposited, when they were deposited or which account they were deposited into.

35 Ordinarily, when a trustee mixes trust funds with her own funds, the law
assumes that the whole is subject to the trust: _Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd v
Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 241 (“ _Caltong_ ”). In the
absence of any proper accounting of the funds in the accounts from Mdm Lim, AR
Phang held that all the funds in the accounts belonged to the estate. However,
this did not mean that the entire credit balance of US$1,299,691.04 should be
added to the pool of assets. Since the principal sum was derived from the
US$1,558,277.86 credit in Bank Mees & Hope NV which had already been included
in the valuation, any addition of the principal sum in the Midland Bank
accounts would result in double-counting. The only amount that could be added
from the Midland Bank funds was the interest earned between 1976 and 4
November 1985, which AR Phang assessed at DM2,708,472.40, £331,043.46 and
US$8,752.90.

_Standard Chartered Bank (CI) Limited (“Standard Chartered Bank”)_

36 When the Midland Bank accounts were closed on 4 November 1985, the balance
sum of US$1,299,691.04 was deposited into Mdm Lim’s account with Standard
Chartered Bank. At this time, Mdm Lim’s account with Standard Chartered Bank
already had a personal credit balance of US$2,705,634.42.

37 On 20 December 1985, US$1,203,143.75 or £837,500 was debited from the
account to pay for the property known as 39 Sheldon Avenue, Highgate, London,
which was registered in Mdm Lim’s name but intended to be the residence of S T
Ong and his family. Mdm Lim initially claimed that US$862,066 of this sum
should be treated as a distribution from the estate to S T Ong. She
subsequently changed her story and maintained that 39 Sheldon Avenue was
acquired with some $5m that she transferred from Singapore. AR Phang did not
believe this new version of events. Instead, he found that 39 Sheldon Avenue
was acquired from funds in the Standard Chartered account, which contained Mdm
Lim’s personal moneys mixed with estate funds. Applying the rule in _In re
Hallett’s Estate_ (1880) 13 Ch D 696 and taking into account the fact that the
property was registered in Mdm Lim’s name, AR Phang held that Mdm Lim must be
presumed to have drawn on her own funds first. As 39 Sheldon Avenue was
purchased with Mdm Lim’s personal funds, the estate’s money continued to earn
interest in the account, amounting to US$560,499.52.

_Conclusion_

38 AR Phang found no evidence to suggest that any additional amounts in other
European bank accounts should be included as part of the deceased’s estate. He
therefore valued the deceased’s estate in Europe at US$2,127,530.28,
DM2,708,472.40 and £331,043.46, comprising funds in the accounts with Bank
Mees & Hope NV and interest accrued on the accounts in Midland Bank and
Standard Chartered Bank.

**_Miscellaneous assets_**

39 Jane Ong also insisted that various miscellaneous assets belonged to the
estate. AR Phang rejected her assertions except in respect of a bank account
in the United States. In the absence of any evidence as to the value of the
account or whether it was realised, he simply declared that Jane Ong would be
entitled to a one-twelfth share of the deceased’s interest in the account.

**_Payments to S T Ong_**

40 It was not disputed that S T Ong had received numerous amounts from Mdm Lim
between the deceased’s death and 29 August 1991. The question was whether
these payments should be characterised as distributions from the estate or
gifts or advances from Mdm Lim personally. In AR Phang’s opinion, before a
particular payment to S T Ong could be treated as a distribution, it was
incumbent on Mdm Lim to inform S T Ong that it was to be treated as such. On
the evidence, it was clear that neither Mdm Lim nor S T Ong had applied their
minds to consider the proper characterisation of most of the payments.

41 On that basis, the only payments that could legitimately be characterised
as distributions were payments of $475,000 and $242,255 from the sale proceeds
of 4 Chatsworth Park, an undisputed asset of the estate in Singapore. S T Ong
had been informed that these payments were distributions from the estate, and
he confirmed that he had received the full sum of $717,255. As for the rest of
the payments made by Mdm Lim to S T Ong on various occasions, AR Phang held
that they were most likely allowances from Mdm Lim personally, and not
distributions from the estate. He therefore concluded that as of 29 August
1991, S T Ong had received only $717,255 in distributions from the deceased’s
estate.

**_Jane Ong’s share in the estate_**

42 On the basis of the findings made by AR Phang, the amounts still due to S T
Ong, and Jane Ong’s share in the estate, can be summarised as follows:

**Location of assets** |  **S T Ong’s remaining interest** |  **Jane Ong’s share in the estate**  
---|---|---  
Singapore |  S$1,261,507.37 |  S$989,381.19  
Hong Kong |  HK$3,114,349.79 NZ$75,322.56 £238.39 |  HK$1,557,174.90 NZ$37,661.28 £119.20  
Malaysia |  S$80,921.33 |  S$40,460.67  
Indonesia |  S$602,777.83 One-sixth share of estate’s interest in land in Cibenong and Lampung |  S$301,388.91 One-twelfth share of estate’s interest in land  
Europe |  US$354,588.38 DM451,412.07 £55,173.91 |  US$177,294.19 DM225,706.04 £27,586.96  
United States |  One-sixth share of estate’s interest in bank account |  One-twelfth share of estate’s interest in bank account  
  
43 Converting the value of the entire estate to Singapore dollars, AR Phang
ordered that Jane Ong should have final judgment against Mdm Lim for the sum
of $2,321,770.27 plus interest as well as a one-twelfth share of the
deceased’s interests in a piece of land in Cibenong, a jute plantation in
Lampung and a bank account in the United States. Setting off the judgment sum
against the interim payments Jane Ong had already received from Mdm Lim, AR
Phang determined that Jane Ong was entitled to a further payment of $37,493.67
plus interest.

**_Costs_**

44 AR Phang dealt with the issue of costs in a further judgment dated 30 June
2003: see [2003] SGHC 143. Applying the general rule that costs should follow
the event, since Jane Ong had obtained judgment for a substantial sum of money
as well as declarations that she was entitled to a share in certain assets, AR
Phang ordered Mdm Lim to pay Jane Ong’s costs of inquiry. He, however,
excluded from this order certain sums that he considered had been
unnecessarily and unreasonably incurred. Mdm Lim was also ordered to bear the
costs of S T Ong (subject to the exclusion of certain unnecessary and
unreasonable costs), S P Ong and K T Ong, as the inquiry was necessitated by
her default in administering the estate and they had had to participate in it
to protect their respective interests. In addition, S T Ong was also a
necessary party to the action as he was a signatory of the deed of release,
the deed of assignment and the power of attorney.

**The appeals to the High Court**

45 The outcome of the inquiry was not wholly satisfactory to any of the
parties. Each of them appealed to the High Court but against different
findings. Jane Ong and S T Ong appealed against AR Phang’s findings on the
value of the estate and S T Ong’s share therein in Registrar’s Appeals Nos
600022 and 600023 of 2003, while Mdm Lim, S P Ong and K T Ong appealed against
his determination of the amount already distributed to S T Ong from the estate
in Registrar’s Appeals Nos 600024 and 600025 of 2003. They also contested the
costs orders made. None of the appeals succeeded.

46 Choo Han Teck J noted that the substratum of Jane Ong’s appeal was the
contention that AR Phang had wrongly placed on Jane Ong the onerous burden of
having to prove that disputed assets belonged to the estate. Choo J rejected
that contention. He emphasised that unlike a proper trial where there is both
a legal and evidential burden to discharge, the notion of a legal burden does
not exist in an inquiry as, conceptually, there is no partisan party to prove
a cause. There is only an evidential burden of proof, which lies on the person
making the assertions. Therefore, it was incumbent on Jane Ong to prove that
the disputed assets did belong to the estate. Mdm Lim, as the administrator,
was obliged to produce the estate’s accounts, but an assertion by any other
party had to be proved by that party.

47 Jane Ong claimed that AR Phang had erred when he refused to find that Mdm
Lim was in breach of trust, even though the evidence indicated that she had
used money from the deceased’s estate to pay income and property tax and other
expenses relating to her personal properties. On this point, Choo J upheld AR
Phang’s decision. In Choo J’s view, the alleged breaches of trust were serious
allegations that would have required the initiation of a writ action in which
the particulars were properly set out for Mdm Lim to respond. AR Phang’s
responsibilities in the inquiry were simply to determine the extent of the
deceased’s estate and S T Ong’s and Jane Ong’s shares therein. A decision on
the thorny issue of breach of trust was strictly outside his purview.

48 Jane Ong also argued that AR Phang had wrongly excluded various documents
seized from Mdm Lim during the execution of two Anton Piller orders on 23
December 1999. On 21 October 2002, the first day of inquiry, Jane Ong had
sought to tender one set of the documents as well as six CDs containing soft
copies to the court. AR Phang refused to admit them and, on the afternoon of
24 October 2002, ordered that the documents be compiled into a single bundle
to be made available by 9.00am the next day. This was, according to Jane Ong,
unfair as she was a lay person with limited resources. However, Choo J found
any insinuations of a miscarriage of justice to be entirely unfounded. Jane
Ong was represented by counsel at the material time. Given the history of the
saga and her counsel’s intimate knowledge of the case, AR Phang’s order could
not be considered unfair.

49 Jane Ong further claimed that AR Phang had failed to give her sufficient
time to cross-examine the witnesses and had relied unduly on the rule in
_Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67 to disregard any evidence not specifically put
to Mdm Lim. The rule in _Browne v Dunn_ provides that any matter upon which it
is proposed to contradict the evidence-in-chief given by a witness must
generally be put to him so that he may have an opportunity to explain the
contradiction. As Jane Ong had failed to put many of her assertions to Mdm Lim
during cross-examination, AR Phang discounted Jane Ong’s assertions on these
issues.

50 After reviewing Jane Ong’s allegations, Choo J was in entire agreement with
the manner in which AR Phang had applied the rule in _Browne v Dunn_. AR Phang
had correctly observed that the rule did not entail having to put every point
to a witness. He had rejected only the contentions that went to “the heart of
the matter”, and which Jane Ong failed to put to Mdm Lim: see _Dr Lo Sook Ling
Adela v Au Mei Yin_ _Christina_ [2002] 1 SLR 408. Such an approach was
eminently reasonable.

51 As for Jane Ong’s contentions against AR Phang’s substantive findings on
the assets of the estate and their respective valuations, Choo J found that AR
Phang had “weighed all the evidence and given credit where it was due, and did
not appear to have accepted the evidence lightly, or rejected any carelessly”.
Choo J considered that AR Phang’s findings were justified by the evidence and
he therefore did not disturb AR Phang’s valuation of the deceased’s estate.

**The appeal to the Court of Appeal**

52 All the parties except S T Ong (who has run out of funds) have appealed
against Choo J’s decision. Their arguments remain broadly similar to those
canvassed in the court below. Jane Ong’s appeal concerns AR Phang’s conduct of
the inquiry and his findings in respect of the assets of the estate.

53 Jane Ong’s position was the same before us as it was before Choo J. She
contended that AR Phang erred in his valuation of the estate in that:

(a) the scope of the inquiry was wrongly restricted because AR Phang excluded
the issue of the breaches of trust committed by Mdm Lim while she administered
the estate and therefore he disregarded the depletion of the assets of the
estate that resulted from such breaches;

(b) he did not give Jane Ong the opportunity to put forward her best case at
the inquiry;

(c) he undervalued a number of assets belonging to the estate; and

(d) he refused to include various assets as part of the estate.

**_Scope of the inquiry_**

54 Jane Ong accepted that the scope of every proceeding is determined by
reference to the pleadings in that proceeding as these documents set out the
issues which the parties wish the court to adjudicate on. Her counsel argued
that right from the start of OS 939/1991, it had been Jane Ong’s case that Mdm
Lim had committed numerous breaches of trust in her administration of the
estate. He contended that Jane Ong had requested that the inquiry be held on
the basis that Mdm Lim was a trustee in default and that findings of fact made
by Chao J had confirmed breach of trust on the part of Mdm Lim. Counsel
contended that although Chao J did not specify whether the inquiry he ordered
was to be on the standard basis or on the footing of wilful default, in the
light of the judge’s finding that Mdm Lim had procured a deed of release from
S T Ong while exercising undue influence on him, the judge could not have
intended for the inquiry to be restricted to an accounting on the standard
basis. Accordingly, Choo J’s refusal to even consider the evidence to
determine whether or not Mdm Lim had committed breaches of trust was a grave
error.

55 The significance of Jane Ong’s argument is that where an inquiry is being
conducted into the value of a trust estate, how that value would be arrived at
will vary depending on the basis of the inquiry. In a common or standard
account, such as the one conducted by AR Phang, the trustee need only account
for what was actually received and his disbursement and distribution of it. In
an account on the basis of wilful default, the trustee is not only required to
account for what he has received, but also for what he might have received had
it not been for the default. In the latter case, the accounting party also
carries a much more substantial burden of proof than that which applies to him
in the case of a common account: see _Glazier v Australian Men’s Health (No
2)_ [2001] NSWSC 6.

56 The problem that Jane Ong faces in propounding this argument is that it is
not supported by her own pleadings in OS 939/1991. Choo J considered that it
would have been a “folly” had the Registrar embarked on a trial as to whether
there were indeed breaches of trust by Mdm Lim as no proper pleadings had been
filed. A close perusal of the Statement of Claim filed by Jane Ong reveals
that almost all of the allegations of breach of trust that she made were
directed to the contention that the deed of release was invalid. Further,
nowhere in that pleading did Jane Ong expressly pray for any specific relief
in respect of Mdm Lim’s purported breaches of trust. Her request for an
account of the assets also made no reference to an account on the basis of
wilful default. These omissions are all the more glaring in view of the
provisions of O 18 r 15(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1990 Rev Ed)
to the effect that a statement of claim must state specifically the relief or
remedy which the plaintiff claims.

57 Further, it was wrong for Jane Ong to claim that her pleadings should have
determined the scope of the inquiry. Her pleadings shaped the substantive
hearing but the inquiry was an ancillary proceeding conducted pursuant to the
orders made on conclusion of the substantive hearing. As Choo J stated, the
court in an inquiry is charged with the duty of inquiring into the evidence
with the objective of addressing the specific terms of reference under which
the inquiry is held. The terms of the inquiry here were therefore as set out
in Chao J’s judgment and reproduced by us in [7] above. On a plain reading of
Chao J’s directions, all that he ordered was a common inquiry and not one on
the basis of wilful default. Indeed, Chao J could not have ordered an account
on the basis of wilful default, as the specific allegations of breach of trust
were never fully argued before him. Jane Ong herself conceded that the judge
did not make any specific finding of breach of trust. The judgment did not
indicate that the issues of breach of trust or other wrongdoing were to be
decided during the inquiry. If, as Jane Ong claimed, Chao J had obviously
intended for issues of breach of trust to be “impliedly reserved” to the
inquiry, there was no reason for him to omit such a crucial reference in his
judgment or his subsequent Order of Court dated 29 October 1996.

58 Counsel contended that it would be impractical and expensive for the issue
of breaches of trust to be dealt with in separate proceedings as suggested
below. He argued that the matter was already in issue by virtue of Jane Ong’s
pleadings at the trial and that this court ought to reassess the evidence and
then order an account on the basis of wilful default.

59 It is of course open to us to order that an account be taken now on the
basis of wilful default. If wilful default is charged and proved, accounts and
inquiries on that footing may be directed at any stage of the proceedings:
_Job v Job_ (1877) 6 Ch D 562; _Mayer v Murray_ (1878) 8 Ch D 424. In the case
of _In re Symons_ [1882] 21 Ch D 757 (“the _Symons_ case”), which also
concerned the administration of an estate, the plaintiff beneficiary had
alleged in his statement of claim that the defendant executors were guilty of
breaches of trust, but had only claimed for common accounts and inquiries. He
accordingly received judgment for administration with a direction for ordinary
accounts and inquiries to be taken. Subsequently he applied to court for
further accounts to be taken and inquiries to be made on the footing of wilful
default.

60 Fry J allowed the application. Although the statement of claim was not in
terms for relief on the footing of wilful default, he took the view that the
allegations of wilful default and breach of trust constituted a sufficient
claim for relief on that footing. As the claim for relief on the basis of
wilful default was never dismissed by the judge, it was open to the plaintiff
to claim the relief he sought from Fry J.

61 On the face of it, the _Symons_ case has obvious similarities with the
present case. What Fry J failed to emphasise, however, was that before an
inquiry on the basis of wilful default can be ordered, the plaintiff must
allege and prove at least one act of wilful neglect or default: _Sleight v
Lawson_ (1857) 3 K & J 292; 69 ER 1119. In addition, in the _Symons_ case, the
party entitled to an account applied to add to the existing judgment a
direction to take accounts on the footing of wilful default, and such a
direction was granted. In the present case, Jane Ong has never made any
application for an account to be taken on the footing of wilful default.
Further, while Fry J may have found sufficient evidence of wilful default in
the _Symons_ case, this was not a finding made in these proceedings by the
primary fact finder, Chao J, after hearing the evidence at first instance. It
would have been difficult for him to make such a finding in any case since
specific issues of breach of trust were never fully argued at any stage of the
proceedings, even though Jane Ong levelled numerous allegations against Mdm
Lim’s administration of the deceased’s estate. In the absence of proper legal
arguments, and without the benefit of having seen or heard the witnesses, it
would be unsafe for us to make a finding that wilful default had been proved
on the facts. The fact finder at the inquiry, AR Phang, declined to make a
finding of wilful default and rightly so. As Choo J explained at [14] in the
court below ([1] _supra_):

[An] allegation of breach of trust is a serious allegation that normally
requires the claimant to initiate a writ action in which the particulars of
trust and the breaches of it are properly set out so that the defendant might
answer the allegations. The inquiry in question was already a difficult one
given the matters raised, the number of assets to be covered and all the
myriad details that were being disputed. It would be to his folly had the AR
embarked on a trial as to whether there were indeed such breaches of trust – a
trial that would have, by necessity, to be conducted without proper pleadings.

62 In any case, what Jane Ong wants is not a fresh inquiry conducted on the
basis of wilful default. Instead she would like this court to re-evaluate the
evidence that has already been presented and look at it as if the inquiry had
been conducted on the basis of wilful default. There is, however, absolutely
no authority to support such a radical approach. In all the cases cited, the
orders were simply to remit the case for further accounts and inquiries to be
taken on the basis of wilful default. None of the judges attempted to
circumvent a fresh inquiry by re-evaluating the existing evidence on a new
basis. They could not do so because the nature of a common inquiry is
completely different from that of an inquiry on the basis of wilful default.
The issues involved in the latter are much more complex and the conduct of
such an inquiry would take on an entirely different complexion.

63 It was submitted on Jane Ong’s behalf that the alternative course, that of
instituting a fresh action dealing specifically with the claims of breach of
trust, was not desirable as it would lead to a waste of costs. We do not
agree. It would depend on how the action is to be conducted. If it is focused
exclusively on the alleged breaches of trust rather than on the entire
spectrum of assets, costs could be saved and the court could make considered
findings on the claims with the aid of proper pleadings and full evidence and
argument. It is also worth noting that any investigation into alleged breaches
of trust may involve not only the conduct of Mdm Lim but also that of S T Ong
since he was a co-administrator of the estate and the beneficiaries may want
to establish that they have a right of recovery against him as well as against
Mdm Lim. Such investigation could not take place within the framework of the
present action.

**_No opportunity to put forward her best case_**

64 Jane Ong made a number of arguments under this head. First, she claimed
that the documents she seized from Mdm Lim pursuant to the execution of the
two Anton Piller orders were unfairly excluded by AR Phang. She had sought to
adduce these documents, totalling more than 70,000 pages, during the inquiry,
even though they were neither filed nor served, but simply arranged in bundles
and stacked outside AR Phang’s chambers. Six CDs containing soft copies of the
documents were also tendered.

65 Counsel for S P Ong and K T Ong objected to the “mass” of Anton Piller
documents on the afternoon of 24 October 2002, complaining that copies had not
been given to the other parties. AR Phang therefore ordered Jane Ong and S T
Ong to compile all the documents they wished to rely on into a single bundle
to be made available by the start of hearing the next day. This was, according
to Jane Ong, unfair for two reasons. First, in her view, AR Phang’s directions
directly contravened the terms of Chao J’s order of court on 29 October 1996,
which read:

The estate’s books, vouchers, records and other documents shall be evidence of
the matters contained therein with liberty to the parties to take such
objections as they think fit.

66 We see no merit in that contention. In so far as Jane Ong suggested that
Chao J intended for all the estate’s books, vouchers and other documents to be
“automatically admitted” as evidence in complete disregard of proper rules of
civil procedure, this argument was entirely misconceived. Chao J was simply
stating that these documents would be evidence “of the matters contained
therein”; his order certainly did not sanction the wholesale admission of any
and all documents that Jane Ong wished to tender at any time, without proper
compliance with the rules of procedure.

67 Jane Ong also pointed out that she had been acting in person until the
evening of 21 October 2002. The time frame specified by AR Phang was therefore
unrealistic for her and her counsel, who was instructed only three days before
the direction. However, she failed to explain why no effort was made to
organise the documents before the inquiry, even though they were seized as
early as 23 December 1999. Her submissions gave the impression that she had
less than a day to sort through the documents, when in fact she had almost
three years. In our view, she is not justified in criticising AR Phang’s
direction.

68 Moreover, an examination of AR Phang’s conduct of the inquiry reveals that
he had accommodated Jane Ong repeatedly. Before the commencement of the
inquiry, she had already filed more than 90 bundles of documents totalling
over 21,000 pages, and AR Phang had ruled that no more documents would be
admitted without the consent of all parties. Notwithstanding this, he allowed
Jane Ong to file the bundles of Anton Piller documents, including one bundle
that was submitted on 31 October 2002, almost a week after the deadline.
Having had ample opportunity to put forward all the relevant evidence she
wished to rely on, any failure to put forward her best case could only be
attributed to her own default.

69 The second complaint under this head was that Jane Ong and S T Ong were not
given sufficient time to cross-examine or put all relevant documents and
contentions to Mdm Lim. Examination of the record, however, shows that counsel
for both these parties cross-examined Mdm Lim extensively over a total of more
than four days. More time was taken with her than with any of the other ten
witnesses who gave evidence. AR Phang’s view was that much of the time taken
for cross-examination of Mdm Lim was wasted as counsel had not been prepared
to conduct the cross-examination purposefully. Further, the notes of evidence
indicate that counsel for Jane Ong had voluntarily concluded his cross-
examination of Mdm Lim on 24 October 2002 when he informed the court that he
had “no further ‘put’ questions”. Even then, on 28 November 2002, AR Phang
allowed further cross-examination of Mdm Lim albeit in respect of a limited
area.

70 The third and final complaint made was that AR Phang had misapplied the
rule in _Browne v Dunn_ ([49] _supra_) by requiring her to put each and every
point to Mdm Lim. This complaint was made to Choo J as well. He gave it short
shrift, stating at [8] ([1] _supra_):

How AR Phang actually applied the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ was clearly
explained in [83] and [84] of his judgment. I need not set out and comment on
these passages because (lengthy as they are) they are clear. I would only
quote one sentence which is relevant to a specific complaint by Mr Andre Arul
that the plaintiff was being asked, effectively, to put each and every point
to the witnesses in cross-examination. At [84], this was what [AR Phang] held:

[W]hile the rule [in _Browne v Dunn_] does not mean that every point should be
put to a witness, if the point sought to be made goes to the heart of the
matter, it should be put to the witness.

We entirely agree with Choo J’s observation and have nothing further to add on
this point.

**_Assets of the estate_**

71 Turning to Jane Ong’s arguments against AR Phang’s substantive findings,
she claimed that he erred in excluding the following assets from the
deceased’s estate:

(a) Assets in Singapore:

(i) The seven Class A assets;

(ii) The five Class B assets.

(b) Assets in Hong Kong:

(i) Funds in the Sin Hua Trust Bank accounts;

(ii) Assets held by Grand Trading Company.

(c) Assets in Europe: A deposit of US$3m with Bank Mees & Hope NV.

Given that Jane Ong is essentially challenging findings of fact made by AR
Phang, as an appellate court we must be slow to interfere with any such
finding unless it is plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence: _Peh
Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 2 SLR 305.

72 As regards the Class A assets, Jane Ong claimed that there was
circumstantial evidence indicating that these seven properties, bought in Mdm
Lim’s name prior to the deceased’s death, in fact belonged to the deceased. In
particular, she pointed out that, firstly, Mdm Lim had adduced no evidence to
show her source of funds for purchasing the properties, and secondly, expenses
related to these properties had been paid with estate moneys.

73 All of the factors relied on by Jane Ong had been considered by AR Phang,
who found that they did not adequately prove her assertions that the
properties were beneficially owned by the deceased. As he had noted, the
properties had been purchased more than 20 years before the hearing. Mdm Lim’s
inability to produce any documentary evidence of her source of funds was
therefore perfectly understandable. While the payment of the properties’
expenses with estate funds was admittedly a relevant consideration, AR Phang
had correctly balanced this fact against the rest of the evidence, which
strongly suggested that the properties were beneficially owned by Mdm Lim. In
the tax computations for the years of assessment 1967 to 1974, six of the
seven Class A assets were consistently stated as belonging to Mdm Lim. The
Commissioner of Estate Duties had also accepted that the properties did not
belong to the deceased.

74 Most significantly, the deceased himself never asserted any interest in the
properties during his lifetime, even though they were purchased at least three
years before his death. Although Jane Ong suggested that rich businessmen
frequently use their family members as nominees to hold properties and assets
for one reason or another, to say that this was what occurred in this case
would be pure conjecture. The fact that AR Phang had found that the house in
Mdm Lim’s name at Jalan Batu Tulis No 2, Jakarta, was beneficially owned by
the deceased did not mean that all the properties that Mdm Lim held should
automatically be considered part of the estate. Each property had to be
individually considered, and the evidence and surrounding circumstances
analysed, before the question of beneficial ownership could be answered. The
use of blanket assertions and unsubstantiated allegations was no substitute
for solid evidence.

75 Relying on a chart prepared by her accountants, PriceWaterhouseCoopers
(“PWC”), Jane Ong also attempted to “trace” the funds used to purchase the
Class A assets to estate moneys in the Sin Hua Trust Bank accounts. Choo J
had, however, ordered on 26 August 2004 that all the PWC charts attached to
her case be expunged from the record of appeal. This order was made because
the PWC charts had not been produced before AR Phang during the inquiry and
thereafter no application had been made to introduce new evidence. Choo J held
that they could not be included for the purpose of the appeal before him.
Despite that order, the same charts were annexed to the case filed for Jane
Ong before this court. That was an incorrect course to take. The charts did
not form part of the Record of Appeal and had no evidentiary value. Bearing in
mind the circumstances, counsel should have known better than to make any
reference to them. In any case, AR Phang had carefully considered all the
alleged connections between the fund transfers before dismissing them. Jane
Ong has not provided us with any basis on which to fault his conclusion.

76 As regards the Class B assets (itemised in sub-para (b) of [13] above),
there is no evidence that establishes that funds from the estate were used to
purchase these properties. Jane Ong’s own accountants, PWC, declined to
include the first three properties as part of the estate’s assets due to lack
of evidence. In respect of the fourth and fifth properties, PWC simply stated
their belief that the purchase moneys “most likely” originated from the
estate, whilst conceding that they could not establish the alleged movement of
funds.

77 The next issue concerns the intermingling of trust moneys with personal
moneys in relation to the Sin Hua Trust Bank accounts. When a trustee mixes
trust funds with his own funds, the whole is subject to the trust, except so
far as the trustee is able to distinguish what is his own: _Caltong_ ([35],
_supra_), following _Frith v Cartland_ (1865) 2 H & M 417; 71 ER 525 and _In
re Tilley’s Will Trusts_ [1967] 1 Ch 1179. While Mdm Lim did admit that she
had intermingled trust moneys with her own personal funds in Sin Hua Trust
Bank, it must be emphasised that each bank account is a separate and distinct
asset. The fact that estate moneys may have been credited into one account
does not necessarily mean that all the accounts were necessarily tainted with
trust funds.

78 Mdm Lim had three accounts with Sin Hua Trust Bank: a current account no
14064, a deposit account no 031-349-020456-8 and a foreign deposit account no
031-349-5756545. Her admission on intermingling was made only in respect of
her current account no 14064. There is therefore no basis for applying the
principle of mixing to the other two accounts. In any case, AR Phang found
that the deposit account no 031-349-020456-8 did not contain estate funds, and
Jane Ong has not been able to point to any evidence that would persuade us to
overturn his finding. As for the foreign deposit account no 031-349-5756545,
Mdm Lim asserted that all the money in that account had been transferred from
her own Hong Kong dollar funds as the exchange rate between the Hong Kong
dollar and the New Zealand dollar had been very favourable. She had also,
however, asserted that a sum of NZ$447,000 paid from this account to S T Ong
was a distribution to him from the estate. AR Phang therefore found that she
had implicitly admitted that that sum belonged to the estate. The question is
whether AR Phang was correct in holding that only this sum of NZ$447,000 (plus
interest) belonged to the estate, or whether all the funds in the account
ought to have been credited to the estate.

79 Following the principle enunciated in _Caltong_ , it would appear at first
glance that the entire account should have been included as part of the
deceased’s estate. Choo J was also initially inclined to the view that all the
money in the account belonged to the estate. Nevertheless, recognising that AR
Phang had considered all the objections and problems relating to the tracing
and tracking of the estate’s moneys, he ultimately chose to uphold AR Phang’s
finding. He explained at [18] of his judgment ([1] _supra_):

[G]iven the many factors that have to be taken into account (not all of which
could possibly be set out because that would have involved the connection of
all the factors and how they weighed in the fact-finder’s mind in the context
of his evaluation of the oral testimonies before him), I would not disturb the
AR’s finding that part of the money (NZ$447,000) belonged to the Estate and
the balance to [Mdm Lim].

We are in no better position than Choo J to interfere with a finding that AR
Phang made after weighing all the relevant considerations. AR Phang was
clearly aware of the principle in _Caltong_ and he was also aware of the areas
of difficulty in Mdm Lim’s testimony. As his judgment demonstrates, AR Phang
considered the evidence before him meticulously. He must have had good reason
to hold that the _Caltong_ principle should not be applied to the foreign
deposit account. In any case, his conclusion that the remaining money in the
account originated from Mdm Lim’s personal funds can be supported. Mdm Lim was
a woman of substantial means and keen business sense who frequently moved her
funds between various banks to take advantage of favourable interest rates. In
all likelihood, she put her own money into the foreign deposit account as well
in order to maximise returns. Considering the totality of the evidence, and
bearing in mind the advantages AR Phang as primary fact finder had in
assessing the evidence, we are not inclined to set aside his finding on this
issue.

80 Turning to the assets held by Grand Trading Company, AR Phang held that
they should not be included as part of the estate as there was no evidence to
suggest that the estate had ever realised these assets. It was argued for Jane
Ong that this was a grave error as his role was “to value the Estate according
to its true worth, not according to what has been recovered”. That submission
could only stand if it had been AR Phang’s duty to conduct the inquiry on the
basis of wilful default. Since the inquiry was conducted on the basis of a
common account, Mdm Lim only needed to account for what was actually received
and not for what she could have received had there been no default on her
part. Quite apart from it not having been proved that it was a default on Mdm
Lim’s part not to have realised assets from Grand Trading Company, AR Phang
was correct in only counting the assets received.

81 The next “asset” that was omitted from the account was the alleged deposit
of US$3m with Bank Mees & Hope NV. The administrators of the estate had
written to the bank laying claim to “a surplus of about US$3m from various
credits” with the bank. The bank’s reply to this letter, however, simply
acknowledged a deposit of US$1.5m, a current account with a credit balance of
US$76,772.40 and an account with a debit balance of £7,970.17. The submission
made was that Mdm Lim had fraudulently concealed the US$3m. This submission
was misconceived as it was the bank and not Mdm Lim who denied the existence
of the alleged deposit. The bank had made no mention of any such deposit in
its reply to the administrators’ letter and there is no evidence that it ever
paid the estate any more than the sums mentioned in its letter. Since there is
no evidence of any fraud on the part of the bank, there can be no quarrel with
AR Phang’s conclusion that no such deposit existed.

82 We turn next to the submissions made in respect of 39 Sheldon Avenue. Jane
Ong attacked AR Phang’s conclusion that this property was a property purchased
by Mdm Lim with her own personal funds. She contended that all parties were in
agreement that the property was purchased using estate funds and was given to
S T Ong as part of his beneficial interest in the estate. The property was
always intended to be Jane Ong’s and S T Ong’s matrimonial home. It was
submitted that by making a finding which was so clearly against something all
the parties had agreed on, AR Phang had misconducted himself. Whilst the
property had been purchased in Mdm Lim’s name, this had only been done because
the solicitors who acted in the conveyance of 39 Sheldon Avenue had suggested
that a trust be set up to hold the property so as to protect it from S T Ong’s
then creditors as he was then being hounded to pay his debts. Mdm Lim had
acted on this intention by instructing solicitors to prepare a trust deed
that, _inter alia_ , gave the property to S T Ong and his children and K T
Ong. Whilst the deed was not signed as Mdm Lim later changed her mind, Jane
Ong submitted that, nevertheless, its preparation showed Mdm Lim’s intention
that the property was not to be hers.

83 It should be noted that Jane Ong’s position in this appeal in relation to
39 Sheldon Avenue is inconsistent with her position in Civil Appeal Nos 59 and
60 of 2004 where she maintained that AR Phang’s decision on the amount
distributed from the estate to S T Ong was correct and should not be
disturbed. A finding by this court that 39 Sheldon Avenue was intended to
belong to S T Ong would mean that we would also have to increase the amount
distributed to S T Ong by the purchase price of the property, some £837,500.

84 Further, although Jane Ong asserted that the parties had agreed that the
purchase of this property was part of a distribution to S T Ong, the pleadings
and notes of evidence show that in fact there was never any agreement on this
issue. Mdm Lim had first suggested that part of the purchase money was a
distribution to S T Ong, but she retracted this suggestion later when she
argued that all of the purchase money came from her personal funds. She also
said that she liked the house a lot and wished to stay in it herself. It was
only if she died that the property would be given to S T Ong, his three
children and K T Ong. We note here that her intention that K T Ong and the
three grandchildren should have shares in the property was not consistent with
the assertion that its purchase was part of a distribution to S T Ong. S T Ong
himself was ambivalent about the status of the property. When asked whether
the purchase money was a distribution from the estate to him, he replied “I
don’t think so”. In the circumstances, it was open to AR Phang to find that 39
Sheldon Avenue was not a distribution from the estate. In view of the facts
that the property was bought in Mdm Lim’s name, the trust deed was never
executed (and even if it had been, it would not have been helpful to Jane
Ong’s case since it did not purport to create a trust over 39 Sheldon Avenue),
no evidence was given by the English solicitors to support the assertion that
the original intention had been for it to be beneficially owned by S T Ong and
S T Ong himself took no position as to whether it was a distribution to
himself, being content to leave it to the court to determine what the position
was, it cannot be said that AR Phang’s holding on this issue was plainly
wrong.

85 Jane Ong also relied on the case of _Shalson v Russo_ [2003] EWHC 1637 (“
_Shalson_ ”) to argue that, since Mdm Lim had used money from a mixed fund to
pay for the property, S T Ong as a beneficiary could “pick and choose” which
particular sums were expended from estate moneys and which from Mdm Lim’s own
funds. In _Shalson_ , Rimer J had commented at [144] that:

This method is a “cherry picking” exercise, as Mr Smith (counsel) recognised.
But in a case where the only contest is between the claimant seeking to trace
… and the wrongdoer …, there is, he says, every reason why the latter’s
interests should be subordinated to the claimant’s. Normally, it is presumed
that if a trustee uses money from a fund in which he has mixed trust money
with his own, he uses his own money first (_In re Hallett’s Estate_ (1880) 13
Ch D 696). But Mr Smith submits that this is not an inflexible rule and that
if the trustee can be shown to have made an early application of the mixed
fund into an investment, the beneficiary is entitled to claim that for
himself. He says, and I agree, that this is supported by _In re Oatway,
Hertslet v Oatway_ [1903] 2 Ch 356. The justice of this is that, if the
beneficiary is not entitled to do this, the wrongdoing trustee may be left
with all the cherries and the victim with nothing.

86 In our view, the principle in _In re Oatway_ [1903] 2 Ch 356 and _Shalson_
does not assist Jane Ong. It is premised on the fundamental tenet that a
trustee should not profit from his own wrongdoing and therefore is not
applicable to the present circumstances. As we have said, the inquiry was
limited to a pure fact-finding exercise, and issues of breach of trust were
expressly excluded. If we were to apply the principle to the purchase of 39
Sheldon Avenue, we would be presupposing that Mdm Lim was guilty of breach of
trust, a finding that AR Phang and Choo J explicitly refused to make and, as
we have said, rightly so.

87 Jane Ong also put forward lengthy submissions to support her submission
that AR Phang had wrongly undervalued certain properties in Hong Kong, a
deposit of US$1.5m at Bank Mees & Hope NV and the contents of certain other
European bank accounts. We do not find it necessary to deal with these
submissions as they were premised on the wrong basis. We have held (in
agreement with Choo J) that the inquiry ordered by Chao J was a common account
and not one based on wilful default. The consequence of this holding is, we
reiterate, that Mdm Lim was only liable to account for what the estate
actually received and not what it should have received had it not been for her
default. Consequently, she did not have to deal with the issue of whether the
properties were sold at an undervalue or whether she should have received more
from the various banks named. Whilst AR Phang did make findings on those
issues after dealing with the evidence at length, for the purposes of the
appeal they are irrelevant and we will not discuss them further.

**Conclusion**

88 For the reasons given above, we find no merit in any of the grounds of
appeal raised by Jane Ong and, accordingly, we dismiss this appeal. As to
costs, these must follow the event except that Jane Ong shall not bear the
costs incurred in preparing the bundle of authorities filed on behalf of S P
Ong and K T Ong. This bundle contained 55 authorities but only five were
referred to in the case filed for these parties. Most of the other authorities
had been relied on below but were not relied on before us. We do not think it
would be right to make Jane Ong bear the costs of compiling a bundle of
authorities that was largely irrelevant for the purposes of the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

