Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lim Thian Lai  
[2005] SGHC 122

Case Number | : | CC 7/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Imran Abdul Hamid and Adam Nakhoda (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Lim Tse Haw (Harry Elias Partnership) and Andy Yeo (Allen and Gledhill) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lim Thian Lai   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Arms Offences Act – Using or attempting to
use an arm – Whether accused guilty of shooting and killing deceased – Section
4(1) Arms Offences Act (Cap 14, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – No caution
administered to accused prior to recording of statement – Whether statement
admissible – Sections 121, 122(5) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Voluntariness – Whether
accused making statements under threat, inducement or promise – Section 122(5)
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Confessions – Accused retracting confessions –
Whether confessions true and reliable – Whether corroboration required  
  

13 July 2005

V K Rajah J:

1 On 12 March 1997 at about 9.00pm, a loud bang was heard in the vicinity of
Ban Seng Eating House (“Ban Seng”) at Block 4, Beach Road. At about 9.11pm,
the police were notified that a man had been found lying in a pool of blood at
the car park located at Block 4, Beach Road. A police team was immediately
dispatched to the scene. No signs of life were detected in the body when it
was examined by an ambulance officer at 9.25pm. The police later established
the identity of the dead man as Tan Tiong Huat (“the deceased”), a rather
notorious illegal moneylender who practised his trade in the Golden Mile area
primarily amongst Thai nationals and those having business dealings with them.

2 An autopsy performed on the following day by Associate Professor Gilbert Lau
(“AP Lau”) revealed that the cause of death was a disruptive intracranial
injury with consequential severe haemorrhaging. AP Lau was of the view that
the injury was caused by a low calibre gunshot fired from a slightly elevated
position. This opinion was predicated on the slightly descending trajectory of
the bullet, which passed right through the deceased’s skull. Neither the
bullet nor the revolver employed in the incident has been recovered.

3 Soon after the incident, the police received information that the accused
was involved in the incident. All efforts to track down the accused proved to
be unsuccessful. Investigations revealed that the accused had left Singapore
for Thailand on 31 March 1997. The police nevertheless proceeded to finalise
their investigations.

4 One witness had particularly relevant information. At the request of the
prosecution, I have directed that the name of this witness be concealed. I
shall refer to him only as “PW21”. PW21 had met the accused at the car park
next to the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority Building (“ICA Building”) on
either 9 or 10 March 1997. During this meeting, the accused disclosed to PW21
his intention to kill the deceased within the next seven to ten days. The
accused expressed his anger and deep distress over the deceased’s conduct
towards him; he felt the deceased had treated him as “a nobody”. The accused
had earlier borrowed a few thousand dollars from the deceased. Their
relationship had soured badly as a consequence of the deceased’s allegedly
unreasonable and persistent harassment in seeking repayment of this loan. PW21
also stated that the accused showed him what appeared to be the butt of a gun
tucked at the right side of the accused’s waist. According to PW21, the
accused had called him about a week after the incident claiming that the
police already knew that he was the one who killed the deceased.

5 Shortly after the accused met PW21, he had a separate conversation on the
very afternoon of the fateful 12 March 1997 with a certain Tham Boon Hua
(“Tham”) at Ban Seng. Tham was a casual acquaintance of the accused and
conversed with the accused from time to time when they ate meals at Ban Seng.
Again the accused bitterly complained about his displeasure over the
deceased’s conduct towards him after the accused had obtained loans from him.
The accused asserted he could “not tolerate … anymore” the harassment of the
deceased. He stated in a matter-of-fact manner that he intended to “rob” the
deceased. As the accused did not appear to Tham to be his “usual self”, Tham
advised him not to do anything foolish. The accused also lifted his shirt when
he said he had “something” to rob the deceased with. Tham, however, did not
observe what was under the shirt.

6 The accused is the last known person to have met the deceased. He
acknowledges that he arranged to meet the deceased on 12 March 1997 at a
coffee shop in Block 4, Beach Road. He had arrived at the coffee shop between
about 8.00pm and 8.30pm that night. The accused states that he arranged for
the meeting to effect repayment of the loans he had taken from the deceased in
order to open a garment shop at City Plaza.

7 The accused waited for the deceased for a while near the entrance to the car
park at Block 4, Beach Road, The deceased arrived at the car park at about
9.00pm.

8 The accused admits that he had in his possession a 0.38 calibre revolver,
smuggled in from Thailand, until about two to three days before the incident.
He claims however that the revolver was lost shortly before the incident. He
asserts that while he was with the deceased, a mystery gunman suddenly
emerged. He maintains that this mystery gunman shot the deceased and promptly
fled the scene. While he denies having killed the deceased, he claims to have
left Singapore nevertheless to avoid trouble; he had received news that the
police were looking for him in connection with the killing.

9 The accused maintains that all inculpatory statements he had earlier made to
the police acknowledging his solitary role in the killing of the deceased were
involuntarily given. He claims that though he was present when the deceased
was shot, he was not responsible for killing the deceased, who was his “best
friend” and “financial supporter”.

**The police statements**

10 Upon leaving Singapore in 1997, the accused proceeded to Thailand. Soon
after arriving in Thailand, he ran afoul of Thai law and was incarcerated
until 30 September 2004, when the Thai authorities handed him over to a police
team from the Singapore Criminal Investigations Department (“CID”).

11 The accused was accompanied from Bangkok by a team of four CID officers
headed by Senior Station Inspector Zainal Abidin (“SSI Zainal”). They arrived
at Changi International Airport at 5.00pm and thereafter proceeded to the
Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”). They arrived at the PCC at 5.50pm. SSI
Zainal thereafter directed Station Inspector Roy Lim (“SI Roy”) and Station
Inspector Han Khoe Juan (“SI Han”), who were both part of the investigating
team, to interview the accused. The fourth member of the team, Senior Station
Inspector Shen Yen Ek (“SSI Shen”) was not present during the interview. In
the course of the interview, the accused informed SI Roy and SI Han that he
was prepared to make a statement. At about 7.25pm, SI Han left the interview
room and SI Roy alone recorded the accused’s statement. It is undisputed that
no caution pursuant to the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) was administered to the accused prior to the recording of
this statement.

12 SI Roy reduced the accused’s statement into writing, after which he read
the statement back to the accused. The statement was both recorded and read
back to the accused in English. That the accused has an adequate command of
English was amply illustrated by his verbal exchanges with others, as well as
comments he delivered from time to time in court in English during his
testimony. All the accused’s subsequent statements were however made in
Hokkien through interpreters. Nothing critical turns on his linguistic
abilities, as the defence has not complained of any impediments or confusion
created by linguistic difficulties. For good measure, however, I find as a
fact that he has the ability to effectively communicate his thoughts, and
understood all communications he had with the CID officers, in English.

13 SI Roy and SI Han have asserted that no threat, inducement or promise was
made to the accused by them or anyone else before the initial statement was
recorded. According to SI Roy, the recording of the statement concluded at
about 8.25pm. The accused signed the statement, affirming that it was “true
and correct”. He has however sought to retract it. As this particular
statement takes centre stage in the prosecution’s case and is now refuted by
the accused, it would be helpful to reproduce the statement in full (“the
original statement”):

I am the one who do it. I am the one who shot him with a 0.38 revolver.

Before 1997, as I always go to Golden Mile Complex at Beach Road and I go to
know him. We became friends. I later also found out that he was “Ah Long”
(term used for illegal money lenders). At that time, I was having money
problem and I borrowed S$8000/- to open a shop to sell clothing at City Plaza,
#03-07. I had to pay him back S$9600/- including interest. As we were friends,
I only paid him in instalments when I have the money.

I think I remember about 1 or 2 weeks after I borrowed the money from him, I
returned him about a thousand dollars. I do not remember was it the 2nd or 3rd
instalment that I could not return him money because I got no money. Due to
this, he called my shop everyday to ask for money. There was once, my wife
happen to answer the phone and he shouting and scolded my wife because I did
not give him money.

_I saw my wife crying and asked her what happened. My wife told me about ‘Ah
Seng’s’ call and after hearing that ‘Ah Seng’ scolded my wife in bad word, I
got angry._ A few days later, I contacted ‘Ah Seng’ and asked him to wait me
at Blk 4 Beach Road. I will give him money. I cannot remember what day was
that. I think I told him to meet me at 8.30pm.

I cannot remember when I bought the revolver, but I bought it from Thailand
for 15000 baht. I put the revolver in raw sticky rice bag and brought it
through the checkpoint in Singapore by bus. I also don’t know what I bought
the gun.

_So after hearing that he used ‘four languages’ on my wife, I decided to use
the gun on him. I reached Blk 4 Beach Road earlier than 8.30pm and I placed
the gun on the grass near a tree to hide it_. This was just opposite the
[K]allang [R]iver. The gun was wrapped in newspaper.

Ah Seng only came at about 9pm. _The moment he arrived, we quarrelled and he
scolded my parents_. I then gave him S$2300/- but he still not satisfied and
scolded my parents. _I get angry because he scolded my parents._ I then tell
him to wait for me there and I will go get more money in 5 minutes time.

_I walked to where I hide the gun and took it. It was very near Ah Seng. I
just took the gun in my right hand and walked towards Ah Seng. His back was
facing me. I did not care so much whether people see or not because I am angry
already. When I was right behind him, I pointed the gun at the back of his
head and fired one shot. Immediately, he fell forward on the cement pavement
and I saw that he was not moving_. It was very dark there. I then tucked the
gun in between my pants and stomach and walked to my bicycle which was parked
at the same place. I cycled just to the main road and from there, I abandoned
my bicycle and took a taxi to [W]aterloo [S]treet. I did not even look back to
see whether any people heard or saw anything.

At [W]aterloo [S]treet, I took the Malaysian taxi and went straight to Johore
[B]ahru. As the checkpoint does not check passengers in the taxi, I went
through woodlands checkpoint without any problem with the gun on me. At Johore
Bahru, near Wong Ah Fook [S]treet, I threw the gun in a small river near a
small carpark. The water in the river was full.

At about 1am or so, I came back to Singapore and returned home to my wife at
Geylang. I then went to the toilet and flush all the bullets into the drainage
pipe in the bathroom.

I still stayed in Singapore for sometime until I heard rumors (sic) that the
Police was looking for me regarding Ah Seng’s death. Immediately, [I] decided
to leave the country and I took a bus to Thailand. I have been in Thailand
since then until I was sent back to Singapore today.

_I feel regret for him for what I’ve done to him. After my confessing and now
the truth is out, I feel more comfortable. It’s not stuck inside me anymore_.

[emphasis added]

14 Three points ought to be emphasised in relation to the original statement.
First of all, the entire interview process lasted only about two and a half
hours from the time the accused arrived at the PCC. Secondly, it is undisputed
that the accused was not shown any photographs, site plan, autopsy report or
other materials prepared in relation to the incident prior to the recording of
the original statement. Thirdly, the original statement was made in relation
to an incident which took place some six years earlier. The level of detail in
relation to the incident itself is striking for its unaffected prose and
familiarity with pertinent facts.

15 The next day, the accused was officially charged with the murder of the
deceased pursuant to s 302 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). He
declined to make any statement after the statutory caution was read out to
him. Instead, he informed Assistant Superintendent Christopher Jacob (“ASP
Jacob”) and the police interpreter that he would “explain it in court only”
and inscribed the following cryptic message in Mandarin on the written
caution: “ _shui luo shi chu_ ”. This literally means “when the water
subsides, the rock will emerge”. I shall refer to this document as “the
cautioned statement”. The police interpreter stated in evidence that the words
were intended to convey that “there will come a day when the facts will be
revealed” but could also be interpreted to mean “the truth will come to light
later”.

16 Subsequently, the accused made several further statements in Hokkien,
translated to SSI Zainal with the aid of another police interpreter, both
clarifying and expanding on matters raised in the original statement
(“subsequent statements”). He accompanied police officers on site visits to
the scene of the incident, as well as on a side trip to Johore Bahru to
indicate the spot where he “threw” away the revolver. The last of these
subsequent statements was recorded on 13 October 2004. In that statement, the
accused concluded by expressing remorse. He said:

I regret killing him. It was never my intention to kill him _. I had only
wanted to teach him a lesson_. That is all. [emphasis added]

17 Shortly after this, from 22 October 2004 to 12 November 2004, the accused
was remanded at the Changi Prison Complex Medical Centre for a psychiatric
evaluation. Dr Stephen Phang (“Dr Phang”), Deputy Chief of the Department of
Forensic Psychiatry, interviewed the accused in English on three occasions
while he was there. Dr Phang noted that the accused experienced no difficulty
in recounting what transpired seven years ago in 1997. At this point, however,
the accused denied “gunning down this man” (the accused’s own words are set
within quotation marks in this paragraph). Instead, he claimed that a mystery
gunman had appeared while he was with the deceased. This mystery gunman alone
had shot the deceased. The accused claimed that “I was so astonished, that I
don’t know how to scream out”. He also asserted that he had lost his revolver
two to three days prior to the incident. After the incident, he left for
Thailand only because he heard “rumours” that the police were seeking him in
connection with the case and not because he had done anything improper.

18 The defence has relied on the statements made by the accused to Dr Phang to
demonstrate that he had consistently maintained his innocence after leaving
the PCC. The accused claims that _all_ the statements made by him to the
police (“the police statements”) while he was held at the PCC were
involuntarily made.

**The _voir dire_**

19 At the hearing, the accused alleged that several CID police officers had
made various threats and offered various inducements and promises, both in the
course of his return flight from Bangkok to Singapore as well as during the
interview held on 30 September 2004 on the 18th floor of the PCC. Defence
counsel has maintained that as a result of oppressive conduct on the part of
the CID officers _prior_ to the original statement, all subsequent police
statements were involuntarily made as well, and ought to be deemed
inadmissible.

**_Alleged oppressive conduct_**

20 The accused asserts that when he was about 15 years old, he had his first
unpleasant encounter with police officers. He claims that having been “falsely
accused” of stealing a motorcycle, he was assaulted while in custody. As a
consequence of this incident and other unpleasant brushes with the law, he
professes an apprehension and mistrust of CID officers. The accused insists
that he was very tired before the interview took place. Anxiety had robbed him
of sleep when he remained incarcerated in Thailand pending the handover to the
CID officers.

21 The accused claims that on the flight from Bangkok to Singapore SI Han had
asked him, “Ang Kong Ngee, what did you do seven years ago, did you kill this
person?” When the accused denied that he had, SI Han had allegedly said, “you
better tell your father (meaning SI Han) the truth” and “if you were to co-
operate with us and tell us what actually went on and how it happened we will
help you back during your court case”. Finally, SI Han is supposed to have
stated that if the accused did not “tell … the truth … don’t complain if we
don’t treat you like a human being”.

22 The accused claims that SI Han spoke very softly out of fear that the other
passengers might hear him. The accused claims SI Roy then came up to him and
unbuttoned three buttons on his shirt, looked at the accused’s tattoos and
said “he is the one”. The accused further maintains that SI Roy’s actions
signalled to him that the officers had ascertained that he was responsible for
the murder and that he would definitely be hanged as a result.

23 Upon arriving at the PCC, he was purportedly brought to an office on the
18th floor. The escorting officers then placed their luggage in their
cabinets, after which the accused was taken to the interview room. In the
room, there were five officers: SSI Zainal, SSI Shen, Station Inspector
Erulandy Guruthevan (“SI Guru”), SI Han and SI Roy. The accused claims that
shortly after this, SI Guru, followed by SSI Shen, left the room. SSI Zainal
then spoke to the accused.

24 According to the accused, SSI Zainal said that he “better tell the truth,
you killed this person”. The accused denied that he had killed the deceased.
SSI Zainal then told him, “if you didn’t kill then who else would have done
it”. The accused asserts he once again denied killing the deceased, saying he
did not know who did it. SSI Zainal allegedly responded by saying he had to
“handover the gunman”. When the accused said he was unable to do so, SSI
Zainal purportedly said, “if you did not know and if you are unable to hand
over the one who fired the gun, then you would have to eat this piece of
shit”, meaning he would have to take responsibility for killing the deceased.
The accused says that he repeatedly denied to the CID officers that he had
shot the deceased.

25 SSI Zainal then allegedly stated that if the accused admitted to the
murder, the charge would be reduced from murder to manslaughter and the
accused would then only have to serve a few years in prison. The accused
asserts that neither SI Roy nor SI Han said anything at this point.

26 According to the accused, SI Roy also reiterated a number of times that
they were on the 18th floor of the PCC. The accused took this to imply that SI
Roy would throw the accused from the 18th floor if he did not admit to the
killing. SI Roy also informed him that the CID officers would not be able to
sleep if they accused someone wrongly. The accused claims that though he
initially maintained his innocence, eventually he decided that it was futile
to continue denying “responsibility”. He therefore accepted SSI Zainal’s deal
and confessed. The accused also asserts that the “threat” by SI Roy to throw
him down from the 18th floor played a part in persuading him to “confess” in
the original statement.

27 The accused also adds that he never mentioned the existence of the mystery
gunman wearing the Thai hat to the CID officers because he mistrusted them and
“knew” that they would not believe him.

28 It is also contended by defence counsel that the statements recorded after
30 September 2004 (including the cautioned statement) were made by the accused
under the inducement of the deal that SSI Zainal had offered. The accused adds
that on 18 October 2004, SSI Zainal scolded him whilst asking him to identify
the gun that he had used. SSI Zainal then allegedly directed him on how he
ought to identify similar looking revolvers from a chart. The accused says
that on 19 October 2004, he took SSI Zainal on a “wild goose chase” to Johore
Bahru, believing that if he told SSI Zainal that he had in fact lost the gun
as opposed to throwing it away in Johore Bahru, then SSI Zainal would have
“beat the living daylights out of me”.

29 It is pertinent to point out that a good number of the accused’s
allegations are founded on suppositions and assumptions that were not inspired
by any threat of harm, direct or indirect, to his well-being or person. Nor
has he complained of any physical abuse while he was at the PCC. Indeed, when
he mentioned to ASP Jacob that he had not had a bath, arrangements for him to
have a bath were promptly made.

**_Applicable principles in relation to “voluntariness”_**

30 When a statement given pursuant to the provisions of the CPC is challenged
on the issue of its voluntariness, the burden is on the prosecution to prove
beyond reasonable doubt that it has indeed been voluntarily obtained: see _Koh
Aik Siew v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 599, _Tan Too Kia v PP_ [1980] 2 MLJ 187. In
_Panya Martmontree v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 341 (“ _Panya Martmontree_ ”) at 349,
[29], Karthigesu JA succinctly summarised the position thus:

What, in our view, is required of a trial judge in a voir dire is to decide
whether the evidence of the accused alleging inducements, threats, promises or
assaults, taken together with the prosecution’s evidence _has raised a
reasonable doubt_ in his mind that the accused was thus influenced into making
the statement … [emphasis added]

and at 350, [32]:

The fourth appellant, it seems to us, goes too far when he submits that the
_slightest suspicion of an inducement_ , threat or promise or of an assault is
sufficient to rule out a statement under s 122(5) of the CPC. [emphasis added]

31 It is axiomatic that the essence of voluntariness is a question of fact;
see _DPP v Ping Lin_ [1976] AC 574 at 600.

32 It is also settled law that the test of voluntariness comprises elements of
both objectivity and subjectivity. An actual threat, inducement or promise
must be found to factually exist. Having established that, the facts must be
carefully scrutinised to determine whether the threat, inducement or promise
operated on the mind of the accused during the material period, inspiring
either the hope of escape (whether partial or full) or fear of punishment in
relation to the actual or prospective charge; see _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_
[1999] 1 SLR 25; _Sharom bin Ahmad v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 565. In the final
analysis, the court will review all the circumstances of the case in
determining whether there were any reasonable grounds for the accused to
assume that he would receive any benefit or avoid any punishment: see _Tan
Boon Tat v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1. If a threat or inducement is indeed found to
have been made, then the prosecution must prove beyond any reasonable doubt
that the original threat or inducement had effectively dissipated when the
statement(s) in question were made: see _Lim Sing Hiaw v PP_ [1965] 1 MLJ 85.
It is not incumbent on the prosecution, however, to prove that there is no
lurking shadow of doubt or minute vestiges of fear in the mind of the accused
before a statement is recorded: _Panya Martmontree_ at 349 and see s 24 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

**_Evaluation of allegations_**

_The incidents on the plane_

33 I have rejected the accused’s allegations of oppressive conduct and
inducement that were levelled against the CID officers. I shall deal with each
of the main allegations now; first, the accused’s version of what transpired
on the plane is inconsistent. Indeed, defence counsel had to concede “my
client is not very clear, it is in the plane” in response to my query as to
when the incident took place. Earlier in the hearing, defence counsel had
unhesitatingly stated that SI Roy’s act of unbuttoning the accused’s shirt
occurred “in flight”. I find it most implausible that SI Roy could have done
this, as such an act would have been easily observed by the flight crew and
even perhaps passengers. It is also most unlikely that any of the CID officers
would have sought to upset the accused during the flight as this might have
culminated in an unnecessary commotion on the plane. In any event, the accused
admitted that he did not feel threatened by this alleged act of unbuttoning.
He had supposedly felt “insulted”. Secondly, his complaint apropos SI Han
underwent some serious modifications in the course of the hearing. He seemed
to suggest that SI Han had also said that “he was the one”. This was not put
to SI Han. During his examination-in-chief, the accused claimed that SI Han
had threatened him in a “soft voice”. This was said perhaps to rationalise why
the others present did not hear the threats. This rather important point was
again not put to SI Roy, SI Han and SSI Shen to elicit their response as to
its veracity and foundation.

_The interview on 30 September 2004 at the PCC_

34 Apart from these brief incidents, the defence contended that the other acts
of intimidation took place primarily before or in the course of the interview
at the PCC on 30 September 2004. The accused had confirmed with Dr Phang that
he was not physically attacked, manhandled or threatened by the CID officers.
He had said that the officers had intimidated him verbally and “they force me
to admit, they, four, five mouths, I one mouth how to fight”.

35 It is plain that SI Guru and SSI Shen had very little meaningful contact
with the accused. Defence counsel, to his credit, did not pursue any unfounded
allegations against them. It also emerged during cross-examination that SSI
Zainal and SI Han did not take the lead in interviewing the accused. The
principal interviewer was SI Roy. The assertion to Dr Phang that he was
“forced to admit” by “four, five mouths” was entirely without foundation or
substance.

36 In the course of cross-examination, SSI Zainal was asked to produce his
field diary. The defence appeared to be attempting to establish an evidential
beachhead to undermine SSI Zainal’s claim that he did not interview the
accused and/or was not present during the interview. In so doing, the defence
was hoist by its own petard. SSI Zainal’s field diary corroborated his version
of events.

37 In the course of cross-examination, the accused acknowledged, albeit
reluctantly, that the alleged threat to throw him off the 18th floor of the
PCC building by SI Roy was pure speculation on his part. This allegation
against SI Roy is without substance, both in law and in fact. First, it is
settled law that a self-perceived threat without a reasonable basis does not
amount to a threat within the rubric of s 122(5) of the CPC: _Lu Lai Heng v
PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 251. Secondly, I am not persuaded that there was any
legitimate basis for this rather fanciful flight of imagination even if the
accused’s version of events was correct. Thirdly, and most importantly, I am
inclined to accept the contrary testimony proffered by SI Han and SI Roy on
this and the other relevant issues. They gave their evidence throughout the
proceedings in a forthright and consistent manner and were unshaken in cross-
examination.

_Interaction with SSI Zainal_

38 The accused repeatedly asserted that he mistrusted all police officers. He
also confirmed that he mistrusted SSI Zainal right at the outset. In light of
this, I cannot see how any purported promise made by SSI Zainal could have
influenced him in any material or meaningful sense. The accused further
admitted during cross-examination that when he supposedly agreed to the
purported deal with SSI Zainal to confess in return for a reduction of the
sentence, he “ _never believed_ ” that SSI Zainal would keep his word.
Finally, he also conceded during cross-examination that even before the
recording of the statement by SI Roy, he “was alert and conscious to the
trickery of SSI Zainal”.

39 It bears mention that on the very next day after the accused had made his
original statement, ASP Jacob charged him with the capital offence of murder.
Despite this, the accused continued to give a number of statements until 13
October 2004. ASP Jacob noted that the accused was composed during their time
together. He did not detect any signs of fear or intimidation on the part of
the accused. No complaints were made by the accused to the reviewing medical
officers during his pre- and post-statement medical examinations on 1 October
2004. The accused concedes that there were no further threats or inducements
made after 30 September 2004. It is also most significant that he made no
mention of any “deal” to any third party – not even to Dr Phang with whom he
appeared to be completely at ease. I have also taken into account the evidence
of Ms Toh Bee Choon (“Ms Toh”), the police interpreter who accompanied the
accused on his field trip to the site of the incident and interpreted all his
subsequent statements. She testified that the accused appeared to be relaxed
and made “small talk” with her on a number of occasions. I have concluded
without any diffidence that there was no “deal” made with SSI Zainal that he
would arrange to have the charge reduced. I have also accepted SSI Zainal’s
evidence as being truthful.

40 I conclude my review of the accused’s allegations of improper conduct
against the police officers with a final observation. The accused can hardly
be described as a babe in the woods who might easily succumb to fear or
intimidation. He is an experienced street operator used to the rough and
tumble of life. As such, I do not think that he would have made the original
statement so soon after he returned to Singapore, virtually at the
commencement of the interview, unless he had voluntarily intended to do so.
This by his own admission was not his first encounter with police officers and
he did not strike me as a man who could or would be easily broken.

**Legal objections to admissibility of accused’s police statement**

41 Aside from the issue of _de facto_ voluntariness, the defence also raised
legal objections in relation to the admissibility of the original statement.
Defence counsel asserted that prior to the recording of the original statement
on 30 September 2004, a “warning” pursuant to s 121(2) of the CPC was not
administered to the accused. Additionally, it was alleged that while ASP Jacob
administered a caution pursuant to s 122(6) of the CPC to the accused when he
was charged on 1 October 2004, SSI Zainal failed to administer any warning or
caution to the accused when all subsequent statements were recorded. It was
also argued that SI Roy failed to record in writing in the original statement
that there was “no threat, inducement or promise” made before and/or during
the recording of the statement. The prosecution contended that while these
contentions were factually correct, they were legally irrelevant to the issue
of the admissibility of the statements.

42 I agree with the prosecution. First of all, it is now settled law that a
statement of an accused will not be rendered inadmissible on the basis that s
121 of the CPC has not been literally adhered to: see _PP v Mazlan bin Maidun_
[1993] 1 SLR 512 at 518, [23]. The Court of Appeal has also held in _Mohamed
Bachu Miah v PP_ [1993] 1 SLR 249 at 266, [50] that the only circumstance
where a statement made by an accused “whether in police custody or not, may
not be admitted in evidence is where it is tainted by inducement, threat or
promise”. Section 121 of the CPC does not address the issue of admissibility
of statements made in the course of police investigations. The admissibility
of statements to the police is broadly addressed by s 122 of the CPC. In my
view, s 121(2) of the CPC does not impose a positive obligation on the police
to inform suspects or accused persons that they may decline to answer a
question that may incriminate them. Section 121 of the CPC purely imposes an
obligation on the person being questioned to tell the truth subject to the
proviso permitting him to maintain his silence on matters that may be
personally incriminating. The Attorney-General, Mr Chan Sek Keong, has
correctly observed in _The Criminal Process – The Singapore Model_ (17 Sing L
Rev 433 at 488) that:

The privilege can exist as a constitutional right without a separate duty to
inform. The right to counsel exists as a constitutional right, but no one has
suggested that this right is infringed if the police fails to inform an
arrestee of such a right. Indeed, section 29 [Evidence Act] provides that a
confession if relevant does not become irrelevant merely because he has not
been warned that he was not bound to make such an answer.

I should perhaps add, for completeness, that the bundle of legal rights
relating to the questioning of suspects enunciated in _Miranda v Arizona_ 384
US 436 (1966), that defence counsel was inarticulately relying on, is not part
of our legal jurisprudence; see also _Rajeevan Edakalavan v PP_ [1988] 1 SLR
815 at [16]. That said, it would of course be quite improper for a police
officer to inform a person being questioned that he is obliged to tell the
truth without concurrently informing him of the effect and purport of the
proviso. If a police officer misleads a suspect or an accused as to his legal
obligations, and this has a material bearing on the making of a statement, the
court has an overriding discretion in determining the admissibility of such a
statement: see _Cheng Swee Tiang v PP_ [1964] MLJ 291 and _PP v Dahalan bin
Ladaewa_ [1996] 1 SLR 783. This is not the case here. I am satisfied after
evaluating the evidence that the police officers neither threatened the
accused that he _had_ to tell the truth nor misstated his legal obligations.

43 Secondly, I agree with the prosecution’s contention that the failure to
specify expressly in writing in a statement that it has been procured without
any improper threat or inducement does not in itself render the statement
_ipso facto_ inadmissible. The presence or absence of such words is not
conclusive or even _prima facie_ evidence of what had actually transpired
during the interview phase of the police investigations. In the ultimate
analysis, regardless of any verbal or linguistic formulae adopted in the
police statements, it is for the court to determine _factually_ whether the
statement in question was voluntarily obtained. The burden remains with the
prosecution, irrespective of the presence or absence of any words testifying
to the voluntariness of the statement, to prove beyond reasonable doubt that
such statement was indeed voluntarily obtained without any inducement, threat
or promise apropos the accused.

**Analysis of evidence pertaining to the incident**

44 All the police statements were therefore duly admitted in evidence. In the
statements, the accused had with unwavering clarity and convincing detail
acknowledged killing the deceased on the evening of 12 March 1997 at the car
park of Blocks 3/4 Beach Road, Singapore. The statements also supply a wealth
of information relating to the reasons precipitating the accused’s decision to
discharge a firearm at the deceased.

45 Most of the factual issues in these proceedings are incontrovertible. It is
undisputed that:

(a) the deceased was an illegal moneylender;

(b) the accused had borrowed money from the deceased which the deceased was
vigorously pressing him to repay;

(c) the deceased had used profanities on at least one occasion on the Thai
common-law wife of the accused, reducing her to tears. The accused was deeply
upset by this;

(d) the deceased made it next to impossible for the accused to carry on with
his new business and effectively caused him to sell it off. The accused
suffered a substantial financial loss as a consequence;

(e) the accused made unequivocal threats in relation to the deceased to two
witnesses – PW21 and Tham. Indeed, the accused acknowledges that he informed
PW21 that he intended to kill the deceased. This happened just two to three
days before the incident;

(f) the accused had a revolver with bullets which he had illegally smuggled
into Singapore from Thailand;

(g) the accused invited the deceased to meet him at the site of the killing;
and

(h) the accused was the last person known to have seen the deceased alive.

46 The defence contends that PW21’s evidence was equivocal as he could not
confirm whether the gun was real or fake. The accused also claims that after
he lost his gun, he had bought a fake plastic gun and this was what PW21 had
seen; he maintains that he intended PW21 to see the fake gun in order to
convey the impression that it was “real” to the deceased. He claims the
purport and intent of this “charade” was to intimidate both PW21 and the
deceased. This is a rather remarkable concoction. First of all, the accused
had no reason to believe that PW21 and the deceased were in regular
communication. Secondly, the accused did not ask PW21 to convey such a message
to the deceased. Indeed, he conceded in cross-examination that he would not
know if PW21 ever conveyed any such message as he had intended. My impression
of the accused is that he would not, in any event, have picked such a
roundabout method to convey such a message. He would have either expressly
informed PW21 to convey the message or informed the deceased directly. If the
intention was to merely intimidate the deceased, why did he not simply show
him the fake gun when they met on the evening of 12 March 1997? Indeed, his
brief discussion with Tham on the afternoon of 12 March 1997 reinforces my
view that he was determined to harm the deceased. While he had told Tham he
wanted to “rob” the deceased, it is pertinent that Tham observed that the
deceased was not his “usual self”. There was no suggestion from defence
counsel that the accused had also “intended” Tham to convey the purport of the
discussion to the deceased. I should also add that as both Tham and PW21 are
in my assessment forthright witnesses who were unshaken in cross-examination
on all material issues, I have accepted their evidence. In so far as PW21’s
evidence differed from the accused’s recollection of what happened at the ICA
car park (see [4]), I have chosen to accept PW21’s evidence over the
accused’s.

**_The subsequent police statements_**

47 I now deal with the subsequent statements – the series of police statements
which the accused made after the original statement. With the exception of the
cautioned statement, that is to say the brief reservation made when the
accused was officially charged (see [15] above), these were all made either at
the scene of the incident or after visiting it. The subsequent statements
essentially expanded or clarified what was stated in the original statement.
It is pertinent to point out that while there are indeed some differences
between these statements and the original statement, such discrepancies are in
my view neither fundamental nor critical.

48 In an attempt to accentuate and play up these differences, the defence
contends that these “inconsistencies” were “silent cries for help”
deliberately planted by the accused in order to demonstrate in court that the
various acknowledgements of responsibility for the killing were,
intrinsically, involuntary and incorrect. In response to a query from the
court, defence counsel confirmed that the contents of the police statements
were the result of a “measured thought process” and were “accurately
recorded”. Notwithstanding such a stance by his counsel, the accused in cross-
examination took the incongruous position that he did not know if the police
statements accurately recorded what he had stated.

49 After considering the various allegations made by the accused, I
unequivocally rejected such a belated attempt on his part to resile from his
statements. On the contrary, the converse is true. The various statements
demonstrably pointed to the truth, rather than the falsity, of the confession.
It is neither surprising nor disquieting that the accused made a number of
clarificatory statements after he visited the scene. It appears that he took
some time to re-orientate himself before clarifying matters. I am satisfied
that there was no attempt by the relevant officers to dictate to him what was
recorded in the various statements. What is particularly significant is that
the defence accepted, once the police statements were admitted, the veracity
and accuracy of almost all the material contents of the various statements.
Indeed, the evidence given by Ms Toh about several corrections to the
statements made in consultation with the accused was unchallenged by defence
counsel. These corrections were endorsed by the accused and he appended his
initials to indicate his acceptance. The police statements correctly
articulated the position of the accused at the relevant points of time. After
I admitted these police statements, the only two issues that defence counsel
disputed were the facts in the statements acknowledging his possession of the
gun around the time of the incident and the account of what happened in the
Beach Road car park at the material time in so far as it related to the
retrieval and use of the gun.

50 I pause here to deal with a rather conspicuous discrepancy in the accused’s
new version of events as proffered during the hearing. The defence had at the
outset resolutely maintained that the accused did not tell the police of the
existence of the mystery gunman because he felt they would not believe him;
furthermore, he insists he had been pressurised into accepting responsibility
for the killing. Annexed to a statement he made on 6 October 2004 after the
site visit is a sketch plan drawn by the accused. In this sketch plan, the
accused indicated where he had hidden the gun and the path he had taken in
order to retrieve the gun before he shot the deceased. He also drew two
figures. The larger figure was referred to as “Ah Seng” (the deceased’s
nickname) and the smaller figure as “I” (himself). When he was initially
cross-examined, he insisted that the smaller figure was the mystery gunman:

Q: … So the letter “I”, the alphabet “I” is in relation to the small figure of
a man?

A: They are not related. On the day when I wrote the letter “I”, what I meant
was that I actually took the path as indicated by the dotted lines on this
sketch.

Q: All right. So as far as this diagram is concerned, the big figure is the
deceased, “Ah Seng”?

A: Yes.

Q: The small figure is the shooter?

A: Yes.

Q: And the “I” refers to the dotted path---the path you took?

A: Yes.

After intensive cross-examination he appears to have realised, albeit a little
tardily, that his responses were both inconsistent and implausible. He then
resiled from this new position, asserting that “there are so many things in
the statement, it is impossible to recall every detail”. In my view, he
changed his evidence yet again because it struck him subsequently that this
new unrehearsed assertion in court blatantly contradicted his primary
assertion that there was a mystery gunman which he had deliberately not
disclosed to the police. The accused is clearly not a credible witness on the
material portions of the police statements which he later attempted to
retract.

**_The alleged loss of the gun_**

51 The accused also admits that he had possessed a gun which he had obtained
in Thailand and brought into Singapore illegally by concealing it in a sack of
glutinous rice. In the course of the trial, he related how he had allegedly
lost his gun. He had purportedly left the gun and the bullets under his folded
hammock in a storage box at the back of his bicycle (“storage box”). He parked
the bicycle at Golden Mile Complex two to three days before the fatal
shooting. He was not sure whether he had locked the storage box. He then went
up to Golden Mile Complex to make some purchases to sell to his customers.
When he came back, he placed the purchases into his storage box and he
proceeded to distribute them at Geylang. He only realised that his gun was
stolen later that night when he took out his hammock to lie on it. He claims
he felt “frustrated” when he discovered the loss.

52 This is yet another incredible invention. Apparently, neither the bullets,
cash nor any other item was removed! Unfazed by the loss of a real firearm,
the accused then allegedly proceeded to purchase shortly thereafter a fake
firearm. If the accused is to be believed, it follows that he purchased a fake
firearm with the sole intention of showing it to PW21 to intimidate him and
the deceased and to deter them from harassing him for the repayment of his
outstanding loans. It is odd, to say the least, that he never showed this fake
firearm to the deceased. Indeed, the accused was remarkably silent as to what
became of this fake firearm and exactly how he intended to employ it when he
met the deceased.

53 He also unguardedly conceded in cross-examination that the storage box was
easy to “pry open” and as there was money in it “wherever I go, whenever I
park my bicycle, I would definitely be around there to keep a lookout on my
bicycle”. Completely contradicting his confounding tale of the “sudden”
disappearance of the revolver, he unwittingly acknowledged how he always
maintained careful scrutiny over his valuables in the following exchange:

Q: But, Mr Lim, you can’t always be near your bicycle to prevent people from
stealing your merchandise, your goods and all that, right?

A: _No, if I were to leave my – walk off from my bicycle, I would bring along
my moneys. I’ll bring along my money and the gun_.

Q: And the gun. I think I remember you saying that when you stayed overnight
at Dah’s place, you would leave the gun in your jeans and hang it in the
cupboard, is that what you did?

A: Yes.

Q: So you did take precautions?

A: Yes. When I’m in the room, I would keep the gun in my jeans and hang it
inside the cupboard.

[emphasis added]

I am satisfied that the accused took adequate precautions to ensure the safety
of his valuables and the revolver. I have concluded that he had not lost the
revolver shortly before the incident as he claimed, but that he had possession
of the revolver at the material time.

**_The mystery gunman_**

54 The defence’s present version of what transpired on the evening of 12 March
1997 surfaced after the accused resiled from his original statement: see [17]
above. The deceased was angry and abusive when they met. He grabbed the
accused’s shirt but did not assault him. He hurled vulgarities at the accused.
The accused returned $2,300 to him. The deceased was not placated and
continued to mouth obscenities at not only the accused but his parents as
well. The accused then asked the deceased to wait while he retrieved a further
$1,000 from the storage box. At that point, someone emerged from behind the
deceased and shot him in the back of his head. This “big sized” man was
wearing a dark shirt and, on his head, a Thai straw hat. The man ran off
quickly after shooting the deceased. The accused explains that he did not
assist the deceased as he was afraid of being implicated in the shooting. This
was despite the fact that the deceased was in his books his “best friend” and
“financial supporter”!

**Observations on the defence**

55 I have carefully scrutinised the evidence as well as the contentions of the
prosecution and the defence. I have no hesitation in rejecting the accused’s
wholly unmeritorious attempt to retract material portions of his unequivocal
police statements acknowledging responsibility for the killing of the
deceased. His current account of how he lost his revolver and how the mystery
gunman suddenly materialised is not just implausible – it is utterly
illogical. It is wrapped around an illusive edifice wholly fabricated by
desperation. One need not only to stretch one’s imagination but to suspend
disbelief altogether to accept the accused’s tale of how he lost his revolver.
I dismiss this version of events as being not only improbable but wholly
concocted as an afterthought. Why would anyone remove a revolver from the
accused’s bicycle box and yet leave bullets and other valuables intact? Why
did the accused keep the bullets after “losing” the revolver? How would the
mystery gunman have fortuitously learnt of the private meeting that the
accused had arranged with the deceased? These are just some of the numerous
inherent and irreconcilable inconsistencies in the altered version of events
proffered by the accused at the trial.

56 The defence has accepted that the police statements constituted a
confession to the offence on which the accused was being tried. Counsel
however submitted that the police statements should be accorded little weight
because they were inconsistent on material facts. There was furthermore no
“strong” corroborative evidence of the confessions. Such a submission is
without merit. It would be helpful at this juncture to briefly state the legal
position in relation to retracted confessions. It has been authoritatively
stated in _Yap Sow Keong v PP_ [1947] MLJ 90 at 91 (approved by the Singapore
Court of Criminal Appeal in _Ismail bin U K Abdul Rahman v PP_ [1972–1974] SLR
232 at 236, [18]) that:

… the law as to the admissibility of retracted confessions in evidence is
clear, and put shortly it is that an accused person can be convicted on his
own confession, even when it is retracted, if the court is satisfied of its
truth. We do not agree with those Indian decisions which lay down that before
a person can be convicted on his retracted confession there must be
corroborative evidence to support it”.

57 The court need only be satisfied that first, the confession was voluntarily
made, and secondly, that it was true and reliable: _PP v Huang Rong Tai_
[2003] 2 SLR 43 at [22]. It is therefore incorrect for the defence to contend
that “strong” corroborative evidence of the retracted confession is an
essential prerequisite to a conviction of the accused. In any event, quite
apart from being satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the police statements
truthfully recorded the essence of what transpired during the incident, I am
persuaded that PW21’s and Tham’s evidence as to the accused’s intention to
harm the deceased constitutes cogent corroborative evidence of portentous
significance.

58 I accept what the accused stated in the original statement as reflecting
the essential truth as to what transpired on that fateful night on 12 March
1997. I have concluded that the accused had the gun with him just before he
met the deceased. He hid the gun. It is acknowledged by the defence that the
deceased abused him verbally when they met. That is not all – the deceased
also pulled his shirt aggressively. His festering resentment and deep anger
towards the accused for having earlier insulted his common-law wife, for
causing him severe business loss and for treating him like a “nobody”
culminated and exploded in incandescent rage. He resolved to deal with the
deceased once and for all. He stealthily sought his gun and shot the deceased
in the back of his head. When he shot the deceased, he was standing behind him
in a slightly elevated position.

59 While there are some wrinkles in the slightly different accounts the
accused had given as to what happened on that fateful night, it is crystal
clear that he was deeply upset with the deceased even before they met that
evening. The verbal abuse heaped upon him by the deceased, compounded by the
rough physical handling dished out to him, became the proverbial nail that
literally nailed the deceased’s coffin. I categorically reject the defence
that the alleged discrepancies in the police statements were inarticulate
“cries for help”. Indeed, the different nuances and level of detail in the
various statements serve to fortify the prosecution’s case that the police
officers were at pains to accurately record the accused’s version of events,
rather than to inflict upon him their hypothesis of what transpired. While the
accused’s confession in the original statement took centre stage in the
prosecution’s case, all the police statements bore the hallmarks of truth and
reason. In the original statement as well as in the last of his subsequent
statements, the accused expressed remorse over killing the deceased. At the
hearing however, the accused claimed that these words were not his words but
were inserted by SI Roy and SSI Zainal. Inexplicably, this rather important
point was once again not put to the two CID officers.

60 In the circumstances, I conclude that there was no mystery gunman. I find
that the bullet that killed the deceased came from the accused’s revolver. I
find that the accused fired the revolver. The revolver was fired at the
deceased with the intent to cause physical injury to him.

61 I am satisfied beyond any reasonable doubt that the prosecution has made
out against the accused the charge pursuant to s 4(1) of the Arms Offences Act
(Cap 14, 1998 Rev Ed) and I accordingly convict the accused of this charge. I
impose on the accused the sentence of capital punishment which is mandatorily
prescribed for this offence.

Accused convicted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

