Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict and Others  
[2005] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 100/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  P Suppiah and Elengovan Krishnan (P Suppiah and Co) for the appellant; Daniel John and Lim Fung Peen (Lim Ang John and Tan LLC) for the first and second respondents; Daryll Ng and Nicole Tan (Haridass Ho and Partners) for the third respondent   
Parties | : |  Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) — Lek Benedict; Lim Wee Chuan; Tan Te Teck Gregory   
  
Companies – Winding up – Fraudulent trading – Respondents using new company to
carry on business of old company against which winding up proceedings pending
– Appellant creditor alleging respondents using new company to put old
company's assets out of reach from creditors – Whether respondents causing old
company to conduct business with intent to defraud creditors – Essential
elements of fraud – Whether subjective or objective standard of honesty
applicable when determining whether fraudulent intent existing – Section
340(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Standard of proof – Whether civil standard of
proof of balance of probabilities applicable in civil cases involving fraud  
  

13 May 2005

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal by the appellant who had brought an action under s 340(1)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) against the defendants in this
suit. The company in question was Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (“the
Company”) and the first and second respondents were its directors and
shareholders. The third respondent was an employee of the Company. The
appellant traded in Bohemian crystalware under the name of “Niklex Supply
Company” (“Niklex”) and was the erstwhile principal supplier to the Company.

2 In the course of time, the Company owed substantial trade debts to the
appellant. The appellant sued for the recovery of the debts and a consent
judgment was entered in Suit No 21 of 2002 against the Company in the sum of
$1,070,000. The appellant managed to recover $59,710.46 by way of a Sheriff’s
sale, leaving $1,010,289.54 of the judgment debt unsatisfied. The appellant
then obtained a winding-up order against the Company on 19 September 2003. On
25 September 2003, the appellant commenced Suit No 864 of 2003 (the subject of
this appeal). Various allegations of fraud were made, including the claim that
the respondents caused the Company to continue trading with the appellant
after they knew, in 1999, that the Company was insolvent; and secondly, that
the respondents dissipated or caused the Company to dissipate its assets. This
was allegedly done in several ways. One of the allegations was that the
Company wrongfully gave loans to the respondents in 2000 and 2001. Another was
that the first and second respondents caused the Company to pay salaries and
bonuses to them in 2000 and 2001 (when the Company was already insolvent).
Ultimately, the appellant reduced her claim to the allegation that the three
respondents set up a company called Axum Marketing Pte Ltd (“Axum”), which
they bought off the shelf in June 2001, and began trading through it the
following month, and caused the Company to transfer goods (purchased by the
Company from the appellant) to Axum. The total value of goods transferred by
the Company to Axum amounted to $1,268,983.02. The appellant’s claim against
the third respondent was for conspiracy, and the aiding and abetting of the s
340(1) offence by the first and second respondents.

3 In the course of the trial, the appellant adduced evidence to support her
core allegation of the incidents and circumstances that she alleged
constituted a breach of s 340(1) of the Companies Act. The evidence was
considered and evaluated by the trial judge who formed the view that the
evidence failed to prove fraud and thus dismissed the appellant’s action. The
appellant appealed against that judgment. The appellant’s principal contention
was that the trial judge had failed to enquire into the most relevant issue,
namely, whether Axum was created to be used as an instrument of fraud, that it
was used to profit the respondents by selling goods taken from the Company
without payment; thus leaving the appellant as the creditor of the Company
without payment and with no real recourse against the Company. The appellant
averred that the trial judge misdirected himself in law in holding that the
acquisition of Axum was done in good faith, and therefore there was no breach
of s 340(1) of the Companies Act.

4 There are some facts that were found and considered by the trial judge,
which we need to set out to complete the narrative of the commercial episode
involving the parties. The business between the appellant and the Company was
conducted by the first and second respondents on behalf of the Company, and
one Chan Chon Tuck (“Chan”) on behalf of the appellant. The business
relationship began in 1990 and spanned a period of ten years through 2000
during which time, the Company paid the appellant a total of about $5.2m in
trade debts. In 1994, Chan asked for a 50% stake in the Company from the first
and second respondents, on the ground that the Company owed him a huge debt on
account of his generosity towards it in its business dealings with the
appellant. The first and second respondents acceded to Chan’s request, and
eventually, Chan was also given access to the Company’s books and financial
records, which he inspected regularly. By 1998, the relationship between the
first and second respondents and Chan was no longer the warm and trusting one
they had shared before. It was about this time that the first and second
respondents discovered that Chan had been charging exorbitant prices to the
Company for the goods supplied by the appellant. Chan was also unreliable in
the delivery of goods ordered from the appellant. Consequently, as the Company
was not able to compete in the market, it ended with a $1.5m debt to the
appellant. Strangely, in 1999 Chan asked for his stake in the Company to be
increased to 70% and also to be paid a salary. Even stranger, was the first
and second respondents’ agreeing to the increase although they did not agree
to pay the salary Chan had demanded.

5 The Company made its last purchase of goods from the appellant in December
1999. These goods were delivered between February and April 2000. The first
and second respondents also met Chan in February 2000 during which they
discussed various issues relating to their business, in particular, the
Company’s debts to the appellant. From about that time on, the first and
second respondents also began to obtain supplies from other sources, and in
June 2001, Axum was bought off the shelf to be used as a company through which
the first and second respondents carried on their business. The appellant’s
principal claim was that between July 2001 and June 2002, the Company sold
$1,268,983.02 worth of goods to Axum at 10% more than what it paid for them.
The evidence as to the reasons why the first and second respondents needed to
have a new company (Axum) appeared to be, first, a fear that the appellant
might wind up the Company because of the debts it owed to the appellant. There
were also problems concerning the business relationship between the Company
and the appellant, mainly, it seemed, because the friendship between Chan and
the first and second respondents was falling apart. That, in turn, led to
disagreements as to how the Company was to be run. It would be noted from the
trial judge’s grounds of decision, that the first and second respondents’
allegation that Chan had a 70% stake in the Company, was not refuted. The
evidence also showed that the Company had given credit notes amounting to
$114,246.73 for goods rejected by Axum. Axum had, by the material time, paid
up $713,831.38 of the debt it owed the Company. The trial judge accepted that
the money received by the Company was used to pay directors’ fees accrued over
the years rather than to pay the appellant. On these facts, the trial judge
could either infer that the Company indulged in fraudulent trading, or that it
had merely exercised undue preference to one creditor over another. The trial
judge inferred that it was the latter.

6 The crux of the appellant’s case is contained in para 13(3) of the Re-
Amended Statement of Claim that averred as follows:

The [first and second respondents] together with the [third respondent]
incorporated on or about 4.6.2001 a company called Axum Marketing Pte Ltd
(Axum) and caused the subject company to transfer goods bought from the
[appellant] to the said Axum for the purported value of $1,268,983.02. No
payments have been made by this company [Axum] to the said subject company.

The appellant maintained that her claim was not based on a conspiracy to
defraud, but on the statutory cause of action under s 340(1) of the Companies
Act. Section 340(1) provides as follows:

If, in the course of the winding up of a company or in any proceedings against
a company, it appears that any business of the company has been carried on
with intent to defraud creditors of the company or creditors of any other
person or for any fraudulent purpose, the Court, on the application of the
liquidator or any creditor or contributory of the company, may, if it thinks
proper to do so, declare that any person who was knowingly a party to the
carrying on of the business in that manner shall be personally responsible,
without any limitation of liability, for all or any of the debts or other
liabilities of the company as the Court directs.

Mr Suppiah, counsel for the appellant, argued that the trial judge was wrong
to conclude that the evidence did not establish fraudulent trading, and
instead, he came to the conclusion that it was only an instance of undue
preference.

**Elements of fraud**

7 The approval by Lord Lane CJ in _R v Grantham_ [1984] QB 675 at 682 (“
_Grantham_ ”) of the trial judge’s summing up in that case, is often cited as
a starting point in the definition of fraud in s 340(1) situations. It has
been relied upon in _Rahj Kamal bin Abdullah v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 447 (“ _Rahj
Kamal_ ”) at [35]. In _Rahj Kamal,_ the appellant was convicted for fraudulent
trading. He was a director of a company that had been soliciting and
collecting funds from the public in return for a promise of a large return of
profits. There was no issue that the scheme itself was not _bona fide_ , and
the critical issue was whether the appellant knew about the company’s
activities. He denied complicity and knowledge, but the court found otherwise.
His appeal to the High Court was dismissed. _Rahj Kamal_ was a criminal case,
and there is, therefore, a separate issue regarding the onus of proof. We
shall revert to that point shortly. But first, Francis Allen J, the trial
judge in _Grantham_ , whom Lord Lane CJ quoted at 681 of his judgment, stated
that:

… A man intends to defraud a creditor either if he intends that the creditor
shall never be paid or alternatively if he intends to obtain credit or carry
on obtaining credit when the rights and interests of the creditor are being
prejudiced in a way which the defendant himself knows is generally regarded as
dishonest … [A] trader can intend to defraud if he obtains credit when there
is a substantial risk of the creditor not getting his money or not getting the
whole of his money and the defendant knows that that is the position and knows
he is stepping beyond the bounds of what ordinary decent people engaged in
business would regard as honest.

After citing the above passage, Lord Lane CJ referred to passages from Maugham
J in two separate cases, namely, _In re William C Leitch Brothers, Limited_
[1932] 2 Ch 71 at 77, and _In re Patrick and Lyon, Limited_ [1933] Ch 786 at
790, and expressed his concurrence with Maugham J’s express disavowal of any
intention on his part to define fraud. The passage from Maugham J’s decision
in _In re Patrick and Lyon, Limited_ reads as follows:

… I will express the opinion that the words “defraud” and “fraudulent
purpose,” where they appear in the section in question, are words which
connote actual dishonesty involving, according to current notions of fair
trading among commercial men, real moral blame. No judge, I think, has ever
been made willing to define “fraud,” and I am attempting no definition. I am
merely stating what, in my opinion, must be one of the elements of the word as
used in this section.

The Court of Appeal in _Grantham_ was of the opinion (at 682) that:

The [trial] judge [Allen J] eventually decided in favour of the trader on the
basis that, although he might have been guilty of insufficient care and
supervision of his business, he could not be said, in the words of Maugham J.,
to have been guilty of moral blame so as to justify the judge in saying that
he ought to be liable for the debts of the company without limit. In other
words, he acquitted the trader of dishonesty – an essential ingredient to
liability.

It is, therefore, clear that the _Grantham_ passage cited in _Rahj Kamal_ is
not a definition of fraud or fraudulent trading, but merely an account of an
instance in which fraud might manifest itself. Maugham J saw clearly the
futility of attempting to cast a legal definition for something as amorphous
as “fraud”. To defraud someone is to cheat him, but what is cheating? The best
that one can say is that it is an act or omission in which the fraudster
deceives the innocent party so as to enrich the fraudster, or cause the
innocent party to suffer a loss or detriment. But the fraudster or cheat may
achieve his objective in any number of ways. The only invariable element is
the element of dishonesty on the part of the fraudster or cheat. Whether any
given circumstances amount to fraud is a question of fact to be determined by
the court – as was the case in _Grantham_ and _Rahj Kamal_.

8 _Rahj Kamal_ was an approval of a finding of fact by the lower court judge
in circumstances that the appellate court found were consistent with
dishonesty having been proved. A dishonest intention can always be inferred
from the surrounding circumstances. Hence, in that case, the court was
entitled to infer dishonest intention by the fact of concealment, evidence of
which was independently provided by prosecution witnesses. There was also
other corroborative evidence such as the collection of money by the appellant
in that case, and the subsequent substitution of receipts. All that was found
by the court to have been done for the purpose of confusing the authorities.
Hence, there was ample evidence of a dishonest intention on the part of the
appellant in that case.

9 The Hong Kong case of _Aktieselskabet Dansk Skibsfinansiering v Brothers_
[2001] 2 BCLC 324 (“ _Aktieselskabet_ ”) requires some comment. Lord Hoffmann,
delivering the judgment of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal, stated at 334
that:

While I quite accept that a defendant cannot be allowed to shelter behind some
private standard of honesty not shared by the community, I think that there is
a danger in expressing that proposition by invoking the concept of the
hypothetical decent honest man. The danger is that because decent honest
people also tend to behave reasonably, considerately and so forth, there may
be a temptation to treat shortcomings in these respects as a failure to comply
with the necessary objective standard. It seems to me much safer, at least in
the context of an allegation of fraud, to concentrate upon the actual
defendants and simply ask whether they have been dishonest. Judges or juries
seldom have any conceptual difficulty in knowing what is meant by dishonesty.

We agree entirely with the above passage, but would say further, that the
objective standard of what an honest person would have done in the
circumstances can still be a useful device to test the honest intention of the
person concerned against all the other evidence available, including, and
especially, the explanation by the defendant of his deviation from what an
honest person would have done in his circumstances. The High Court in _Rahj
Kamal_ , at [33], noted that the appellant there “was unable to explain
adequately how he was going to honour his financial obligations”. To rely on
the objective standard as a sole test would be exceptional because it would
require the court to be convinced that the negative answer given in the
factual circumstances was sufficiently indicative of fraud to warrant a
finding of fraud.

**Standard of proof required in civil fraud cases**

10 _Grantham_ and _Rahj Kamal_ were criminal cases and the burden of proving
fraud lay with the prosecutor which he had to discharge by proving his case
beyond reasonable doubt. The summing up by Allen J in _Grantham_ was thus
guiding the jury as to what could constitute the offence of fraud in law so
that the members of the jury could relate the evidence to the law. Like
Maugham J, the learned judge was not laying down a comprehensive definition of
fraud or fraudulent intent. What is clear is that dishonesty is an element of
fraud. A trial judge must find dishonesty if he is to adjudge that there has
been fraud. The burden of proving fraud in a civil case lies with the party
alleging it, but the infusion of a shared criminal element (fraud) in civil
proceedings tends to create some uncertainty as to the standard of proof
required. The degree of proof is not as stringently required as it would be in
a criminal case because it is accepted that the standard of proof in a civil
case is that based on a balance of probabilities. But what is the standard of
proof when fraud is alleged in civil proceedings? It is important to refer to
the Evidence Act, (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) before we consider the judicial
statements regarding the standard of proof. Section 3(3) of the Evidence Act
provides, in regard to the meaning of “proved”, that:

A fact is said to be “proved” when, after considering the matters before it,
the court either believes it to exist or considers its existence so probable
that a prudent man ought, under the circumstances of the particular case, to
act upon the supposition that it exists.

In respect of “disproved”, s 3(4) provides that:

A fact is said to be “disproved” when, after considering the matters before
it, the court either believes that it does not exist or considers its non-
existence so probable that a prudent man ought, under the circumstances of the
particular case, to act upon the supposition that it does not exist.

And in s 3(5), “not proved” is defined as:

A fact is said to be “not proved” when it is neither proved nor disproved.”

It is also important to be mindful that s 3 of the Evidence Act itself makes
no distinction between the standard of proof in a criminal case and that in a
civil one.

11 The disparate standard of “proof beyond reasonable doubt” in criminal
cases, and “proof on a balance of probabilities” in civil ones, is a
distinction established by judicial licence in the courts to emphasise the
point that the graver the consequences, the more severe the requirement for
proof ought to be. After the House of Lords’ approval in _Woolmington v
Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1935] AC 462 at 481, the “beyond reasonable
doubt” standard in criminal cases was firmly established, and was so
recognised by Hodson LJ in _Hornal v Neuberger Products Ltd_ [1957] 1 QB 247.
Hodson LJ also referred to Denning LJ’s decision in _Bater v Bater_ [1951] P
35 at 36, to express the idea that the distinction between the two standards
is really a difference in the degrees of probabilities, which is to say, that
“proof beyond reasonable doubt” is also a measure based on a balance of
probabilities since “beyond reasonable doubt” falls short of absolute
certainty, and is not proof “beyond a shadow of doubt”: see _Miller v Minister
of Pensions_ [1947] 2 All ER 372 at 373. In _Bater v Bater_ , Denning LJ said
at 36–37:

The difference of opinion, which has been evoked about the standard of proof
in recent cases may well turn out to be more a matter of words than anything
else. It is of course true that by our law a higher standard of proof is
required in criminal cases than in civil cases. But this is subject to the
qualification that there is no absolute standard in either case. In criminal
cases the charge must be proved beyond reasonable doubt, but there may be
degrees of proof within that standard. As Best, C.J., and many other great
judges have said, “in proportion as the crime is enormous, so ought the proof
to be clear”. So also in civil cases, the case may be proved by a
preponderance of probability, but there may be degrees of probability within
that standard. The degree depends on the subject-matter. A civil court, when
considering a charge of fraud, will naturally require for itself a higher
degree of probability than that which it would require when asking if
negligence is established. It does not adopt so high a degree as a criminal
court, even when it is considering a charge of a criminal nature; but still it
does require a degree of probability which is commensurate with the occasion.

12 The anxiety of applying the correct standard of proof of fraud in a civil
case is more evident in judicial formulations such as “a degree of probability
which is commensurate with the occasion”, and “proof going beyond the usual
civil standard of proof”, than in the actual application by judges who
usually, and instinctively, know that they need not apply the stringent
standard as that required in a criminal case, and yet not find fraud in the
same way they would find, say, negligence: see _Soh Lup Chee v Seow Boon
Cheng_ [2004] SGHC 8 at [16], and _Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang
Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR 162 at [30]. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in _In re H
(Minors) (Sexual Abuse: Standard of Proof)_ [1996] AC 563 at 586 aptly sums up
the situation, which was described by Lord Hoffmann (in _Aktieselskabet_ at
329) as “an exercise in terminological hygiene”, but so “timely and
faultless”. Lord Nicholls, after referring to the approach in _Hornal v
Neuberger Products Ltd_ , stated at 586–587:

This approach also provides a means by which the balance of probability
standard can accommodate one’s instinctive feeling that even in civil
proceedings a court should be more sure before finding serious allegations
proved than when deciding less serious or trivial matters.

No doubt it is this feeling which prompts judicial comment from time to time
that grave issues call for proof to a standard higher than the preponderance
of probability. Similar suggestions have been made recently regarding proof of
allegations of sexual abuse of children: see _In re G. (A Minor) (Child Abuse:
Standard of Proof)_ [1987] 1 W.L.R 1461, 1466, and _In re W. (Minors) (Sexual
Abuse: Standard of Proof)_ [1994] 1 F.L.R. 419, 429. So I must pursue this a
little further. The law looks for probability, not certainty. Certainty is
seldom attainable. But probability is an unsatisfactorily vague criterion
because there are degrees of probability. In establishing principles regarding
the standard of proof, therefore, the law seeks to define the degree of
probability appropriate for different types of proceedings. Proof beyond
reasonable doubt, in whatever form of words expressed, is one standard. Proof
on a preponderance of probability is another, lower standard having the in-
built flexibility already mentioned. If the balance of probability standard
were departed from, and a third standard were substituted in some civil cases,
it would be necessary to identify what the standard is and when it applies.
Herein lies a difficulty. If the standard were to be higher than the balance
of probability but lower than the criminal standard of proof beyond reasonable
doubt, what would it be? The only alternative which suggests itself is that
the standard should be commensurate with the gravity of the allegation and the
seriousness of the consequences. A formula to this effect has its attraction.
But I doubt whether in practice it would add much to the present test in civil
cases, and it would risk causing confusion and uncertainty. As at present
advised I think it is better to stick to the existing, established law on this
subject. I can see no compelling need for a change.

13 Lord Hoffmann expressed a similar view in _Aktieselskabet_ , where he used
a scale of 0 (impossibility) to 1 (certainty) for illustration. He reasoned at
329 that:

[I]f proof is required on a preponderance of probabilities … it is
inconsistent to require a ‘degree of probability commensurate with the
occasion’. This suggests some other degree of probability, higher than >0.5,
somewhere between the civil standard and the criminal standard, which the
courts have wisely never attempted to define as a point on the probability
scale. The correct analysis is that the court is not looking for a higher
degree of probability. It is only that the more inherently improbable the act
in question, the more compelling will be the evidence needed to satisfy the
court on a preponderance of probability.

This reasoning is logically correct, but the rejection of a third test and the
reference to the application of the civil standard (on a balance of
probabilities) to cases of fraud, without more, is not entirely satisfactory.
First, in using a scale (say, from 0 to 1) to determine the balance of
probabilities, one would be assuming that there is an objective standard by
which evidence (quantitatively and qualitatively) may be assessed inerrably.
But that is rarely possible, if at all. Although the premise itself is
perfectly logical in that a balance of probabilities merely requires the court
to decide which of the two cases is more probable (that is, on proof greater
than 50%, or in Lord Hoffmann’s terminology, >0.5 on a scale of 0 to1), it is
not realistic to apportion grades to evidence – on any scale, be it a scale of
0 to 1, 10, or 100 because of the subjectivity of such an exercise. Secondly,
the application of a scale of points to evidence (and the assumption that all
evidence is quantitatively and qualitatively homogeneous) naturally assumes
also that all evidence may be presented at a single level only. The problem
with this assumption is easily demonstrable. Let us take two hypothetical
cases. In each case, the plaintiff adduces evidence, the sum of which is _x_ ,
and where _x_ , say, consists of one witness and one document. The defendant
adduces his evidence, the sum of which is _y_ , and where _y_ , say, consists
of only one witness. The court may find that in each case, _x_ is >0.5 (on a
scale of 0 to 1) – more than _y_. However, let us assume that in one of the
cases, the evidence of _x_ is quantitatively and qualitatively superior to the
evidence of _x_ in the other case. Yet, if the court in both cases were to
apply the balance of probabilities test, it would have reached a decision in
favour of _x_ , that is to say, finding _x_ to be >0.5 on a scale of 0 to 1.
There would be no problems of consistency and evaluation if they both
concerned a simple breach of contract. But if they were both civil cases
involving fraud, then the court in the other case may not find in favour of
the plaintiff on the ground that it was not satisfied that _x_ was >0.5, _ie_
, more than _y_. It will be seen, therefore, that the two cases could have
been presented at different levels. Hence, the test of a balance of
probabilities, by itself a simple test of ascertaining >0.5 on a scale of 0 to
1, may vary according to the levels at which the evidence is presented as well
as the nature of the issues in dispute. In other words, in the case of a case
involving fraud, the court’s expectation of proof of >0.5 on a scale of 0 to 1
would be higher, bearing in mind that in each case the court is balancing the
case of the plaintiff against the case of the defendant. Thus, it has no
concern with what evidence some other plaintiff or defendant may adduce.

14 The real problem thus, is more a semantic one than one of logic. There are,
indisputably, only two standards of proof. For criminal cases, the standard is
proof beyond reasonable doubt; for civil matters, the standard is that of a
balance of probabilities, where, minimally, the party charged with the burden
of proving will succeed if he can show just that little more evidence to tilt
the balance. The prosecutor in a criminal case will have to furnish more
evidence than just that little more to tilt the balance. So when fraud is the
subject of a criminal trial, there is no difficulty appreciating what burden
falls on the prosecutor. But since fraud can also be the subject of a civil
claim, the civil standard of proving on a balance of probabilities must apply
because there is no known “third standard” although such cases are usually
known as “fraud in a civil case” as if alluding to a third standard of proof.
However, because of the severity and potentially serious implications
attaching to a fraud, even in a civil trial, judges are not normally satisfied
by that little bit more evidence such as to tilt the “balance”. They normally
require more. That _more_ is commonly described as “a burden that is higher
than on a balance of probabilities, but lower than proof beyond reasonable
doubt”, see, for example, _Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_
at [30], or, as stated in the English cases mentioned above, “proof is
required on a preponderance of probabilities”, or in reliance of the
“different degrees of probabilities” notion that was discredited by Lord
Nicholls and Lord Hoffmann. All these descriptions of the test would, in
essence, produce the same effect. While it is not a test, the following short
passage from the judgment of Morris LJ in _Hornal v Neuberger Products Ltd_ at
266, quoted with approval by Lord Hoffmann, explains with great clarity what
judges do in weighing evidence of fraud:

Though no court and no jury would give less careful attention to issues
lacking gravity than to those marked by it, the very elements of gravity
become a part of the whole range of circumstances which have to be weighed in
the scale when deciding as to the balance of probabilities.

Therefore, we would reiterate that the standard of proof in a civil case,
including cases where fraud is alleged, is that based on a balance of
probabilities; but the more serious the allegation, the more the party, on
whose shoulders the burden of proof falls, may have to do if he hopes to
establish his case.

15 We now revert to the facts of the present case. We find that there were at
least two facts that might have warranted closer scrutiny and consideration.
The first was that in a separate writ action, the appellant had sued the
Company in January 2001 for the unpaid price of goods; and the fact that the
appellant’s claim in the present action concerned the Company’s conduct from
July 2001 to June 2002 meant that the Company and the first and second
respondents must have known for six months that there was a substantial claim
against the Company. _Prima facie_ , an explanation would be required if
assets were moved out of the Company during this period. The Company might
have thought that the claim in the other action was frivolous and
unsustainable, but if that were the case, it ought to explain why it consented
to judgment. This point did not appear to have been raised at trial and did
not feature in the court’s judgment below. Furthermore, since the first and
second respondents’ case was that they started Axum because they had
discovered that the appellant had overcharged the Company, thereby making it
no longer competitive, they ought to explain why it was that Axum bought goods
from the Company at a10% higher price than what the Company paid the
appellant. However, we are of the opinion that the rejection of fraud by the
trial judge was not wrong because, as we have alluded to above, dishonesty and
deception are key elements of fraud. From the record alone we do not think
that the appellant’s manager and key witness, Chan, could have been deceived
when he had a 50% interest in the Company (later increased to 70%), and had
been diligently checking the profit and loss accounts and balance sheet of the
Company – even though he claimed not to have seen the invoices and vouchers.
If that finding of fact was wrong, it behoved the appellant to persuade us on
the evidence why the finding of those facts ought to be reversed. Save for a
brief denial by counsel from the bar, no evidence was pointed to us to show
why that finding was wrong. The trial judge found no evidence of fraud against
the third respondent. Nothing new was presented before us and we, therefore,
find that there was no ground to disturb the trial judge’s finding.

16 For the reasons above, we were satisfied that the appellant had not
discharged her burden of proof, and the trial judge was not wrong to have
rejected the allegations of fraud. The appeal was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

