Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 173

Case Number | : | OS 1164/2005, SIC 4541/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Molly Lim SC, Roland Tong and Ambrose Chia (Wong Tan and Molly Lim LLC) for the applicants; Andrew Chan, Stanley Lai, Candace Ler and Andrew Yeo (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Defendant club ordered to pay damages to
litigant-members – Club proposing scheme of arrangement – Club unable to
convene requisite meeting within prescribed time – Whether club's proposed
timeline acceptable – Whether scheme of arrangement could be rejected without
meeting being convened for litigant-members to vote on proposed scheme –
Section 210 Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

15 September 2005

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 On 23 August 2005, the Court of Appeal delivered its judgment ([2005] SGCA
40) and awarded $3,000 damages to each of the 4,895 members of the Raffles
Town Club who had joined in the action. I shall refer to these 4,895 members
as the litigant-members to distinguish them from the approximately 14,000
other members of the Club who did not join in the action.

2 After receiving the judgment, the defendant, Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (“the
Club”), took steps under s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) to put forward a scheme of compromise and arrangement to its
creditors. An application was filed to set this in motion.

3 When the Club’s application came before me on 31 August 2005, its counsel
stated that the Club was not ready to take the usual directions for the
convening of the meeting under s 210 of the Act to vote on the proposed
scheme. It needed time to prepare additional information, accounts and
recommendations with input from external financial advisers. In the meantime,
it had only prepared and circulated a preliminary draft scheme to its
creditors. Counsel sought a stay of all proceedings till 20 September 2005
when the Club would be ready to return to court to take directions for the
meeting to be held by 15 December 2005.

4 The timelines proposed were not acceptable to me. The action against the
Club has been ongoing for years. The Club ought to have started preparatory
work on a scheme before the Court of Appeal judgment. It was not good enough
to say that it did not know the Court of Appeal was to increase the damages.
Furthermore, there was no justification for not holding a meeting on a
proposed scheme for three and a half months till 15 December 2005.

5 Counsel for the litigant-members told me that his clients were opposed to
anything that would affect their right to enforce the judgment against the
Club, but he added that he did not have time to take full instructions and was
not ready to argue against the Club’s application.

6 I gave the Club the opportunity to submit a scheme, but on tighter timelines
than were proposed. I directed that the Club give notice of the meeting and
circulate the scheme to the Club’s creditors by 28 September 2005, and that
the meeting was to be convened by 26 October 2005. In the meantime, all other
actions are to be stayed pending the meeting.

7 My intention for making those directions was to allow the scheme to be put
forward, and discussed, and voted on, without unnecessary delay. However, I
also wanted to preserve the litigant-members’ right to object to the Club’s
application, so I added an order that any creditor can apply to set aside the
orders that I made with respect to the meeting and the injunction against
other actions.

8 The litigant-members duly used that opportunity and filed Summons in
Chambers No 4541 of 2005 to set aside the orders, and for other alternative
reliefs. The application to set aside the directions of 31 August 2005, if
granted, will bring the proposed settlement to an end without it being voted
on by the creditors of the Club covered by the scheme.

9 When the summons in chambers came before me on 8 September 2005, counsel for
the Club raised a preliminary point with regard to the authority of the
solicitors of the litigant-members. He referred to a document entitled
“Raffles Members’ Group Notes on Nomination Form” which was used at the outset
of the action against the Club. The form provided for the election of a pro-
tem committee to represent the 4,895 litigant-members.

10 Term 4 of the form set out the powers of the pro-tem committee:

The Committee will have the following functions and authority:

a. to continue with the mandate as given to WTL [litigant-members’ solicitors]
by the Pro-Tem Committee;

b. to continue to assist WTL as regards matters to be communicated to the rest
of the Participating Members and to give the requisite instructions whenever
requested or required by WTL;

c. to continue to represent the Participating Members in all matters relating
to the Representative Action;

d. to do whatever is necessary and as it thinks best for and in the interests
of the majority of the Participating Members in relation to the Representative
Action;

e. to participate, if and when advised by WTL and together with WTL, in any
negotiations or mediation proceedings;

f. to make decisions on behalf of the Participating Members on all matters
relating to the Representative Action _except as regards the terms of
settlement to be accepted_ ;

g.__ to call for a meeting of all Participating Members for the purpose of
making _a decision on the acceptability or otherwise of the terms of
settlement. The decision shall be arrived at by a simple majority_ of
Participating Members present and voting; ...

[emphasis added]

11 It was not disputed that no meeting of the 4,895 litigant-members had been
convened to decide or vote on the preliminary draft scheme the Club has put
up.

12 Counsel for the Club drew my attention to terms 4f and 4g, and submitted
that the pro-tem committee’s mandate to make decisions on behalf of the
litigant-members does not extend to the rejection of any offer of settlement
such as a scheme under s 210 of the Act unless there is a vote to reject it.
Without that, the pro-tem committee does not have the mandate to apply in the
name of the litigant-members to set aside the directions and kill the proposed
scheme, or to seek any alternative relief.

13 I recognised the merits in the argument and suggested to the applicants’
counsel that the pro-tem committee should convene a meeting of the litigant-
members and ascertain that they want to reject the scheme before proceeding
with its application. Who can say that the majority of the litigant-members
will not accept the scheme if they are to meet and vote on it? Even if the
members of the pro-tem committee believe that the majority will reject the
proposal, the terms of their mandate require that there must be a meeting and
a vote.

14 Counsel for the litigant-members did not see things in that light, and
asked me to dismiss the application, and certify that I did not require
further arguments, so that an appeal can be filed against my decision instead.
I believe that counsel’s intention is to apply for an expedited appeal to have
my ruling on the preliminary point overturned, and to have the application
heard on its merits before 26 October 2005 without the meeting and the vote. I
acceded to both requests. I dismissed the application on the preliminary
point, and confirmed that I did not want to hear further arguments.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

