Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Swee Hoon Joanna Ophelia v Yeo Hee Chong  
[2005] SGHC 190

Case Number | : | Suit 942/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benedict Chan (Benedict Chan and Partners) and Roy Monoj Kumar (Roy and Partners) for the plaintiff; P E Ashokan (KhattarWong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Koh Swee Hoon Joanna Ophelia — Yeo Hee Chong   
  
Tort – Negligence – Breach of duty – Whether lorry left in position presenting
possible source of danger to other road users  
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Whether plaintiff contributorily
negligent in failing to keep proper lookout and following vehicle in front too
closely  
  

5 October 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 On 27 January 2004, the plaintiff, Koh Swee Hoon, was involved in a road
traffic accident in which her motor scooter no FS 1004L collided into the rear
of a stationary lorry no YK 4924D. The driver of the lorry is the defendant,
Yeo Hee Chong. The focus here is on the defendant’s duty to other road users
to exercise reasonable care in the management of his lorry that had a puncture
and was left on the expressway as a result. The question for consideration is
whether the stationary lorry left in the position where it was presented a
possible source of danger to the road users travelling along Tampines
Expressway (“TPE”) as well as road users from Loyang Avenue joining the TPE
towards Changi Airport. It would be a skewed reading of the situation to
approach this claim as a simple head-to-rear traffic accident. The trial
before me is on liability.

2 The defendant, a liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) deliveryman, was travelling
along the TPE bound for his employer’s premises at Jalan Pari Burong off Upper
Changi Road when he experienced a puncture to the front left tyre coming down
from the Loyang Flyover (“flyover”). He did not stop straightaway but
gradually slowed down until he came to a complete stop on the second lane of
the TPE some distance from the apex of the chevron markings that separated
traffic from Loyang Avenue and the TPE. In dispute is the spot at which the
lorry was left stationary along the TPE. The lorry was laden with LPG
cylinders both large and small and weighing a total of approximately 2 tons.
Some cylinders were empty and others were filled with LPG.

3 According to the defendant, the lorry tilted to its side because of the
deflated front left tyre. He also experienced difficulty controlling the
steering wheel. Given the constraints, he would have to drive slowly with the
assistance of someone controlling the traffic if he were to cut across one
lane to reach the road shoulder along the TPE. He was alone and decided to
call for assistance. He alighted from his lorry to place a triangular
breakdown sign some 25–30m behind his lorry as a warning to oncoming vehicles.
He then made his way to the road shoulder from where he telephoned his office.
He also claimed that before alighting from the lorry, he had put the hazard
lights on. Whilst he was still on his mobile phone, he heard the sound of a
crash and soon realised that the plaintiff had collided into the back of his
lorry. He did not see how the accident happened as a passing lorry had
momentarily blocked his line of vision.

4 The plaintiff’s leg was pinned under the rear left tyre. The lorry had to be
moved to free her leg. Seeing petrol leaking from the scooter, the defendant
decided to move his lorry to the road shoulder which he did so with the
assistance of a passer-by.

5 The plaintiff, a senior flight stewardess with Silk Air, was on her way to
work and was heading towards Changi Airport. She was to report for work at
12.30pm. The accident happened at about 12.05pm. From Tampines Avenue 7 she
rode into Loyang Avenue intending to join the TPE. After overtaking two motor
vehicles along Loyang Avenue, she stayed on the right lane of Loyang Avenue.
Her intention was to filter to the right onto the TPE as she was heading for
Changi Airport. She was travelling at 60km/h. The speed limit on TPE was
90km/h. By way of clarification, the road the plaintiff took to join the TPE
was referred to by counsel for the defendant as “the slip road” and by counsel
for the plaintiff as “Loyang Avenue”. Both are referring to the same road. For
convenience, I have in this judgment followed the plaintiff’s description.

6 The plaintiff admitted seeing the lorry about 20m[note: 1] away but believed
it to be moving. The lorry was partially visible as there was a vehicle ahead
of her. After the motor vehicle in front of her swerved to the left, she
realised that the lorry was stationary but by then it was inevitable that she
would collide with it. Nonetheless, she had the presence of mind to swerve her
bike to slide under the rear of the lorry to avoid a direct impact of the
crash. Even so, she fractured her right humerus and injured her liver and
right kidney. She now suffers from right radial nerve palsy.

7 The plaintiff’s account of the prevailing traffic conditions and events that
swiftly flashed passed when she realised that the lorry was stationary right
up to the moment of impact is to be gathered from her answers to counsel’s
questions:

Q: So there was a car in front of you which swerved to [the] left before you
collided into [the] lorry?

A: Yes. That was also the time I realised that the lorry was stationary.

Q: After it filtered left you immediately collided into [the] lorry because
you were behind [the] car?

A: I tried to brake. I braked hard. I thought of cutting to [the] right but
could not because of oncoming vehicles from TPE. I thought of swerving to
[the] left but could not because of [the] vehicle behind me. It was the car I
overtook at “W”. If I swerved to [the] left he would have hit me. I had no
choice but to move forward. I rather go under the lorry than to be hit by the
cars.

Q: How soon after the car in front swerved to [the] left did your scooter
[collide] into [the] lorry?

A: Split seconds

Q: So you had time to make a conscious choice?

A: I already knew there were vehicles which I had earlier overtaken coming
behind me on my left. I thought of cutting through the island but I couldn’t
because of cars coming from TPE.[note: 2]

….

Q: When did you realise [the] lorry was not moving? How close were you then?

A: 3 or 2 car lengths. That was after [the] vehicle in front of me swerved to
the left.

Q: You were riding at 60 kmph at this time?

A: I was maintaining my speed.

Q: You couldn’t brake even though you were 2-3 car lengths away?

A: I didn’t brake on time.

Q: Is anything wrong with [your] brakes?

A: No

Q: Was it because [the] road surface was wet and you couldn’t brake?

A: I don’t know. I squeezed hard on my brakes. Moments later I hit the
lorry.[note: 3]

8 The three questions which are often asked in personal injury claims are: (a)
Did the defendant owe the plaintiff a duty of care? (b) If so, was that duty
breached in that the defendant had acted carelessly? and (c) If so, did the
negligence cause the plaintiff’s injury? Applying those questions to the
instant case, I am satisfied for the reasons below that the plaintiff has
proved negligence on the part of the defendant. The defendant was careless for
the plaintiff’s safety in the face of a reasonably foreseeable risk that she
might be exposed to injury. But on the evidence before me, the plaintiff
should, in my view, bear part of the responsibility on account of her
contributory negligence. I shall elaborate on this later.

9 Rule 6(1) of the Road Traffic (Expressway Traffic) Rules (Cap 276, R 23,
1990 Rev Ed) provides that subject to this rule, no vehicle shall stop or
remain at rest on a carriageway. Counsel for the defendant, Mr P E Ashokan,
submits that as the lorry had a puncture, it was permitted under r 6(2)(_a_)
to stop and remain at rest on an expressway. Under that sub-rule, the
defendant was to, as soon as is practical, drive or move the lorry off the
carriageway to the shoulder or verge on the left or nearside of the vehicle.
He was in the process of making arrangements by telephoning for assistance
when the accident occurred. It was not established how long the lorry was in a
stationary position and how long the defendant was standing on the road
shoulder before the collision occurred. I should imagine it was not long at
all. As for the Fire Safety (Petroleum) Regulations (Cap 109A, Rg 7, 2001 Rev
Ed) raised by the plaintiff, I am in agreement with Mr Ashokan that regs
35(1), 37(_b_) and 38 are irrelevant and merit no consideration.

10 It is not disputed that the defendant owed a duty of care to road users. As
the duty was owed, the next consideration is whether the defendant in fact was
careless for the plaintiff’s safety. Mr Ashokan submits that the defendant had
discharged his duty before leaving the lorry where it was. He had done all
that a reasonable man could do in the circumstances to avoid a possible
collision between the stationary lorry and oncoming vehicles from the rear. He
had taken precautionary measures to guard against the risk of injury to other
road users by leaving the stationary lorry on the expressway. The defendant
had used warning signals like a triangular breakdown sign and the hazard
lights were on.

11 Mr Ashokan submits that the plaintiff was entirely to blame for the
accident. She had failed to keep a proper lookout for traffic along the TPE
and in particular the stationary lorry with a puncture. If she had done that,
she would have seen the breakdown sign and hazard lights in time and taken
appropriate action to avoid the stationary lorry. The accident was in broad
daylight. It happened shortly after 12.00 noon and visibility was clear
although it had rained earlier and the road surface was still wet as indicated
in the defendant’s police report. Mr Ashokan picks on the plaintiff’s own
testimony that there were about six or seven motor vehicles in front of her
and none of them collided into the stationary lorry. The car immediately in
front of her managed to swerve to the left to avoid a collision. He submits
that it was the plaintiff who collided into the triangular breakdown sign
before crashing into the rear of the stationary lorry. The traffic police had
not taken action against the defendant. Instead, it was the plaintiff who was
warned by the traffic police for careless driving.

12 One issue of fact in dispute between the parties was whether or not the
hazard lights were on. The plaintiff was convinced that they were not turned
on at the time of the collision. I am not persuaded that the hazard lights
were on. First, when dealing with warnings to road users, the defendant only
mentioned the triangular breakdown sign. He omitted to mention the hazard
warning lights in his police report. That omission is curious as the defendant
said that both types of warning signs were important. The police report was
made at about 5.30pm on the same day of the accident, some five and a half
hours after the accident and he could not claim to have forgotten about such
an important piece of information. He did not in cross-examination give a
satisfactory reason for the omission of this piece of information in his
police report. An opportunity to remedy the omission presented itself when he
made a report the following day with the General Insurance Association of
Singapore (“GIA”). He did not correct the omission. He claimed that the person
at GIA had copied the police report. Second, the defendant said that the flow
of the traffic behind him was steady. He reduced speed and kept the wheel
steady to keep the lorry in the same lane. After the lorry came to a complete
stop, he put on the hazard lights before alighting from the lorry to inspect
the front tyre. That evidence sounded thin to me. It was illogical not to have
put on the hazards light earlier. The most obvious occasion to put on the
hazard lights must surely be shortly after he first felt that something was
wrong with his lorry as he was coming down the flyover. It would have been
necessary to put on the hazard lights then to warn traffic behind him that he
was experiencing difficulties with his lorry and that he was slowing down.
Third, Staff Sergeant Jason Soh Hui Kiong (“SSgt Soh”), who came across the
accident, only saw the hazard lights when the lorry was entering the road
shoulder. His testimony does not corroborate the defendant’s evidence. By
then, the lorry had moved away from the scene of the accident. The other
witness, Sergeant Mark Chow Chee Yen saw the lorry on the road shoulder but
could not remember if the hazard lights were on. On the other hand, there is
the plaintiff who was conscious after the accident. Lying underneath the
lorry, she could see the location of the hazard lights below the 60km/h
circular marking on the lorry. She was certain and unwavering in her testimony
that the hazards lights were not on. Overall, the plaintiff’s testimony was
more plausible compared to the defendant’s version and I find that the hazards
lights were not on at the time of the collision.

13 The significance of the hazard lights is that if they were on, they might
possibly have indicated to the plaintiff coming up Loyang Avenue slightly
earlier that there was a vehicle there that had stopped. In my judgment, it is
not even possible to arrive at such a conclusion that if the hazard lights
were on, they might have offered some warning to oncoming traffic from Loyang
Avenue. What is clear (and it is not in dispute) is that Loyang Avenue slopes
upwards until it plateaus at the top to merge with the TPE. So whether the
hazard lights might have offered some warning to the plaintiff climbing up
Loyang Avenue with a vehicle in front of her is difficult to say. Besides, the
hazard lights are located low, way down the back of the lorry to where the
rear number plate is, thus making them difficult to see if a vehicle blocked
the lorry as was the case here. There is also no evidence of the distance
someone in the plaintiff’s position riding her scooter at 60km/h would have
had of the first opportunity of observing the back of the lorry before she
realised that there was an obstruction to the road. Her initial view of the
lorry was of its top and that would not, and she confirmed it did not, enable
her to decide whether the lorry was actually in her path or not or was
stationary. If the hazard lights were on, would the plaintiff have realised
that the lorry was stationary well before the 20m mark indicated by her? There
is no answer to that question given the current state of the evidence. In
these circumstances, it is a neutral point whether the hazard lights were on
or off.

14 As for the triangular breakdown sign, it is obvious to me from the
defendant’s testimony that the sign was placed on the second lane of TPE on
the nearside of the lorry and about 25–30m away from the rear of the lorry.
That sign would only serve to warn oncoming traffic from the flyover. It did
not give any warning to traffic from Loyang Avenue. As far as the plaintiff
was concerned, she was approaching the lorry from Loyang Avenue and not from
the TPE.

15 This brings me to the next question which is the position where the
defendant had left the stationary lorry. There is no sketch map of the scene
of the accident. The scene of the accident was shown in a series of
photographs put before the court. The photographs were taken by the defendant
well after the event but they gave an idea of the scene from looking at the
photographs showing the direction in which both the lorry and the scooter had
been travelling. Needless to say, the respective testimonies of the defendant
and the plaintiff as to distances and the position of the stationary lorry are
entirely “guesstimates”.

16 At the hearing, the plaintiff recognised that she has to bear some blame
for colliding into the lorry. In closing submissions, her counsel robustly
argues that the defendant bears the entire share of the blame in that he
either (a) failed to remove his lorry to the road shoulder or (b) stopped at
an unsafe place instead of further along the expressway so much so that in
leaving the lorry at that particular spot, it was an obstructive source of
danger to anyone in the circumstances and conditions as they were at the time.
Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Benedict Chan, instructed by Mr Monoj Kumar Roy,
submits that the defendant’s culpability lies in leaving his lorry at the
worst possible spot where there is a confluence of roads formed by a merger of
Loyang Avenue with the TPE and where traffic from these two roads is allowed
to filter into one another.

17 According to the plaintiff, the lorry was stationary at the spot marked “Y”
which is a point beyond the chevron markings and sandwiched between the right
lane of Loyang Avenue and the left lane of the TPE. The lorry was closer to
the right lane of Loyang Avenue. Even if the lorry was on the second lane of
the TPE, Mr Chan argues that there was no reason why the defendant could not
have driven his lorry forward to the section of the road shoulder that was
about 50m directly ahead of the lorry. The defendant had agreed with Mr Chan
that from where he had stopped on the second lane, if he had continued going
straight to reach the end of this confluence of roads comprising Loyang Avenue
and the TPE, he would find himself next to the road shoulder. In so doing, the
defendant would not be required to manoeuvre his lorry across the path of any
traffic. It was an option known to the defendant but he chose to let his lorry
remain where it had stopped. It was a fact that the lorry could still be
driven for it was later driven to the road shoulder after the accident. Mr
Chan pointed out that there was no mention in the defendant’s police report
that the lorry tilted to its side; it was vibrating vigorously and the
steering wheel had tightened.

18 Mr Ashokan contends that the plaintiff’s version of the location of the
stationary lorry is incorrect. The defendant’s case is that the lorry was on
the second lane of the TPE. SSgt Soh, who found the scooter on the second lane
of the TPE, corroborates the defendant’s evidence on this issue. He also saw
broken pieces of the breakdown sign on the second lane near the chevron
markings. I agree that the stationary lorry could not have been where the
plaintiff claimed she saw it. I find that the lorry was left stationary on the
second lane of the TPE which is consistent with the location of the breakdown
sign.

19 The defendant was an experienced driver of seven years’ standing. He was
employed by Chuan Ann Gas Trading Pte Ltd as a deliveryman for 20 months when
the accident occurred. The defendant was on his way to his employer’s premises
when the lorry had a puncture coming down the flyover. He was familiar with
this route having used it a number of times a week. He drove on for a further
distance of 50m after he felt the lorry shudder. My analysis of the evidence
is that the defendant coming down the flyover deliberately drove past the
chevron markings as he was intending to head towards the road shoulder to his
left. What happened was that he was unable to cut across because of the
traffic coming from the Loyang Avenue slip road and he applied his brake to
slow down. As a result, the loss of the lorry’s momentum coupled with the flat
tyre made controlling the lorry difficult. That explains, in my judgment, why
he did not, contrary to the ordinary expectations of a reasonable person, stop
close to the chevron markings. He confirmed that he first felt something was
wrong with his lorry before the chevron markings. The chevron markings
separate the traffic flow from Loyang Avenue and the TPE and are themselves a
vantage ground for the stationary lorry to be noticed by traffic from behind
the lorry coming from the flyover and traffic from Loyang Avenue.

20 I ought to comment on Mr Chan’s submission that the defendant should have
continued driving directly ahead for about 50m instead of stopping where he
did and that he was negligent in not using this option. The question is not
whether the defendant could have taken his lorry to the road shoulder, or
could have stopped in a different position. The question is whether, in the
position in which the lorry was left, it was a possible source of danger to
other road users using the road in a way in which the defendant could
reasonably expect them to use it.

21 Taking into account all the circumstances and after hearing all the
evidence and submissions, I hold that the defendant must bear the larger share
of responsibility for the accident. In the position in which the lorry was
left stationary on the expressway, it was a possible source of danger to other
road users using the road in a way in which the defendant could reasonably
expect them to use it. The defendant was familiar with this stretch of road
and he knew that at the end of the chevron markings, traffic would commonly be
moving from left to cut across to right for Changi Airport and from right to
left to Bedok/Upper Changi Road. He maintained that although vehicles could
filter from left to right and _vice versa_ where he had left his lorry, they
could also cut across ahead of his lorry. The availability of an option does
not help his case. Although general visibility was good, depending on the
amount of traffic from time to time, which in this case was moderate, it seems
to me that the possibility, that an accident of some kind might occur and with
it potential injury to other road users, was reasonably foreseeable where the
lorry was left in that particular stationary position. Where there was a
reasonable risk of injury, a reasonable man in the position of the defendant
would have thought it necessary to take precautions to guard against it. The
so-called precautions taken could not guard against risk of injury. If the
plaintiff decided to overtake the stationary lorry, with road and traffic
conditions as they were (the plaintiff said that there were cars to her right
and left and bearing in mind that she was on a scooter), then she was
certainly exposed to some risk of injury from the driver of another vehicle
who failed to appreciate the situation in good time. The fact that other
vehicles had avoided the lorry is neither here nor there.

22 Mr Ashokan cited various authorities like _Ahmad Nordin bin Haji Maslan v
Eng Ngak Hua_ [1985] 2 MLJ 431, _Moore v Maxwells of Emsworth Ltd_ [1968] 1
WLR 1077 and _Kang Hock Seng Paul v Lee Teck Nam_ [2002] SGHC 308. I did not
find them of assistance. Accident cases are fact-sensitive and like all other
accident cases, the facts in the authorities cited are distinguishable from
the facts of this case.

23 I am of the view that the plaintiff did not keep a proper lookout as she
rode along. It was the plaintiff’s intention to get onto the TPE and
eventually to Changi Airport. As her counsel submits, she has to look three
ways: traffic coming along TPE on her right and rear as well as traffic ahead
of her. She should have slowed down on reaching the top of Loyang Avenue
instead of maintaining her speed. According to the defendant, the road surface
was wet. The plaintiff did not correct Mr Askohan when he cross-examined her
on this even though in her police report made more than a week after the
accident she had indicated that the road surface was dry. The plaintiff first
noticed the stationary lorry two to three car lengths away after the vehicle
in front of her had swerved to the left and, bearing in mind her speed and the
wet road surface, she was left with insufficient braking distance between
herself and the lorry. It was clear to me that the plaintiff was following the
vehicle in front of her too closely. At some point, she must have veered right
from my earlier finding that the lorry was on the second lane and also from
the tell-tale signs of the damage to the lorry. The damage to the lorry was
confined to the rear number plate and right rear signal light. It does not
matter to the conclusion I have reached whether or not the plaintiff saw the
breakdown sign or that it was she who smashed it to pieces. In my judgment,
the plaintiff had contributed to the accident by her failure to take
reasonable care for her own safety.

24 In apportioning responsibility, I have applied the test in _Podrebersek v
Australian Iron & Steel Pty Ltd_ (1985) 59 ALR 529 which I followed in _Ang
Kuang Hoe v Chia Chor Yew_ [2004] 1 SLR 696. The plaintiff’s damages would be
reduced by 40% on account of her contributory negligence. The plaintiff should
therefore have judgment for 60% of the amount of damages to be assessed by the
registrar. I reserve costs of the action to the registrar.

  

* * *

[note: 1] NE p 26 line 20

[note: 2] NEp37

[note: 3] NEp50/51

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

