Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Neo Corp Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd
and Another Application  
[2005] SGHC 167

Case Number | : | OS 1535/2004, SIC 1761/2005, CWU 2/2005, SIC 1741/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmund Kronenburg and Leong Kit Wan (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the company; Chan Kia Pheng and Shaun Koh Kang Ming (Khattar Wong) for the creditor   
Parties | : |  Neo Corp Pte Ltd (under judicial management) — Neocorp Innovations Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Company under judicial management subsequently wound
up – Whether right of action residing in judicial manager to challenge
transaction on ground of unfair preference or undervalue continues to reside
in liquidator once company wound up – Sections 227T, 329 Companies Act (Cap
50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

8 September 2005

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC:

**Introduction**

1 The present case raises questions with respect to the legal relationship
between two different regimes under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed),
albeit in a quite specific context. The two regimes pertain to judicial
management and winding up, respectively. The focal question that is raised is
this: Does a right of action residing in a _judicial manager_ to challenge a
transaction under s 227T of the Companies Act whilst the company concerned is
under a judicial management order _continue_ to reside in a _liquidator_ if
the same company is subsequently wound up?

2 To set the present proceedings in their context, it is best to describe the
various hearings as well as decisions concerned.

3 The company concerned had in fact been under judicial management, the order
for judicial management being made on 5 May 2004. Whilst under the judicial
management regime, the then judicial managers of the company had applied under
s 227T of the Companies Act by way of Originating Summons No 1535 of 2004 (“OS
1535/2004”) (on 26 November 2004) to set aside a floating charge created by
the company in favour of the creditor on 24 November 2003, who is in fact the
applicant in the present proceedings. More specifically, the judicial managers
alleged (pursuant to s 227T) that the floating charge was both a transaction
at an undervalue as well as an unfair preference.

4 Subsequently, however, a petition was presented to wind up the company
(pursuant to Companies Winding Up No 2 of 2005 (“CWU 2/2005”)). It is
pertinent to note that the judicial managers had not, however, seen their
application under s 227T brought to fruition.

5 The petition for winding up was granted. One of the orders in the winding-up
order dated 18 February 2005 authorised the liquidators to continue the
application that had been commenced by the judicial managers under s 227T. It
is pertinent to note, however, that no issues relating to this order were
either raised or argued before the learned judge who granted the petition, Tay
Yong Kwang J. I shall return to the significance of this point later.

6 Pursuant to the order mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the liquidators
of the company then continued with the original application under s 227T to
set aside the said floating charge by way of OS 1535/2004.

7 The events briefly described above constitute the backdrop against which the
present proceedings were initiated by the creditor in whose favour the
floating charge was created. The creditor, it should be noted, was not a party
to or represented in the earlier winding-up proceedings.

8 The creditor in fact brought two related proceedings that are the subject
matter of the present appeal.

9 The first (Summons in Chambers No 1741 of 2005 (“SIC 1741/2005”)) was for a
declaration that the liquidators of the company could not be authorised to
continue its action under OS 1535/2004 (see [6] above) and that the order in
the winding-up petition be set aside to the extent that it authorised the
liquidators of the company to continue the action just mentioned.

10 The second (Originating Summons No 1761 of 2005 (“OS 1761/2005”)) followed
from the first in as much as the creditor applied for OS 1535/2004 (see [6]
above) to be struck out.

11 I held in favour of the creditor in both the abovementioned proceedings. In
effect, therefore, I had answered the key question set out at the outset of
this judgment (in [1] above, in fact) in the negative. The company was
dissatisfied with my decision and has appealed against it. I now deliver the
detailed grounds for my decision.

**The procedural objections**

12 However, before proceeding further, I pause to consider the procedural
objections raised by counsel for the company to both the applications by the
creditor.

13 One objection was that both applications by the creditor did not state any
grounds or basis and that, on this basis alone, the applications ought to be
dismissed. Counsel for the company did not, however, pursue this point
vigorously and, in my view, rightly so. Looking at both applications, it
appeared to me that the grounds stated therein were clear, although counsel
for the creditor would have to elaborate upon those grounds at the actual
hearing before me – which is what they did.

14 Another objection raised by counsel for the company, particularly in so far
as SIC 1741/2005 was concerned, was that the one particular order (authorising
the liquidators to continue the application commenced by the judicial managers
under s 227T (see [3] above)) could not be “attacked on its own” and that the
entire order to wind up the company had to be looked at “as a whole”. Once
again, counsel for the company did not pursue this particular objection
vigorously. Be that as it may, in so far as this particular objection is
concerned, a vital point ought to be noted at the outset. And it is this: The
issues concerned are by no means easy ones and do require consideration. This
will become amply clear in the paragraphs that follow.

15 Another no less vital point follows from this, although this was (again)
not canvassed as such by counsel for the company. The various difficulties
were, most unfortunately, not drawn to Tay J’s attention during the
presentation of the petition for the winding up of the company. Indeed, the
_issues themselves_ _had not been raised at all_. They concerned, in fact,
very specific issues which (in turn) raised, as we shall see, a not
uncontroversial point of law that directly concerned the creditor in the
present proceedings. As (if not more) importantly, _the creditor itself_ was
not a party to the winding-up proceedings (see also [7] above) and there was
no evidence before me to show that the application to preserve the action was
served on it. There is therefore no issue of _res judicata_. To all intents
and purposes, the winding-up proceedings constituted a routine application by
the then judicial managers (and, as a result of the petition, liquidators).
Not surprisingly, the issues raised in the present proceedings had slipped
under the proverbial “radar screen”, not least because they had not been
“launched” in the first instance. Hence, Tay J did not in fact have the
opportunity to consider the issues in the first place. This bears not only
repeating but, in my view, ought to be underscored. The correct question, in
my view, is whether or not Tay J would have granted the order in question had
he been addressed by _the relevant parties_ on the salient legal issues that
were proffered in the instant proceedings that were commenced precisely for
the purpose of raising what are difficult and significant legal issues. And it
is to those issues that my attention must now turn as it is my duty to declare
what the law is in so far as these issues are concerned. It bears repeating
that what is raised, in the present proceedings, by the creditor’s/applicant’s
attack on the specific order concerned is _a discrete point of law that was
not canvassed by the relevant parties in the actual proceedings to wind up the
company and which it would be in the interest of justice to rule on in this
particular case_.

16 In the circumstances, I did not find any merit in the procedural objections
raised by counsel for the company. I therefore proceed to consider the
substantive issues raised by the parties. These centre, in the main, on two
specific provisions of the Companies Act and it would therefore be apposite to
set out the text of those provisions first.

**The relevant statutory provisions**

17 The relevant statutory provisions with respect to judicial management and
winding up, respectively, give us more than a clue as to why the appellant is
so concerned with the precise legal issue in these proceedings. The provisions
themselves are, respectively, ss 227T and 329 of the Companies Act.

18 Section 227T, which as alluded to above deals with the right of the
judicial manager to challenge a charge given to a creditor as an unfair
preference, reads as follows:

(1) Subject to this Act and such modifications as may be prescribed, a
settlement, a conveyance or transfer of property, a charge on property, a
payment made or an obligation incurred by a company which if it had been made
or incurred by a natural person would in the event of his becoming a bankrupt
be void as against the Official Assignee under section 98, 99 or 103 of the
Bankruptcy Act 1995 (read with sections 100, 101 and 102 thereof) shall, in
the event of the company being placed under judicial management, be void as
against the judicial manager.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1), the date that corresponds with the
date of the petition in bankruptcy in the case of a natural person and the
date on which a person is adjudged bankrupt is the date on which a petition
for a judicial management order is made.

19 On the other hand, s 329 deals with the same legal right of challenge in
the liquidator in the context of winding up. Not surprisingly, the rationale
and even language utilised in s 329 is very similar to that to be found in s
227T, and reads as follows:

(1) Subject to this Act and such modifications as may be prescribed, any
transfer, mortgage, delivery of goods, payment, execution or other act
relating to property made or done by or against a company which, had it been
made or done by or against an individual, would in his bankruptcy be void or
voidable under section 98, 99 or 103 of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 (read with
sections 100, 101 and 102 thereof) shall in the event of the company being
wound up be void or voidable in like manner.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the date which corresponds with the date
of presentation of the bankruptcy petition in the case of an individual shall
be —

(a) in the case of a winding up by the Court —

(i) the date of the presentation of the petition; or

(ii) where before the presentation of the petition a resolution has been
passed by the company for voluntary winding up, the date upon which the
resolution to wind up the company voluntarily is passed,

whichever is the earlier; and

(b) in the case of a voluntary winding up, the date upon which the winding up
is deemed by this Act to have commenced.

(3) Any transfer or assignment by a company of all its property to trustees
for the benefit of all its creditors shall be void.

**Counsel’s arguments on the substantive issues of law**

**_In general_**

20**** Counsel for the creditor’s arguments, put in a nutshell, were as
follows. The company concerned was originally under judicial management. The
judicial managers asserted the rights of the company pursuant to s 227T of the
Companies Act (reproduced above at [18]). However, they did not bring those
rights to fruition, as it were, under the judicial management regime. The
company was put into liquidation. It now fell upon the liquidators to commence
a similar action pursuant to s 329 instead (reproduced above at [19]). This
last-mentioned course of action would ordinarily have posed no difficulties.
However, counsel for the company has argued that to recommence proceedings
under s 329 would start time running against the company all over again.
Indeed, the company would be out of time in so far as its argument with regard
to an alleged undue preference is concerned (see s 329 read with ss 99 and 100
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)). He conceded, however, that only
one string to his client’s legal bow would have thereby been lost. There was,
nevertheless, a remaining string. The company is obviously dissatisfied that
it had lost the former string owing to my decision and has therefore appealed
against my decision.

21 To return, however, to counsel for the creditor’s arguments, there were two
basic (and closely related) reasons given as to why the right of the judicial
managers under s 227T cannot now inure for the benefit of the liquidators who
must therefore recommence a similar action under s 329 instead.

**_The language and purpose of s 227T_**

22 First, the language of s 227T is clear. If the provision applies, the
charge in question is “void as against the _judicial manager_ ” [emphasis
added]. The provision is therefore self-contained and limited in ambit to
proceedings brought to fruition whilst the company is under the judicial
management regime. The company concerned is no longer under judicial
management and, hence, the appropriate course of action for the (now)
liquidators to adopt lies under s 329 instead.

23 Counsel for the company had no real response to this particular argument by
counsel for the creditor. He basically asked the court to look, instead, at
the fairness of the case. If, so his argument went, the liquidators had to
recommence a similar action under s 329, the company would, as already alluded
to above, be out of time. This was not fair. He argued that, as a result, it
must surely be the case that the Singapore Legislature must have intended the
cause of action under s 227T to _continue_ in favour of the company _even
though it was no longer under judicial management but had been put under
liquidation instead_.

24 In response to counsel for the company’s arguments from fairness briefly
set out in the preceding paragraph, counsel for the creditor argued that the
judicial manager ought to have ensured that the proceedings begun under s 227T
ought to have been brought to fruition, even if it involved a request for an
extension of the judicial management order (as to which see s 227B(8)).
Counsel for the company, however, argued that the company could not be kept
waiting if it was preferable to put it under liquidation instead (which, in
the present situation, has happened).

25 Counsel for the company did, however, argue that the cause of action
resided with the company and that this was supported indirectly by the
Singapore High Court decision of _Cendekia Candranegara Tjiang v Yin Kum Choy_
[2002] 4 SLR 48 (“the _Cendekia_ case”).

**_Comparative analysis of legislation in other jurisdictions_**

26 I turn, now, to outline counsel for the creditor’s _second_ argument. It
was based on a _comparative analysis with legislation elsewhere_ and was
intended to buttress his first argument briefly stated above. In particular,
he argued that legislation in England (and, now, Australia) never provided for
an equivalent right of action to that which exists under s 227T of our
Companies Act for the administrator (the equivalent of a judicial manager in
the Singapore context). _Instead_ , what was provided for was the allowing of
an action commenced by a _liquidator_ under the equivalent of s 329 of our
Companies Act to _relate back_ to the time during which the company concerned
was under administration (the equivalent of judicial management in the
Singapore context). Looked at in this light, the judicial manager in the
Singapore context had, unlike his English counterpart, _already been equipped_
with a remedy on behalf of the company pursuant to _s 227T_. This, so he
argued, was why the _Singapore_ legislation, _unlike_ the English (and now
Australian) legislation, did _not_ provide, in its provisions under the
_winding-up regime_ (here, s 329 of the Companies Act), for a _relation back
to the time of judicial management_ (or administration under the English and
Australian legislation) that the _liquidator_ could utilise. Indeed, a close
perusal of the provisions with regard to winding up under the Singapore
Companies Act confirms that _no_ provision for _relation back_ in the manner
just described exists. Hence, counsel for the creditor argued, _having_ the
authority and power under _s 227T_ , the judicial manager in the Singapore
context ought to have brought the proceedings to fruition under that
particular provision instead of asking the court to “carry forward” or
continue or vest the rights _under s 227T_ in a liquidator if the company
passes, as it were, from a judicial management regime to one of winding up, as
was the situation in the present case.

27 Counsel for the company did not really address this argument, preferring to
rely, instead, on the argument from fairness which he had utilised in response
to counsel for the creditor’s first argument.

28 I turn, now, to consider each of these two main arguments by counsel for
the creditor _seriatim_.

**Counsel’s arguments considered**

**_The language and purpose of s 227T_**

29 In the apparent absence of any precedent directly applicable to the context
in the present case, it is prudent to commence with basic principles grounded
in logic and common sense.

30 It is important, in this regard, to note that judicial management on the
one hand and winding up on the other are two quite separate and distinct legal
regimes. The former is intended, in the words of the authors of the leading
local work, “to minimize the depletion of economic resources and to offer the
unsecured creditor a platform to make his view heard” (see T C Choong & V K
Rajah, _Judicial Management in Singapore_ (Butterworths, 1990) at p vii). The
learned authors proceed to observe thus (see _ibid_): “Unlike liquidation and
receivership, judicial management approximates legal hospitalization.” Herein
lies the fundamental difference between the two aforementioned legal regimes:
Judicial management, in the words of the then Minister for Finance, Dr Hu Tsu
Tau, during the Second Reading of the Bill introducing the scheme of judicial
management itself, “provides a legal framework that would, in a suitable case,
_enable the rescue of a potentially viable business and thus prevent a
premature liquidation_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (5 May 1986), vol 48 at col 40). The latter regime
(_viz_ , winding up) is the precise converse of judicial management – it
entails, literally, the entire process leading to the ultimate interment of
the company itself. Unlike the process of judicial management, that involved
in liquidation or winding up is not to attempt to revive and resuscitate but,
rather, to pull the plug on any lifelines attached to the company concerned.

31 The fundamental distinction between judicial management on the one hand and
winding up or liquidation on the other, briefly outlined in the preceding
paragraph, is of fundamental importance. More specifically, particular
statutory provisions furnishing powers must, as a starting-point, be presumed
to operate within that particular statutory regime – and that regime alone. It
would, in other words, require clear statutory language (buttressed by any
relevant legislative background and/or materials) for the court to find
otherwise. In the absence of such a contrary intention, the assumption must be
that the provision concerned loses all application and applicability outside
the four corners of the regime as delineated by the language concerned.

32 Looked at in this light, both ss 227T and 329 of the Companies Act,
situated as they are within the judicial management and winding up regimes
respectively _and_ dealing with similar situations (albeit in altogether
different contexts), must be presumed (as I have just argued) to operate
within their respective regimes only.

33 The approach just proffered is in fact supported by the language of the
respective provisions themselves. Section 227T(1), for example, refers to the
transaction concerned being “void as against _the judicial manager_ ”
[emphasis added]. The corresponding concept, as embodied within s 329(1), is
slightly different. In particular, no mention is made of the transaction
concerned being void as against the liquidator. Indeed, the precise language
utilised is that the transaction in question “shall in the event of the
company being wound up be _void or voidable_ in like manner” as that which
obtains under the Bankruptcy Act [emphasis added]. Leaving aside the somewhat
curious distinction in the respective legal effects for the moment (“void” in
the case of judicial management but “void or voidable” in the case of winding
up), it is noteworthy to reiterate that, in so far as this latter provision
(_viz_ , s 329) is concerned, the reference is to _the company, and not to the
liquidator_. This is an important point in the light of counsel for the
company’s argument to the effect that the right of recourse given to the
judicial manager under s 227T belongs to the company and that it therefore
passes _automatically_ to the liquidator upon the company concerned being
wound up. It seems to me that the position is the _exact opposite_ : The
difference in language, coupled (more importantly) with the quite different
underlying philosophies with respect to judicial management and winding up
respectively, strongly points to the right of recourse under s 227T being
_limited to the judicial manager only – and no other_. In other words, the
right of action is vested in the judicial manager and it is its duty – and its
duty and right alone – to ensure that the transaction concerned is avoided.
This construction of s 227T is in fact supported by the relevant background
materials, which I now consider.

34 I turn, first, to the Explanatory Note in the Companies (Amendment) Bill
(Bill No 9 of 1986). The relevant part (which refers to s 227S [the present s
227T]) reads as follows:

New section 227S deals with undue preference in the case of _a judicial
manager_. Any transfer of property or charge on property or payment made by a
company shall in the circumstances stated in the section _be void as against
the judicial manager_. [emphasis added]

35 The learned authors of a book already cited appear to adopt a similar view
(see Choong & Rajah ([30] _supra_) at p 107), as follows:

A framework is provided for examining and avoiding transaction which reduce
the pool of assets available for creditor distribution. It is interesting to
note that the law relating to fraudulent preference also applies to judicial
management. Section 227T provides that a transaction preferring a creditor, if
entered within three months from the date of presentation of a petition for a
judicial management order, shall be void as against the judicial manager.

36 And, in Walter Woon & Andrew Hicks, _The Companies Act of Singapore – An
Annotation_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Edition, 2004, vol 2), the learned authors
observe (at para 1209) thus:

Section 227T _exceptionally_ is taken from Aus 1981 s 348(1) and (4). It
enables the judicial manager to avoid undue preferences, fraudulent
settlements, etc. _See UK Insolvency Act 1986 ss238-240 for similar
provisions_.

Section 227T is _equivalent to s 329 in winding up, though_ the catalogue of
transactions that are avoided (ie “a settlement, a conveyance or transfer of
property”, etc) are different in the two sections.

[emphasis added]

37 Counsel for the company did argue, _inter alia_ , that it might not be
possible for the judicial manager to bring an action under s 227T to fruition.
In this regard, I accept counsel for the creditor’s argument (referred to
above) to the effect that the judicial manager could have applied for an
extension of time to bring the entire process to fruition. I also accept, as
reasonable and practical, his further argument that this was not a complicated
action that would lead to unwarranted delays. This last-mentioned point is
particularly important in the light of counsel for the company’s argument that
a situation might arise where it would be desirable to wind up the company as
soon as it is convenient. In any event, such an argument from convenience must
always be undergirded by a legal basis. If, as I understand it, his argument
was simply that the liquidators ought to be allowed to continue the action
under s 227T because it would not hamper the decision as to whether or not to
wind up the company, this argument would, with respect, be wholly one-sided in
nature. Not surprisingly, counsel for the company was asserting what was fair
in so far as his client and the company were concerned. He was asserting their
alleged legal rights. However, and this is unfortunately missed or glossed
over by many counsel, there are also arguments from fairness that can be made
in favour of the other party – here, the creditor. The issue is not simply one
of convenience to one party or the other without more. The issue is, rather,
the statutory intention (as embodied within the language and context of the
provision concerned). Thus far, it appeared quite clear that both the language
as well as context strongly supported the creditor’s construction of s 227T.
Indeed, there is yet another related reason why such a construction ought to
prevail.

38 The right of action accorded to the judicial manager under s 227T is a
special statutory right. As we shall see, a similar power does not appear to
have been accorded to the judicial manager (or its equivalent) in other
jurisdictions. Where such a right is specially conferred by statute, it must
be exercised in accordance with the strict language of the provision itself.
As I have already pointed out above, the language of s 227T is clear: The
right of action is vested in _the judicial manager – and no other_. A special
(especially statutory) right is a privilege and should not be extended beyond
its legitimate boundaries. And the obvious boundaries are set by the statutory
language itself. In my view, counsel for the company is proposing to extend
the scope of s 227T beyond what has been clearly laid down by the Legislature.
Section 227T, being a special power and right conferred on the judicial
manager, was not, in my view, intended to extend into liquidation. Indeed, in
so far as the winding up context is concerned, s 329 furnishes the liquidator
with similar powers to that which are accorded to the judicial manager under s
227T.

39 I have already alluded to the real reason why counsel for the company in
these proceedings is dissatisfied with this particular construction of s 227T:
If the liquidators were now to mount an action pursuant to s 329, the company
would be out of time in so far as the argument with respect to an alleged
undue preference is concerned (see also [20] above). However, such an argument
is neither here nor there. I have already stated that mere convenience to one
party cannot be a good legal reason to prejudice the other party (here, the
creditor). If the judicial manager ought to have seen the action commenced
under s 227T to fruition in the first instance, it cannot now be argued that
that had not been done and that the action ought to be “carried forward” and
vested in the liquidators. There must be a legal basis if such an argument is
to succeed. Unfortunately, there is none that I can ascertain. Indeed, even if
I were to accept the argument from convenience, it would be a double-edged
one. Would not the creditor be prejudiced if the company’s arguments in the
present proceedings are accepted inasmuch as it would have to deal with a
further cause of action that ought to have been dealt with earlier (by the
judicial manager) but was not? I do not think that general – and subjective –
arguments from fairness take us anywhere. This is because what is required is
a clear legal compass, which can then provide all the parties with unshakeable
guidance that is both objective and universal. Subjective arguments of
fairness are the very antithesis of this ideal. This brings us back full
circle, as it were. The issue is, in the final analysis, a legal one: Put in
the simplest terms, what is the proper construction of s 227T?

40 It is true, however, that, on my construction of s 227T, there is an all-
or-nothing result. Nevertheless, it bears repeating that if counsel for the
company’s arguments were accepted, an all-or-nothing result would equally
ensue – albeit in the opposite direction. In this regard, it seems to me that
a more nuanced approach might be appropriate. However, this must necessarily
be effected via legislative amendment. What does appear clear, however, is
that both ss 227T and 329 are by no means felicitously phrased. In the words
of a leading commentator (see Lee Eng Beng, “The Avoidance Provisions of the
Bankruptcy Act 1995 and Their Application to Companies” [1995] Sing JLS 597 at
648):

It is probably fair to say that the position is confused and convoluted. This
is not due to any objection to the rationale of the avoidance provisions, but
rather with the mechanics of rendering those provisions applicable to the
corporate context. The deficiencies of the present mode of importing the
avoidance provisions by means of sections 227T(1) and 329(1) CA [Companies
Act] would appear to be sufficiently serious to erase much of the attendant
advantage of rendering those provisions applicable to companies. In this
connection, the need for urgent legislative reform, and relatively
uncomplicated reform at that, cannot be over-emphasised.

41 There is much merit in the observations just quoted, especially with regard
to the specific issue that constituted the core of the present proceedings
(_cf_ also Woon & Hicks ([36] _supra_) at para 1209). It is suggested, in
particular, that one possible way forward is _for the Legislature to provide
the court with_ _a discretion, where it is just and equitable in the
circumstances to do so, to allow an action commenced by the liquidator under s
329 to relate back to the time of the actual transaction, even if this had
taken place prior to liquidation (for example, as in the present situation,
during judicial management)._ This would be consistent with the approach
adopted in some other jurisdictions, as we shall see below.

42 There is another possible alternative: The Legislature could provide the
court with a discretion to allow actions commenced by a judicial manager
pursuant to s 227T to vest in the liquidator upon the company being wound up
if it was just and equitable in the circumstances to do so.

43 It is true that the conferment of such discretion would entail some
subjectivity on the part of the court. However, courts exercise discretion
daily in a myriad of contexts, of which this would be one. What is important
is that the discretion must be properly conferred (here, by the Legislature).
In the absence of the legitimate conferment of legal discretion, the court’s
hands are (as in the present proceedings) tied. Nevertheless, the issue of
reform is clearly outside the purview of the present proceedings. A decision
can only be made premised on the statutory language in its present form and,
in this regard, the company’s arguments must necessarily fail.

44 I turn now to two specific arguments raised by counsel for the company, one
of which has already been referred to briefly earlier in this judgment (see
[25] above).

45 The first is counsel for the company’s reliance on the _Cendekia_ case
([25] _supra_) for the proposition that the liquidators of a company are the
persons empowered to control any action that has been commenced by the
judicial managers of the company. A perusal of the _Cendekia_ case itself
reveals that no such proposition can be drawn from the case – not even
indirectly. The case itself concerned the bringing of an action by a
prospective investor of the company against the judicial manager for the
recovery of earnest money that had been paid to the judicial manager after the
entry by the parties into a memorandum of understanding in relation to the
purchase of the company’s assets by the plaintiff. More significantly, for the
purposes of the present proceedings, it also concerned the bringing of a
counterclaim by the judicial manager. Shortly after the said counterclaim was
mounted on behalf of the company by the judicial manager, the company was
wound up. The judicial manager’s appointment was terminated as three other
people were appointed liquidators by the court. However, the (former) judicial
manager continued to act on behalf of the company in the proceedings in spite
of an unambiguous statement from the solicitors for the liquidators that he
had no authority to do so. The court allowed the plaintiff’s claim and
dismissed the counterclaim. What is germane for our present purposes are the
following observations by MPH Rubin J (at [55]):

Under s 272(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed) only the liquidator of
the company may ‘bring or defend any action or other legal proceeding in the
name and on behalf of the company.’ In the case at hand, the first defendant,
having commenced the counterclaim for and on behalf of the company, had no
further authority to continue with his action once his appointment had been
revoked and the liquidators had been appointed. The court was told that the
first defendant was continuing with this action because of his perception that
he might be held liable for possible negligence during his tenure of office.
In my view, such a perception as regards a contingency was not a valid ground
to continue with his claim, especially in the light of clear instructions from
the solicitors of the present liquidators.

46 In the event, Rubin J found that the conclusion arrived at above was
sufficient to dispose of the counterclaim “for want of authority and legal
standing” on the part of the judicial manager (at [56]). However, the learned
judge did proceed to hold that, in any event, the counterclaim failed on its
merits.

47 It will be seen that the _Cendekia_ case does not support the proposition
tendered by counsel for the company. What the case _does_ decide is that a
judicial manager has neither the authority nor legal standing to continue an
action on behalf of the company after its appointment has been terminated. It
does _not_ decide that the liquidator – or any other person for that matter –
can continue the action on behalf of the company. It did not, in particular,
decide, on the facts of the case itself, that had the counterclaim been valid
or at least viable, the liquidators could then have continued the action that
had been instituted by the judicial manager. Indeed, this decision affirms
_only_ the proposition that the _locus standi_ to _bring_ an action on behalf
of the company belongs (pursuant to s 272(2) of the Companies Act) to the
liquidator. Indeed, counsel for the company in the present proceedings
referred to this particular provision – in particular, to para (_a_) thereof.
It should also be noted that, in any event, whether or not the liquidator can
in fact continue an action begun by the judicial manager would depend very
much on the precise nature of the cause of action concerned and this would (in
the context of the present proceedings) depend very much on a construction of
(especially) s 227T of the Companies Act. This last-mentioned point applies
equally with regard to the next point (relating to s 272(2)(_a_) of the
Companies Act).

48 As just mentioned, counsel for the company also referred to s 272(2)(_a_)
of the Companies Act, which reads as follows:

(2) The liquidator may –

(_a_)_bring_ or defend any action or other legal proceeding in the name and on
behalf of the company;

[emphasis added]

49 I have already referred to the distinction drawn between judicial
management on the one hand and winding up on the other. The provision just
quoted refers to the fact that the liquidator may “ _bring_ ” an action in the
name and on behalf of the company. It does _not_ refer to the _continuation_
of an action previously brought by, say, the judicial manager of the company
as such.

50 In any event, the liquidator’s action must have a _legal basis_ – which,
_inter alia_ , depends on the precise language of the statutory provision it
is seeking to rely upon to found the cause of action on behalf of the company
(here, s 227T; and see [18] above). This brings us back full circle to the
construction of s 227T, which I have examined in some detail above, the
analysis of which will therefore not be repeated here again.

51 I turn now to counsel for the company’s reliance on an article referred to
earlier (see Lee ([40] _supra_)). In particular, he referred to pp 643 and 644
of that particular article in support of his arguments in the present
proceedings.

52 I read the article and, in particular, the specific pages cited in the
preceding paragraph closely. Unfortunately, I could find no support for
counsel’s arguments. Let me elaborate.

53 There were a number of propositions proffered by the learned author. First,
Mr Lee was of the view that if the judicial manager had successfully taken
active steps pursuant to s 227T to avoid the transaction concerned, that
transaction “must be treated as unwound once and for all” _in the event that
the judicial management order against the company is discharged_ (see Lee
([40] _supra_) at 643). In other words, it could not be argued that just
because s 227T utilises the words “void as against the judicial manager”, the
impugned transaction must then be “revived” against the company after the
judicial manager’s appointment comes to an end once the judicial management
order is discharged. This view is logical, sensible and just. The underlying
rationale of s 227T would be subverted or undermined by any interpretation to
the contrary. But it should be noted that, in such a situation, the judicial
manager has _in fact brought the action on behalf of the company pursuant to s
227T to fruition_. This is _obviously_ _quite different_ from the situation in
the _present_ proceedings. It is also interesting to note that the learned
author also observed thus (_ibid_):

Ludicrous and unworkable consequences would clearly ensue if _the efforts of
the judicial manager_ may be reversed by the other party to the transaction
once the judicial management order is discharged, not to mention that such a
chaotic state of affairs could not have been contemplated by the statute.
[emphasis added]

54 There is, here, more than a strong hint that an action under s 227T is in
fact within the province of _the judicial manager_ – an approach that is
wholly consistent with the approach I have adopted in the present proceedings.

55 The learned author then deals with a second situation. This occurs where
the transaction concerned is executory _and_ the judicial manager (for
whatever reason) chooses _not_ to initiate any action pursuant to s 227T. It
should be noted, at the outset, that this, once again, is _not_ the situation
in the _present_ proceedings. The judicial manager here _did_ initiate
proceedings pursuant to s 227T, _but did not bring them to fruition_ ; hence,
the order sought to _continue_ the proceedings in _liquidation_. Mr Lee’s view
is that, where the judicial manager in fact chooses _not_ to initiate
proceedings pursuant to s 227T, it does _not_ follow that the transaction
concerned ought to remain valid and binding as between the parties and is
therefore enforceable against the company in the event that the judicial
management order is _discharged_ (see Lee ([40] _supra_) at 644); the learned
author proceeds to observe thus (see _ibid_):

Such a result should not be permitted. A company which successfully _emerges
from_ judicial management as a going concern should not be suddenly and
immediately saddled with a liability which could aggravate its precarious
position and undo the benefits of the judicial management. _It may be true
that, in the alternative scenario where a company goes into liquidation
immediately or shortly after the discharge of the judicial management order,
the liquidator will probably challenge the transaction in any event. However,
in mounting such a challenge, the period of the judicial management would have
to be taken into account in determining whether the transaction took place at
the relevant time and this may substantially prejudice the chances of the
transaction having taken place at the relevant time. It should be noted that
the normal minimum period for judicial management is 6 months, a period which
is not insubstantial_. Indeed, the relevant time for a unfair preference which
is not a transaction at an undervalue is any time within 6 months ending with
the date of the presentation of the winding up petition. _In cases involving
this type of transaction, therefore, the interposition of the judicial
management period would effectively mean that the transaction would not have
taken place at the relevant time._ [emphasis added]

56 It would appear that the learned author’s views with regard to this second
situation might lend some support to counsel for the company in so far as they
suggest that an existing, _but inchoate_ , action under s 227T _continues_ to
subsist _even after the judicial management order has been discharged_.
_However_ , it should be noted, first, that the learned author _acknowledges
at the outset that there is, notwithstanding his own preferred view, a
diametrically opposed view._ _More importantly_ , it should be noted that this
particular situation is not only literally but also legally different in the
following way. The company is, _ex hypothesi_ , financially viable once again,
having emerged from judicial management. There is, therefore, no reason in
principle why its inchoate cause of action that existed during judicial
management ought to be scotched simply by virtue of the fact that the judicial
manager had initiated no proceedings pursuant to s 227T. _However, the
situation is quite different from that which obtains where the company
proceeds from judicial management to liquidation – which is precisely the
situation in the present case. In this regard, it is very important to note
that the learned author nowhere states that, if the company were to be wound
up, the liquidator would be able to avail itself of the timelines in the
manner in which counsel for the company in the present proceedings is arguing
for._ Indeed, there is no legal impediment whatsoever in the liquidators in
the _present_ proceedings initiating similar proceedings, albeit under _s
329_. As I have already pointed out (at [20] and [39] above), the liquidators
in the present case would be out of time if it recommenced proceedings _qua_
liquidator under s 329 in so far as the potential cause of action with regard
to an alleged undue preference is concerned. It would, as I have also
observed, be able to recommence proceedings (again, under s 329) with regard
to an alleged sale at an undervalue. However, it would then possess only one
legal string to its bow, instead of two.

57 _Therefore, the key issue,_ in my view, is whether or not the author of the
article cited _supports the further proposition_ to the effect that, _in
addition_ to retaining its right to challenge a transaction _upon emerging out
of judicial management_ , the company _also has the legal right to avail
itself of all timelines it would have had had the action been commenced
pursuant to s 227T in the quite different situation where the company goes
into liquidation instead_. At this juncture, a close perusal of the passage in
the article which was quoted at length in the preceding paragraph reveals, in
my view, that the learned author appears to be expressing a _quite different_
view. This is especially evident in the italicised words quoted above, which
suggest that the company must take the benefit together with the burden, so to
speak, _in precisely the situation we are presently faced with, viz_ , a
situation where the company has in fact gone _into_ liquidation. In other
words, the liquidator will have to abide by the applicable timelines should it
choose to commence an action after the company concerned has been wound up
(presumably, under s 329). This is, indeed, the plain meaning of the passage
quoted above, especially in so far as the italicised words are concerned (at
[55]). To put it simply, the article cited by counsel for the company
_supports_ , in point of fact, _the approach taken by this court._

58 I should add, for the sake of completeness, that in the situation which was
the focus of the passage quoted (at [55] above), _viz_ , one where the
judicial manager had not commenced proceedings at all pursuant to s 227T,
there appear to be no time constraints where the company subsequently
commences proceedings instead. _However_ , as I have been at pains to point
out (because this is such a fundamental point in the present proceedings),
this is _not_ the situation here. In the first instance, the judicial manager
had in fact _commenced_ proceedings pursuant to s 227T, although they were not
brought to fruition prior to the company being wound up. More importantly, the
company has been wound up and, in this regard, therefore, any proceedings in a
similar vein will be governed by _s 329_. This is, as I have also been at
pains to emphasise, _quite different_ from a situation where the company has
emerged _from_ judicial management.

59 I should add that my approach is supported by what is apparently the only
Commonwealth precedent that is closest in factual context as well as legal
relevance to the present proceedings. Indeed, as we shall see, this particular
decision goes _further_ in so far as it is authority that militates against
even the views expressed in the article just considered with regard to a
situation where _no_ action whatsoever has been taken by the judicial manager
under the equivalent of s 227T of our Act, for the simple reason that the
factual context of this case was precisely one of inaction on the part of the
judicial manager during the period of judicial management itself (and see [61]
below). In the decision of the Full Court in the Queensland decision of _Re An
Application by J G A Tucker and Reid Murray Developments (Qld) Pty Ltd_ [1969]
Qd R 193 (“ _Tucker_ ”), the main issue centred around the construction of a
predecessor provision of s 348 of the Australian Companies Act 1981 (Cth),
which was (in turn) a provision from which our own s 227T was derived. This
was s 206 of the Companies Acts 1961–1964, which read as follows:

(1) Every disposition of its property, which if made by an individual would in
the event of his bankruptcy be void or voidable, shall, if made by a company
placed under official management and unable to pay all its debts, be void or
voidable in like manner and the provisions of the law relating to the estates
of bankrupt persons shall with such adaptations as are necessary apply to such
a disposition.

(2) For the purposes of this section the date of the passing of the resolution
by the creditors appointing the official manager shall be deemed to be the
date which corresponds with the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy
petition in the case of an individual.

60 It is important to note, in my view, that there was (in that same Act) also
an equivalent to s 329 of our Act. This was s 293 of the Companies Acts
1961–1964, the first two subsections of which read as follows:

(1) Any transfer, mortgage, delivery of goods, payment, execution or other act
relating to property made or done by or against a company which, had it been
made or done by or against an individual, would in his bankruptcy be void or
voidable shall in the event of the company being would up be void or voidable
in like manner.

(2) For the purposes of this section the date which corresponds with the date
of presentation of the bankruptcy petition in the case of an individual shall
be —

(a) in the case of a winding up by the Court —

(i) the date of the presentation of the petition; or

(ii) where before the presentation of the petition a resolution has been
passed by the company for voluntary winding up the date upon which the
resolution to wind up the company voluntarily is passed, whichever is the
earlier; and

(b) in the case of a voluntary winding up the date upon which the resolution
to wind up the company voluntarily is passed.

61 It was held, by a majority, that if there were undue preferences which were
alleged to have been effected within the meaning of s 206 of the Companies
Acts 1961–1964 _and_ the _official manager_ (the equivalent of a judicial
manager under our Act) _takes no step_ to set aside and recover the payments
concerned, it was _not_ competent for the court to make a declaration to the
effect that, _on a winding-up order being made_ against the company, the
_liquidator_ could _continue_ with proceedings _qua liquidator_.

62 It is true that the facts of _Tucker_ were different from those in the
present proceedings inasmuch as the judicial manager in the present case had
in fact taken initial steps to set aside the transaction under s 227T.
However, as we have seen, these steps were not, in any event, brought to
fruition. More importantly, in both _Tucker_ and the present case, the company
was ultimately wound up. In essence, therefore, the situations are, in
substance, similar. Indeed, in _Tucker_ , the creditors of the company had
passed a resolution that the company should, for a period of two years
commencing on 9 April 1963, be under the official management of Mr Tucker. Mr
Tucker was in fact appointed the official manager on 25 March 1963. As already
mentioned, he did not take any steps evidencing an intention to avoid any of
the impugned payments which were made between 25 September 1962 and 28
November 1962. On 30 May 1963, however, a winding-up petition was presented to
the court by Mr Tucker and a winding-up order was made pursuant to this
petition on 11 July 1963. Mr Tucker in fact became the liquidator of the
company. A special case was stated by Hanger J at the request and with the
consent of the parties for the opinion of the Full Court which, _inter alia_ ,
centred on the issue as to whether or not Mr Tucker could now, as _liquidator_
, take steps to set aside transactions, which steps were _not_ taken (pursuant
to s 206) whilst he was the _official manager_. As we have seen, the majority
of the Full Court decided that this was _not_ possible.

63 Lucas J, with whom Douglas J agreed, was of the view, first (at [59]
_supra_ 207), that s 206 (reproduced at [59] above) was “capable of
application to all companies which are in a position to be placed under
official management”; more to the point, the learned judge was of the view
(see _ibid_) “that the section includes in its scope companies which are ‘only
a little bit insolvent’”.

64 Secondly, Lucas J was of the view (see _ibid_) that the issue in the case
“depended upon the true construction of s. 206” and proceeded forthwith to
observe that “this is so in my opinion because s. 293 can have no application
to the matter” (see _ibid_). The Singapore equivalent of s 293 is of course s
329 of our Act. And this view is therefore consistent with the view already
expressed above to the effect that s 227T and s 329 of our Act, albeit
parallel in function, serve _different_ legal regimes altogether (see also H A
J Ford, _Principles of Company Law_ (Butterworths, 5th Ed, 1990) at para
1243). This point is, in my view, similarly expressed in a later part of Lucas
J’s judgment ([59] _supra_ at 209).

65 Thirdly, Lucas J expressed the following views (at 209–210):

The provisions of Part IX deal only, it is true, with insolvent companies. But
it is not contemplated by the legislation that companies which are placed
under official management are necessarily later going to be wound up.
Unfortunately, that is what seems to happen to most of them in the end, but it
is, I think, clear enough that the intention of the legislature, expressed in
general terms, was to grant insolvent companies a moratorium for the purpose
of seeing whether they could get out of their difficulties.

66 The observations just quoted are important because the dissenting judge,
Hart J, laid great store by the argument that s 206, although applying in the
context of official management, “is directed chiefly to the cases in which
winding up ensues” (at 202). Indeed earlier on in his judgment, the learned
judge observed, in a similar vein (at 200), that s 206 “is a section which is
directed rather to the winding up of companies than to their continued
trading”. Whilst this may be practically true, winding up is, as is evident
from the word “chiefly” itself, not inevitable. Indeed, as has already been
pointed out, the _raison d’être_ with respect to judicial management and
winding up, respectively, are quite different (see [30] above). As Lucas J
himself put it, in similar vein, in _Tucker_ after outlining the essential
elements of official management, “[n]othing could be more different from a
liquidation” (see at 210; see also J O’Donovan, _The Law of Company
Liquidation_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 3rd Ed, 1987); dealing with the
relevant statutory provisions at p 9). I wholly agree and, with respect,
disagree with the views of the dissenting judge, Hart J, who was of the view
that ([59] _supra_ at 199) that “it could be a mistake to regard part IX
[dealing with official management] as a ‘statutory island’”.

67 Fourthly, Lucas J observed thus (_id_ at 211):

The section [s 206] does not on its face say that it may be used by a
liquidator, in a supervening winding up of the company, for the purpose of
recovering preferences which were given more than six months before the
presentation of the winding up petition. _I can find no words in s. 206 which
would give it this meaning. On the contrary, it seems to me that the use of
the words “in like manner” indicates that, since this is a section dealing
with official management, which comes between two sections which deal
specifically with the official manager’s powers and duties, the intention is
that the dispositions of property to which the section applies are to be
voidable as against the official manager, just as s. 95 [of the Bankruptcy
Act] provides expressly that preferences are void as against the trustee. It
does not seem to me that the section gives to anybody else the right to avoid
such dispositions._ [emphasis added]

68 Indeed, comparing the text of s 206 (reproduced at [59] above) with our own
s 227T (reproduced above at [18]), in particular the express reference in s
227T itself to “the judicial manager”, the reasoning above applies, _a
fortiori_ , in the Singapore context.

69 I now turn to consider briefly the dissenting judgment of Hart J. In
addition to emphasising the fact that the official management regime was
directed primarily at winding up (see [66] above), the learned judge was
particularly concerned with the (related) point that “the aim of the law as to
preferences in bankruptcy has always been equality amongst creditors, of
insolvent persons” (see [59] _supra_ at 200; see also at 201, 203 and 205).
This argument is, in my view, more than amply answered by Lucas J in the same
case, where the learned judge observed (at 211–212) thus:

_First_ , I do not think that there is any real violation of the principle [of
equality of treatment of creditors]. One of the objects of Part IX seems to me
the _postponement_ of payment of the debts of the company’s pre-existing
creditors. The construction which I propose ensures equality of treatment of
such creditors by compelling those of them who have received preferences to
bring the money so received into the common fund. _But secondly, if the
principle is indeed violated, so be it. It is a matter of finding out what the
section means; if what it means does violence to an established principle,
that is a matter for the legislature and not for the Court._ [emphasis added]

70 As I have argued in some detail above, the language as well as _raison
d’être_ of s 227T appear to me to be more than clear. Indeed, as I have
already pointed out, the construction I have adopted is based on even clearer
language than that found in the provision considered by the court in _Tucker_
, which court in fact adopted the same approach as that which I have suggested
in the present proceedings.

**_Legislation in other jurisdictions_**

71 I turn now to the argument from comparative legislation. Counsel for the
creditor referred, in particular, to s 240(3) of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c
45). Section 240 itself reads as follows:

**“Relevant time” under ss. 238, 239.**

**240 —**(1) Subject to the next subsection, the time at which a company
enters into a transaction at an undervalue or gives a preference is a relevant
time if the transaction is entered into, or the preference given —

(_a_) in the case of a transaction at an undervalue or of a preference which
is given to a person who is connected with the company (otherwise than by
reason only of being its employee), at a time in the period of 2 years ending
with the onset of insolvency (which expression is defined below),

(_b_) in the case of a preference which is not such a transaction and is not
so given, at a time in the period of 6 months ending with the onset of
insolvency, and

(_c_) in either case, at a time between the presentation of a petition for the
making of an administration order in relation to the company and the making of
such an order on that petition.

(2) Where a company enters into a transaction at an undervalue or gives a
preference at a time mentioned in subsection (1)_(a)_ or _(b)_ , that time is
not a relevant time for the purposes of section 238 or 239 unless the company
—

(_a_) is at that time unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section
123 in Chapter VI of Part IV, or

(_b_) becomes unable to pay its debts within the meaning of that section in
consequence of the transaction or preference;

but the requirements of this subsection are presumed to be satisfied, unless
the contrary is shown, in relation to any transaction at an undervalue which
is entered into by a company with a person who is connected with the company.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (1), the onset of insolvency is —

(a) _in a case where section 238 or 239 applies by reason of the making of an
administration order or of a company going into liquidation immediately upon
the discharge of an administration order, the date of the presentation of the
petition on which the administration order was made, and_

_(b)_ in a case where the section applies by reason of a company going into
liquidation at any other time, the date of the commencement of winding up.

[emphasis added]

72 As counsel for the creditor, correctly in my view, argued, the “relation
back” afforded to the liquidator of a company in the UK context was necessary
because the administrator had not been accorded any specific powers similar to
those accorded to its legal analogue in the Singapore context (_viz_ , the
judicial manager) pursuant to s 227T of the Singapore Companies Act.

73 Finally, although s 227T was derived, in part at least, from s 348 of the
Australian Companies Act 1981(Cth) (see [36] above; s 348 was later re-enacted
as s 449 of the Australian Corporations Act 1989 (Cth)), the present position
in Australia appears to be similar to that which obtains in the UK. In this
regard, ss 565 and 588FA (read with s 588FE) of the Australian Corporations
Act 2001 (Cth) might be usefully noted (both sets of provisions dealing with
the positions prior to, and after, 23 June 1993, respectively).

**Conclusion**

74**** It is clear that both a literal as well as purposive reading of s 227T
leads to the conclusion that where proceedings have been commenced by the
judicial manager pursuant to s 227T, it is necessary that they be brought to
fruition by the judicial manager if they are to have any legal effect. If, as
was the case here, they have not, then the liquidator cannot, in my view,
continue the action initiated by the judicial manager, but must commence
separate proceedings pursuant to s 329.

75 Although it is impractical to restate the detailed reasoning set out above,
it might be useful to summarise the major reasons for my decision in the
present proceedings:

(a) The language of s 227T is both clear and unambiguous. It does not allow
anyone else other than the judicial manager to invoke the powers provided
under the provision itself.

(b) The legal regimes for judicial management and for winding up are,
respectively, different inasmuch as they serve different functions. That
judicial management might in fact lead to winding up is not, in and of itself,
a reason for equating the two regimes. Indeed, in so far as the situation of
_winding up_ is concerned, similar powers are provided for the _liquidator_
under _s 329_ instead.

(c) Following from (b) above, it is clear that the judicial manager has been
given a specific statutory right that has to be exercised by the judicial
manager and no one else. Such a right was not intended to extend into the
context of winding up or liquidation for which, as already mentioned in the
preceding paragraph, s 329 would be the appropriate provision to invoke.

(d) The approach adopted towards s 227T in the present proceedings is
buttressed by the decision in _Tucker_ ([59] above). On the other hand, the
_Cendekia_ case ([25] above) does not support the contrary approach suggested
by counsel for the company.

(e) The overall situation in general and that relating to s 227T in particular
could be made clearer and/or more nuanced, but this can only be effected by
legislative amendment (see [41] and [42] above).

Creditor’s applications granted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

