Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Standard Chartered Bank v Neocorp International Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 43

Case Number | : | Suit 92/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Maniam and Ong Pei Chin (Wong Partnership) for the plaintiff; Oommen Mathew and Genevieve Chia (Haq and Selvam) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Standard Chartered Bank — Neocorp International Ltd   
  
Banking – Lending and security – Plaintiff bank issuing conclusive evidence
certificate – Whether certificate arrogating to plaintiff bank sole right to
judge propriety of its claim against defendant borrower – Whether court
precluded from reviewing legal basis of plaintiff's claim  
  
Contract – Collateral contracts – Whether collateral contract existing to
limit terms of guarantee  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Construction of guarantee – Whether guarantee
should be interpreted in context of existing facts – Whether subsequent
conduct of parties and evidence of subjective views may be considered when
interpreting guarantee  
  

28 February 2005

V K Rajah J:

**Parties**

1 The plaintiff is a bank. The defendant is a public company listed on the
Singapore Stock Exchange. Pursuant to a guarantee dated 8 October 1999 (“the
guarantee”) the defendant stood as a guarantor for certain banking facilities
granted by the plaintiff to its customer, Ceramic Technologies Pte Ltd
(formerly known as S H Soil Works Pte Ltd) (“the borrower”). The borrower is a
subsidiary of the defendant, in which it owns 56.3% of the issued shares.

**Factual matrix**

2 By way of a facility letter dated 7 September 1999 (“the facility letter”),
subsequently amended by a supplementary facility letter dated 21 February 2000
(“the supplementary facility letter”), the plaintiff agreed to grant to the
borrower banking facilities. Both the facility and supplementary facility
letters were duly accepted by the borrower without qualification.

3 The banking facilities the plaintiff made available to the borrower
included:

(a) $4,500,000 by way of a term loan to assist with the financing of 58% of
the cost of a factory at Lot A167037 Tuas Crescent Mukim No. 7 Tuas (“the Tuas
Factory”), with interest at prime plus 1.5% p.a. payable monthly in arrears,
calculated on a monthly reducing basis, to the _debit of the borrower’s
current account_ ; and

(b) $750,000 overdraft in current account, repayable upon demand, _to assist
with working capital requirement_.

[emphasis added]

(In the facility letter, the $4,500,000 term loan was referred to as Limit 1
and the overdraft as Limit 2.)

4 In the facility letter, the security required by the plaintiff was described
as follows:

_SECURITY_

Securities for the above _Facilities and for Facilities which may be extended_
by the Bank to the Customer [_ie_ , the Borrower] from time to time:-

_For limit 1 [Term Loan] only_

1) Fresh all monies mortgage over an industrial property over Lot A 16037 Tuas
Crescent Mukim No. 7 [the Tuas Factory] in the name of the Customer.

Fire insurance policy covering the above property for the full reinstatement
value with the Bank’s interest indicated thereon including mortgagee, non-
cancellation and reinstatement value clauses and premium paid receipt are to
be lodged with the Bank.

A formal valuation by the licensed appraisers on the above property will be
obtained upon acceptance of this letter.

2) Fresh letter of assignment of all rights, titles and benefits of the
construction contract, insurance, policies, including contractor’s All Risk
Policy in favour of the Bank. [“Mortgagee”]

_For Limits 2) to 4) and Treasury Facilities_

3) Fresh guarantee for SGD1,500,000 on the Bank’s form, to be executed by
Presscrete Holdings Ltd [the Defendant], to be supported by an appropriate
board resolution and subject to the Laws of Singapore.

[emphasis added]

5 The facility letter, in addition, expressly stated that the banking
facilities were subject to the plaintiff’s Standard Terms and Conditions. The
Standard Terms and Conditions, _inter alia_ , stated that the facilities
approved could be “revised, amended and supplemented from time to time”.

6 On 8 October 1999, the defendant provided the plaintiff with the executed
guarantee and a board resolution also dated 8 October 1999 (“the board
resolution”). In the board resolution, the defendant expressly “[r]esolved
that the Company [defendant] _shall provide a Guarantee in the forms and
contents_ [_sic_] _as provided by the Bank_ in favour of the Bank”. The
preamble to the board resolution briefly referred to the facility letter as
follows:

Noted that

1) In consideration of Standard Chartered Bank (“the Bank”) agreeing to grant
banking and treasury facilities to S H Soil Works Pte Ltd (“SHSW”) _in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bank’s letter dated 7
September 1999_ , the company is required to guarantee the due and punctual
payment to the Bank.

2) The total liability of the Company as a Guarantor shall not exceed the
principal sum of S$1,500,000 together with interest.

[emphasis added]

7 I now turn to the guarantee itself, which includes certain clauses of
particular relevance for the purposes of the present proceedings. Clause 1 of
the guarantee, _inter alia_ , states:

I/We, the undersigned (hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantor”) HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY GUARANTEE the due and punctual payment to the
Bank, on demand, _as principal debtor_ and not merely as surety _all monies,
obligations and liabilities_ , _whether present or future_ , actual or
contingent, primary or collateral which are now or may _at any time hereafter
be or become from time to time due, payable or owing to the Bank by the
Customer_ …

_or in respect of which the Customer may be or become liable_ to the Bank on
any account anywhere, whether in or outside Singapore …

_or in respect of any other banking facilities whatsoever_ …

[emphasis added]

8 Clauses 3.1 and 6 of the guarantee stipulated:

Clause 3.1:

_This Guarantee shall be a continuing security for the whole of the Guaranteed
Obligations and shall in respect of each separate account of the Customer
cover and secure the ultimate balance of the Guaranteed Obligations from time
to time owing to the Bank by the Customer_ on each separate account or owing
in any other manner whatsoever and the obligations of the Guarantor under this
Guarantee shall not be considered as satisfied in whole or in part or reduced
by any payment of any particular sum or sums or any settlement of any
particular account in respect of any of the Guaranteed Obligations.

…

Clause 6:

The Guarantor hereby agrees and acknowledges that _the obligations and
liabilities of the Guarantor_ hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional
and, in addition to the other provisions hereof, _shall not be abrogated,
prejudiced, affected or discharged_ … _by any increase, amendment or variation
to any of the credit, banking or other accommodation extended to the Customer_
…

[emphasis added]

9 After the guarantee was provided by the defendant, the borrower was allowed
to operate the overdraft account from 15 October 1999. Subsequently, pursuant
to the supplementary facility letter, the borrower began servicing the term
loan in May 2000. In accordance with the terms of the facility letter,
interest payments payable monthly on the term loan were debited from the
borrower’s current account through which the overdraft facilities were also
being drawn on. The monthly repayment instalments of $75,000 on the principal
sum of the term loan were subsequently also debited from the borrower’s
current account as and when they became repayable. While the modalities for
repayment were not expressly spelt out in the documentation, it is
incontrovertible that the borrower acquiesced in this arrangement. In
addition, the borrower periodically made payments into the current account to
service the term loan instalments and outstanding interest. It bears mention
that at no time did the borrower make any separate payments or adopt any other
mechanism to repay the overdraft facilities, term loan instalments and or
interest; the sole operational account it had with the plaintiff was the
current account through which all moneys were paid in and out after the term
loan had been disbursed.

10 In June 2000, the borrower requested an increase in the overdraft limit
from $750,000 to $1m for a period of six weeks. The request was made during
discussions between Mr Khoo Boo Tat (“Khoo”) and Mr Tan Gee Shan (“Tan”). Khoo
held directorships in both the borrower and the defendant when the guarantee
was provided by the defendant to the plaintiff, while Tan was the plaintiff’s
senior relationship manager who negotiated the grant of banking facilities to
the borrower in 1999. The plaintiff acceded to this request. In August 2000,
the borrower requested that the increase in overdraft limit be extended for a
further two months, that is, until 8 October 2000. Once again, the plaintiff
approved the borrower’s request.

11 Towards the end of January 2001, the borrower reduced the overdraft balance
on the current account to just under $750,000. However, not long after, the
current account swelled again as a result of the borrower’s liquidity
requirements. By June 2001, the outstanding overdraft balance stood at $1.1m.

12 In January 2002, the borrower was placed under interim judicial management,
thereby entailing default under the plaintiff’s Standard Terms and Conditions.
Thereafter, the borrower’s indebtedness to the plaintiff on the overdraft
facility continued to augment, eventually exceeding $1.5m on 7 December 2002.
On 14 November 2003, the plaintiff’s solicitors demanded payment from the
defendant under the guarantee of the principal sum of $1.5m and interest
thereon. The defendant disputed its liability.

**The issues**

13 The plaintiff’s claim in these proceedings is for the principal sum of
$1.5m and interest thereon, as stipulated under the guarantee. The borrower’s
total indebtedness to the plaintiff on the other hand substantially exceeds
the amount claimed under the guarantee, given that it is indebted to the
plaintiff on the term loan as well as the current account. I should add here
that I use the terms “current account” and “overdraft facilities”
interchangeably.

14 Clause 17.1 of the guarantee, which authorises the plaintiff to issue
“conclusive evidence” certificates, states:

A certificate signed by any officer or solicitor of the Bank as to any amount
due at any time from the Customer [_ie_ , the borrower] and/or the Guarantor
[_ie_ , the defendant] to the bank in respect of the Guarantee (including the
calculation of any amount of any interest payable) shall, in any legal
proceedings against the Guarantor, _be conclusive evidence of the indebtedness
at such date_ of the Customer and/or the Guarantor to the Bank and shall be
binding on the Guarantor. [emphasis added]

15 A certificate dated 2 April 2004 was duly issued by the plaintiff pursuant
to cl 17.1 of the guarantee. This certificate asserts that as at 1 April 2004,
there was a sum of $1,712,938.36 due from the defendant to the plaintiff in
respect of the guarantee. This sum of $1,712,938.36 comprised the sum of $1.5m
together with accrued interest from 7 December 2002 to 1 April 2004.

16 The main issues for resolution are:

(a) whether the court is precluded by the terms of the conclusive evidence
certificate from reviewing the legal basis of the plaintiff’s claim (“the
conclusive evidence point”);

(b) whether the plaintiff was precluded by the existence of a collateral
contract from claiming any amounts outstanding on the overdraft facility that
were not utilised strictly for the borrower’s working capital (“the collateral
contract point”);

(c) whether, in any event, the broad terms of the guarantee should be
interpreted narrowly in the context of the existing factual matrix (“the
interpretation point”).

**The conclusive evidence point**

17 Conclusive evidence clauses were originally devised and inserted in
commercial documents to obviate cumbersome and painstaking inquiries to prove
outstandings on running accounts. Having received the judicial imprimatur both
in England (_Bache & Co (London) Ltd_ _v Banque Vernes et Commerciale de Paris
SA_ [1973] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 437) and in Australia (_Dobbs v The National Bank of
Australasia Limited_ (1935) 53 CLR 643), the clauses are now used pervasively
in all manner of documentation by all manner of businesses in common law
jurisdictions. It would appear, however, that the rationale articulated by
Lord Denning MR in the _Bache_ case for the acceptance of such clauses has
been tossed aside. He had tentatively observed at 440:

I would only add this: this commercial practice (of inserting conclusive
evidence clauses) is only acceptable because the bankers or brokers who insert
them are known to be honest and reliable men of business who are most unlikely
to make a mistake. Their standing is so high that their word is to be trusted.

18 Accepting this as the sole rationale for the legal acceptability of
conclusive evidence clauses would, however, make it difficult to justify the
upholding of similar clauses in other commercial matrices. I am not persuaded
that this is the sole basis on which such clauses ought to be accepted. Indeed
in a much earlier decision in the late 19th century, _Ex parte Young; In re
Kitchin_ (1881) 17 Ch D 668 at 672, James LJ observed:

If a surety chooses to make himself liable to pay what any person may say is
the loss which the creditor has sustained, of course he can do so, and if he
has entered into such a contract he must abide by it.

This was an observation of general applicability, not confined merely to
banking transactions. In _Lishman v Christie & Co_ (1887) 19 QBD 333 at 338, a
non-banking case, Lord Esher MR opined in relation to a largely similar clause
in intent:

The provision is a good business provision for the purpose of avoiding
disputes as to the quantity shipped where there is no dishonesty on either
side.

19 The real foundation for the legal efficacy of such a clause is contract. It
can be cogently argued that if parties expressly agree on the modalities for
determining a matter, such an agreement should be upheld in the absence of any
relevant public policy considerations. Indeed, this is the very basis on which
the court recognises and gives effect to arbitration agreements, conclusive
certificates of engineers and architects found in construction contracts and
experts’ decisions, among others. The High Court of Australia correctly
observed in _Dobbs_ ’ case at 652 that:

It is not possible for a contract to create rights and at the same time to
deny to the other party in whom they vest the right to invoke the jurisdiction
of the courts to enforce them. … Parties may contract with the intention of
affecting their legal relations but yet make the acquisition of rights under
the contract dependent upon the arbitrament or discretionary judgment of an
ascertained or ascertainable person.

20 This leads to two corollary issues: can the parties preclude a legal review
of the basis for the claim simply by inserting a term making the claimant the
sole arbiter of the existence of the payee’s legal liability? Is the court
only entitled to review the propriety of a “conclusive evidence” claim when
there is evidence of fraud or an error on the face of the demand?

21 In _The_ _Glacier Bay_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 370, the contract included a
stipulation that the claimant was the “sole judge of the validity of any claim
made thereunder”. The Court of Appeal observed that while it was somewhat
unusual to have such a stipulation, the agreement was in a form commonly used
in the international oil trade. The clause was upheld notwithstanding that it
was not a bank that invoked the clause. It must, however, be emphasised that
the claimant conceded that there was a duty to act fairly in making such a
determination. In other words, it was accepted that the basis of the claim was
inherently justiciable. The learned editors of _Law of Guarantees_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2005) observe at p 274:

It would appear, therefore, that even in cases where a clause of this nature
is inserted in the guarantee, for example one purporting to give the creditor
the power to determine whether or not there had been a breach of the principal
contract, _the Court would retain the power to review any determination made
by the creditor if it could be shown that he acted in bad faith or the
decision was perverse_. [emphasis added]

I am inclined to agree with this observation and to reiterate that a court
would be loath to construe such a clause as encapsulating an intention to
preclude any manner of review of the justiciability associated with and giving
rise to the claim. Indeed this also appears to be the position that the common
law courts took towards the applicability and efficacy of arbitral
determinations until statutory intervention circumscribed their role (_per_
Neill LJ in _The Glacier Bay_ at 377):

On questions of law, however, the Court will in general retain control and
will decline to allow the extra-curial tribunal to be the final arbiter on
such questions.

22 In _Bangkok Bank Ltd v Cheng Lip Kwong_ [1989] SLR 1154 at 1159, [19], it
was observed, _inter alia_ , “in the absence of fraud or obvious error on the
face of it, a certificate issued under a ‘conclusive evidence’ clause _is
conclusive of both the liability and the amount of the debt_ ” [emphasis
added]. The plaintiff contends that this _dicta_ constitutes “conclusive”
authority that a conclusive evidence clause invariably precludes any challenge
as to the propriety of a demand. For the reasons I have already outlined, I do
not agree. Furthermore, the relevant clause in that case provided, at 1157,
[11], that:

… any certificate by an officer of the bank as to the _moneys and liabilities_
for the time being due and remaining or incurred to the bank from or by the
customer or a copy of the account of the customer contained in the bank’s book
of account signed by any officer of the bank shall be binding and conclusive
evidence on the guarantor in all courts of law and elsewhere. [emphasis added]

23 In my estimation, the word “liabilities” in the clause appears to be
another abbreviated reference to “outstandings”. It appears to me that the
court, to the extent that it subsequently adverted to “liability” ([22]
_supra_), did not specifically contemplate the issue of whether this
particular clause precluded a challenge to the actual legal propriety of the
demand. In any event, even if I am mistaken in my reading of this decision, it
is evident that the court was doing no more than construing the clause at
hand. There was no intention to state a general principle applicable to all
such clauses. Axiomatically, the effect of any such clause must turn on its
particular wording – it is a matter for interpretation. I am not therefore
suggesting that a court would never give effect to a well-drafted conclusive
evidence clause in the event that such a clause purports unequivocally to
arrogate to a contractual party the sole right to determine issues impacting
on the other party. The point is that there will generally be a rebuttable
presumption in commercial documents that a party has _not_ agreed to confer on
the opposing party an exclusive right to determine conclusively _all_ matters
pertaining to an adversarial claim. This situation is separate and distinct
from one where the parties agree that a neutral party, such as an arbitrator
or an expert, should resolve a dispute. A party should not, generally
speaking, be allowed to use the fig leaf of a conclusive evidence clause to
make an unlawful claim.

24 In this context it is also helpful to refer to the Court of Appeal decision
in _Chip Hua Poly-Construction Pte Ltd v Housing and Development Board_ [1998]
2 SLR 35. The “conclusive evidence” clause in that case provided that any
demand under the bond should be conclusive that the sum or sums demanded was
or were due and payable. The court had little hesitation in summarily
dismissing a suggestion that the clause precluded a challenge to the propriety
of the demand itself. It opined at [15] of the decision:

We agree that … by reason of cl 8, a demand made under cll 1 and 3 is
conclusive that the sum demanded is due and payable. Clause 8 is conclusive as
to the amount demanded. _It is not conclusive as to the right of HDB to make
the demand and the validity of such demand. The issue is not whether the
amount demanded was correct but whether HDB were entitled to demand payment of
that sum in the first place. Thus, the question still remains whether the
demand was made in accordance with the terms of the bond_. It follows that
where a demand is challenged, as here, HDB would have to satisfy the court
that under the terms of the bond, and in particular cl 3, they can validly
make the demand for payment of the sum, as they did. In our judgment, under cl
3, HDB are entitled to call on the bond to satisfy their claim against Chip
Hua under any contract made between Chip Hua acting alone and HDB and not, as
contended by HDB, a contract made between (i) Chip Hua and another party and
(ii) HDB, such as any of the joint contracts. [emphasis added]

25 In the result, I do not accept the plaintiff’s contention that the relevant
conclusive evidence clause in the instant case precludes any inquiry into the
legitimacy of the claim. The clause as drafted refers to the “indebtedness” of
the defendant. This ought to be construed as a reference only to the quantum
of the outstandings being claimed. _The Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon
Press, 2nd Ed, 1989) defines the word to mean, _inter alia_ , “the extent to
which one is indebted; the sum owed; the actual debt”. The clause _ex facie_
does not preclude an inquiry into the propriety of the demand. Having so
decided, I then proceeded to examine the other contentions.

**The collateral contract point**

26 A party may rely on extrinsic evidence to prove the existence of a
collateral agreement: see ss 94(b) and 94(c) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) (“EA”). However, this will only be allowed in limited circumstances:

Extrinsic evidence is admissible to prove a separate oral agreement, as to any
matter on which the document is silent and is not inconsistent with its terms.
… A collateral agreement made contemporaneously with the written contract may
also be proved. … The court has regard to the degree of formality of the
document when determining whether the parties have concluded a partially
integrated contract …

See _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10 (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at para
120.331.

27 One must bear in mind that in pursuing this particular contention the
defendant is unable to rely on any exchange of correspondence, representations
or even negotiations with the plaintiff. Indeed, prior to the signing of the
guarantee, there does not appear to have been any meaningful communication
between the parties relating to the actual terms of the facility letters or
the guarantee. The plaintiff’s communications were with the borrower
exclusively. Nor is there any evidence of the common directors having taken up
any issues _qua_ directors of the defendant.

28 All that the defendant can rely on and has relied upon in pursuit of this
point is the facility letter and the board resolution. In its opening
statement the defendant framed the issue in the following manner: “whether the
plaintiff should be entitled to ignore the clear and unequivocal terms of the
bargain which was struck between the parties as contained in the Facility
Letter”. This contention conveniently sidesteps the inconvenient fact that the
facility letter was not addressed to the defendant. Furthermore, the board
resolution does not create a contractual relationship between the parties. In
any event, the board resolution itself militates against any finding of a
collateral agreement; it merely states, _inter alia_ , that “the [defendant]
shall provide a Guarantee in the forms and contents [_sic_] as provided by the
[plaintiff] in favour of the [plaintiff]”. To that extent it is amply evident
that the defendant signed the guarantee without any manifest reservation about
the terms of the plaintiff’s standard guarantee.

29 In the circumstances, there is no substance at all to the defendant’s
contention that a collateral agreement prevailed between the parties limiting
the terms of the guarantee. Given that the guarantee was signed after the
facility letter was issued, it is axiomatic that the defendant was not only
fully cognisant of the unqualified terms of the guarantee but had expressly
agreed to these terms when it executed the guarantee. The defendant was
staffed with experienced directors and managers who, had they wished to
qualify or modify the terms of the guarantee in any way, would have certainly
done so. In my view, the collateral point is clearly an afterthought,
creatively developed and deployed by it in an attempt to stave off its legal
liability. I should also add for good measure that the defendant’s
counterclaim for the rectification of the guarantee in these proceedings is
entirely contingent upon the existence of a collateral contract. Given that
there was no collateral contract, the defendant cannot even begin to meet the
standard of “convincing proof” imposed on a party seeking rectification: _Kok
Lee Kuen v Choon Fook Realty_ [1997] 1 SLR 182 at [45] and [49].

**The interpretation point**

30 This contention forms the second string of the defendant’s bow. In its
opening statement, the defendant postulated that “ _all the issues_ really
turn on the proper construction of the facility letter, the guarantee and the
board resolution”. The plaintiff however vigorously disputed this. It argued
that in effect the defendant was not merely seeking to construe the guarantee
but to contradict it; the defendant, it said, sought to restrict and
contradict the meaning of the phrase “all monies, obligations and liabilities”
which articulated its liability under the terms of the guarantee. The
plaintiff took the position that as the terms of the guarantee were
unambiguous, the court should not even deign to peruse the facility letter and
the board resolution in determining the extent of the defendant’s obligations.

**_Factual matrix_**

31 The broad contractual principles of interpretation and scrutiny summarised
in _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998]
1 All ER 98 have been considered and applied by the Court of Appeal in
_Pacific Century Regional Development Ltd v Canadian Imperial Investment Pte
Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 443. In that case, the learned trial judge had permitted
oral and affidavit evidence of “the mutual understanding that led to the
insertion of cl 11(E) as part of the factual matrix”: at [12] of the judgment.

32 On appeal, the Court of Appeal held that the learned trial judge had
erroneously admitted evidence of negotiation and the intent of one party to
the negotiation. The court stressed that the “factual matrix” which was
admissible in _Investors Compensation_ was clearly subject to the principle
that the law invariably excludes the admission of previous negotiations of the
parties and their declarations of subjective intent.

33 In _Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251 at
[39], Lord Hoffmann himself clarified the scope of principles he had so
succinctly summarised in the _Investors Compensation_ case:

I should in passing say that when, in _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v
West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896, 913, I said that the
admissible background included “absolutely anything which would have affected
the way in which the language of the document would have been understood by a
reasonable man”, I did not think it necessary to emphasise that I meant
anything which a reasonable man would have regarded as _relevant_. I was
merely saying that there is no conceptual limit to what can be regarded as
background. It is not, for example, confined to the factual background but can
include the state of the law … or proved common assumptions which were in fact
quite mistaken. _But the primary source for understanding what the parties
meant is their language interpreted in accordance with conventional usage: “we
do not easily accept that people have made linguistic mistakes, particularly
in formal documents”_. I was certainly not encouraging a trawl through
“background” which could not have made a reasonable person think that the
parties must have departed from conventional usage. [emphasis added]

34 In Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2004), the learned author summarises the legal position (after a review of all
the relevant authorities, including _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 1 WLR 1381,
_Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 and the
_Investors Compensation_ case) on the admissibility of the factual background
known to the parties at or before the date of the contract as an aid to
construction at pp 85–86, para 3.11:

_It may, therefore, be concluded that the admissible evidence of background is
limited to objective facts, and that save in exceptional circumstances those
facts exclude evidence of the negotiations between the parties, and direct
evidence of their actual intentions_. Further, the object or aim of a
transaction is something which the court must ascertain on the evidence. It is
not something which the court is able to determine from its own knowledge.

It is, of course, the case that facts which were not known to either party at
the date of the contract are not relevant to the construction of their
contract, for if the facts were unknown they cannot have played any part in
forming the presumed intention which is embodied in the contract. However,
where a fact is known to one party and not to the other, in theory it may well
have played a part in forming the intention of the party who knew that fact.
_However, unless a fact was known to both parties, it will not be admitted in
evidence, because what the court is seeking is not the actual intention of one
party to the contract, but the presumed mutual intention of both of them_.

However, _the court must be careful to ensure that the evidence of background
is used to elucidate the contract, and not to contradict it._

[emphasis added]

35 The plaintiff’s contention was that the sum total of the defendant’s
liability was to be determined merely by reference to the terms of the
guarantee. That is not entirely correct. It is settled law that “where words
of a written agreement have a clear and fixed meaning, not susceptible of
explanation, extrinsic evidence is inadmissible to show that the parties meant
something different from what they have written”: _Citicorp Investment Bank
(Singapore) Ltd v Wee Ah Kee_ [1997] 2 SLR 759 at [67]. Broadly speaking, if
the purport of a guarantee is plain from the terms of the document, extrinsic
evidence will not be admissible to alter, vary or contradict its terms (see
also s 96 of the EA). However the immediate events surrounding the giving of a
guarantee may be relevant and “admissible in evidence to determine the
existence and the application of the terms of the guarantee having regard to
the provisions of [ss 93 and 94 of the EA)”: _Citibank NA v Ooi Boon Leong_
[1981] 1 MLJ 283 at 282. Such evidence could be relevant in determining the
context in which the guarantee was given and to be interpreted; it must not be
applied for the purposes of contradicting unambiguous language, but rather to
see if there are circumstances addressing the alleged inchoate attachment of a
purported contractual obligation.

36 The matrix approach to contractual interpretation so succinctly summarised
by Lord Hoffmann in the _Investors Compensation_ case is in accordance with s
94(f) of the EA. It advocates a commercially-sensible approach in divining the
objective intentions of the parties to a document. This approach has the
requisite suppleness to permit a departure from the literal terms of a
document, where necessary, to allow the court to objectively find a rational
meaning contingent upon the proper commercial context. It cannot be gainsaid
that when parties draft contracts they do not usually expect the court to
indulge in excessive formalism. In the ultimate analysis, the task of the
court is to arrive at the reasonable meaning of the documents without
artificial rules that fetter its sole objective of ascertaining the true
intention of the parties. Substance takes precedence over form. This approach
also recognises the chameleon-like character of words, phrases and sentences.
They take their true meaning from their contextual usage and not invariably
from the dictionary. This commonsense approach is not, however, to be
interpreted as an unbridled license to import subjective expressions of intent
or to cast away established rules of interpretation which eschew reliance on
prior negotiations and subjective expressions of intent.

37 The terms of the guarantee itself, a formal document under seal, are plain.
The issue, however, is whether the plaintiff had, through the facility letters
which preceded the guarantee, not only conveyed but created an understanding
with the defendant that they would rely on the guarantee only to recover
overdraft facilities employed by the borrower strictly for purposes of its
working capital.

38 At this juncture, three pertinent points need to be emphasised. First, the
facility letter was not addressed to the defendant. Secondly, the portion of
the facility letter dealing with “SECURITY” is immediately followed by the
words:

Securities for the above facilities and _for facilities which may be_
_extended_ by the [plaintiff] to the [borrower] _from time to time_. [emphasis
added]

Thirdly, it was expressly stated that the guarantee was to be given “on the
[plaintiff’s] form”. It should also be noted a subsidiary caption intituled
“For limits 2) and 4) and Treasury facilities” (see [4]) immediately precedes
the term in the facility letter providing for the guarantee. This subsidiary
caption appears to form the linchpin of the defence; the defendant has sought
to establish that this caption conclusively restricts the scope of the
guarantee to cover only facilities utilised for the borrower’s working
capital. I rejected this contention.

39 It was clear to me that the intention of the facility letter was to confer
on the bank the discretion to rely on the securities for not only the proposed
facilities but “for facilities which may be extended … from time to time” as
well. There was nothing unusual or awkward about this arrangement. It is
common banking practice for banks to vary or amend facilities periodically.
The borrower was content to accept the facility arrangement on these terms. So
was the defendant. Indeed its board resolution, far from advancing the
defendant’s cause, actually undermined it. The resolution, after noting the
terms of the facility letter (see [6]) and reaffirming that the defendant’s
liability as guarantor “should not exceed the principal sum of $1,500,000
together with interest”, unequivocally states:

Resolved that the [defendant] shall provide a guarantee in the forms and
contents [_sic_] as provided by the [plaintiff] in favour of the [plaintiff].

40 It is hornbook law that material variations of the contract existing
between the creditor and a borrower (principal debtor) made without the
guarantor’s concurrence will release the guarantor: _Holme_ _v Brunskill_
(1878) 3 QBD 495. It is because of this principle that most bank guarantees
invariably include “variation” clauses. These clauses permit the bank to vary,
amend or modify banking facilities with the borrower without discharging the
guarantor. Clause 6 of the guarantee (see [8]) is one such clause. It is as
plain as a pikestaff that the defendant was by all accounts more than content
to have accepted liability on the terms of the plaintiff’s standard guarantee
form. Given the very clear terms of the guarantee (see [7] and [8]), it is
difficult to comprehend the defendant’s complaint, let alone sustain it. The
defendant was quite content to sign the bank’s standard guarantee; it did not
qualify its obligations under the guarantee in any manner; the guarantee
continued to steadfastly apply even in the event of any “amendment or
variation” to the banking facilities. Notwithstanding, the defendant’s real
complaint was that the term loan instalments and interest should not have been
debited to the borrower’s current account. This is an entirely vacuous
contention considering that the borrower had agreed to this arrangement. The
borrower itself had raised no objection(s) on receiving its regular bank
statements from the plaintiff. The borrower had, to all intents and purposes,
agreed to utilise the overdraft account not only for the purpose of drawing
money for its working capital but to service its term loan obligations apropos
the property. Surely this arrangement could not discharge the defendant from
its liability to the plaintiff. The defendant had expressly agreed in the
guarantee that the plaintiff and borrower could vary their arrangements
without any reference to it. The plaintiff’s right to vary the facilities was
further contained in the Standard Terms and Conditions (see [5]). To that
extent, I find the defendant’s contentions totally without merit.

41 The final illusive crutch that the defendant attempted to rely on in
seeking to limit the plain terms of the guarantee came in the form of the
plaintiff’s internal documents which appeared, at first blush, to indicate
that the plaintiff may have _initially_ intended to rely on the guarantee in
somewhat limited circumstances. Pertinently, the defendant’s witnesses
conceded that they had no knowledge of any such documents or their contents
and, more importantly, they never had any direct communications with the
plaintiff on these issues at all material times. As the defendant’s counsel
laboured at length over this issue, I should briefly state why I summarily
rejected these documents as evidentially relevant.

**_Earlier facility letter of 16 August 1999_**

42 Pursuant to this earlier document the only security for the facilities was
the mortgage for the property. This letter was subsequently superseded by the
facility letter. This was not disputed. In _HIH Casualty and General Insurance
Ltd v New Hampshire Insurance Co_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 161 at [83], Rix LJ
astutely observed in a similar context:

In principle, it would seem to me that it is always admissible to look at
prior _contracts_ as part of the matrix of surrounding circumstances of a
later contract. I do not see how the parol evidence rule can exclude prior
contracts, as distinct from mere negotiations. _The difficulty of course is
that, where the later contract is intended to_ supersede _the prior contract,
it may in the generality of cases simply be useless to try to construe the
later contract by reference to the earlier one._ … Therefore a cautious and
sceptical approach to finding any assistance in the earlier contract seems to
me to be a sound principle. What I doubt, however, is that such a principle
can be elevated into a conclusive rule of law. [emphasis added]

I respectfully agree with this observation. The only legitimate conclusion one
can draw with reference to the earlier letter is that the plaintiff’s original
intention as expressed therein was subsequently modified. Even assuming it was
relevant, it could not assist in the actual interpretation of the facility
letter.

**_Internal documents_**

43 These documents were a combination of documents that both preceded and
followed the execution of the guarantee. It bears reiterating that the
contents of these documents, unknown to the defendant, clearly do not form
part of the matrix: see [33], [34] and [36]. At the very most, these
documents, and in particular the documents that preceded the guarantee, would
reflect the plaintiff’s subjective intentions. It is settled law that such
documents are inadmissible: see [34]. The danger in relying on such documents,
quite simply, is that there can be many a slip between the cup and the lip.
The documents are inherently unreliable tools to employ in ascertaining the
objective intention of the parties.

44 In so far as the internal documents that followed the execution of the
guarantee are concerned, they are clearly inadmissible. In instances where the
contract is fully embodied in documents, the court ought not to look at the
subsequent conduct of either of the parties to determine the meaning of the
written agreement or to divine the parties’ original intentions. Such
documents evidencing subjective intentions are not only almost invariably
wholly unreliable but often also contain an element of posturing. Even if they
merely record the purely subjective intention of one of the parties
untarnished by imputations of posturing, they would be of little assistance.
In short, uncommunicated intentions or personal interpretations are
inadmissible. Indeed, even when such intentions or interpretations are
published or communicated, they remain inadmissible. A party’s subjective
construction of a document or its terms, except where issues of estoppel are
involved, cannot preclude it from taking a contrary position later. It is for
the court, in the event of a dispute, to determine the true meaning of
contractual documents objectively. In _James Miller & Partners Ltd v Whitworth
Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd_ [1970] AC 583 at 603, Lord Reid observed with
his customary acuity:

I must say that I had thought that it now well settled that _it is not
legitimate to use as an aid in the construction of the contract anything which
the parties said or did after it was made. Otherwise one might have the result
that a contract meant one thing the day it was signed, but by reason of
subsequent events meant something different a month or a year later_.
[emphasis added]

**_Liability under the guarantee_**

45 The defendant’s liability has to be defined by the guarantee itself. There
is no basis for suggesting that its liability was _co-extensive_ with the
terms of the facility letter even assuming _arguendo_ that the original
intention in the facility letter was to procure the guarantee solely for the
purposes of securing only overdraft facilities for the borrower’s working
capital. The terms of the facility letter themselves contemplated other or
additional facilities being secured by the guarantee. The terms of the
guarantee itself were explicit. While it is correct to say that common law
courts often strive for co-extensiveness between primary and secondary
liability, this would in the final analysis be dependent on the terms of the
guarantee. The learned authors of _The Modern Contract of Guarantee_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, English Ed, 2003) at p 292, para 5-91, incisively discern:

It is thought, however, that … the general principle of co-extensiveness would
lead the courts to strive for an interpretation which would make the
liabilities of principal and guarantor the same, _except where the instrument
clearly indicated that the “guarantor” has assumed a wider independent
liability_. This view is supported by the fact that, as has been seen, the
courts may construe a contract as a guarantee, even though it contains an
indemnity clause. [emphasis added]

46 I see no reason why a guarantor cannot assume a more extensive liability
than that contemplated in a facility letter if the terms of the guarantee
explicitly provide so. However, such instances would be unusual. This will
essentially be a question of fact. Most guarantors normally focus only on the
upper limit of their liability when they sign a guarantee. They do not query
or carefully consider the consequences and the permutations that may be
visited upon them by the other terms of the guarantee. Only when they are
called upon to fulfil their obligations do they raise, often upon securing
legal advice, the plaintive pleas of collateral contracts, conditions
precedent and the factual matrix. A court of law is not a court of sympathy
and cannot yield to contentions based on amorphous and usually unsupportable
notions of equitable justice.

47 In this case the liability of the defendant was not greater than that of
the borrower. Admittedly, the plaintiff and the borrower varied some aspects
of the original facilities arrangement. Notwithstanding, the defendant _qua_
guarantor continued to be liable under the guarantee, as it had expressly
agreed to such an occurrence. The defendant in this case admitted, through the
evidence of Chan Weng Kong, a director of the borrower and its finance manager
during the material period, that it had studied the guarantee “carefully”
because it had “a very prudent policy in extending corporate guarantees” given
its standing as a listed company. In the light of this concession
acknowledging full knowledge of the liability undertaken, I had to ineluctably
conclude that there was no substance in any of the grounds the defendant had
raised in these proceedings.

**Conclusion**

48 In the ultimate analysis there are just two questions to resolve. First
were the terms of the guarantee broad enough to embrace the plaintiff’s claim
in these proceedings? The answer is an unequivocal yes. Secondly, did the
terms of the facility letter and/or the board resolution whittle down the
ambit of guarantee? The answer is an emphatic no. In the circumstances, I
allowed the plaintiff’s claim for the principal sum of $1.5m and outstanding
interest, as reflected in its conclusive evidence certificate dated 2 April
2004, in full. As the guarantee provided for indemnity costs I also directed
that the plaintiff’s costs be taxed on an indemnity basis if it could not be
agreed upon.

Judgment for the plaintiff with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

