Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sie Choon Poh (trading as Image Galaxy) v Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd
(No 2)  
[2005] SGHC 127

Case Number | : | Suit 914/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Navinder Singh (Navin and Co) for the plaintiff; Adeline Chong (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Sie Choon Poh (trading as Image Galaxy) — Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd   
  
Landlord and Tenant – Covenants – Repair – Tenant claiming damages from
landlord for breach of covenant to maintain and keep in repair common areas –
Landlord relying on exclusion clause for damage caused in absence of
landlord's gross negligence – Whether landlord entitled to rely on exclusion
clause – Whether landlord's conduct amounting to gross negligence  
  

15 July 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Kew Chai J:

1 At an earlier trial, I allowed the plaintiff tenant’s claim for damages
arising out of the landlord’s breach of the covenant to repair: see [2003] 3
SLR 703. The Court of Appeal allowed the landlord’s appeal, ruling that the
issue of whether the defendant was negligent or not was joined, and remitted
the matter back to me for consideration of the issue whether on the facts, cl
8.1 of the lease applied so as to exempt the landlord from liability for the
tenant’s losses.

2 The material facts are as follows. The defendant, Amara Hotel Properties Pte
Ltd (“Amara”), was the owner of the shopping complex known as “The Amara” in
Tanjong Pagar, including a food court as well as several shop units. The
plaintiff, Sie Choon Poh (trading as Image Galaxy) (“Mr Sie”) took a lease of
a shop unit below the food court for a period of three years ending on 8
September 2001 under a lease agreement dated 28 July 1998. Mr Sie operated a
printing business at the unit.

3 The material terms of the lease for present purposes are as follows:

8.1 Negligence

The Lessees agree to occupy use and keep the demised premises at the risk of
the Lessees and hereby release the Lessors and their contractors and invitees
_in the absence of any gross negligence_ on the part of the Lessors their
servants or agents from all claims and demands of every kind _in respect of or
resulting from any accident damage or injury_ occurring in the Complex or the
demised premises and the Lessees expressly agree that in the absence of any
such negligence as aforesaid the Lessors shall have no responsibility or
liability for any loss damage or injury suffered by the Lessees (whether to or
in respect of the Lessees’ person property or business conducted by the
Lessees) _as a_ _result of any breakage leakage accident or event_ in the
Complex or the demised premises.

9.2 Quiet Enjoyment

To permit the Lessees … to have quiet enjoyment and exclusive possession of
the demised premises during the said term without any interruption by the
Lessors …

9.4 Maintenance of the Complex

The Lessors _shall maintain and keep in repair the Common Area_ during the
term of this Lease _inclusive of_ the exterior walls (other than shop fronts)
and all parking spaces roads pavements _water drainage_ lighting and other
common facilities and services Provided Always that the manner in which such
areas and facilities shall be maintained and the expenditure thereon shall be
at the absolute discretion of the Lessors.

[emphasis added]

4 On 19 April 2001, the T-joint of a pipe system carrying caustic effluents
from the food court above Mr Sie’s unit ruptured and caused widespread damage
to the machinery of Mr Sie. The T-joint, concealed within the ceiling in the
unit, was found to be in a severe state of corrosion, which led to the
rupture.

5 The issue for determination at this remitted trial is whether, as Mr Sie
asserts, Amara was “grossly negligent” and therefore disentitled from relying
on the exemption under cl 8.1 of the lease.

**Gross negligence**

**_The law_**

6 The term “gross negligence” as a concept is not susceptible of definition.
Nor is it possible to lay down a standard, derived logically from past cases,
by which a court can confidently rule when negligence should be deemed to be
gross negligence. This is because the circumstances giving rise to the duty to
act, including the duty to remove a potentially damaging or dangerous
situation, vary from case to case and they also vary in infinite degree. It
should be recognised that it is a practical impossibility that all the
relevant circumstances which point to the degree of the negligence involved
should be the same in any two cases that may arise.

7 But the meaning of the term within a contractual term is a matter of
construction and my task is to find the intended meaning. In doing so, I shall
consider the text in the context. The aim and purpose of the provision should
be seen in the light of its factual matrix. In a shopping and hotel complex
such as the Amara, where there are many shops and a food court, it is
understandable for the defendant to exclude liability for any damage caused by
negligence, however slight the dereliction of the duty of care. But what is
not so easily acceptable is the exclusion of the consequences of serious
errors.

8 How is a court to find as a matter of fact that there is gross negligence?
Obviously, the particular circumstances at play in each case have to be
examined and evaluated. Cases have shown that factors, such as notice or
awareness of the existence of the risk, the extent of the risk, the character
of the neglect, the duration of the neglect and, not least, the ease or
difficulty of fulfilling the duty (_eg_ , checking the condition of the pipes
in the instant case) are important, and in some cases vital, in determining
whether the fault (if any) of a defendant is ‘so much more than merely
ordinary neglect that it should be held to be very great, or gross
negligence’: see _Belanger v Michipicoten (Township)_ 31 MPLR (2d) 198 and
_Holland v Toronto (City)_ [1927] 1 DLR 99 discussed therein.

9 I am told by counsel that there is no local case which dilates on what would
constitute gross negligence in an exemption clause in contract or generally in
the law of tort. I therefore turn to cases in other jurisdictions for
guidance. In _The Hellespont Ardent_ [1997] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 547, the plaintiffs,
who had purchased tankers and incurred heavy losses on repairs and on their
operations, sued each of the five defendants on the ground that they were
grossly negligent and/or guilty of wilful misconduct in failing to arrange for
adequate inspection of Ardent class records and/or adequate survey of her
condition. The defendants relied on an exemption clause similar to cl 8.1 in
the instant case. Mance J held that the inspection of full class records was
an elementary step that any competent adviser fulfilling the defendant’s role
ought to have undertaken in the inspection and the defendant’s failure to
inspect them must be regarded as gross negligence. In construing the term
“gross negligence” in the contract, Mance J stated at p 586 RHC: “‘Gross’
negligence is clearly intended to represent something more fundamental than
failure to exercise proper skill and/or care constituting negligence. But, as
a matter of ordinary language and general impression, the concept of gross
negligence seems to me capable of embracing not only conduct undertaken with
actual appreciation of the risks involved, but also serious disregard of or
indifference to an obvious risk.”

10 _Great Scottish & Western Railway Company Ltd v British Railways Board_
2000 WL 389473 is another case where the term “gross negligence” appeared in a
contract. The British Railways Board provided, _inter alia_ , heavy
maintenance work and the repair of any damage to the rolling stock of GSWRC.
The Board excluded liability to GSWRC for any loss of or damage to property
owned, leased or hired by GSWRC, except to the extent that such loss or damage
or any severable portion thereof was caused wholly by the “gross negligence or
wilful neglect” of the Board. The UK Court of Appeal stated at p 5 as follows:

Thus, in the context of Clause 8.1, the words gross negligence take their
colour from the contrast with wilful neglect and refer to an act or omission
not done deliberately, but which in the circumstances would be regarded by
those familiar with the circumstances as a serious error. The likely
consequences of the error are clearly a significant factor. Thus, whether
negligence is gross is a function of the nature of the error and the
seriousness of the risk which results from it.

11 The trainman, in leaving a railway coach unscotched on tracks with a
significant incline, as a result of which the coach rolled down and rammed a
dining car causing extensive damage, was found by the trial judge liable for
gross negligence. The Court of Appeal confirmed the finding that the
trainman’s omission to scotch the state train coach was a ‘serous error’.

12 I now refer to the _Belanger_ case, _supra_ [8], a decision of Caputo J of
the Ontario Court of Justice. The plaintiff, aged 35, slipped and fell on an
icy patch of ground on the defendant municipality’s sidewalk on a Saturday
afternoon. The plaintiff suffered a severe fracture of her left ankle and
required surgery. She sued the municipality for damages, arguing that it had
been grossly negligent under s 284(4) of the Municipal Act, RSO 1990, c M45
(Can) for failing to remove the icy conditions on the sidewalk. She succeeded.
The court held that the sidewalk was dangerous and was a heavily-travelled
pedestrian walkway which the municipality was under a duty to keep free of
snow and ice. The municipality’s maintenance and inspection system, which was
not carried out on weekends, was arbitrary and therefore inadequate.
Therefore, the municipality was grossly negligent and was unable to invoke the
statutory immunity from the consequences of mere negligence

13 The _Belanger_ case is also instructive for its other relevant _dicta_.
Caputo J noted that the Court of Appeal of Ontario in the case of _Dagenais v
Timmins (City)_ (1995) 31 MPLR (2d) 196 rejected the defendant’s submission
that gross negligence required proof of misconduct that is wilful, wanton or
flagrant. Caputo J also followed _Holland v Toronto (City)_ , _supra_ [8]. In
that case, the Supreme Court of Canada allowed the appeal of the plaintiff who
was injured on a sidewalk. It explained the mischief which the legislature
intended to deal with. It was pointed out that owing to the heavy burden of
climatic conditions in Ontario it was considered too onerous for
municipalities to be held answerable in damages for every personal injury
sustained in a fall in winter on a slippery sidewalk, however slight the
negligence in failing to remove the snow and ice, the presence of which caused
the fall. The relevant section in the Municipal Act read: “Except in case of
gross negligence a corporation shall not be liable for personal injury caused
by snow or ice upon a sidewalk.”

14 At pp 102–3 the Supreme Court of Canada stated as follows:

The term “gross negligence” in this statute is not susceptible of definition.
No _a_ _priori_ standard can be set up for determining when negligence should
be deemed “very great negligence” – a paraphrase suggested in _Kingston_ v.
_Drennan_ (1897), 27 S.C.R. 46, which for lack of anything better has been
generally accepted. The circumstances giving rise to the duty to remove a
dangerous condition, including the notice, actual or imputable, of its
existence, and the extent of the risk which it creates – the character and the
duration of the neglect to fulfil that duty, including the comparative ease or
difficulty of discharging it – these elements must vary in infinite degree;
and they seem to be important, if not vital, factors in determining whether
the fault (if any) attributable to the municipal corporation is so much more
than merely ordinary neglect that it should be held to be very great, or gross
negligence. It is a practical impossibility that all the relevant
circumstances affecting the character or degree of the negligence involved
should be the same in any two cases that may arise.

**_The facts_**

15 The following facts emerged from the evidence. It was clear that the
inspection window of the failed T-joint pipe fitting had never been opened for
the purpose of assessing the pipe’s internal condition and the outcome of the
internal cleaning conducted by the contractors of Amara. In fact, on the
evidence led by Amara, it was clear that Amara had employed Dyna Jet Pte Ltd
and Powerman Services only to flush the pipe system and not to inspect the
condition of the pipe and the T-joints within the complex.

16 The evidence of Mr Sie’s expert, PW4 David Tay Yew Huat (“Mr David Tay”),
is as follows. His evidence was not available at the first hearing. He is a
materials and corrosion consultant. He conducted a failure analysis on the
leaked waste T-joint pipe fitting. In his opinion, the leakage was caused by
severe graphitic corrosion at the internal surface of the T-joint pipe
fitting. Graphitic corrosion had occurred over time beneath massive
accumulation of acidic waste matter formed inside the pipe fitting. The waste
matter had accumulated to an extent of severe constriction leading to complete
blockage. The morphology of the waste accumulation at the failed pipe fitting
showed that it had been deposited over time and the pipe had not been
maintained.

17 The failed T-joint pipe fitting was equipped with an inspection window.
Unfortunately this inspection window was never opened or used for assessment
of the internal condition of the pipe or pipe maintenance. The pipe system was
installed more than nine years before the incident. It follows that for nine
years the internal condition of the T-joint pipe was not inspected at all.

18**** Mr David Tay explained that due to the absence of maintenance of the
pipe section, a massive accumulation of the hardened waste had formed over
time. The hardened waste being acidic further acted as a corrosive medium
(aqueous form), which is conducive for graphitic corrosion. In Mr David Tay’s
opinion, which I accept, the thickness of the pipe fitting had reduced
significantly. Given the severe accumulation of waste, any pressure induced in
the pipe would cause a burst in this fitting, which was what happened at the
time when the t-joint burst, while Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd was clearing the pipe by
flushing a blockage in the waste pipeline located in the ceiling of the unit.

19 In cross-examination, Mr David Tay said that he had been engaged to assess
the condition of pipes by owners of hotels three or four years after
installation. Owners wanted to avoid sudden failures. He carries out about ten
inspections annually. The age of the buildings range from five to ten years.
At such inspections, he would establish the condition and integrity of the
pipes in terms of materials and thickness of the pipes. He would use the
“remote eye” to inspect visually the condition of the pipes and to check the
hardness of the steel materials or cast iron. A thickness gauge checks the
thickness. Mr David Tay also knocks the pipes to ascertain effective
thickness. If the pipe is corroded it would sound brittle. Access to the
internal parts of the pipes is gained through the inspection windows.

20 It would cost about $15,000 to carry out a risk assessment of a pipe system
such as that in the Amara complex.

**_My decision_**

21 In my view, Amara’s omission to carry out any inspection of the condition
of the pipe was a serious error. For more than nine years, Amara failed to
engage competent contractors to inspect the T-joint pipe which incessantly
carried acidic waste materials throughout the operating hours of the food
court. When the T-joint burst, the equipment and stock of Mr Sie were
extensively damaged. All that Amara caused to be done was to flush the pipes
whenever there was a chokage.

22 Accordingly, I order judgment with costs for the plaintiff against the
defendant and that damages as claimed in the Statement of Claim be assessed by
the Registrar.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

