Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## IA v Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2005] SGHC 229

Case Number | : | DA 30/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Teoh Lian Ee and Stacy Choong (Drew and Napier LLC) for the appellant; Liu Hern Kuan and David Lim (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  IA — Comptroller of Income Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Taxpayer incurring borrowing
expenses, prepayment penalty and guarantee expenses relating to financing loan
– Taxpayer seeking to deduct expenses against taxable income for years of
assessment – Whether expenses capital in nature – Whether expenses deductible
against taxpayer's taxable income for years of assessment – Sections 10(1)(a),
14(1), 14(1)(a), 15(1)(c) Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

22 December 2005  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 This is an appeal by a taxpayer company (“IA”) against the decision of the
Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”) dated 14 October 2004 in Income Tax
Board of Review Appeal Nos 6 and 7 of 2002.

2 IA was incorporated as a property development company with a paid-up capital
of $77,111,750. It purchased a parcel of land in the east of Singapore (“the
Land”) for development into a condominium project (“the Condo Project”) for
sale. The total purchase and development costs of the Land and the Condo
Project amounted to approximately $403m.

3 IA had obtained a loan of $113m from a syndicate of banks (“the Syndicated
Loan”) to finance the purchase price of the Land and the development costs of
the Condo Project. The interest rates payable on the Syndicated Loan ranged
from between 4.3834% to 6.25% for the relevant years. The agreement for the
Syndicated Loan expressly provided (at cl 1.08 and Sched 8 of the agreement)
that the loan proceeds could only be used to finance the purchase of the Land
and pay for certain development costs in connection with the Condo Project. It
was undisputed that the Syndicated Loan was in fact used to finance the
purchase of the Land and certain development costs. The Syndicated Loan was to
be repaid 48 months from the date of first drawdown of the land loan component
or 30 June 1997, whichever was earlier, but there was provision to allow early
repayment.

4 The total amount of interest payable under the Syndicated Loan for IA’s
financial year 1994 alone was approximately $4.9m. The Comptroller of Income
Tax (“CIT”) does not dispute that interest is deductible against IA’s taxable
income under s 14(1)(_a_) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“ITA”).

5 IA also incurred the following borrowing expenses in connection with the
Syndicated Loan (the “Borrowing Expenses”):

(a) |  Underwriting fee (based on 0.875% of $113m) payable to Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Limited (“Citicorp”) which acted as the arranger of the Syndicated Loan |    
$ 988,750  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Agency fee payable to Citicorp as the agent for the syndicate of lenders |    
$ 10,000  
(c) |  Facility fee (based on 0.125% of $113m) payable to Citicorp upon signing of the Syndicated Loan |  $ 141,250  
(d) |  Solicitor’s fees and disbursements in connection with the Syndicated Loan |  $ 98,946  
(e) |  Property Valuer’s fees for valuation of the Land and the Condo Project as required under the Syndicated Loan |  $ 23,914  
|  |  _$1,262,860_  
  
6 As at 30 September 1994, IA had revenue receipts amounting to approximately
$170m from progress payments made by purchasers of the apartments in the Condo
Project. This sum, which was more than sufficient to repay the entire
outstanding amount under the Syndicated Loan, was quarantined in the Project
Account for the Condo Project (the “Project Account”) as required under the
Housing Developers (Project Account) Rules (Cap 130, R 2, 1997 Rev Ed). At
that time, it could only be withdrawn if IA furnished a bank guarantee to the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) for an amount equivalent to the amount
to be withdrawn.

7 On 13 October 1994, IA obtained two bank guarantees for an aggregate sum of
$100m to secure the release of $100m from the Project Account which was used
to pay the Syndicated Loan earlier than the due date for payment. This
released IA from its obligation to pay substantial interest under the loan. IA
said it achieved interest savings of approximately $8m from this exercise.

8 As the Syndicated Loan was repaid on a date earlier than the next interest
payment date, IA incurred a prepayment penalty amounting to $15,570 (the
“Prepayment Penalty”).

9 In order to obtain the bank guarantees, IA incurred the following expenses
(the “Guarantee Expenses”):

(a) |  Aggregate bank commission for three years (based on the interest rate of 0.875%) |    
  
$2,605,750.00  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Aggregate agency fees for three years (based on the interest rate of 0.125%) |    
$ 383,100.00  
(c) |  Solicitors’ fees and disbursements |  $ 9,933.15  
|  |  _$2,998,783.15_  
  
10 IA claimed deductions under s 14(1) of ITA for (a) the Borrowing Expenses,
(b) the Prepayment Penalty and (c) the Guarantee Expenses (collectively, the
“Relevant Expenses”) against its taxable income for certain years of
assessment, _ie_ , 1998 and 1999. The claims were disallowed by CIT who took
the view that the Relevant Expenses were capital in nature and therefore were
not deductible. IA then appealed to the Board which dismissed IA’s appeals. IA
then appealed to the High Court.

**Relevant provisions in the ITA**

11 The provisions in the ITA which are relevant in the present case are ss
10(1)(_a_), 14(1), 14(1)(_a_) and 15(1)(_c_).

12 Section 10(1)(_a_) of the ITA provides that:

10—(1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be payable at
the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment upon the
income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or received in
Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of—

(_a_) gains or profits from any trade, business, profession or vocation, for
whatever period of time such trade, business, profession or vocation may have
been carried on or exercised.

13 Sections 14(1) and 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA provide that:

14—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any period
from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this Part
as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production of
income, _including_ —

(_a_) except as provided in this section, any sum payable by way of interest
upon any money borrowed by that person where the Comptroller is satisfied that
the interest was payable on capital employed in acquiring the income.
[emphasis added]

14 Section 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA provides that:

15—(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of –

…

(_c_) any capital withdrawn or any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital except as provided in section 14(1)(_h_).

**The Borrowing Expenses**

15 It was not disputed by CIT that the Land and the apartments of the Condo
Project formed part of IA’s trading stock. This was part of the agreed facts
before the Board. Before me, CIT initially also agreed that the Syndicated
Loan was to acquire trading stock. However, subsequently, while Mr Liu Hern
Kuan, counsel for CIT, was taking the position that the Syndicated Loan added
to the capital of IA, Mr Liu sought to retreat from the position that the loan
was to acquire trading stock. Bearing in mind the agreed facts before the
Board, I am of the view that it is not open to CIT to suggest that the
Syndicated Loan was not to acquire trading stock. Whether the Borrowing
Expenses are in the circumstances of the case capital or revenue is another
matter.

16 The Board said that it was not in dispute that the Syndicated Loan was
incurred in the production of income and that, therefore, the Borrowing
Expenses were “wholly and exclusively incurred” in acquiring the income under
s 14(1) of the ITA. The issue was whether the Borrowing Expenses were
prohibited from deduction under s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA. I add that the Board
treated the Prepayment Penalty as being of the same nature as the Borrowing
Expenses (see [51] of the Board’s Grounds of Decision). In reaching its
conclusion, the Board placed much reliance on English cases on the rationale
that s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA is based on the English Rule 3(f) applicable to
Cases I and II of Schedule D of the Income Tax Act, 1918, (“Rule 3(f)”). Rule
3(f) states:

In computing the amount of the profits or gains to be charged, no sum shall be
deducted in respect of … any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital …

17 In _EJ Bridgwater and WH Bridgwater v King (HM Inspector of Taxes_ (1943)
25 TC 385 (“ _Bridgewater_ ”), the appellants carried on business as public
works contractors and land and estate developers. As developers, the
appellants purchased lands which they developed by constructing roads and
sewers and selling plots as building sites. For the purpose of purchasing and
developing an estate, the appellants borrowed £15,000 with interest at 5% per
annum and £6,500 payable by way of premium or bonus. Subsequently, as the
lender was anxious to obtain repayment, it agreed to accept repayment with a
reduced premium of £4,000 instead of the £6,500. The Special Commissioners
decided that the £4,000 was not a proper deduction under Rule 3(f). Macnaghten
J decided that there was ample evidence to support the decision of the Special
Commissioners as the loan was not of a temporary character.

18 The emphasis on the distinction between a fluctuating temporary loan and a
loan on a permanent footing appears to have stemmed from _Farmer (Surveyor of
Taxes) v Scottish North American Trust, Limited_ [1912] AC 118, 5 TC 693.
There, Lord Johnston said in the Court of Session at 5 TC 693 at 698:

It may be well said that if money is borrowed on a permanent footing, as from
year to year, the capital of the concern is in a commercial sense enlarged
thereby, and the business extended, whereas no commercial man would consider
that his banking facilities were part of his capital, or the consideration he
paid for them anything but an expense of his business.

19 In the House of Lords, Lord Atkinson said ([1912] AC 118 at 127, 5 TC 693
at 707):

These authorities show that money borrowed by such a Company as the Appellant
Company in this case in the fluctuating temporary manner in which it has been
borrowed by them – the daily borrowing and lending of money being part of
their trade and business – is not to be treated under the Joint Stock
Companies Act as “capital”. There is nothing to show that the word should bear
a different meaning in the Income Tax Acts when applied to the proceedings of
Joint Stock Companies.

20 In _The European Investment Trust Company, Limited v Jackson (HM Inspector
of Taxes)_ (1932) 18 TC 1 (“ _European Investment Trust_ ”), a question arose
as to whether interest on loans was deductible. The General Commissioners
refused the deduction. On appeal, Finlay J upheld this decision. At 18 TC 1 at
9 he said that it was “thoroughly well established by a long line of cases
that [interest] is not deductible if it is in truth the interest on capital”.
At 18 TC 1 at 11 to 12, he said:

Now, here it seems to me that the principle may be stated in this way: if you
get a company dealing with money, buying or selling stocks or shares, Treasury
bills, bonds, all sorts of things, and if you get that company getting, as
such companies constantly do get, temporary loans from their bank –
accommodation, I suppose, for sometimes twenty-four hours, or even less,
sometimes for a good deal longer – if you get that sort of thing, then the
interest on that money, the hire, so to speak, paid for that money, may
properly be regarded as an expenditure of the business, an outgoing to earn
the profits. On the other hand, if the truth of the thing is that by the
payment of the interest the company does not obtain mere temporary
accommodation, day to day accommodation of that sort, but does, in truth, add
to its capital and get sums which are used as capital and nothing else, then I
think that in that case all the authorities show that the deduction cannot
properly be made.

The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal of the taxpayer.

21 The decision in _European Investment Trust_ in respect of interest on a
loan was abrogated by legislation. In England, s 130 (f) of the Income and
Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (“ICTA”) states:

130\. Subject to the provisions of the Tax Acts, in computing the amount of
the profits or gains to be charged under Case I or Case II of Schedule D, no
sum shall be deducted in respect of –

(f) any capital withdrawn from, or any sum employed or intended to be employed
as capital in, the trade, profession or vocation, but so that this paragraph
shall not be treated as disallowing the deduction of any interest.

22 In Singapore, s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA specifically provides that interest
upon any money borrowed by the taxpayer is deductible where CIT is satisfied
that the interest is payable on capital employed in acquiring the income. In
_T Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2005] 4 SLR 285 (“ _T Ltd_ ”), Andrew Ang
JC (as he then was) decided that s 15(1)(_c_) was never intended to apply to
interest (see [69] of his judgment). He observed that the Singapore provision
is worded differently from the English provision and said at [55] to [57]:

55 So much then as to how the UK provision was construed in the _European
Investment Trust_ case. Should the Singapore provision be interpreted
likewise? Although counsel for the appellant argued cogently why it ought not
[to] be likewise construed, he may have been a little generous in conceding
that the language of the Singapore provision is close to its UK counterpart.
As noted, the UK provision prescribes that:

[N]o sum shall be deducted in respect of … any sum employed or intended to be
employed as capital …

In other words, “no sum … in respect of any sum employed as capital …” is to
be deducted.

56 As framed, it is possible to construe the “sum” first referred to as
separate and distinct from the second. On this basis, it did no violence to
the language of the UK provision for the _European Investment Trust_ case
([54] _supra_) to construe the first sum as being referable to interest while
the second referred to the principal amount on which the interest accrued.

57 The Singapore provision is differently worded. It states:

[N]o deduction shall be allowed in respect of … any sum employed or intended
to be employed as capital.

The provision makes no mention of any sum other than the sum employed or
intended to be employed as capital. Whereas the words “in respect of” in the
UK provision could be read to mean “in connection with” without doing violence
to the statutory provision, the same words “in connection with” could not, in
my view, comfortably substitute for “in respect of” in the Singapore
provision. It would immediately invite the question “Deduction of what?” To my
mind, the words “in respect of” in the Singapore provision is the equivalent
of “for” or “on account of”. Thus, what is prohibited is the deduction of the
sum employed or intended to be employed as capital.

23 I would add that under the ITA, interest is not treated as an exception to
s 15(1)(_c_). Instead, it is treated as a specific illustration of outgoings
and expenses mentioned in s 14(1). Indeed, under s 14(1)(_a_), interest is
referred to as interest “payable on capital employed in acquiring the income”.
So, interest payable on such capital cannot be the capital employed which is
referred to in s 15(1)(_c_). Accordingly, I agree with Ang JC’s view that s
15(1)(_c_) applies only to the principal loan itself. This means that none of
the Relevant Expenses is caught under s 15(1)(_c_). In my view, the Board was
wrong in concluding that the Borrowing Expenses, as well as the Prepayment
Penalty, were caught under s 15(1)(_c_).

24 As the Board said that it was not in dispute that the Borrowing Expenses
were wholly and exclusively incurred in acquiring the income, then that should
be the end of the matter for the Borrowing Expenses, as well as the Prepayment
Penalty. However, in view of the substantive submissions made and the
importance of the issue, I will go on to deal with the point as to whether the
Borrowing Expenses, as well as the Prepayment Penalty, were revenue in nature
or not. I will focus first on the Borrowing Expenses.

25 Coming back to English cases, in _Beauchamp (Inspector of Taxes) v FW
Woolworth plc_ [1987] STC 279, the taxpayer ran a chain of retail shops in the
United Kingdom. In 1971, it borrowed 50m Swiss francs repayable after five
years or earlier at the taxpayer’s option. In 1972, it borrowed the same sum
in Swiss francs also for a period of five years. The exchange control rules
then in force provided that consent to such borrowing would be granted only if
the loan were outstanding for a minimum period of five years. The taxpayer
repaid the first loan six months early. The second loan was repaid on its due
date. In both cases, the taxpayer incurred losses due to the depreciation of
the sterling.

26 The Special Commissioners found the loans to have been loans arranged to
tide the taxpayer over a short-term problem, namely, the failure of the
taxpayer’s trading activities to generate a sufficient cash flow to cover its
commitments and day-to-day needs. On that basis, they found that the loans
represented temporary facilities rather than permanent capital and that the
loans were allowable deductions in computing profits of the taxpayer under s
130(f) of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970.

27 Hoffmann J allowed the Crown’s appeal. He said at 293:

The exchange losses are allowable as deductions only if the borrowings were
themselves part of the taxpayer company’s revenue transactions rather than
accretions to the capital which it employed. An accretion to the taxpayer
company’s capital connotes some degree of permanence. Thus in _Farmer
(Surveyor of Taxes) v Scottish North American Trust Ltd_ [1912] AC 118, 5 TC
693, the Court of Session and the House of Lords held that short-term banking
facilities, described by Lord Johnston as ‘short in the sense that they were
for short and indefinite periods, borrowed as occasion required, and repaid as
opportunity permitted’, were not additions to the company’s capital. Lord
Johnston contrasted such borrowings with a case in which ‘money is borrowed on
a permanent footing, as from year to year, the capital of the concern is in a
commercial sense enlarged thereby, and the business extended’. A similar
distinction between ‘mere temporary accommodation’ and sums which the company
may be said to ‘add to its capital’ is made by Finlay J in _European
Investment Trust Co Ltd v Jackson_ (1932) 18 TC 1 at 12.

Now if one applies this distinction I think that these loans cannot reasonably
be regarded as anything other than accretions to the taxpayer company’s
capital. No one can describe a loan for a fixed term of five years as a mere
temporary accommodation. The amount and the term were fixed, and the loan was
for a substantial period. …

The money was raised because the taxpayer company needed additional cash for
its business. The purposes for which cash was required included both revenue
items, like financing stock, and capital items, like enlarging shops.

At 295, he said:

It seems to me that in attaching importance to what the taxpayer company was
seeking to do, rather than to what it actually did, the commissioners
misdirected themselves. The fact that the object of the borrowings was to deal
with a temporary shortage of cash is irrelevant if the solution actually
adopted was to make an addition to the taxpayer company’s liquid resources
sufficiently permanent to be regarded as an accretion to its capital. The
rights issue contemplated as one solution would undoubtedly have fallen within
this category and I think a five-year loan would do so also. The commissioners
seem to have discounted the effect of the five-year term on the ground that
the Bank of England insisted on this period. Again, it seems to me irrelevant
that the taxpayer company borrowed for five years because for one reason or
another it was not possible or convenient to obtain accommodation for a
shorter period: what matters is what the taxpayer company actually did.

In cases where there is no fixed term for repayment, or where the term is of a
borderline nature, the use to which the money was put may throw some light on
whether or not it was an accretion to capital. The terms of the borrowing must
be examined in their factual context. …

But this is not a doubtful case. The terms of the loans are in my judgment
sufficient to make it clear that they constitute additions to the capital
employed by the taxpayer company, and it does not matter whether they were
intended to be employed in the making of payments of a revenue or of a capital
nature. In this case evidence on that question would be of little help because
it is clear from the evidence before the commissioners and the documents to
which I have referred that the money was not intended to be used, and nor was
it actually used, specifically for purposes of one character or the other. It
was simply an addition to the taxpayer company’s general funds. It follows
that there are in my judgment no relevant factors pointing to the borrowing
being a revenue receipt which can displace the inference to be drawn from the
terms upon which the money was actually borrowed.

At 296, he said:

In deciding whether a loan is on revenue or capital account there can be no
question of examining the nature of the asset or advantage gained by the
company: it is always the same, namely, money. The only question is whether
the terms of repayment or the circumstances in which it is likely to be repaid
(or the use to which it is put may throw some light) make it appropriate to
treat the money as a sufficiently permanent addition to the company’s funds to
be regarded as capital, and both the authorities and the practice of the
accountants seem to me to show that the loans in this case unquestionably came
within that description.

28 On appeal to the Court of Appeal, the taxpayer was successful, but on
appeal to the House of Lords, the Crown was successful.

29 In _Beauchamp (Inspector of Taxes) v FW Woolworth plc_ [1989] STC 510, (“
_Beauchamp_ ”) which was the House of Lords’ decision, Lord Templeman said at
514:

My Lords, in the course of business a trading company of the type exemplified
by the taxpayer company can only earn profits if it provides for the payment
of trading expenses and for the receipt of trading revenue. The most common
form of provision is by means of a current account which may be in credit when
earnings are received and in debit when expenses are paid out. The bank
charges for providing the facilities afforded by the current account and for
the sums involved in accepting cheques drawn on the account when it is
overdrawn. The temporary and fluctuating borrowings incurred in transacting
business are revenue transactions. On the other hand, a trading company which
borrows unconditionally a fixed amount for a definite period may use the money
generally for the purposes of its business or for any other purpose authorised
by its constitution, and even when the money is employed in the business, the
money may be laid out on income expenditure or capital expenditure. The
taxpayer company could do as it pleased with 100m borrowed Swiss francs,
provided that the application of the money was _intra vires_ the objects of
the taxpayer company.

He said at 516:

Similarly, in a rough way, it is not a bad criterion of what is a capital
borrowing as against what is an income borrowing to say that capital borrowing
is a thing that is going to be borrowed once and for all, and income borrowing
is a thing that is going to recur every year.

He said at 518:

A loan is not an ‘ordinary incident of marketing’ unless, as the authorities
show, the loan is temporary and fluctuating and is incurred in meeting the
ordinary running expenses of the business.

He then cited the judgment of Hoffman J with approval.

30 I now come to the Hong Kong case of _Wharf Properties Ltd v Commissioner of
Inland Revenue_ [1997] AC 505 (“ _Wharf_ ”). In _Wharf_ , the taxpayer was a
property development company which had acquired an old tramway depot for
redevelopment of a commercial complex known as Times Square. The taxpayer had
borrowed money to fund the purchase. The loans were for short periods from a
week to a month but were always renewed. During the two years in question,
_ie_ 1988 and 1989, Wharf Properties Ltd received licence fees from the
tramway company. The question which arose was whether Wharf Properties Ltd was
entitled to deduct the interest payments in calculating its taxable profits.
The Privy Council decided that while the interest was _prima facie_ deductible
under s 16(1)(a) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance (“IRO”), it was caught by s
17(1)(c) of the IRO and hence not deductible.

31 Section 16(1) of the IRO states:

… there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses to the extent to which
they are incurred during the basis period for that year of assessment by such
person in the production of profits in respect of which he is chargeable to
tax under this Part for any period, including –

(a) where the conditions set out in subsection (2) are satisfied, sums payable
by such person by way of interest upon any money borrowed by him for the
purpose of producing such profits …

Section 17(1)(c) of the IRO states that there shall be no deduction of “any
expenditure of a capital nature”.

32 Lord Hoffmann said at 511:

From the point of view of the payer, however, a payment of interest may be a
capital or revenue expense, depending upon the purpose for which it was paid.
The fact that it is income in the hands of the recipient and a recurring and
periodic payment does not necessarily mean that it must be a revenue expense.
Wages and rent are income in the hands of their recipients; periodic payments,
in return for services or the use of land or chattels respectively. But
whether such payments are of a capital or revenue nature depends on their
purpose. The wages of an electrician employed in the construction of a
building by an owner who intends to retain the building as a capital
investment are part of its capital cost. The wages of the same electrician
employed by a construction company, or by the building owner in maintaining
the building when it is completed and let, are a revenue expense.

For this purpose, their Lordships consider that there is no material
distinction between interest and other periodic payments.

33 After referring to _Beauchamp_ , he said at 512 and 513:

Ordinarily, however, a loan to a trading company, whatever the purpose for
which it is intended to be used, will be an addition to that company’s
capital. Mr Gardiner did submit that the shortness of the successive terms of
the loans in this case was enough to make them revenue receipts, but their
Lordships do not agree. The borrowing did not form part of the company’s
trading activities. …

Thus, while the question of whether money is intended to be used for a capital
or revenue purpose is inconclusive as to whether its receipt is a revenue
receipt or an addition to the company’s capital, the purpose of the loan
during the period for which the interest payment was made is critical to
whether it counts as a capital or revenue expense. In the present case, during
the whole of the two years in question, the loan was clearly being applied for
the purpose of acquiring and creating a capital asset rather than holding it
as an income-producing investment. It follows that the interest was being
expended for a capital purpose.

…

It may be that the present case is unusual in the precision with which the
purpose of the loan can be identified. In cases like [_Beauchamp_], where the
borrowings are for the general purposes of the company and are spent on both
capital and revenue account, it will be much more difficult to say whether a
given interest payment is an expenditure of a capital or revenue nature. But
this question did not arise in the _Beauchamp_ case and there is no such
difficulty in this one. Their Lordships think that in the present case a true
and fair view of the taxpayer’s transactions required the interest to be
treated as an expense of the development.

34 As can be seen, the focus in _Wharf_ was not so much on the temporariness
of the loans but the purpose of the loans. Also, Ang JC pointed out in _T Ltd_
that s 17(1)(c) of the IRO was wider than s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA as was the
English provision. Hence, as I have mentioned, Ang JC decided that interest
was not caught by s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA.

35 In the Canadian case of _Bennett & White Construction Co Limited v Minister
of National Revenue_ (1949) 49 DTC 514 (“ _Bennett_ ”), the taxpayer borrowed
money to carry on its contracting and construction business. The loans were
secured by a guarantee which was given by individuals over various periods of
time. The taxpayer made payments to these individuals as consideration for
their guarantees. The question arose as to whether the money paid to the
guarantors was a deductible expense or a payment “on account of capital”
within s 6(b) of the Income War Tax Act, RSC 1927, c 97 (Can). The Supreme
Court of Canada decided it was not deductible, relying on the Privy Council’s
decision in _Montreal Coke and Manufacturing Co v Minister of National
Revenue_ [1944] AC 126 (“ _Montreal Coke_ ”). As CIT and the Board placed much
reliance on _Bennett_ , I will quote quite extensively from the judgments
there. Locke J said at 516:

I think the character of the payments in the present case does not differ in
essence from those which were disallowed in the _Montreal Coke_ case. They
were, in my opinion, simply expenditures incurred in obtaining the capital to
make the large deposits required, to purchase equipment and generally to
finance the operations.

36 Estey J said at 517:

This was not a borrowing of money on a temporary or short-term basis such as
is necessary and incidental to the ordinary and usual transactions in the
course of the appellant’s business. In effect this line of credit made
available to the appellant for an indefinite period the ability to borrow
funds for the purpose of accepting contracts beyond the volume its paid-up
capital and surplus would permit. The provision for the cancellation of the
guarantee, having regard to the relation of the guarantors to the company, and
the practice since 1934, does not detract from the conclusion that this line
of credit provided a long-term basis upon which the company might obtain the
funds it required.

37 He said at 519:

The funds borrowed were therefore capital and the payments made to the
guarantors constituted a part of the “financial arrangements” of the
appellant. They are in principle identical with those dealt with by the Privy
Council in [_Montreal Coke_], where the expenses of refinancing a bond issue
in order to effect a low rate of interest and other savings were disallowed
under sec.6(1)(a).

…

The disbursements of the guarantors here in question were made not as interest
on the money borrowed but as the purchase price for the guarantee that made
borrowing under the line of credit possible. The appellant upon obtaining this
line of credit was enabled to complete its financial arrangements at the bank,
which enabled it to undertake the larger volume of business. Sums borrowed
under such circumstances are capital and the sums paid are not deductible
under the provisions of 6(1)(a).

38 Rand J said at 519:

The conception of the statute however is an earning of income through the use
of capital funds which in one form or another constitute the means and
instruments by which the business is prosecuted; but that providing or
organizing them must be clearly differentiated from the activities of the
business itself has been lately reaffirmed by the Judicial Committee in
[_Montreal Coke_].

39 He said at 520:

Now the Crown has allowed the deduction of interest paid to the bank, and it
must have been either on the footing that the day-to-day use of the funds was
embraced within the business that produced the profit, or that the interest
was within section 5, paragraph (b). But setting up that credit right or
providing the banking facilities is quite another thing from paying interest;
it is preparatory to earning the income and is no more part of the business
carried on than would be the work involved in a bond issue. The lender might
insist on being furnished with premises near the scene of the works; it might
exact any other accommodation as the price of its willingness to provide
funds; but all that would be outside the circumference of the transactions
from which the income arises. Within the meaning of the Act, the premiums
create part of the capital structure and are a capital payment: _Watney v.
Musgrave_ , (1880) 5 Ex. D. 241. They furnish a credit apparatus to enable the
business to be carried on, and although they affect the distributable earnings
of the company, they do not affect the net return from the business.

40 The case of _Montreal Coke_ involved expenses incurred in a refinancing
exercise. _Montreal Coke_ is therefore relevant in respect of the Guarantee
Expenses and not so much in respect of the Borrowing Expenses. I will come
back to that case later.

41 In _Harry Silverman v Minister of National Revenue_ [1960] CTC 262, a
partnership was formed in November 1954. It engaged in the business of buying
and selling real estate in Toronto until 31 March 1955 when it was dissolved.
In that period, three properties were bought and sold. The transactions
pertaining to two of the properties were in issue, _ie_ 23 Cowan Avenue and 61
Beatrice Street (“the Cowan property” and “the Beatrice property”
respectively).

42 The Cowan property was purchased on 20 December 1954. It was then mortgaged
to secure repayment in five years of $4,200 and interest. The partnership
received only $4,000 as the remaining $200 was a bonus exacted by the
mortgagee. The Cowan property was sold on or about 21 February 1955 with the
purchaser assuming the mortgage.

43 The Beatrice property was purchased on 22 November 1954. It was then
mortgaged to secure repayment in five years of $6,500 and interest. The
partnership received only $6,000 as the remaining $500 was a bonus exacted by
the mortgagee. The Beatrice property was sold on 26 February 1955 with the
purchaser assuming the mortgage.

44 Sections 12(1)(a) and (b) of the Income Tax Act, RSC 1952, c 148 (Can)
state:

12.(1) In computing income, no deduction shall be made in respect of

(a) an outlay or expense except to the extent that it was made or incurred by
the taxpayer for the purpose of gaining or producing income from property or a
business of the taxpayer,

(b) an outlay, loss or replacement of capital, a payment on account of capital
or an allowance in respect of depreciation, obsolescence or depletion except
as expressly permitted by this Part.

45 After referring to English authorities and to _Bennett_ , Thurlow J of the
Exchequer Court of Canada said at [18]:

In the present case, while the loan secured by the partners by mortgaging 61
Beatrice Street was on its face not of a temporary nature I think it may in
the circumstances be inferred that the partners expected to dispose quickly of
the property in just such a transaction as subsequently occurred. From their
point of view the borrowing can, I think, accordingly be regarded as temporary
since they did not expect to have the property for long and the assumption and
retirement of the loan were in fact provided for in the transaction in which
the property was sold. Next it appears that the borrowed money was not simply
deposited in the partnership bank account to be used as the day-to-day
exigencies of the business might require but was directly used to pay a part
of the purchase price of the property itself, a property which was undoubtedly
acquired as a revenue asset of the business. And in the ordinary course
neither this money nor anything representing it would again fall into the
hands of the partners or be capable of use by them in their business. Though
in being used to purchase a trading asset it was used as circulating capital
is used, it would not be used again in the way that circulating capital is
ordinarily used over and over again. Nor did this borrowing expand or add
anything of a permanent nature to the assets employed as capital in the
business. I am accordingly of the opinion that the money so borrowed was not
used as capital in the business in the sense in which the word “capital” is
used in Section 12(1)(b) and that the bonus of $500 was not a payment or
outlay on account of capital within the meaning of that clause. It follows
that the bonus was properly deductible in computing the profit from the
partnership business.

46 For completeness, I should mention that apparently, s 11(1)(cb) of the same
legislation also provides that a taxpayer may deduct an expense incurred in
the year in the course of borrowing money used by the taxpayer for the purpose
of earning income from a business, but not any amount in respect of a bonus
paid or payable to a person from whom the money was borrowed. Nevertheless,
Thurlow J concluded that his opinion in respect of s 12(1)(b) regarding the
Beatrice property was not affected by s 11(1)(cb).

47 As for the Cowan property, Thurlow J decided that the bonus was not
deductible as he was of the view that the evidence did not show why the money
was borrowed or what it was used for.

48 IA placed much reliance on Australian cases. For the time being, I need
refer only to _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Hunter Douglas Limited_ 83
ATC 4,562 (“ _Hunter Douglas_ ”). The taxpayer was in the business of
developing, manufacturing and marketing window coverings and other building
products. It borrowed money from overseas to finance the expansion of its
business and to provide additional capital. The money was used to pay day-to-
day running expenses. The loans could be drawn upon from time to time. The
taxpayer claimed a deduction for exchange losses. Section 51 of the Australian
Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (“ITAA”) states:

51.(1) All losses and outgoings to the extent to which they are incurred in
gaining or producing the assessable income, or are necessarily incurred in
carrying on a business for the purpose of gaining or producing such income,
shall be allowable deductions except to the extent to which they are losses or
outgoings of capital, or of a capital, private or domestic nature, or are
incurred in relation to the gaining or production of exempt income.

(2) Expenditure incurred or deemed to have incurred in the purchase of stock
used by the taxpayer as trading stock shall be deemed not to be an outgoing of
capital or of a capital nature.

49 The Supreme Court of New South Wales upheld the taxpayer’s claim. However,
on appeal by the Commissioner, the majority of the Federal Court allowed the
appeal as the purpose of the loan was capital in nature.

50 Fisher J said at 4,569 and 4,570:

It is clear that the trial judge concluded that the exchange losses were on
revenue account because of the use which the taxpayer made from time to time
of drawings of the borrowed funds. …

I however, regard the purpose of the borrowings as being of more assistance in
establishing the character of the loan transactions and the exchange losses
incurred on repayments thereunder and in determining whether they are on
capital or revenue account. The use which a borrower in fact makes from time
to time of borrowed funds and the purposes for which it applies them is not
necessarily conclusive of the purpose or character of the borrowing. This
character will depend upon the purpose for which the borrowing is made, e.g.
to strengthen the capital structure of the company and also the use which the
company makes _generally_ of borrowed funds in its profit-earning activities.
The crucial question will frequently be whether the company uses the borrowed
funds to finance its profit-earning activities or as an integral part of such
activities. …

The purpose of the borrowings was to finance the expansion of the taxpayer’s
business and to provide the additional working capital which this expansion
required. Thus the borrowing transactions themselves were not on revenue
account. Furthermore the funds borrowed were not used in or as an integral
part of the profit-making activities of the taxpayer, i.e. as part of the
process by which it operated to obtain its regular returns, but in the
financing of such activities. In particular they were undertaken with a view
to expanding such activities.

These borrowings may in fact have been used to pay the day-to-day expenses, or
in reimbursing a bank account from which such expenses were paid. However in
my opinion this does not determine conclusively the part that borrowed funds
played in the profit-making activities of the taxpayer or the true character
of the loan transactions. The words of Mason J. in the _CAGA_ case
(_Commercial & General Acceptance Ltd. v. F.C. of T._ 77 ATC 4375; (1977) 137
C.L.R. 373) are in point. He said at ATC p. 4381; C.L.R. p. 384:

No doubt the effect of the loan was to enable the taxpayer to divert other
funds into the more profitable channels of its finance business, but this does
not affect the character of the loan transaction itself.

51 Lockhart J said at 4,575:

The essence of the business of a finance company is the borrowing and lending
of money. Its borrowings provide funds which it turns over at a profit by
lending the moneys borrowed at a higher rate of interest than is payable on
the moneys which it borrows. A finance company generally borrows money for the
purpose of increasing its working or circulating capital which it turns over
at a profit. It deals in money. The money which it turns over by borrowing and
lending is similar to trading stock. As was pointed out by the majority of the
High Court in the _Avco_ case (at ATC p.4258; A.L.J.R. p.677) there are
obvious differences between the “money stock” of a finance company and the
trading stock of a trading company: money is not dealt with in specie as a
commodity and is not included in the definition of trading stock for the
purposes of the Act (see sec.6). But there is a close similarity between the
borrowing and lending of money by a finance company and the buying and selling
of trading stock by a trading company.

Where a trading company buys goods which it turns over as trading stock gains
or losses incurred are of a revenue nature. If moneys payable by a taxpayer
are allowable deductions, in general any increase or decrease in those amounts
caused by fluctuations in the exchange rate are likewise allowable deductions
or assessable income as the case may be. If a trading company borrows money
overseas in circumstances where the borrowing is a necessary part of and has
the purpose of purchasing trading stock exchange gains or losses will be
revenue items.

He said at 4,576:

The essential question, when ascertaining the nature of foreign exchange gains
or losses made on repayment of moneys borrowed, is to determine the purpose of
the borrowing. In my view the use to which borrowed moneys are put is merely
evidentiary of the purpose of those borrowings and not conclusive of it. …

Borrowing money to carry on business must prima facie be treated as augmenting
the capital employed in the business. Borrowings by finance companies to then
lend to their customers, and borrowings by trading companies to finance the
purchase of trading stock, are exceptions to this general rule. Such
borrowings are an integral part of the ordinary conduct of the company’s
business and are thus revenue, not capital, items. Moneys borrowed by a
finance company are turned over by making loans to its customers. Moneys
borrowed by a trading company for the purpose of financing the purchase of
trading stock are borrowed with a view to disposal of the stock at a profit.
They are in each case part of the company’s circulating capital.

Borrowings are prima facie part of a company’s fixed capital. The distinction
is between the capital which enables a business enterprise to be conducted and
the activities by which the income of the business is earned.

At 4,577 he concluded:

The principal purpose of the borrowing in this case was to strengthen the
business structure or organisation of the taxpayer to enable it to provide a
stronger base or entity with which to carry on its business and earn profit.
The nature of the borrowings determines the nature of the foreign exchange
losses for fiscal purposes. As the former were capital items so were the
latter.

52 The dissenting judge Franki J said at 4,565:

The exchange losses in the case before us were an integral part of the
carrying on of the taxpayer’s income-earning business and in my opinion ought
to have been allowed as deductions under sec.51(1).

He said at 4,566:

If it be necessary that exchange losses be of a recurrent nature then I am
satisfied that the losses in this case are of a sufficiently recurrent nature
to satisfy that requirement.

53 In the Southern Rhodesian case of _Commissioner for Inland Revenue v Genn &
Co (Pty) Ltd_ 20 SATC 113 (“ _Genn_ ”), the taxpayer carried on the business
of hardware and timber merchants. It purchased some of its stock-in-trade
locally and also imported stock-in-trade. The taxpayer borrowed money on short
term loans locally and paid a raising fee which was the difference between the
interest rate payable and 10% per annum, the latter being the overall interest
the taxpayer was prepared to pay. The Commissioner for Inland Revenue allowed
the deduction of interest on the loans but not of the raising fee. Section
11(2)(a), of the Southern Rhodesian Act 31 of 1941 states:

(2) The deductions allowed shall be

(a) expenditure and losses actually incurred in the Union in the production of
the income, provided such expenditure and losses are not of a capital nature.

54 The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the Union allowed the
raising fees to be deducted. Schreiner JA said at 119:

It should I think be observed at the outset that, whatever might be the
position on other facts, it is not possible in the present case to justify a
difference in treatment between the interest on the loans and the commissions;
the circumstances mentioned above show that in each case the commission
together with the interest formed in effect one consideration which the
company had to pay for the use of the money for the period of the loan.
Although, therefore, the commissioner allowed the deduction of the interest,
as distinguished from the commission, the principles to be followed are on the
present facts equally applicable to both.

He continued at 120 to 122:

In giving the judgement of this Court in _New State Areas Ltd. v. Commissioner
for Inland Revenue_ , 1946 A.D. 610, the same learned Judge, then Chief
Justice, referred at 620 to the distinction between floating and fixed capital
and said,

When the capital employed in a business is frequently changing its form from
money to goods and vice versa (e.g. the purchase and sale of stock by a
merchant or the purchase of raw material by a manufacturer for the purpose of
conversion to a manufactured article), and this is done for the purpose of
making a profit, then the capital so employed is floating capital. The
expenditure of a capital nature, the deduction of which is prohibited under
section 11(2), is expenditure of a fixed capital nature not expenditure of a
floating capital nature because expenditure which constitutes the use of
floating capital for the purpose of earning a profit, such as the purchase
price of stock-in-trade, must necessarily be deducted from the proceeds of the
sale of the stock-in-trade in order to arrive at the taxable income derived by
taxpayer from that trade. The problem which arises when deductions are claimed
is, therefore, usually whether the expenditure in question, should properly be
regarded as part of the cost of performing the income-earning operations or as
part of the cost of establishing or adding to the income-earning plant or
machinery.

In deciding how the expenditure should properly be regarded the Court clearly
has to assess the closeness of the connection between the expenditure and the
income-earning operations, have regard both to the purpose of the expenditure
and to what it actually effects.

…

Interest paid on money borrowed and used for the purposes of a business would
appear to be expenditure actually incurred in the production of the income of
the business, whether the loan was for the acquisition of fixed or floating
capital. There might of course be the further question whether or not, because
of its association with the fixed capital into which the loan is turned,
interest on such a loan may not properly be said to be expenditure of a
capital nature. It is, however, unnecessary to pursue that question since in
the present case the facts found by the Special Court show that the
expenditure by way of interest or its equivalent was to meet a continuous
demand for the means of acquiring the company’s stock-in-trade, that it was
not aimed at augmenting the fixed capital or maintaining an enduring asset of
the company, but that on the contrary it was directed towards and achieved a
relatively rapid turnover of the company’s floating capital, with the object
and effect of gaining a profit. …

55 In the South African case of _Commissioner for Inland Revenue v General
Motors SA (Pty) Ltd_ 43 SATC 249, (“ _General Motors SA_ ”), the taxpayer was
a wholly-owned South African subsidiary of General Motors Corporation of the
United States of America (“USA”). It wanted to deduct exchange losses in
respect of four loans to it. The Commissioner disallowed the deduction. On
appeal to the Special Court, the losses for three of the loans were allowed.
The Commissioner appealed to the Provincial Division and there was no cross-
appeal in respect of the fourth loan. The Commissioner’s appeal was dismissed.
Section 11(a) of the South African Income Tax Act 58 of 1962 states:

For the purposes of determining the taxable income derived of any person from
carrying on any trade within the Republic there shall be allowed as deductions
from the income of such person so derived –

(a) expenditure and losses actually incurred in the Republic in the production
of the income provided such expenditure and losses are not of a capital
nature.

56 In respect of the three loans:

(a) The first loan was in German currency and was from General Motors Overseas
Capital Corporation of the USA. It was dated 27 December 1968 and was for a
period of one year renewable for one or more successive periods of one year
each, but not beyond November 1976. The purpose of the loan was to pay for
trading stock purchased by the taxpayer from various General Motors “source”
plants.

(b) The second loan was an overdraft facility in sterling. It was granted by
Barclays Bank International London between March 1972 and February 1973 for
the payment of loans by sister companies which were “source” plants of General
Motors Corporation or for direct payment of stock from “source” plants.

(c) The third loan was raised on 1 April 1975 in the currency of the USA. The
lender was Irvine Trust Company New York and the loan was used to repay a loan
owed to Lloyds Bank Ltd. The loan from Lloyds Bank Ltd was used in part-
payment of another loan to the taxpayer, part of which was used to pay the
second loan and part of which was used to pay loans by sister companies and
therefore to pay “source” plants in respect of trading stock.

57 McCreath J said at 252 and 253:

I am in respectful agreement with the reasoning adopted by the learned Judge,
in delivering the judgment of the Special Court, in his analysis of the
principles laid down in the aforesaid cases. In regard thereto, the learned
Judge states the following:

‘The _Thiess Toyota_ case [_Thiess Toyota (Pty) Ltd v Federal Commissioner of
Taxation_ 9 ATR 11] is illuminating and directly in point. There the taxpayer
company held the Toyota Motor Sales Company of Japan’s sole Australian
franchise for the Toyota range of vehicles and borrowed money in order to
import these vehicles, with a resultant gain – not a loss as in the instant
case. It was submitted that the effect of the arrangement was that the
taxpayer borrowed money from its bank to purchase its trading stock – and here
I emphasise the phrase “borrowed money”. It was argued that when it
subsequently repaid its bank (the loan was in sterling which was devalued) it
was a gain on capital account. The learned Judge discusses previous cases
heard in various countries and particularly the _Commercial and General
Acceptance Ltd v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ case 7 ATR 716 where it was
said:

“I incline to think that an exchange gain or loss on the repayment of moneys
lent will always be a capital gain or loss and can never be taken into account
in the assessment of income.”

A study of the cases quoted indicates the rigid approach of previous years.
Their logic, however, does not appeal to us and we prefer the approach adopted
in _Thiess Toyota (Pty) Ltd_ (_supra_) (and the two cases cited therein),
namely that, in looking at the dealings of a manufacturer or trader, it is
impossible to separate accurately the transactions into different juristic
concepts, thereby virtually creating epithets for components of what is
essentially one business dealing and attaching tax results to the various
components. That, I would respectfully agree with Mears J in the _Thiess
Toyota_ case, is quite unreal. To my mind the logic of the situation, when
applying the tests I have already quoted and which have been formulated in our
law, demands that one should look at the substance and reality of the
transaction and not at the juristic nature of the loan which eventually
resulted. This is the approach adopted in the majority judgment in _Tip Top
Tailors_ [_Tip Top Tailors Ltd v Minister of National Revenue_ 11 DLR 289] as
well in the later case of _Cadbury-Fry Pascall (Australia) Ltd_ [_Federated
Commissioner of Taxes v Cadbury-Fry Pascall (Australia) Ltd_ 10 ATR 55].’

By having regard to the ‘substance and reality of the transaction’ the Special
Court was acting in accordance with the general tests which have been
formulated by our courts and as defined by Watermeyer CJ in _New State Areas
Ltd v Commissioner for Inland Revenue_ 1946 AD 610 at 627 in the following
terms:

‘The conclusion to be drawn from all of these cases seems to be that the true
nature of each transaction must be enquired into in order to determine whether
the expenditure attached to it is capital or revenue expenditure. Its true
nature is a matter of fact and the purpose of the expenditure is an important
factor; if it is incurred for the purpose of acquiring a capital asset for the
business, it is capital expenditure, even if it is paid in annual instalments;
if, on the other hand, it is in truth no more than part of the cost incidental
to the performance of the income-producing operations, as distinguished from
the equipment of the income-producing machine, then it is revenue expenditure,
even if it is paid in a lump sum.’

…

In the judgment of the Special Court Coetzee J went on to state the following:

‘It is not contested on behalf of the Secretary that, when the facts of the
first three loans are analysed, the substance and reality of these
transactions point to the acquisition of trading stock for the purpose of
deriving income therefrom. It satisfies the test laid down by Watermeyer CJ
(“as distinguished from the equipment of the income-producing machine”) which
is, with respect, very happily framed, particularly when one has regard to the
phraseology of Schreiner JA in the _Genn & Co (Pty) Ltd_ case. Without wishing
to add anything to terminology or nomenclature in these cases, I think that it
may be useful to determine whether the expenditure is analogous to expenditure
on what one might call the company’s own “infrastructure”, financially
speaking, which is composed not only of fixed and tangible capital assets but
also of assets of a monetary nature, which are usually permanent or semi-
permanent. It seems that the first three loans were certainly not part of the
company’s infrastructure. Rather were they directly concerned with producing
the revenue derived from the manufacture of the finished products from
material obtained by appellant from “source” plants. The intervening loan
exists purely and simply as a connection between the purchase of the trading
stock or material and the production of the ultimate revenue and, to my mind,
had nothing to do with the company’s own infrastructure.’

I am in respectful agreement with the aforesaid remarks.

58 A number of Malaysian cases were raised in argument. In _K S Corpn v Ketua
Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri_ (1996) MSTC 2,677 (“ _K S Corpn_ ”), the taxpayer
was part of a consortium invited to tender for a port expansion project in
Sabah. The taxpayer’s tender was accepted. It was required to arrange a
financial package to finance the project so that the Sabah Port Authority
(“SPA”) would need to make payment only after completion of the project. The
financial package included a local loan and advances from Japan. The SPA’s
obligation to pay was in two portions, one denominated in ringgit and the
other in yen. When the SPA paid the yen portion, the taxpayer received a gain
in view of the fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate. The taxpayer
claimed that this gain was an accretion to capital and not assessable to tax.
The Special Commissioners decided it was part of revenue and taxable, after
citing, _inter alia_ , Lockhart J’s judgment in _Hunter Douglas_ and Rand J’s
judgment in _Tip Top Tailors Ltd v Minister of National Revenue_ 11 DLR 289
with approval.

59 In _FCD Sdn Bhd v Ketua Pengarah Jabatan Hasil Dalam Negeri_ (1995) 2 MSTC
2,181 (“ _FCD_ ”), the taxpayer was a housing developer. It had purchased a
piece of land to build a multi-storey building, the Menara Apera-ULG, to be
sub-divided into offices which were to be sold. The taxpayer obtained a
syndicated loan for the construction costs. The loan was guaranteed by a
finance company and an insurer to whom the taxpayer paid a guarantee fee semi-
annually. The question was whether the guarantee fees were deductible. Section
39 of the Malaysian Income Tax Act 1967 (“Malaysian ITA 1967”) states:

39(1) Subject to any express provision of this Act in ascertaining the
adjusted income of any person from any source for the basis period for a year
of assessment no deduction from the gross income from that source for that
period shall be allowed in respect of:

…

(b) any disbursements or expenses not being money wholly and exclusively laid
out or expended for the purpose of producing the gross income.

…

and which but for this paragraph would be deductible in ascertaining the
adjusted income from the business.

39(2) It is hereby declared that sec. 33 except in so far as it relates to
expenses of the kind specified in subsec. (1)(a) to (d) thereof, is not an
express provision of this Act within the meaning of this section.

60 Section 33 states:

(1) Subject to this Act, the adjusted income of a person from a source for the
basis period for a year of assessment shall be an amount ascertained by
deducting from the gross income of that person from that source for that
period all outgoings and expenses wholly and exclusively incurred during that
period by that person in the production of gross income from that source,
including:

(a) subject to subsec. (2), any sum payable for that period (or for any part
of that period) by way of interest upon any money borrowed by that person and
–

(i) employed in that period in the production of gross income from that
source; or

(ii) laid out on assets used or held in that period for the production of
gross income from that source … .

61 The Special Commissioners said:

(9) Generally speaking, expenditure which relates to the acquisition of a
source of income or a capital asset would be of a capital nature. On the other
hand expenditure relating to the performance of profit earning operations
would be of a revenue nature. Some of the more important tests that are
applied to distinguish capital expenditure from revenue expenditure are
whether an asset of an enduring nature has been created, whether the
expenditure is referable to fixed or circulating capital, whether it is an
initial outlay, whether it is to acquire goodwill or a right to earn profits
and the type of business being carried on by the taxpayer.

…

(14) It was argued this [_sic_] the guarantee fee was for augmenting the
Appellant’s capital. That might well have been so if indeed it had no other
intentions or plans for the land but instead was minded to sit tight holding
it for example as mere investment. In that event, it would have been
comparable to the _Beauchamp’s_ case. Land here significantly is an integral
part of its stock-in-trade and the development of the office complex its prime
intention throughout as stated by its witness (AW1). This was further borne
out by the way that the Appellant’s accounts were maintained. It owned the
land and has some working capital but not quite enough to meet the entire cost
of its office complex project, so it had to borrow as well. Borrow it did but
not without certain conditions having to be met such as interest, commitment
fees and guarantee fees.

As regards interest, this is explicitly allowed (as deduction) by sec.33(1)
and thus is not disputed by the Respondent. Commitment fee although not
claimed was allowed under sec.33(1) then [_sic_] Respondent implicitly had
accepted the fact that the loan was wholly and exclusively incurred during
that period in the production of gross income! But that was not quite so
apparently going by the Respondent’s stand in the present case!!

(15) The nub of the matter at issue centres around the answer to this key
question: Would any financing institution grant such a massive loan to the
Appellant embarking upon a major project of a “lumpy” nature, with no proven
track record behind it and inadequate assets to act as collateral but for the
guarantees from reputable and creditworthy institutions? In this respect, it
also accords with the then and still current practice in the property
development business for loan funds to be deployed both for acquiring landed
properties for development and for financing construction costs pending
revenues being generated through sale proceeds of completed structures. …

…

(19) Similarly in coming to a determination in the present case whether or not
guarantee fees are allowable deductions under sec.33(1) as revenue
expenditure, it is vital for and indeed incumbent on this Court to assess all
relevant circumstances and take due cognisance of the accepted prevailing
practices of _modus operandi_ in the property development business in
Malaysia: that it is a common practice to borrow to finance stock-in-trade
which to a property developer comprises both landed properties earmarked for
development and building materials and the like required for construction
work. Significantly the major portion ($31m out of $36m) of the loan for which
three years of first drawdown). The pattern of drawdowns totalling $26.8m was
also all within a relatively short time span on 27 months (Exh. P1). Revenues
were also generated in quick order as the floors in the 20-storey office
complex were completed and sold and gains obtained to effect prompt repayments
to the lenders. All these factors point to the loans being necessary to meet
solely the vagaries of the business of property developer particular in
acquiring stock-in-trade, but not to augment capital and create an enduring
asset as contended by the Respondent. In the event, the payment of guarantee
fees without which the loan [_sic_] not have been a practical proposition
cannot but rank as an ordinary incident in the property development business.

(20) Indeed the nexus linking all the three – interest – guarantee fee –
commitment fee – is so integral to the loan package in that they represent
different facets of the loans so crucial and critical to the realisation of
this income through the timely completion of each of the 20 floors of the
office complex.

(21) If interest expense was already acknowledged as wholly and exclusively
incurred in producing the income, surely guarantee fees which not only stand
on the same footing with interest and commitment fee but on a much stronger
ground and justification and enumerated above must inevitably come within the
opening paragraph of sec.33(1).

According to another Malaysian judgment (_infra_ , [63]), the decision of the
Special Commissioners in _FCD_ was upheld by the High Court.

62 In _Ketua Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri v Seabanc Kredit Sdn Bhd_ (1998) MSTC
3,695 (“ _Seabanc_ ”), the taxpayer was a finance leasing company. It obtained
bank loans between 1982 to 1989 to carry on its business. In doing so, it
incurred various fees like loan processing, loan management, guarantee,
facility, arrangement and commitment fees. It also incurred stamp fees. The
question was whether these fees were deductible under s 33(1) of the Malaysian
ITA 1967. The Special Commissioners allowed these expenses but the High Court
did not. Nik Hashim bin Nik Ab Rahman J said at 3,699:

With respect, I do not agree with the contention. The principle in the _Avco_
case is not quite relevant and applicable to the present case. The expenses
incurred in this case were made essentially with a view to bringing into
existence the money, i.e. the asset, through the loan. The obtaining of the
loan is a step preparatory to the earning of income, and therefore the
expenses are not wholly and exclusively incurred in the production of income.
Further, the loans were not taken on a frequent basis. Based on the agreed
facts (Exh. A) the respondent took loans in 1982, 1983, 1984 and in 1989. From
1985 to 1989 (a period of four years) the respondent did not take any loan at
all. These loans were fixed loans. This indicates that the loans taken
constitute additions to the capital employed by the respondent, and it does
not matter whether they were intended to be employed in the making of payments
of a revenue of a capital nature (see _Beauchamp v. F.W. Woolworth_ (1989) STC
510). Therefore, the expenditures incurred in obtaining the loans are capital
in nature, and hence not deductible under sec.33(1). The expenses so incurred
by the respondent were not wholly and exclusively incurred in the production
of gross income. Such expenses are caught by sec.39(1)(b) of the Act, and
hence, not allowable deduction.

I should add that in _Seabanc_ , the learned judge did not refer to the
decision of the Special Commissioners in _FCD_.

63 In _Fernrite Sdn Bhd v Ketua Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri_ (2004) MSTC 4,065
(“ _Fernrite_ ”), the taxpayer was an investment holding company. It had
entered into an agreement to purchase shares and warrants in Perbadanan
Nasional Berhad (“PNB”). Upon completion of the agreement, the title in the
shares and warrants were transferred to it but payment of the purchase price
was deferred until 12 months after completion. The taxpayer obtained the
facility of a bank guarantee to secure payment of the purchase price. It made
quarterly payments of commission for the use of the facility. As events turned
out, the deadline for payment was deferred for another 12 months and the
facility was also extended for another 12 months. In the meantime, the
taxpayer received dividends for the two years in question from its purchase.
The question which arose was whether the bank commissions were deductible from
the dividend income under s 33 of the Malaysian ITA 1967. The Special
Commissioners decided they were not deductible. On appeal, the High Court
decided that they were deductible. Dato Faiza Tamby Chik J was of the view
that the Special Commissioners had erred in concluding that the bank guarantee
was a precondition for the purchase price of the shares and warrants. He
criticised the decision in _Seabanc_ and concluded at 4,085:

Dividend income accrued from purchase of the shares and warrants and it
follows that the operating cost of producing the income should be allowed. As
was said in the Court of Appeal case of _ML & 2 Ors_ (supra) interest on loans
is tax deductible. Bank Commission is analogous to interest and falls within
the meaning of wholly and exclusively incurred in the production of income. At
any rate the bank commission cannot be described as capital since it is
recurring expenditure and does not add to the cost of the shares and warrants
but to the cost of earning the dividend income. Further, it cannot be said
that the bank commissions were for the purchase price paid in instalments over
a period of time. There is no evidence to support such a conclusion. … It is
also an agreed fact that the bank commission fees are for use of the Bank
Guarantee; not to create it.

He also noted at 4,076 that the decision of the Special Commissioners in _FCD_
was upheld by the High Court in _Ketua Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri v FCD_ case
number RI 14-3-1993.

64 I should add that in _Fernrite_ , the taxpayer did not seek to deduct the
arrangement fees from the dividend income. This is what the learned judge said
at 4,075:

While the bank commission was annual and thus recurring, the “arrangement
fees” was paid once and for all. The Appellant does not dispute that
“arrangement fees” is capital since it is preparatory to the bank guarantee
but disputes the respondent’s not allowing the bank commissions, which are
recurring, and thus a revenue expenditure.

65 In Singapore, Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) had noted in _Andermatt
Investments Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1995] 3 SLR 451 (“
_Andermatt_ ”) that there were differences between s 51 of the ITAA and our s
14(1)(_a_). He said at 457, [15]:

The facts of none of these cases are near to the present case. Moreover the
wording of relevant Australian provisions (s 51) are not in _pari materia_
with the Singapore provision. There are, _inter alia_ , these two areas of
differences. First, in Australia, a taxpayer’s gross income has to be
ascertained before deductions are allowed whereas in Singapore deductions are
allowed on each and separate source of income of the taxpayer. In other words
there has to be a matching of expenses against each individual source under
the Singapore law. In Australia this is not required. Expenses which generate
income can be deducted against the cumulative income of the taxpayer. Second,
under the Australian Act in view of the words ‘to the extent to which they are
incurred’ it is clear that the losses and outgoings are apportionable, which
does not appear to be possible under our law. Therefore, we think the
Australian cases should always be considered bearing the differences in mind.

66 As can be seen, Chao J was merely sounding a word of caution when
Australian cases are considered. This caution was reiterated by the Court of
Appeal recently in _JD Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2005] SGCA 52.
However, unlike the Board in the case before me, Chao J did not suggest that
Australian cases on income tax are generally of low persuasive value. Indeed,
in _Andermatt_ , Chao J did subsequently refer to some other Australian cases,
which I shall come to later, without apparent demur.

67 Moreover, in _T Ltd_ , Ang JC had preferred the approach of the High Court
of Australia in _Steele v DFC of T_ 99 ATC 4,242 to that of the approach of
the Privy Council in _Wharf_ with regard to the issue as to whether interest
was a deductible expense. However, that part of Ang JC’s decision is confined
to interest only and does not purport to cover the other types of expenses
that are comprised in the Relevant Expenses. I would add that Ang JC did not
eschew the focus on the purpose of the loan.

68 While it is true that in Australia there is a statutory provision in s
51(2) of the ITAA to stipulate that expenditure incurred in the purchase of
stock used as trading stock “shall be deemed not to be an outgoing of capital
or of a capital nature”, the trading stock principle is also recognised in
jurisdictions where there is no such statutory provision. In Southern
Rhodesia, _Genn_ is an illustration although it is true that the loans there
were of a shorter duration. In South Africa, _General Motors SA_ is an
illustration. In Malaysia, _FCD_ is an illustration. Also, Lockhart J’s
judgment in respect of financing for the purchase of trading stock in _Hunter
Douglas_ was cited with approval in the Malaysian case of _KS Corpn_.

69 In Singapore, the _Singapore Master Tax Guide Manual_ (CCH Tax eds) (1989,
2001 release) also refers to expenditure on trading stock as being deductible
and an English case is cited for this proposition. The text states at p 2804,
para 1010:

(d) _Expenditure relating to fixed capital_ — if the expenditure relates to
circulating capital, ie stock in trade, it will rank for deduction. It will
not if it relates to fixed capital, ie fixed assets. The distinction between
fixed and circulating capital is that fixed capital is what the owner turns to
profit by keeping it in his possession; circulating capital is capital which
is turned over, and in the process of being turned over, yields profit or loss
(_John Smith & Sons v Moore_ 12 TC 266).

70 The concept of circulating and fixed capital is also recognised in various
jurisdictions. In Southern Rhodesia, _Genn_ is again an illustration. In
Canada, _Silverman_ is an illustration. Even in England, _John Smith & Sons v_
_Moore_ is an illustration. In _Beauchamp_ , the Special Commissioners
referred, at para 15 of the case stated, to the distinction between fixed and
circulating capital. They considered it relevant only when items of
expenditure are under consideration whereas in _Beauchamp_ , exchange losses
were under consideration.

71 Coming back to the Australian position, IA was relying on _Hunter Douglas_
not only because of the trading stock principle, but also because _Hunter
Douglas_ had focussed on the purpose of the loan. To that extent, _Hunter
Douglas_ was not inconsistent with _Wharf_ where the Privy Council also
focussed on the purpose of the loan. This was unlike _Beauchamp_ which
focussed on whether the loan was of a temporary and fluctuating nature.
Accordingly, Hoffman J’s statement at 293 that “No one can describe a loan for
a fixed term of five years as a mere temporary accommodation” must be seen in
that context.

72 I should point out that s 16(1)(a) of the IRO refers to “sums payable … by
way of interest upon any money borrowed … for the purpose of producing such
profits”. In other words, “purpose” is specifically used in the Hong Kong
legislation whereas it is not in s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA. Nevertheless, that
was not the stated reason of the Privy Council for focussing on the purpose of
the loan in _Wharf_. Indeed, in the case before me, CIT considered s 16(1)(a)
of the IRO to be _in_ _pari materia_ with our s 14(1)(_a_).[note: 1]

73 In so far as the Board was of the view that _Wharf_ had decided that a loan
taken up to purchase trading stock does not ordinarily lead to it being a
revenue loan unless it is temporary and fluctuating[note: 2], it seems to me
that the Board had misinterpreted Lord Hoffmann’s judgment which stated at
512:

Ordinarily, however, a loan to a trading company, whatever the purpose for
which it is intended to be used, will be an addition to that company’s
capital.

There was no reference in that sentence to a loan for the purchase of trading
stock. In any event that sentence focuses on the intended use of the loan. In
the next paragraph, Lord Hoffman referred to the purpose of the loan as being
critical (_supra_ , [33]).

74 In so far as the Board preferred the decision in _Bridgwater_ on the basis
that its facts were identical to those in the present case, I am of the view
that there was, with respect, hardly any analysis in _Bridgwater_. The focus
was on whether the loan was of a temporary nature and the court simply
concluded that there was evidence to support the decision of the Special
Commissioners that the loan was not of a temporary nature.

75 As for the Board’s reliance on _Beauchamp_ and _Wharf_ , I have mentioned
that the focus in _Beauchamp_ was whether the loan was of a temporary and
fluctuating nature. Some cases refer to the latter as the recurrence of the
loan. Such reasons would have been wanting in _Wharf_ where each loan was for
a short duration and renewed from time to time. It was then that the Privy
Council decided to focus instead on the purpose of the loan as I have
mentioned. IA does not quarrel with the proposition that the court should
consider the purpose of the loan and indeed it relies on this proposition to
advance its case. I will come back to the purpose of the Syndicated Loan
later.

76 The Board also relied on _Bennett,_ but in that case, the Supreme Court of
Canada was of the view that the loan was for a general purpose, _ie_ to
purchase equipment and generally to finance the operations (see the judgment
of Locke J at [35]) and the court also focussed on the duration of the loan
(see the judgment of Estey J at [36]).

77 As for the Malaysian cases, the Board did not follow _FCD_ for the
following reasons. First, the Board considered that too much reliance was
placed on the practice of developers. Secondly, the Board was of the view that
it might not be logical to adopt the reasoning behind the deductibility of
interest expenses for the deductibility of guarantee fees since interest is a
specific deductible. Thirdly, the Board was of the view that the reasoning of
the Special Commissioners, in not following the English decisions, was unclear
as those decisions were not discussed. Fourthly, _FCD_ was inconsistent with
_Seabanc_.

78 Although the Board pointed out that it was not disputed in _Seabanc_ that
the taxpayer was dealing in money and money was its trading stock, I note that
the court in _Seabanc_ focussed instead on the duration of the loan and the
point that the loan was not taken on a frequent basis. Indeed, the court
chastised the Special Commissioners for being preoccupied with the issue of
trading stock and the court did not give weight to the purpose of the loan.
Although the decision in _Seabanc_ was about one year after _Wharf_ , the
court there did not refer to _Wharf_ and instead relied on _Beauchamp_.

79 As regards the point in _Seabanc_ that the obtaining of the loan was a step
preparatory to the earning of income, I am of the view that that is too
sweeping a statement. If that is correct, then all loans will never be revenue
in nature as even loans for the purpose of earning income are in that sense
preparatory to the earning of income. Indeed, such a proposition would exclude
expenses on loans to those who deal in money as a business from being
deducted, although the English cases recognise that for such businesses, the
expenses will be deductible if the loan is temporary and fluctuating.

80 As for _Fernrite_ disagreeing with _Seabanc_ , the Board declined to follow
_Fernrite_ as it did not refer to the leading English authorities and instead
went on to discuss Australian authorities. The Board then considered that the
Malaysia cases were of low persuasive value.

81 I should mention that although IA was relying, _inter alia_ , on _Fernrite_
, probably because _Fernrite_ disagreed with _Seabanc_ , the court in
_Fernrite_ had taken into account the fact that the commission there was of a
recurring nature. Furthermore, as I have mentioned, the taxpayer in _Fernrite_
had not claimed a deduction for the one-off arrangement fees. Accordingly, it
seems to me that _Fernrite_ does not support IA’s contention in respect of the
Borrowing Expenses.

82 In any event, I am of the view that the Board had erred in focussing on the
lack of temporariness and lack of recurrence of the Syndicated Loan. Such an
approach does not take into account the different types of businesses. In the
case before me, IA has developed one project only. The absence of recurrence
of the loan is not determinative. The nature of a property developer’s
business is also such that a loan to it is not likely to be temporary but for
a number of years. Furthermore, if the temporariness and lack of recurrence of
the loan are the determinative factors, then the interest expenses in _Wharf_
should have been considered as revenue and not capital. Would that then mean
that if IA had managed to structure the Syndicated Loan for a much shorter
duration but on a renewal basis, that would make a difference? I do not think
the result should rest on such a foundation. As regards CIT’s submission that
the audited balance sheet of IA as at 30 September 1993 had described the
Syndicated Loan as a non-current liability, I am of the view that this is only
material if the temporariness of the loan is material.

83 The Board also noted that the amount of the Syndicated Loan was larger than
IA’s paid-up capital. It considered that the loan had enlarged IA’s financial
capacity to undertake a bigger project. CIT had emphasized that the amount of
the loan was larger than IA’s capital. As the loan was also taken prior to the
acquisition of the Land, which was part of its trading stock, the Board was of
the view that the loan was similar to an injection of equity. The Board was
also of the view that another indicator that the loan was more of an accretion
to IA’s capital was the fact that under the terms of the loan, IA was required
to conduct its business in a certain manner. In particular, it was required to
commence construction, obtain the temporary occupation permit and strata
title, and meet certain sales targets by stipulated dates. The terms of the
loan also set the minimum sales price of $420 per square foot.

84 I am of the view that the fact that the loan enlarged IA’s financial
capacity to undertake a bigger project or that the loan was of an amount
larger than its capital is neither here nor there. Would it make a material
difference if the amount of the loan was less than IA’s capital? I do not
think so. As was stated by the Special Commissioners in _FCD_ , the Borrowing
Expenses did not augment IA’s capital. That might well have been so if IA was
minded to hold the land as an investment. Here, the land was an integral part
of its stock-in-trade. The fact that the loan was taken prior to the
acquisition of the trading stock is also neither here nor there. The fact that
the terms of the loan dictated certain conditions to the conduct of IA’s
business falls far short of the loan being akin to an injection of equity.

85 CIT also submitted that s 14(1) of the ITA allows a deduction of expenses
incurred in the production of income “from any source chargeable with tax”.
CIT submitted that this does not allow expenses incurred prior to the
existence of a source of income or prior to the commencement of business to be
deducted. However, no authority was cited for this rather sweeping
proposition. If CIT’s submission was correct, then expenses incurred to
acquire stock-in-trade like clothing before the commencement of business would
also not be deductible.

86 The Board was also of the view that as the Land was developed and
“converted” into approximately 1,100 apartments, it was not dealt with as
trading stock _in specie_ and hence the Borrowing Expenses were not revenue in
nature. By “trading stock _in specie_ ”, the Board appeared to mean the
completed product as opposed to the raw material. The Board referred to
_Thiess Toyota Pty Ltd v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ 78 ATC 4,463 (“
_Thiess Toyota_ ”) (which was also an Australian case) where the loan was to
enable the taxpayer to buy and sell vehicles manufactured in Japan. However, I
note that there was no suggestion in _Thiess Toyota_ or in any other case that
the loan must be to acquire trading stock _in specie_ before its purpose can
be considered as being revenue in nature.

87 Indeed, there are cases that suggest that the purchase of raw material for
stock-in-trade would also be part of the purchase of stock-in-trade. For
example, in _Genn_ , Schreiner JA had cited with approval the judgment in _New
State Areas Ltd v Commissioner for Inland Revenue_ 1946 AD 610 where the
purchase of raw material for the purpose of conversion to a manufactured
article was mentioned as an example of floating (or circulating) capital. In
_General Motors SA_ , McCreath J had cited with approval the judgment of
Coetzee J below where Coetzee J had said that the loans were concerned with
producing the revenue derived from the manufacture of the finished products
from material obtained by the taxpayer from “source” plants.

88 Furthermore, if the Board was correct that the loan must be to acquire
trading stock _in specie_ , that would mean that borrowing expenses for a loan
to buy completed apartments for resale would be deductible but not borrowing
expenses for a loan to acquire land for development and sale. I do not see why
there should be a difference between the two as the land is just as much a
part of trading stock as the completed apartments.

89 The stated and true purpose of the Syndicated Loan was to acquire the Land
and also to pay for part of the development costs. The loan was used as such.
As I mentioned at the outset, CIT had accepted before the Board, and initially
before me as well, that the Land and the apartments were part of IA’s trading
stock. Therefore, it was not open to the Board to treat the Land as something
else other than trading stock. The loan was an integral part of the profit-
earning activities of IA. The Land was acquired not as an enduring asset to be
kept in IA’s possession but to be sold as part of common property with the
apartments.

90 As the purpose of the Syndicated Loan was revenue in nature, the Borrowing
Expenses were also revenue in nature and are deductible under s 14(1) of the
ITA.

**Prepayment Penalty**

91 As regards the Prepayment Penalty, the Supreme Court of Victoria allowed a
penalty for early payment to be deducted under s 51(1) of the ITAA in _Federal
Commissioner of Taxation v Marbray Nominees Pty Ltd_ 85 ATC 4,750 (“ _Marbray_
”).

92 In the present case, the Board declined to follow _Marbray_ partly because
Australian legislation is different but primarily because the Board had
concluded that the Syndicated Loan was a capital loan. The Board concluded
that it naturally followed from the principle in _Beauchamp_ and _Wharf_ that
all expenses related to the loan would be regarded as capital in nature. By
that reasoning and in view of my conclusion that the purpose of the Syndicated
Loan was revenue in nature, the Prepayment Penalty would also be revenue in
nature.

93 I add that IA also relied on the English case of _Vodafone Cellular Ltd v
Shaw (Inspector of Taxes)_ (1997) STC 734 (“ _Vodafone_ ”). In _Vodafone_ ,
the taxpayer had entered into an agreement with one of its shareholders to pay
an annual fee for technical know-how for 15 years. It transpired that the
technical know-how was not needed. The taxpayer agreed to pay a sum of US$30m
to extinguish its liability under the fee agreement. The question which arose
in respect of that sum was whether it was deductible under s 130(a) of the
ICTA which precluded the deduction of any sum in respect of any disbursement
or expense, not being money wholly and exclusively laid out or expended for
the purposes of trade. The Court of Appeal decided that the sum was
deductible. Millet LJ said at 739:

Two matters are of particular importance: the nature of the payment, and the
nature of the advantage obtained by the payment. The fact that the payment is
a lump sum payment is relevant but not determinative. In a case such as the
present, where the payment is made in order to get rid of a liability, a
useful starting point is to inquire into the nature of the liability which is
brought to an end by the payment. Where a lump sum payment is made in order to
commute or extinguish a contractual obligation to make recurring revenue
payments then the payment is prima facie a revenue payment.

In _Hancock (Surveyor of Taxes) v General Reversionary and Investment Co Ltd_
[1919] 1 KB 25, 7 TC 358 the payment of a lump sum in order to commute an
annual pension was held to be an income payment because it merely anticipated
payments which if not commuted would have been income payments. In such a case
the lump sum might be regarded as of the same nature as the ingredients of
which it was composed (see _Van den Berghs Ltd v Clark (Inspector of Taxes)_
[1935] AC 431 at 442, 19 TC 390 at 431 per Lord Macmillan).

In _Anglo-Persian Oil Co Ltd v Dale (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1932] 1 KB 124, 16
TC 253 the payment of a lump sum in order to secure the cancellation of an
agency agreement which was onerous to the principal and would otherwise have
endured for a further ten years was held to be a revenue payment. Lawrence LJ
said ([1932] 1 KB 124 at 141, 16 TC 253 at 270) it –

‘… neither enlarged the area of its operations, nor improved its goodwill, nor
embarked upon a new enterprise; it merely effected a change in its business
methods and internal organisation, leaving its fixed capital untouched.’

But the principle that a payment made in order to commute or discharge a
liability to make recurring revenue payments is itself a revenue payment is
subject to an important qualification. If the liability to make recurring
revenue payments is reduced or brought to an end by the modification or
disposal of an identifiable capital asset, then any payment made for the
modification or disposal is itself a capital payment.

94 He also said at 742:

The principles derived from the foregoing survey of the authorities are
sufficient to satisfy me that the fee agreement was not a capital asset, that
it was a liability but only because it was likely to entail a heavy drain on
the annual income of the taxpayer company, and that by cancelling it the
taxpayer company did not obtain an enduring benefit for its trade in the sense
in which that expression is used in this context.

95 Applying _Marbray_ and _Vodafone_ , the Prepayment Penalty should also be
deductible under s 14(1) of the ITA. However, CIT submitted that by incurring
the Prepayment Penalty, IA had secured a release from its contractual
obligations under the Syndicated Loan and thereby interest savings which
constituted an enduring benefit. As in _Vodafone_ , I am of the view that such
benefits are not the kind of enduring benefit in the sense in which that
expression is used.

96 As for CIT’s submission that the Condo Project could be developed without
incurring the Prepayment Penalty, that is not the point. There was a loan to
be repaid and that loan was needed to purchase the Land and pay part of the
development costs. The loan attracted the recurring liability to pay interest.
The Prepayment Penalty was incurred to avoid paying further interest.

97 Accordingly, I am of the view that the Prepayment Penalty is revenue in
nature and deductible under s 14(1) of the ITA.

**Guarantee Expenses**

98 It is not disputed that IA would have used the progress payments from the
sale of apartments to pay the Syndicated Loan directly but for the statutory
requirement that such proceeds have to be deposited into a project account. In
order to obtain the release of $100m from the progress payments, IA obtained
bank guarantees for an equivalent amount. In so doing, IA incurred the
Guarantee Expenses.

99 As regards _Vodafone_ , the Board was of the view that it was
distinguishable on its facts as the fee agreement there was a revenue item.
However, as I have concluded that the purpose of the Syndicated Loan was
revenue in nature, this point of distinction is unavailable. Nevertheless, the
Board relied on, _inter alia_ , _Harrods (Buenos Aires), Ltd v Taylor-Gooby_
_(HM Inspector of Taxes)_ (1964) 41 TC 450 (“ _Harrods_ ”), _Tata Hydro-
Electric Agencies, Limited, Bombay v Income Tax Commissioner, Bombay
Presidency and Aden_ [1937] AC 685 (“ _Tata_ ”) and _The Madras & Southern
Mahratta Railway Co Ltd v Commissioners of Inland Revenue_ (1926) 12 TC 1,111
(“ _MSMR_ ”) which the Board considered to be more on point than the first two
cases mentioned above. I will deal with these cases in chronological order.

100 In _MSMR_ , the taxpayer had entered into a contract with the Secretary of
State for India to construct and operate a railway on land owned by the
Secretary of State. The taxpayer raised capital from the public which had a
guaranteed interest from the Secretary of State. Under the contract, the
profits in operating the railway were divided between the Secretary of State
and the taxpayer. From the taxpayer’s share, the Secretary of State recouped
the amount he had to pay under the guarantee. The question arose whether the
profits of the taxpayer for the purpose of Corporation Profits Tax was the
amount before the Secretary of State recouped that amount or the balance after
recoupment. Rowlatt J decided it was the former and rejected the argument that
the liability to make good the amount of the guarantee had diminished the
taxpayer’s share of the profits. He considered the recoupment as being a
distribution of profits as the recoupment depended on the amount of the
profits. With respect, I do not agree with the Board’s view that _MSMR_ is a
case more on point. The facts there were quite different.

101 In _Tata_ , the taxpayer was the managing agent of various electric supply
companies including Tata Power Co Ltd, having taken over the agency from Tata
Sons, Ltd. Tata Sons, Ltd had been under an obligation to pay 25% of its
commission from Tata Power Co Ltd to two parties who had provided financial
assistance to Tata Power Co Ltd. The taxpayer had taken over this obligation,
_ie_ to pay over 25% of its commission to the two parties. The question which
arose was whether the taxpayer could deduct a sum representing the 25%
commission for the purpose of computing its tax liability. The Privy Council
decided that that sum was not deductible as the obligation undertaken by the
taxpayer was in consideration of its acquisition of the right and opportunity
to earn profits and not for the purpose of producing profits in the conduct of
the business. In my view, the facts in _Tata_ are different from those before
me.

102 In _Harrods_ , the taxpayer was incorporated in the United Kingdom but
carried on business of a general store in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It was
liable to a tax under Argentine law known as the substitute tax. The question
was whether the taxpayer was entitled to deduct the amounts it paid under that
tax in computing its profits for the purpose of tax under the law of the
United Kingdom. The Court of Appeal decided that the amounts the taxpayer paid
under the substitute tax were deductible. Accordingly, it seems to me that the
Board had erred in thinking that the conclusion in _Harrods_ was the same as
that in _Tata_. In any event, the Board relied on the judgment of Danckwerts
LJ who said (_Harrods_ at 467):

There are a number of authorities upon the question of deductible expenses and
the guiding principle appears to me to be that if the expense has to be
incurred for the purposes of gaining the company’s profits, it is a deductible
expense; on the other hand, if the payment of the expenses or charges is made
after the profits have been ascertained, then the expense is not deductible,
because it is simply an application of the profits which have been earned.

103 The above-quoted passage from Danckwerts LJ’s judgment can support the
argument which CIT had raised before the Board, and which the Board accepted,
that the Guarantee Expenses were not incurred in the period in which the
income was earned as the income had already been earned. It will be recalled
that s 14(1) of the ITA states that for the purpose of ascertaining the income
“for any period …, there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period …”. However, in IA’s appeal before
me, CIT did not seek to rely on this argument anymore as, in practice, CIT has
never applied the section in this manner[note: 3]. I would add that the facts
in _Harrods_ are also different from those before me.

104 Interestingly, the Board had observed that in _Andermatt_ , Chao J had
said, at 460, [27], that under s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA, “there must be a
direct link between the money borrowed and the income produced”. Yet, in the
next sentence in _Andermatt_ , Chao J noted that there was such a direct link
in the Australian case of _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Roberts & Smith_
92 ATC 4,380 (“ _Roberts & Smith_”), a case which the Board declined to follow
as it had considered Australian cases to be of low persuasive value because of
the different legislation.

105 In _Roberts & Smith_, a firm of solicitors had obtained a loan to enable
its partners to withdraw part of their capital in the firm. The question was
whether the interest paid on the loan was deductible under s 51(1) of the
ITAA. The Full Federal Court decided it was deductible. Hill J said at 4,388:

For example, let it be assumed that there are undrawn partnership
distributions available at any time to be called upon by the partners. The
partnership borrows from a bank at interest to fund the repayment to one of
the partners who has called up the amount owing to him. That partner uses the
moneys so received to purchase a house. A tracing approach, if carried beyond
the payment to the partner, encourages the argument raised by the Commissioner
in the present case that the funds were used for the private purpose of the
partner who received them. But that fact will not preclude the deductibility
of the outgoing. The funds to be withdrawn in such a case were employed in the
partnership business; the borrowing replaces those funds and the interest
incurred on the borrowing will meet the statutory description of interest
incurred in the gaining or production by the partnership of assessable income.

In principle, such a case is no different from the borrowing from one bank to
repay working capital originally borrowed from another; the character of the
refinancing takes on the same character as the original borrowing and gives to
the interest incurred the character of a working expense. Both these cases
would equally satisfy the second limb of s.51(1). In no sense could the
interest outgoing in either case be characterised as private or domestic.
Similarly, where moneys are originally advanced by a partner to provide
working capital for the partnership, interest on a borrowing made to repay
these advances will be deductible, irrespective of the use which the partner
repaid makes of the funds.

106 In _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Jones_ 2002 ATC 4,135 (“ _Jones_
”), the taxpayer had refinanced a loan and the question was whether the
interest paid on loans after the cessation of business was deductible under s
51 of the ITAA. The primary judge decided it was deductible. His reasons are
stated at 4,137:

The appellant points to nothing other than the cessation of the partnership
business as justifying the assertion that such payments were thereafter not
deductible. It is said that the cessation of business resulted in a break in
the relevant nexus, but the cases seem to suggest otherwise. The obligation
undertaken whilst carrying on the business was to repay principal and
interest. That obligation having been undertaken in the course of earning
assessable income and for that purpose, it seems to follow that the interest
payments on such borrowings continued to be outgoings incurred as contemplated
in subs 51(1) until some event or circumstances arose to break the necessary
nexus, cessation of the business of the partnership not necessarily being
sufficient for such purpose.

As is observed in some of the cases, the passage of a substantial period of
time after the cessation of business may be relevant to the question but not
necessarily conclusive. In such cases passage of time may lead to the
inference that the taxpayer has kept the loan on foot for reasons unassociated
with the former business. … These are not the circumstances of the present
case. It is clear from the findings of the Tribunal, and it is consistent with
the way in which the case has been conducted that the respondent has not been
in a position to repay the loan, although she has been attempting to do so as
best she can from the resources available to her. This demonstrates that the
failure to repay the loan over the quite lengthy period since her husband’s
death is attributable to her financial position and not to any decision to
keep the loan on foot for other reasons.

107 The Full Federal Court upheld this decision. They said at 4,141:

We agree with his Honour that the refinancing in May 1996 did not break the
nexus between the interest expense and the business. It is well established
that when an original borrowing is refinanced, the new financing takes on the
same character as the original borrowing. The character of the loan is not
changed. See _FC of T v JD Roberts; FC of T v Smith_ 92 ATC 4380 at 4388;
(1992) 37 FCR 246 at 257 and _FC of T v The Midland Railway Co (WA) Ltd_
(1952) 9 ATD 372 at 377; (1951 – 1952) 85 CLR 306 at 313. All that happened in
the present case was that the identity of the borrower changed and the rate of
interest was lower. The taxpayer was financially unable to repay the ANZ loan
without taking out another, and this she did in order to obtain a more
favourable rate of interest. In all respects the new borrowing with [_sic_]
referable to the same “occasion” as its predecessor. …

108 Section 51 of the ITAA is different from s 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA in that
the latter specifically provides that interest payable on capital employed in
acquiring income is deductible whereas the former has no such specific
provision. Yet, in _Roberts & Smith_ and _Jones_ , the interest was considered
to be deductible.

109 There are other differences between the Australian legision and the ITA as
noted by Chao J in _Andermatt_ (see [65] above). Nevertheless, in my view,
those differences do not diminish the persuasive weight of _Roberts & Smith_
and _Jones_ on the issue relating to the Guarantee Expenses. Indeed, _Roberts
& Smith_ was one of the Australian cases which I had said at [66] above that
Chao J had cited without apparent demur. Furthermore, as I mentioned above at
[104], Chao J was of the view that _Roberts & Smith_ was a case where there
was a direct link between the money borrowed and the income produced, unlike
the facts before him in _Andermatt_. I would add that as the Board did not
place reliance on the facts in _Andermatt_ , which were different from those
before me, I do not propose to elaborate on such facts here.

110 In _Rakyat Berjaya Sdn Bhd v Ketua Pengarah Hasil Dalam Negeri_ (1999)
MSTC 3,731 (“ _Rakyat Berjaya_ ”), the first loan obtained by the taxpayer was
to pay royalties in ringgit currency. The taxpayer obtained a second loan from
the same bank in US currency to finance working capital requirements and
investments in project. The taxpayer had wanted to take advantage of foreign
exchange benefits. The second loan was used to pay the first loan. The Inland
Revenue accepted that interest on the first loan was deductible under s
33(1)(a) of the Malaysian ITA 1967. However, it contested the deductibility of
interest on the second loan. The High Court of Sabah and Sarawak decided it
was deductible. Charles Ho J said at 3,735:

To my mind what is of real importance is that the second loan was fully used
to pay off the first loan. In the circumstances and the undisputed facts in
this case, I agree with counsel for the appellants that the second loan should
be considered as a replacement loan or refinancing. It follows, as a matter of
logic and common sense that since interest payments on the first loan were
deductible (conceded by Revenue) because they fall within the provisions of s
33(1)(a) of the Act, interest payments on the second loan would also be
deductible for income tax purposes.

However, the Board distinguished _Rakyat Berjaya_ on the basis that there, the
second loan was exactly of the same character as the first loan.

111 In my view, while it is true that there was, strictly speaking, no second
loan as such in the present case, the bank guarantees nevertheless constituted
a second facility. They still amounted to a refinancing which enabled the
release of funds to pay the Syndicated Loan. In the circumstances, I do not
see why the nature of the second facility should make a difference. The main
components of the Guarantee Expenses were based on interest calculations as
well. Although the business of IA has abated, if not stopped altogether, that
should make no difference in view of _Jones_ and also CIT’s concession that it
was not using the argument that the expenses must be incurred in the same
period when the income is earned.

112 I now come to a case which CIT relied on although the Board did not rely
on it for the Guarantee Expenses issue. In _Montreal Coke_ , the taxpayer had
financed its business by money borrowed from the public on interest-bearing
bonds. The principal and interest were payable at the bond-holders’ option in
US dollars. Owing to market conditions, the taxpayer decided to redeem the
bonds and to issue new bonds at lower rates and less onerous conditions. The
exercise incurred expenses which included a premature payment premium, an
exchange premium as the existing bondholders elected to be paid in US dollars,
commission to underwriters, interest on overlapping periods, and legal and
printing expenses. The question was whether such expenses were deductible from
income. The Privy Council decided they were not. Lord Macmillan said at 746:

The question at issue turns entirely upon the terms of the Income War Tax Act,
1927. Part II of the Act, which is headed “Exemptions and Deductions,”
contains sect. 6 which has a sub-heading “Deductions from income not allowed.”
So far as relevant to the present purpose sect. 6 reads as follows:

6\. In computing the amount of the profits or gains to be assessed, a
deduction shall not be allowed in respect of (a) disbursements or expenses not
wholly, exclusively and necessarily laid out or expended for the purpose of
earning the income; (b) any outlay, loss or replacement of capital or any
payment on account of capital or any depreciation depletion or obsolescence,
except as otherwise provided in this Act.

By sect. 9 of the Act the tax is charged upon income and by sect. 3 income is
defined to mean annual net profit or gain.

It is important to attend precisely to the language of sect. 6. If the
expenditure sought to be deducted is not for the purpose of earning the
income, and wholly, exclusively and necessarily for that purpose, then it is
disallowed as a deduction. If the expenditure is a payment on account of
capital it is also disallowed. The appellants say that the outlays in question
were made wholly exclusively and necessarily for the purpose of earning income
and were not payments on account of capital. The respondent maintains the
contrary.

The justification for upholding the deductions claimed could not be more
attractively presented than it is in the judgment of RINFRET, J (now Chief
Justice of Canada), with which TASCHEREAU, J., concurred. The judge says:

There are two ways of increasing the profits from a trade or commercial or
other calling; either by increasing the earnings while the expenses remain the
same or by decreasing the expenses while the earnings remain the same. Of
course, if the expenses diminish at the same time as the gross earnings are
increased the profits will be correspondingly larger and the proposition just
mentioned is only made more evident … In order to pay a lower interest and to
get rid of the exchange rates it was necessary to redeem the original bonds;
and therefore the expenses required to achieve that result were wholly,
exclusively and necessarily laid out or expended for the purpose of decreasing
the fixed interest and exchange charges and accordingly “for the purpose of
earning the income.”

Down to the last nine words quoted the statement of RINFRET, J., is
unexceptionable, but their Lordships are unable to accompany him in leaping
the last fence. If the statute permitted the deduction of expenditure incurred
for the purpose of increasing income the appellants might well have prevailed.
But such a criterion would have opened a very wide door. It is obvious that
there can be many forms of expenditure designed to increase income which would
not be appropriate deductions in ascertaining annual net profit or gain. The
statutory criterion is a much narrower one. Expenditure to be deductible must
be directly related to the earning of income. The earnings of a trader are the
product of the trading operations which he conducts. These operations involve
outgoings as well as receipts and the net profit or gain which the trader
earns is the balance of his trade receipts over his trade outgoings. It is not
the business of the appellants to engage in financial operations. The nature
of their business is sufficiently indicated by their titles. It is to these
businesses that they look for their earnings. Of course, like other business
people, they must have capital to enable them to conduct their enterprises,
but their financial arrangements are quite distinct from the activities by
which they earn their income. No doubt the way in which they finance their
businesses will or may reflect itself favourably or unfavourably in their
annual accounts but expenditure incurred in relation to the financing of their
businesses is not in their Lordship’s opinion, expenditure incurred in the
earning of their income within the statutory meaning. The statute in sect.
5(b) above quoted significantly employs the expression “capital used in the
business to earn the income,” differentiating between the provision of capital
and the process of earning profits.

Section 5(b) of the relevant legislation there permits the deduction of “such
reasonable rate of interest on borrowed capital used in the business to earn
the income as the Minister in his discretion may allow”.

113 However, it is also important to note that at 747, Lord Macmillan also
said:

It was conceded in the courts in Canada, and in any event it is clear, that
the expenses incurred by the appellants in originally borrowing the money
represented by the bonds subsequently redeemed were properly chargeable to
capital and so were not incurred in earning income. If the bonds had subsisted
to maturity the premiums and expenses then payable on redemption would plainly
also have been on capital account. Why then should the outlays in connection
with the present transactions, compendiously described as “refunding
operations,” not also fall within the same category? Their Lordships are
unable to discern any tenable distinction. In the history of both companies
the financial re-adjustment of their borrowed capital was an isolated episode,
unconnected with the day to day conduct of their businesses, and the benefit
which they derived was not “earned” by them in their businesses.

114 Accordingly, the earlier passage of Lord Macmillan’s judgment must be read
in the context that the original expenses were treated as capital in nature.

115 There is one other point I should mention. The Board was of the view that
the repayment of the Syndicated Loan had in turn augmented IA’s capital
structure because IA was able to increase its unsecured loans to its holdings
and to its ultimate holding company to the tune of several millions of dollars
in the same year, but after the money in the Project Account was released,
_ie_ 1995\. The Board was of the view that this supported the conclusion that
the Guarantee Expenses were incurred not just to pay the Syndicated Loan but
also to enlarge the permanent capital of IA.

116 I do not agree. In the illustration given by Hill J in _Roberts & Smith_,
a loan may be used to repay a partner in a firm who then uses the money to
purchase a house. That would not change the character of the repayment to him.
In my view, the increase in the loans to the holding companies does not change
the fact that the Guarantee Expenses were incurred to enable the repayment of
the Syndicated Loan, the purpose of which was to acquire trading stock. The
character of the repayment remains the same whatever else IA may have done as
a consequence of the repayment of the Syndicated Loan. (See also the judgement
of Mason J in the _CAGA_ case cited in _Hunter Douglas_ , _supra_ [50]).

117 As I have concluded that the purpose of the Syndicated Loan was revenue in
nature as it was to acquire trading stock, I am also of the view that the
Guarantee Expenses are deductible under s 14(1) of the ITA.

**Summary**

118 In the circumstances, I allow the appeal of IA in respect of the Borrowing
Expenses, the Prepayment Penalty and the Guarantee Expenses, all of which are
deductible under s 14(1) of the ITA. The relevant assessments of CIT are
reduced accordingly. CIT is to pay IA’s costs of this appeal and of the
hearing before the Board, which costs are to be agreed or taxed.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See para 105 of CIT’s Case.

[note: 2]See paras 66 and 77 of the Board’s grounds of decision

[note: 3]See para 265 of CIT’s Case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

