Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Leow Chin Hua v Ng Poh Buan  
[2005] SGHC 39

Case Number | : | Suit 359/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Wai Nam and Leonard Loo (Wong M Seow and JYP Chia) for the plaintiff; M Mahendran, S Sidambaram and Harvindarjit Singh (Surian and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Leow Chin Hua — Ng Poh Buan   
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Fraudulent misrepresentation – Whether
defendant made false representations of fact to plaintiff – Whether party that
had opportunity to inspect documents but did not do so was deprived of right
to assert that he was deceived by false representation  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Inducement – Whether plaintiff induced by
defendant's representations to part with money – Whether false statement had
effect on party that conducted its own investigation and did not rely on
misrepresentation  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Statements of intention – Whether defendant's
statements of intention constituted statements of fact – Whether fact
allegedly misrepresented constituted defendant's state of mind  
  

25 February 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Leow Chin Hua (“Leow”), who claimed to have lost a large
sum of money that he had invested in Shen Poh Ceramics Pte Ltd (“SPC”), sought
to recover his loss from the defendant, Mr Ng Poh Buan (“Ng”), on the ground
that he was induced to invest the said money in SPC by the latter’s fraudulent
misrepresentation of facts. Ng denied Leow’s allegation of misrepresentation.

**Background**

2 Leow, a businessman, is the sole proprietor of Singa Furniture and
Renovation Contractor. Ng was the sole proprietor of Shen Poh Ceramics
Enterprise (“Enterprise”), which was in the business of supplying ceramic
tiles to building contractors. His main customers were contractors who were
involved in the Housing and Development Board’s upgrading projects. Other
customers included Leow, who occasionally purchased ceramic tiles from Ng for
his own renovation projects.

3 As Ng’s ceramic tile business improved, he had cash-flow problems. In
mid-2002, he approached Leow for financial assistance. Leow, who gave him
$20,000 for the purpose of purchasing tiles for one of Enterprise’s on-going
projects, insisted on having a share of the profit for this project. Upon
completion of this project, Ng paid Leow $24,000, a sum that included the
latter’s share of the profit.

4 In early 2003, Ng was again short of money. On this occasion, he needed
money to purchase tiles for, _inter alia_ , a building project in Jalan Ahmad
Ibrahim. He turned to Leow, who agreed to provide him with $30,000 for this
project. According to Ng, this money was given to him on the basis that Leow
was to have a share of the profit. Leow had regarded the $30,000 as an
investment, as can be seen from his Statement of Claim and his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. However, during the trial, he changed his mind and said
that this sum of money had been loaned to Ng.

5 After having worked together on two projects, Leow and Ng had discussions
about working together in the ceramic tiles trade. Leow said that he noticed
that Ng was a good salesman and he found Ng trustworthy. He added that Ng had
painted a very rosy picture of Enterprise’s business and had told him in
January 200 that, in the previous year, Enterprise’s turnover was at least
$800,000 and its profit was $200,000. Leow claimed that Ng refused to show him
Enterprise’s accounts although he repeatedly asked to see them. On the other
hand, Ng said that he gave Leow a copy of Enterprise’s accounts and that the
latter, knowing the real state of affairs, decided that it was worth his while
to take a stake in Enterprise’s business. Whichever version of events is more
likely to be true will be discussed later on. What needs to be noted now is
that in July 2003, a limited company, namely SPC, was formed to take over
Enterprise’s business. Both Leow and Ng were shareholders and directors of
SPC, with each having an equal stake in the new company.

6 The same problems of shortage of cash that plagued Enterprise haunted SPC.
Leow claimed to have made a series of investments with respect to SPC and
procured credit facilities for the company. He also claimed that he allowed
SPC to be largely run by Ng in the first few months but by the end of December
2003, he sensed that something was amiss with SPC’s business. He ousted Ng and
took over complete control of the company. In para 15 of his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, he unashamedly stated that he “threw” Ng out of the office
and prevented him from having access to the same. He said that it was then
that he discovered that Ng had lied to him about the state of Enterprise’s
business prospects and financial position. Leow claimed that by then, SPC was
in such a bad shape that he could do nothing to save it. On the other hand,
Ng, who pointed out that SPC was making a profit for the first few months of
2003 until he was barred from its premises, said that SPC’s financial position
would have been very different today if Leow, who did not have much experience
in the ceramic tile business, had not taken control of the company.

7 In May 2004, Leow instituted the present proceedings against Ng. In his
Statement of Claim, he asserted that he had been induced to invest in SPC by a
number of fraudulent representations that were allegedly made by Ng in March
2003. The false representations, which were listed in para 3 of the Statement
of Claim, are as follows:

(a) [Enterprise] was making an annual turnover of $800,000.00 for the year
2002;

(b) [Enterprise], after deducting expenses and costs from its income, was
making a profit of $200,000.00 per annum;

(c) [Ng] would transfer all businesses and revenue of [Enterprise to SPC]; and

(d) [Enterprise] would then cease to do business by 18 June 2003 and cease to
exist.

**Whether there was any misrepresentation**

8 To succeed in his claim, Leow has to prove that the alleged false
representations of fact were made by Ng to him in March 2003 and that he was
induced by the said representations to part with his money.

**_The two statements of intention_**

9 To begin with, two of the alleged false representations by Ng, namely that
he would transfer all the businesses and revenue of Enterprise to SPC and that
Enterprise would cease to do business by 18 June 2003, were supposed to have
been made in March 2003, several months before SPC was formed. As such, these
two statements as to what would be done in the future are statements of
intention. It is trite law that a statement of intention is not a statement of
fact unless there is proof that at the time the statement of intention was
made, the person who made it had no intention to do what he said he would do,
in which case the fact that has been misrepresented is actually the state of
that person’s mind. While the state of a man’s mind is as much a fact as the
state of his digestion, Bowen LJ rightly pointed out in _Edgington v
Fitzmaurice_ (1885) 29 Ch D 459 at 483, that it is very difficult to prove
what the state of a man’s mind is at a particular time. In the present case,
no attempt was made by Leow or any of his witnesses to show what Ng’s state of
mind was when he allegedly made these statements of intention in March 2003.
That being the case, nothing more need be said about these two alleged
statements of intention.

**_The statement regarding Enterprise’s turnover_**

10 As for the third representation allegedly made by Ng, namely that
Enterprise’s turnover in 2002 was $800,000, evidence was tendered that its
turnover in 2002 was not less than this figure. In view of this, the question
of misrepresentation does not arise in relation to Enterprise’s annual
turnover in 2002.

**_The statement regarding Enterprise’s net profit_**

11 Leow’s final complaint is that Ng orally misrepresented to him that
Enterprise’s profit in 2002 was $200,000. He claimed to have asked repeatedly
for Enterprise’s accounts and that Ng never showed him the accounts for 2002,
which showed that Enterprise made a gross profit of $191,037.56 but suffered a
net loss of $38,731.86.

12 Ng denied having said to Leow that Enterprise’s net profit was $200,000
after expenses and costs were deducted. He asserted that what he had told Leow
about Enterprise’s profit in 2002 was that its gross profit was $200,000,
which he said was not far from the actual figure of $191.037.56. More
importantly, he also asserted that he had furnished Leow with the relevant
accounts of Enterprise before the latter agreed to take a stake in SPC. As
such, Leow knew the actual position with respect to Enterprise’s gross profit
and net profit for 2002. He testified that Leow had been concerned that
overhead costs, which ate into the gross profits of Enterprise, were very high
and had said that ways must be found to have these costs trimmed down.

13 Where, as in the present case, a plaintiff alleges that an oral
misrepresentation has been made, much turns on whether the court believes the
plaintiff or the defendant. At the outset, it ought to be noted that Leow is
not an inexperienced businessman as he has been a businessman for more than 17
years. He knew that he had to inspect Enterprise’s accounts to know the true
position, as can be seen from the demands he made on numerous occasions to see
Enterprise’s accounts before and after the formation of SPC. If, as he
claimed, Ng failed to produce the accounts for inspection, this would have
alerted him to the fact that something was amiss, and especially so since he
knew from his dealings with Ng that Enterprise had been desperately short of
money in the past and he had had to inject money into Enterprise’s projects on
a couple of occasions to keep it afloat. Leow would not have been easily put
off by Ng’s excuses whenever he asked for the accounts. After all, he is not a
meek person, as evidenced by the bold steps he took against Ng when, in his
own words, he “threw” the latter out of SPC and kept him out of the office. It
is thus most unlikely that he would pump hundreds of thousands of dollars into
SPC on the basis of the alleged representation that Enterprise’s annual net
profit in 2002 was $200,000 without verifying from its accounts whether this
was really the case. Admittedly, a party who has had the opportunity to
inspect documents but does not do so is not necessarily deprived of the right
to assert that he was deceived by a false representation: see _Redgrave v
Hurd_ (1881) 20 Ch D 1. However, it is quite clear that if a party conducts
his own investigation and does not rely on the misrepresentation, it can no
longer be said that the false statement had an effect on him: see _Attwood v
Small_ (1838) 6 Cl & Fin 232; 7 ER 684. In the present case, I have no doubt
that Leow inspected Enterprise’s accounts before agreeing to join forces with
Ng in the ceramic trade, and that after having done so, he found it worth his
while to set up SPC with Ng to take over Enterprise’s business.

14 The evidence offered by Leow and his witnesses was far too unsatisfactory
to convince me that his version of events ought to be preferred. Leow’s
credibility as a witness was severely dented by his vacillation on several
occasions and by his contradiction both of his own affidavit of evidence-in-
chief and the Statement of Claim on innumerable occasions. Two illustrations
of the totally unsatisfactory evidence that severely damaged Leow’s
credibility may be given. The first concerns the $30,000 that he handed over
to Ng in March 2003, before SPC was formed. In his Statement of Claim and in
para 9 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Leow stated that this sum of
money was an investment and that he had been induced to part with it as a
result of Ng’s misrepresentation of Enterprise’s financial position. However,
when cross-examined, he contradicted himself and completely undermined his
case for recovering this sum on the ground of misrepresentation when he said
as follows:

Q. When you gave the loan of $30,000, had any misrepresentation been made.

A. No.

15 As Leow conceded that no false representation had been made when he parted
with the $30,000, he had no basis whatsoever for saying that he had been
induced by a false representation to part with this sum. Apart from this, he
also showed how unreliable a witness he was when he vacillated between
regarding the $30,000 as an investment and as a loan. He explained that if the
sum was an investment, he and Ng would have shared the profit and loss in the
project. On the other hand, if the $30,000 was a loan, he was entitled to have
it back together with interest regardless of whether Ng made a profit on the
project. After a while, Leow finally decided that para 9 of his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief was wrong and that the $30,000 sum was indeed a loan. While
he might have thought that this volte-face helped his case, it did not for the
simple reason that the written agreement executed by both parties on 3 March
2003 made it very clear that the $30,000 was his investment in Ng’s building
project at, _inter alia_ , 322 Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim. It provided as follows:

The _investor_ , **Mr Steven Leow Chin Hua** , has agreed to _invest_ an
amount of S$30,000.00 as working capital partnership with **SHEN POH CERAMICS
ENTERPRISE** for the above-mentioned project, **PCI AT 322 JALAN [AHMAD]
IBRAHIM & CHURCH/INSTITUTIONAL DEVELOPMENT**, and understand that _both
parties will share the cost and net profit_ in the end of project. …

The final net profit will be tabulated by **SHEN POH CERAMICS ENTERPRISE**

[emphasis in italics added]

16 As he was named as an investor in the said agreement and he was to share
the cost and net profit of the project in question with Ng, how Leow could now
say that he had given Ng a loan of $30,000 cannot be fathomed.

17 The second illustration of how Leow scuttled his own case with his
inconsistent evidence relates to the issue of inducement. He asserted in his
Statement of Claim that he had been induced by Ng’s false representations to
arrange for a letter of credit for $194,000 for SPC. However, he admitted
during cross-examination that matters other than the alleged false
representations occupied his mind at the material time. The relevant questions
and his answers are as follows:

Q Since you were coming out with $194,000 for the letter of credit, were you
not concerned about the profit margin for the project in question?

A Yes. [Ng] told me there would be a 20–30% profit.

Q When you decided to open the letter of credit, this profit margin was
operating in your mind?

A Yes.

Q That was the _only_ thing operating on your mind when you opened the letter
of credit?

A Yes.

Q _Nothing else operated on your mind_?

A _No other reason._

Q. You were concerned with the 20–30% profit margin _and nothing else_?

A _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

18 Leow’s unsatisfactory evidence on the issue of inducement was also evident
when he was cross-examined about the $30,000 that he had handed over to Ng in
March 2003. Apart from admitting that at the material time, no
misrepresentation had yet been made, Leow agreed that he could not have been
induced by any false representation by Ng about Enterprise’s net profit in
2002 because during cross-examination he said as follows:

Q Is it true that when you gave the loan of $30,000, you were not concerned
with whether or not the company was then making a profit?

A Yes. …

19 The above-mentioned examples are merely a small sample of Leow’s
contradictory evidence. Apart from his unsatisfactory evidence during cross-
examination, Leow should also be taken to task for furnishing to the court a
totally unacceptable report on the findings of the auditors whom he had hired
to conduct an investigative audit of SPC, because the makers of the said
report testified that documents that they had requested for were not furnished
to them and that had these documents been furnished to them, their conclusions
might have been very different. Evidently, Leow had given his auditors only a
limited number of documents and the fact that other relevant documents were
available was not disclosed by him.

**Conclusion**

20 To sum up, after having had the opportunity to evaluate the evidence of
Leow and Ng and to observe their demeanour, I hold that Ng did not make the
alleged representation regarding the net profit of Enterprise and that he
furnished Leow with the relevant accounts before Leow started investing in
SPC. I thus find that Leow was fully aware of Enterprise’s financial position
when he and Ng decided to form SPC to take over Enterprise’s business. That
being the case, he did not prove his assertion that there had been a
fraudulent misrepresentation by Ng that induced him to invest in SPC. Leow’s
claim against Ng is thus dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

