Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yee Hong Pte Ltd v Tan Chye Hee Andrew (Ho Bee Development Pte Ltd, Third
Party)  
[2005] SGHC 163

Case Number | : | Suit 814/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edwin Lee (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiff; Engelin Teh SC and Thomas Sim (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the defendant; Paul Sandosham (Wong Partnership) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Yee Hong Pte Ltd — Tan Chye Hee Andrew — Ho Bee Development Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Whether court having jurisdiction to
stay proceedings and order parties to arbitrate where no arbitration agreement
between parties existing – Whether court should stay proceedings and order
parties to arbitrate where prior related matter between similar parties
referred to arbitration – Section 6(5) Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  

31 August 2005

Lai Siu Chiu J:

**The facts**

1 Ho Bee Development Pte Ltd (“the Third Party”) is the developer of a
condominium project known as Southaven II (“the Project”) at Upper Bukit Timah
Road. Yee Hong Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) was the main contractor appointed
under an agreement dated 18 November 1996 (“the main contract”) while Andrew
Tan (“the Defendant”) was the architect appointed by the Third Party for the
Project. The Defendant practises under the name and style of Andrew Tan
Architects Pte Ltd.

2 The main contract incorporated the Singapore Institute of Architects (“SIA”)
Articles and Conditions of Building Contract – Measurement Contract (4th Ed,
1988) which contains an arbitration clause.

3 The commencement date of the main contract was 25 April 1996. The original
contract period was 24 months. It was subsequently extended three times by the
Defendant so that ultimately the completion date became 27 October 1998. The
Defendant certified that the Project was completed on 8 February 1999 and a
completion certificate was eventually issued four months later on 14 June 1999
followed by a final certificate on 8 February 2002.

4 Under the main contract, liquidated damages of $22,000 were payable for each
day of delay. By a letter dated 28 February 2001 (“the delay certificate”),
the defendant certified that there had been 104 days of delay and that the
total liquidated damages payable amounted to $2,288,000.

5 The Plaintiff commenced this suit against the Defendant in relation, _inter
alia_ , to the delay certificate that the Defendant had issued.

6 The Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim alleged, _inter alia_ , that the
Defendant breached his duties as the architect for the Project by wrongfully
issuing the delay certificate which was backdated to 28 October 1998. The
Plaintiff asserted that the Defendant failed to act fairly and impartially in
administering the main contract as, at the time he issued the delay
certificate, he was aware that there were factors which entitled the Plaintiff
to extensions of time. The Defendant had in fact recommended that the Third
Party grant extensions of time to the Plaintiff by his letters to the Third
Party dated 23 December 1998, 6 January 1999 and 21 May 1999 respectively.
However, no extensions of time were granted by the Third Party.

7 The Plaintiff alleged that by withholding extensions of time which the
defendant well knew the Plaintiff was entitled to, the Defendant had acted
under the influence or interference of the Third Party.

8 As a result of the Defendant’s issuance of the delay certificate, a sum of
$2,288,000 was withheld by the Third Party from the Plaintiff as liquidated
damages, thereby causing loss, damage and expense to the Plaintiff.

9 The Plaintiff further alleged that the Defendant engaged in private
correspondence with the Third Party relating to certification functions. The
Defendant wrongfully allowed the Third Party to obstruct his decisions and
failed to act independently by agreeing to act in accordance with the Third
Party’s wishes. Another allegation made against the Defendant was that he
wrongfully failed to certify variations.

10 On 24 December 2004, the Defendant joined the Third Party to the action by
issuing a Third Party Notice against the Third Party. On 3 February 2005, the
Third Party applied by way of Summons in Chambers No 600 of 2005 (“the
Application”) for the following orders:

(a) that the Third Party Notice be set aside and/or struck out as disclosing
no reasonable cause of action, being frivolous or vexatious and/or was
otherwise an abuse of the process of the court;

(b) that all further proceedings in the Defendant’s action commenced against
the Third Party by way of the third party proceedings (“the Third Party
Proceedings”) be stayed pursuant to s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002
Rev Ed);

(c) in the alternative, that further proceedings in the Plaintiff’s action in
this suit and/or the subject matter and issues in this suit in so far as they
affected or sought to affect or determine the rights and liabilities between
the Plaintiff and the Third Party under the main contract be set aside and/or
struck out as being frivolous or vexatious, or were otherwise an abuse of the
process of the court, and/or be stayed and referred to arbitration; and

(d) that the costs of and occasioned by the Third Party Proceedings, including
the costs of the Application, be paid by the Defendant to the Third Party.

The ground for the Application was that the Third Party in the contracts which
it had entered into separately with the Plaintiff and the Defendant, had
agreed to refer to arbitration the matters in respect of which both this
action and the Third Party Proceedings were brought.

11 The Application was heard and dismissed with costs by the assistant
registrar on 15 April 2005. The Third Party appealed against the assistant
registrar’s decision in Registrar’s Appeal No 99 of 2005 (“the Appeal”). I
heard and allowed the appeal as follows:

(a) these proceedings would be stayed and would be referred to arbitration
together with the stayed proceedings in Suit No 1094 of 2001;

(b) costs of $2,500 would be paid by the Plaintiff to the Third Party and
costs below of $5,000 awarded to the Plaintiff against the Third Party would
be reversed in the Third Party’s favour.

12 The Plaintiff has now filed a Notice of Appeal (in Civil Appeal No 75 of
2005) against my decision.

13 Before I deal with the submissions raised at the appeal, I will refer
briefly to Suit No 1094 of 2001 (“the earlier suit”). The Plaintiff was also
the plaintiff in the earlier suit and sued the Third Party as the defendant
for the balance moneys outstanding under interim certificates nos 39 and 40
issued by the architect (the Defendant). The action was stayed by the
assistant registrar on 28 November 2001 on an application by the defendant
(the Third Party). The Plaintiff’s appeal to a judge in chambers against the
stay order was dismissed on 8 January 2002. The earlier suit was discontinued
on 8 March 2002. As at the date of hearing of this appeal, apart from a notice
of arbitration issued by the Third Party to the Plaintiff and dated 14
February 2005, no steps have been taken to bring the dispute between them to
arbitration. The inaction on the part of the Plaintiff is indicative of its
reluctance to proceed to arbitration on its claim against the Third Party.

**The submissions**

14 At the outset, counsel for the Third Party informed the court that he would
not be pursuing the first limb of the appeal praying that the Third Party
Notice be struck out. Rather, the Third Party would argue on the second and
third prayers of the appeal, _viz_ that all further proceedings in this action
be stayed and referred to arbitration.

15 Counsel for the Third Party pointed out that it did not make sense for the
Plaintiff’s claim against the employer (the Third Party) in the earlier suit
to be referred to arbitration and not the Plaintiff’s claim against the
architect (the Defendant). Counsel for the Defendant aligned herself with the
Third Party’s stand and confirmed that her client had “no problem” in being
added to the arbitration proceedings between the Plaintiff and the Third
Party.

16 Counsel for the Plaintiff, on the other hand, argued against the stay,
pointing out that no arbitration clause governed the dispute between the
Plaintiff and the Defendant; in any case the Plaintiff’s claim against the
Defendant was founded in tort, not in contract.

17 I rejected the Plaintiff’s submissions and made the orders in [11] above.
Subsequently, the Plaintiff wrote in for further arguments by its counsel’s
letter dated 26 May 2005, pursuant to s 34(1)_(c)_ of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed). Essentially, the Plaintiff contended
that contrary to the arguments canvassed at the appeal on behalf of the Third
Party, the court had no jurisdiction to make the orders that I did, in
compelling the Plaintiff and the Defendant to proceed to a tri-partite
arbitration with the Third Party. The Plaintiff submitted that a stay of court
proceedings could only be ordered where parties had an arbitration agreement.
The earlier suit concerned the main contract between the Plaintiff and the
Third Party in which there was an arbitration clause. The Defendant and the
Third Party had a separate contract that also contained an arbitration clause.
However, there was no arbitration agreement between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant.

18  The Plaintiff submitted that forcing the parties to go for a tri-partite
arbitration would not be feasible but would be extremely confusing for the
following reasons:

(a) Between the Plaintiff and the Third Party, the arbitration clause in the
main contract provided for the arbitrator to be nominated by the SIA.

(b) Between the Defendant and the Third Party, the arbitration clause in the
service agreement (dated 23 August 1993) was silent on the appointee, which
meant that the arbitrator would be nominated by the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre in the event the parties failed to agree.

(c) Additionally, the Third Party had no _locus standi_ to advance an
application on the Defendant’s behalf. Only the Defendant could apply for a
stay but he was precluded from doing so as he had taken numerous steps in
these proceedings which had been ongoing for two years.

19 I rejected the Plaintiff’s request for further arguments, hence its appeal
to the Court of Appeal.

**The decision**

20 I had accepted the submission of counsel for the Third Party that it was
highly unsatisfactory for one dispute (between the Plaintiff and the Third
Party) to be referred to arbitration and for another (between the Plaintiff
and the Defendant) to be litigated separately, when both disputes arose out of
the same project. Such a state of affairs would not determine the whole
dispute among all three parties. Who would ultimately decide the dispute
concerning extensions of time and whether the delay certificate was properly
issued? What if the trial judge for this suit was to reach a finding on these
issues different from or inconsistent with, the arbitrator in the arbitration
between the Plaintiff and the Third Party?

21 I had inquired of counsel for the Plaintiff as to the reason why his client
wanted to have two separate forums to adjudicate disputes arising out of the
same project. I received no satisfactory answers other than the argument that
there was no arbitration agreement that applied and it was a claim in tort
which the Plaintiff was making against the Defendant.

22 It would be appropriate at this juncture to look at the arbitration
provisions in the agreements that govern the relationship between two of the
three parties. The arbitration clause (cl 37(1)) in the main contract reads as
follows:

Any dispute between the [Third Party] and the [plaintiff] as to any matter
arising under or out of or in connection with this Contract or under or out of
or in connection with the carrying out of the Works and whether in contract or
tort, or as to any direction or instruction or certificate of the Architect or
as to the contents of or granting or refusal or reasons for any such
direction, instruction or certificate shall be referred to the arbitration and
final decision of a person to be agreed by the parties or, failing agreement
within 28 days of either party by or on behalf of the President or Vice-
President for the time being of the SIA or, failing such appointment within
the 28 days of receipt of such written request, such person as may be
appointed by the Courts.

23 The arbitration clause (cl 10) in the service agreement between the Third
Party and the defendant is differently worded and reads:

Any difference or dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
between the [Third Party] and the [defendant] shall be referred to arbitration
by a person to be agreed upon between the parties or failing agreement within
fourteen days after either party has given to the other a written request to
agree to the appointment of an Arbitrator, a person to be nominated by the
President of the Singapore Institute of Architects at the request of either
party and all arbitration proceedings shall be in accordance with and subject
to the provisions of the Arbitration Act Cap 10 of the Singapore Statutes,
1988 Revised edition or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereto for
the time being in force.

24 Section 6(1) of the Arbitration Act reads:

Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings in any
court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter which
is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any time
after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other step
in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.

25 I shall deal first with the argument by counsel for the Plaintiff that the
court had no jurisdiction to force the Plaintiff to arbitrate on its dispute
with the Defendant, in the absence of an arbitration provision. It is my view
that the power of the court to do so is contained in s 6(5) of the Arbitration
Act. It states:

For the purposes of this section, a reference to a party includes a reference
to _any person claiming through or under such party_. [emphasis added]

26 I read the italicised of the above subsection to include the Defendant who
by the Third Party Proceedings was making a claim for an indemnity or
contribution through or under the Third Party (who had an arbitration
agreement with the Plaintiff). Moreover, the wording of cl 37 in the main
contract (see [22] above) was very wide. It encompassed claims in contract as
well as in tort and any direction or instruction or certificate of the
Defendant.

27 I should also point out that counsel for the Third Party had informed the
court that the Plaintiff had in the earlier suit raised the same allegations
it had made against the Defendant in this suit – it had alleged interference
by the Third Party in the Defendant’s functions as an architect, even though
the claim there was in contract and related to the withholding of the balance
due under interim certificates nos 39 and 40. Having checked the file, I can
confirm that the Third Party’s submission is correct. I noted therefrom that
the second affidavit, filed (on 9 November 2001) by the Plaintiffs’ general
manager, Tan Eng Siong, to support the Plaintiff’s (unsuccessful) O 14
application, raised the same allegations that are pleaded in the Statement of
Claim in this suit. Consequently, the arbitration proceedings between the
Plaintiff and the Third Party would cover the same issues as this suit. This
was not a desirable situation in terms of saving time and costs.

28 In arriving at her decision to refuse a stay of the Third Party
Proceedings, the assistant registrar below had opined that granting a stay
would result in multiplicity of proceedings as the very same issues would be
decided by three different tribunals, _viz_ :

(a) as between the Plaintiff and the Defendant in the courts;

(b) as between the Plaintiff and the Third Party in arbitration; and

(c) as between the Defendant and the Third Party in a separate arbitration.

In the light of the orders I made, the fear of multiplicity of proceedings
would appear to be unfounded.

29 Counsel for the Plaintiff had submitted that his client had an arguable
case against the Defendant for (numerous) breaches of duty of care as an
architect. Counsel for the Third Party on the other hand cast doubts on the
merits of the Plaintiff’s claim, pointing out that the Plaintiff’s basis for
this argument was very tenuous; in fact, it was based on a one-liner from the
judgment of Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) in _Hong Huat Development Co (Pte)
Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] SGHC 131 (“the _Hiap Hong_ case”) at
[193] which decision went on appeal (see _Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat
Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 458).

30 I was puzzled by the Plaintiff’s submission. I did not strike out the claim
under O 18 r 19(1)(a), r 19(1)(b) or r 19(1)(c) of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2001 Rev Ed) as prayed for in the Application, I merely directed a
stay of the entire proceedings. Ordering the Plaintiff to arbitrate its claim
against the Defendant (who agreed to be bound thereby) was not tantamount to
saying that the Plaintiff’s claim had no merits. Far from it. It only meant
that there was another, and in my view more suitable, forum for the three
parties involved to have all their disputes relating to one project
determined.

31 As for the Plaintiff’s other argument that this suit was commenced two
years ago whilst the Third Party only came into the picture lately, the
Plaintiff’s lack of action in proceeding with the arbitration ordered for the
dispute in the earlier suit, belied its anxiety to have that and this claim
adjudicated.

32 I turn next to the case cited by the Third Party, _viz_ the _Hiap Hong_
case ([29] _supra_). There, Woo JC had ruled that where an architect was
employed on a standard form building contract with a procedure for the issuing
of certificates of payment, there was an implied term between the employer and
the architect that the architect would exercise his certification functions
according to the terms of the contract.

33 The Court of Appeal was tasked with determining the question posed to Woo
JC:

What is the nature or extent of the term to be implied as regards the duties
of [an employer] in relation to the certifying functions of [an] architect
under the SIA Conditions?

34 Chao Hick Tin JA (who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal) held
that an architect performed dual functions under a building contract. First,
he acts on the instructions of his employer. Second, he evaluates and
certifies the work done by the contractor. In his second function as
certifier, the architect must act fairly and independently and is not subject
to the directions or instructions of either party although he must listen to
both parties before he arrives at his decision.

35 The Third Party next referred to _Man B &W Diesel S E Asia Ltd v PT Bumi
International Tankers_ [2004] 2 SLR 300 (“ _Man B &W_”) for its submission
that the Defendant did not owe a duty of care to the Plaintiff, with whom he
had no contractual relationship. I should point out that the Court of Appeal
held that on the special facts of that case, it was unnecessary to indicate
whether the duty of care should or should not have been extended at all to a
claim for economic losses in respect of chattels. There, the appellant company
had sold and serviced engines manufactured by its UK parent company and which
it supplied to the builder of the respondent’s ship. Neither the appellant nor
its parent company had a contract with the respondent shipowner.

36 Chao Hick Tin JA in _Man B &W_ cautioned that the principles in _RSP
Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 113 (“
_Ocean Front_ ”) and in _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v MCST Plan No
1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449 (“the 1999 case”) should not be extended to new
situations, save where the facts were identical.

37 In _Ocean Front_ , the Court of Appeal allowed the plaintiffs’ claim for
economic loss because there was a sufficient degree of proximity between the
developers and the management corporation (“the MC”) to give rise to a duty on
the part of the developers to take care to avoid causing the MC the kind of
damage (spalling of concrete and water ponding in common areas) the latter had
sustained.

38 In the 1999 case, the MC of a condominium sued the architects of the
development for the cost of repair and rectification to damage to the roof and
walls, alleging the architects had been negligent in their design and/or their
supervision of the construction of the development. The architects then joined
the main contractor as a third party alleging that the walls had failed
because the main contractor had been negligent in their construction. The
trial judge allowed the claim of the MC but dismissed the third party claim.
The architects appealed.

39 In dismissing the architects’ appeal, L P Thean JA (who delivered the
judgment of the Court of Appeal) held that there was a sufficient degree of
proximity in the relationship between the MC and the architects as would give
rise to a duty on the part of the architects to avoid the loss sustained by
the MC in the case. The element of reliance was present. The MC depended on
the developer, _inter alia_ , to unite resources and to co-ordinate the
execution of the project, and on the architects, _inter alia_ , to get the
design of the building right.

40 I have taken pains to review _Ocean Front_ and the 1999 case as neither
would appear to support the Plaintiff’s contention that the Defendant as an
architect _per se_ owed it a duty which counsel for the Plaintiff said had
been breached 11 times over. I believe counsel for the Plaintiff had in this
regard relied on the following extract from Woo JC’s decision in the _Hiap
Hong_ case in which, after reviewing _Ocean Front_ and the 1999 case, Woo JC
said at [193]:

I think that a strong argument can be made that an architect/certifier does
owe a duty of care not only to the owner but also to the contractor to avoid
pure economic loss. An architect must know that both intend to rely on his
fairness as well as his skill and judgment as a certifier … The architect must
also know that if he is negligent in issuing certificates he might cause loss
to one of these parties.

41 However, what counsel may have overlooked is that in a later paragraph, at
[195], Woo JC said:

I need say no more on this point as it is not necessary for me to decide
whether an architect, as certifier, owes a duty of care to the contractor.

Consequently, it would be wrong for the Plaintiff to rely on Woo JC’s decision
as authority for the proposition that the Plaintiff could sue the Third
Party’s architect for economic loss. I noted from the lengthy Statement of
Claim filed by the Plaintiff, that its claims against the Defendant were
essentially for the contractual sums owed to the Plaintiff (and withheld) by
the Third Party under the main contract.

42 A case relied on by the Plaintiff where a stay of proceedings was refused
was _Taunton-Collins v Cromie_ [1964] 2 All ER 332. Counsel for the Third
Party, however, distinguished that case on its facts. The headnotes of the
case read as follows:

The plaintiff employed an architect and contractors to build him a house. The
building contract was in the R.I.B.A. form and contained an arbitration
clause. The plaintiff found the house unsatisfactory; he sued the architect
who in his defence partly blamed the contractors. The action was referred to
an official referee. The plaintiff joined the contractors as co-defendants.
The contractors applied for a stay of proceedings under s 4 of the Arbitration
Act, 1950; a stay was refused. On appeal,

Held: it was undesirable that there should be two proceedings before two
different tribunals (the official referee and an arbitrator) who might e.g.,
reach inconsistent findings; accordingly there were special reasons for the
exercise of the discretion to refuse a stay of execution.

It is clear from the headnotes why the court refused a stay. On the flipside
of the same coin, a stay should be ordered where, as in this case, it would
otherwise result in a multiplicity of proceedings before different tribunals.

43 For the reasons set out earlier, it seemed to me that justice would be best
served if the three parties proceeded to arbitration to determine their
respective claims, defences and counterclaims if any. Accordingly, I stayed
these proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

