Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Vanmaichelvan s/o Barsathi and Another  
[2005] SGHC 78

Case Number | : | CC 41/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Lee, Adam Nakhoda and Daphne Chang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Subhas Anandan and Anand Nalachandran (Harry Elias Partnership) for the first accused; John Abraham (John Abraham) and K Jayakumar Naidu (Segeram and Co) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Vanmaichelvan s/o Barsathi; S Manogaran   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Accused convicted of
trafficking 499.99g of cannabis – One other trafficking charge taken into
consideration – Accused had previous drug antecedents – Whether sentence
imposed on accused was crushing  
  

22 April 2005

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused, Vanmaichelvan s/o Barsathi is appealing against the sentence I
imposed on him for trafficking 499.99g of cannabis.

2 The accused, who is 35 years old and was a supervisor in a cleaning company,
appeared before me with another person, S Manogaran (“Manogaran”).

3 At the outset, each of them faced two charges. The accused faced a capital
charge of trafficking 749.17g of cannabis and a non-capital charge of
trafficking 458.91g of cannabis mixture. Both offences were alleged to have
been committed on 2 April 2004 at the cleaner’s store in the National Dental
Centre (“NDC”) to which the accused had access in the course of his work.
Manogaran was charged with abetting the accused in the commission of the two
offences.

4 The accused and Manogaran claimed trial to the charges they faced and were
tried together.

5 However, on the fourth day of the joint trial, the Prosecutor amended the
charge of trafficking cannabis against the accused. The amendment was to
reduce the quantity of cannabis stated in the charge from the original 749.17g
to 499.99g. The effect of the amendment was that the accused would not face
the mandatory death sentence if he was convicted, but was liable to a maximum
sentence of 30 years’ imprisonment or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of
the cane and a minimum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes.

6 The accused pleaded guilty to the amended charge and admitted the Statement
of Facts[1] prepared by the Prosecution, the relevant portions of which are:

6 Whilst at the vicinity of the rubbish collection centre, the accused
admitted to ASP Krishnan [the investigation officer of the case] that he had
hidden the drugs belonging to _the accomplice_. The accused then led the party
of CNB officers to the cleaner’s store 8-1 on the 8th floor of the NDC. In the
cleaner’s store, the accused indicated to ASP Krishnan, by pointing with his
hand, that the drugs were kept above the false ceiling at the right-hand
corner of the cleaner’s store. ASP Krishnan then recovered from above the
false ceiling the following:-

a) a paper bag (Kolber-Geneve) containing 1 plastic bag with 1 block and loose
vegetable matter and 3 blocks of vegetable matter wrapped with aluminium and
adhesive tapes

b) 1 block of vegetable matter wrapped with aluminium foil and adhesive tapes

7 The accused subsequently gave an oral statement to SI Ang in Tamil that the
drugs that had been recovered belonged to the accomplice and that the
accomplice had given him the drugs four to five days ago. The accused also
admitted that he was keeping the drugs for _the accomplice_ until the
accomplice found a customer for the drugs.

[emphasis added]

The accused was then convicted on the amended charge.

7 The Prosecutor applied for the charge for trafficking in the cannabis
mixture to be taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The
accused consented to the application and admitted to that charge.

8 The Prosecutor then produced a record of the accused’s antecedents[2] which
he admitted to. The record revealed a history of drug offences. He had been
convicted on one charge of drug trafficking, two charges of possession of
drugs and one charge of consumption of a drug on 19 October 1990 and had been
sentenced to a total of 62 months’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.
On 29 November 1995, he had been placed under drug supervision for 24 months
for consuming a controlled drug. The accused informed me that the drug
involved in those cases was heroin.[3]

9 Then his counsel, Mr Subhas Anandan, made the plea in mitigation on his
behalf. Mr Anandan told me:

… _I’m instructed_ _to inform your Honour that_ _the accomplice, Manogaran, is
a childhood friend who approached the Accused for help in storing the drugs.
The Accused found it difficult to say “no” and agreed to hold it,_ but told
him to take it off as soon as he can. The Accused was not paid anything for
this, your Honour. There was no arrangement for him to get any profit out of
this.[4] …

and

… he has already told the DPP that _he will be a prosecution witness and do
what he can in resolving this matter_.[5] … I hope your Honour will not give
him a crushing sentence, your Honour, in that it will not be too heavy, your
Honour. … Crushing sentence would be somewhere to the maximum, your Honour. I
hope that will not happen because he has pleaded guilty after all, and he’s
going to be a prosecution witness.[6]

[emphasis added]

10 After hearing Mr Anandan, the Prosecutor did not address me on sentence. I
reviewed the facts of the case, the accused’s antecedents and the plea in
mitigation. When I passed sentence, I told the accused:

I’m sure you are acutely aware of what has happened. You were facing the death
penalty, you are no longer facing that now. You have pleaded guilty to a
charge for trafficking in 499.99 grams of cannabis; agreed to have taken into
account for purpose of sentencing another charge for trafficking in cannabis
mixture. But on the facts, you admit that actually the cannabis involved
exceed 500.

Now, on your antecedents it is clear that this is not just a “one off”
incident where you obliged a friend. You have a history of criminality with
regard to the same drug – cannabis [this was incorrect, as his previous
offences involved heroin] – and, really, I cannot see how we can just regard
this as an incident of somebody helping a childhood friend because he found it
difficult to say “no”. All right, I mean you must be very naïve you behaved
that way, and I must be very naïve if I accept it that you behaved that way.

I give due recognition to those parts of the mitigation that has been brought
up to me, the fact that you will evidence in this case and the fact that you
have pleaded guilty.[7]

I sentenced him to 26 years’ imprisonment with 15 strokes of the cane.

11 I do not regard this to be a crushing sentence, as the maximum term is life
imprisonment or 30 years and the minimum sentence is 20 years, _and_ taking
into account his drug antecedents _and_ the second trafficking charge that was
taken into account for the purpose of sentencing. To me, it was a fair and
appropriate sentence on the facts then before me.

12 I would, in a normal case, have ended here and would not have gone further,
but this turned out to be a most unusual case where the accused went on to say
on oath that some of the facts he had admitted to in court and significant
parts of the mitigation plea made on his behalf were untrue.

13 What happened was that after the charges against the accused were disposed
of, the case against Manogaran went on. In accordance with the understanding
that was alluded to, the accused was called to give evidence as a witness for
the Prosecution.

14 The prosecutor asked him questions on Manogaran’s involvement with the
drugs, and received surprising replies. I set out some of the questions and
answers:

Q: Now, with respect to the 749.17 grams of cannabis and 458.91 grams of
cannabis mixture, did the Accused Manogaran have anything to do with them?

A: No.[8]

…

Q: Now, witness, do you recall that on the 13th of January when you pleaded
guilty to the charge, you agreed to the Statement of Facts at the same time?

A: I agreed to take the offer and, as such, I agreed to whatever Statement of
Facts.[9]

…

Q: Now, can you look at paragraph 7 [of the Statement of Facts], in fact, look
at paragraph 6 as well, Mr Vanmaichelvan. Right, in paragraph 6, you have
admitted to the part that says, that you admitted to ASP Krishnan that you had
hidden the drugs belonging to the accomplice, the accomplice being the Accused
in the dock. Do you see that?

A: Sir, at that point of time, I was told by my counsel that since an offer
was made to me, I should accept whatever that was stated. As such, it did not
matter to me what was stated in the Statement of Facts, I took the offer.

Q: Now, look at paragraph 7, again, you agree that you gave a statement to SI
Ang that the drugs that they recovered belonged to the Accused and that the
Accused had given you the drugs 4 to 5 days ago.

A: Sir, the fact is, it’s not true, Sir, paragraph 7 is not true. … I admitted
it, but paragraph 7 is not true.

Q: Now, in fact, besides the Statement of Facts, during your plea in
mitigation, the counsel has said that he was instructed by you that the
Accused [Manogaran] is a childhood friend who approached you for help in
storing the drugs, and that you had found it difficult to say “no”. And you
agreed to store it and you asked him to take it away as soon as possible. …
[Y]our counsel also told the Court that you were not paid for helping the
Accused to keep the drugs. Do you remember that, your counsel saying those
during your case?

A: Sir, I did not listen to what counsel was saying on my behalf in
mitigation, the fact is it’s not true. I admitted the wrong that I did and
I’ve been punished.[10]

…

Q: Now, in that case, witness, would you be able to tell us why did your
counsel say those things during your plea in mitigation?

A: Sir, I was given this offer and I was considering the welfare of my family
and child. I wanted to live, Sir, as such I took the offer, and whatever the
counsel said on my behalf, he did it so that I could get this offer.[11]

…

Q: Now, witness, I’m putting it to you that in paragraph 6 [of the Statement
of Facts], you had admitted to ASP Krishnan tht the drugs belonged to the
Accused Manogaran.

A: I disagree.

Q: And that is the reason why you agreed to that paragraph of the Statement of
Facts on the 13th of January.

A: I was given an offer. I did not want to waste that offer and that is why I
agreed to the Statements of Facts on that day.

Q: Now I’m referring to paragraph 7 now. I’m putting it to you that you did
give a statement to SI Ang which was interpreted by ASP Krishnan, saying that
the drugs belonged to the Accused Manogaran.

A: I disagree.[12]

…

Q: Now, witness, I’m putting it to you that you had agreed to the Statement of
Facts, namely, paragraph 7, the first sentence, second portion which states
that the Accused Manogaran had given you the drugs four to five days ago. You
agreed to that because that was the truth. I’m putting it to you.

A: I disagree.

Q: And I’m putting it to you that you agreed to the next sentence as well in
paragraph 7: “The Accused also admitted that he was keeping the drugs for
Manogaran, the accomplice …”. You agreed to that part of the Statement of
Facts as well on the 13th of January because that was the truth.

A: I disagree. I had been advised by my counsel. Since I was taking up the
offer, I was to agree and admit to whatever that was put to me.[13]

…

Q: Now, witness, did you say that to ASP Krishnan as stated in the paragraph
[para 7].

A: I did not tell him that.

Q: Now, I put it to you, witness, that you did say to ASP Krishnan what was
stated in that sentence of paragraph 7, namely that you had nothing to do with
the drugs and that it belonged to the Accused Manogaran, and that you were
only doing Manogaran a favour by storing the drugs for him.

A: I disagree. I did not tell.

Q: Now, look at the last sentence of paragraph 7, (reads) “Vanmaichelvam again
mentioned that the drugs belonged to the accused Manogaran and I told him that
he should reveal this fact to the court”. Do you agree that you said that to
ASP Krishnan?

A: No, I did not.

Q: Now, I put it to you that you have in fact said that to ASP Krishnan.

A: I disagree. I did not tell this.[14]

15 I have set out the questions and answers at length to show the extent of
and reasons for the accused’s change of position.

16 He disavowed without apology significant parts of the mitigation plea that
his counsel had made _on his instructions_.

17 When Manogaran’s connection with the drugs was brought up by Mr Anandan in
the mitigation plea, I took it into account in deciding on the sentence I
imposed.

18 If that had not been brought up, there was little that mitigated the
offence and sentence except that the accused had pleaded guilty. Even as
regards that, however, there was already a trade-off. In exchange for
admitting his guilt, the weight of the cannabis stated in the charge was
reduced to 499.99g from the true weight of 749.17g to enable him to avoid the
death sentence. When he pleaded guilty to the amended charge in such
circumstances, he had already obtained the benefit of his plea from the
reduction of the charge. His plea would not have had the same impact on
sentence as a plea of guilt made without a trade-off.

19 If he had instructed Mr Anandan honestly, Mr Anandan would not have said
most of what was said in mitigation on his behalf, including the assertion
that he was only storing the drugs for Manogaran at the latter’s request, and
I would probably have imposed a heavier sentence.

20 Nevertheless, the accused still feels that the sentence imposed is too
harsh on him, and that he deserves a lower sentence.

  

* * *

[1]Exhibit G.

[2]Exhibit H.

[3]Notes of Evidence, pp 338–339.

[4]Notes of Evidence, pp 341–342.

[5]Notes of Evidence, p 342.

[6]Notes of Evidence, p 343.

[7]Notes of Evidence, p 344.

[8]Notes of Evidence, p 510.

[9]Notes of Evidence, p 511.

[10]Notes of Evidence, pp 512–513.

[11]Notes of Evidence, p 513.

[12]Notes of Evidence, p 518.

[13]Notes of Evidence, p 522.

[14]Notes of Evidence, pp 531–532.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

