Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chew Seow Leng v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | Cr App 16/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Kew Chai J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Choon Mong (David Rasif and Partners) and Teo Choo Kee (CK Teo and Co) for the appellant; Bala Reddy and Seah Kim Ming Glenn (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chew Seow Leng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Chain of custody –
Whether there was break in chain of custody of drugs seized  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Mandatory death
penalty – Whether mandatory death penalty legal  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Statutory
presumption of possession for purpose of trafficking – Drug trafficking
paraphernalia seized together with drug exhibits – Whether paraphernalia
circumstantial evidence supporting statutory presumption – Section 17(c)
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Amalgamation of charges –
Separate quantities of drugs seized from different locations – Weight of each
quantity exceeded statutory threshold triggering mandatory death penalty under
Misuse of Drugs Act – Whether amalgamation of charges bad for duplicity –
Whether failure of justice occasioned  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Voluntariness – Accused did
not challenge voluntariness of statements at trial – Whether trial judge
correct to place weight on statements  
  

7 March 2005

Lai Kew Chai J:

1 The appellant was convicted on 8 September 2004 on the following charge:

You, Chew Seow Leng, Male/43 years, NRIC No S1510659Z

are charged that you, on or about the 7th day of January 2004 between 11.45 am
and 12.05 pm, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A of the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 (“the Act”) by having
in your possession,

(i) 4 packets of granular substance containing not less than 149.1 grams of
diamorphine in a taxi bearing registration number SHA 3884X along Puay Hee
Avenue, Singapore; and

(ii) a total of ten (10) packets, two (2) straws and one (1) container of
granular substance containing not less than 77.47 grams of diamorphine at No 2
Topaz Road #03-01, Topaz Mansion, Singapore,

_totalling 226.57 grams of diamorphine, of which more than 15 grams of
diamorphine_ _are_ for the purpose of trafficking, without any authorisation
under the Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby
committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Act
and punishable under section 33 of the Act.

[emphasis added]

2 We dismissed the appeal against conviction and sentence, and set out our
reasons below.

**The facts**

3 On 7 January 2004, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”),
acting on information received, spotted and trailed the appellant. The
officers intercepted the taxi the appellant was travelling in and arrested
him. A red paper bag, containing another yellow paper bag, was found next to
the appellant on the rear seat. The red paper bag was later found to contain
149.1g of diamorphine.

4 After his arrest, the appellant gave a statement to Senior Station Inspector
Siew Lai Lone. He admitted to owning the red paper bag, and said that it
contained 4 _lb_ of heroin that he had obtained from his supplier. He also
disclosed the address of his rented apartment (“the apartment”).

5 A second party of CNB officers, led by Staff Sergeant Tony Ng (“SSgt Ng”),
took over custody of the appellant and the exhibits seized from the taxi. The
appellant was brought to the apartment, where two Chinese males, Boo Hang
Guang (“Boo”) and Tan Ah Leng (“Tan”), were found, and arrested. The appellant
led the officers to various parts of the master bedroom and adjoining toilet,
from which a total of 77.47g of diamorphine was seized. A pocket weighing
scale and more than 3,000 small empty plastic packets were also recovered.

6 SSgt Ng recorded a second statement from the appellant, in which the
appellant again admitted that there were 4 _lb_ of heroin in the red paper
bag. He said that while Boo and Tan occasionally went to the apartment to
consume heroin and spend the night, they had nothing to do with the drugs
seized.

7 SSgt Ng took custody of the exhibits seized from the apartment. He later
handed over custody of all the exhibits seized from the taxi and the apartment
to the investigating officer, Assistant Superintendent Goh Boon Pin (“ASP
Goh”), after informing ASP Goh of where the exhibits were found. ASP Goh took
the exhibits back to the CNB headquarters, where they were kept in a locked
safe and cabinet in his office. On the night of 7 January 2004, ASP Goh
weighed the drugs in the presence of the appellant, who did not dispute their
weight.

8 The appellant exhibited drug withdrawal symptoms later that night and was
referred to Changi Prison Hospital. There, he told both a staff nurse and Dr
Mohd Emran Mamat (“Dr Emran”) that he had consumed about one packet of heroin
a day for the preceding two months, and three straws on the morning of 7
January 2004. The appellant subsequently recovered and was discharged.

9 In his statements to ASP Goh made after his discharge from Changi Prison
Hospital, the appellant, who was unemployed, said that he had resumed selling
heroin because he was heavily indebted to loan sharks. The heroin seized from
the apartment was the remainder of 4 _lb_ he had purchased from his supplier
in December 2003. He would repack 1 _lb_ of heroin into 56 smaller packets,
which he sold for $300 each. He would also take heroin from the small packets
whenever he wanted to and consumed about one packet a day. The appellant
reiterated that Boo and Tan had nothing to do with the drugs seized from the
apartment, and said that he gave the two men heroin free of charge, although
they would sometimes give him money and buy food for him.

10 At trial, the Prosecution applied to amalgamate into one charge the
original two separate charges in respect of the drugs seized from the taxi and
the apartment. Defence counsel did not object, and the trial proceeded on the
basis of the amalgamated charge. The appellant did not challenge the
voluntariness of his statements. Boo and Tan both testified that the appellant
had given them heroin free of charge. Tan added that he considered the
appellant to be a heavier consumer of heroin than himself. However, Dr Emran
testified that he was of the opinion that the appellant suffered only mild
withdrawal symptoms. If the appellant actually consumed heroin at the rate he
claimed, the symptoms that would have been exhibited would be more severe. The
Prosecution’s expert witness, Dr Rasaiah Munidasa Winslow (“Dr Winslow”),
concurred with Dr Emran’s assessment. The appellant elected to remain silent
when called upon to enter his defence, and no defence witnesses were called.

**The decision below**

11 Tay Yong Kwang J found that the Prosecution’s evidence proved that the
appellant was in possession of the drugs seized from the taxi and the
apartment (see [2004] SGHC 227). He was satisfied, on the evidence, that SSgt
Ng had taken custody of the drugs seized from the taxi and had retained them
until he handed them over to ASP Goh. Tay J likewise accepted ASP Goh’s
evidence as to his handling of the exhibits, and noted that the appellant
neither disputed the weight of the drugs when they were weighed in his
presence nor qualified the amount seized in his later statements under s
122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). Thus,
Tay J found that there was no break in the chain of custody of the drugs.

12 Since the amount of diamorphine seized from the appellant exceeded 2g, the
statutory presumption in s 17(c) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“ the MDA”) applied. The appellant was presumed to have had the drugs in
his possession for the purpose of trafficking, and bore the burden of
rebutting the presumption on a balance of probabilities. Defence counsel,
relying on the appellant’s statements to ASP Goh, submitted that the appellant
consumed about 7.5g of heroin daily from his stock whenever he wanted to. He
disagreed with the two doctors’ assessment of the severity of the appellant’s
drug addiction. Finally, counsel submitted that it would be prudent to assume
that the appellant would want to hold on to his heroin supplies because of,
firstly, his high rate of consumption, and secondly, his evidence that his
supplier would contact him when supplies were available but he could not
contact his supplier to ask for supplies.

13 However, Tay J decided that the appellant’s undisputed statements and the
drug paraphernalia seized actually buttressed the statutory presumption that
the appellant was trafficking in heroin. Further, he found no evidence upon
which a meaningful apportionment of the drugs could be made between that meant
for the appellant’s personal consumption and that meant for trafficking. In
any event, even if the appellant’s contentions were accepted, there was no
chance of arguing that the appellant had trafficked in 15g or less of
diamorphine, such that he could escape the death penalty. Therefore, Tay J
amended the charge to include the italicised words as shown at [1] above. The
amended charge was read back to the appellant, who maintained his plea of “not
guilty”.

14 Finally, in response to the argument by defence counsel that the mandatory
death penalty imposed under the MDA was unconstitutional, Tay J expressed his
agreement with the decision of Kan Ting Chiu J in the High Court in _PP v
Nguyen Tuong Van_ [2004] 2 SLR 328.

**The appeal**

15 At the hearing before us, the appellant’s present counsel criticised the
amalgamation at the trial of the two original charges against the appellant.
Other points were raised in written submissions but not pursued at the
hearing. In addition, counsel contested the legality of the mandatory death
penalty imposed under the MDA, notwithstanding the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Nguyen Tuong Van v PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 103 upholding the decision of
Kan J in the High Court. We will address each issue in turn.

**_Amalgamation of charges_**

16 Counsel for the appellant argued that Tay J should not have allowed the
Prosecution to proceed with the amalgamated charge, as the drugs seized from
the taxi and the apartment constituted two distinct and separate charges.
Consequently, the amalgamated charge was bad for duplicity and contrary to s
168 of the CPC, which requires each distinct offence to be the subject of a
separate charge. Recognising that s 396 of the CPC operated such that the
appellant’s conviction would be disturbed only if the duplicity of charges
alleged occasioned a failure of justice, counsel cited case authorities where
duplicity of charges was held to occasion a failure of justice.

17 We rejected this argument. It was not disputed that the two quantities of
drugs seized were found at different places and times. However, counsel for
the appellant failed to explain how this fact advanced the appellant’s case
that the two quantities should have been the subject of two separate charges.

18 As the Prosecution submitted, the crux of the appellant’s charge was that
the appellant was in possession of the drugs for the purposes of trafficking.
For the appellant to be found to have been in possession of the drugs, he must
have had physical control of the drugs and knowledge of their existence: _Fun
Seong Cheng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 523.

19 There could be no issue as to the drugs seized from the taxi. The drugs
were found in the red paper bag next to the appellant, and the appellant
admitted in his statements that he owned the bag and knew what its contents
were.

20 As for the drugs seized from the apartment, the appellant clearly knew of
their existence. Indeed, he indicated their locations to the CNB officers
conducting the search. With regards to physical control, the appellant was not
precluded from being in possession of the drugs in the apartment at the time
of his arrest merely because he was arrested in the taxi before the apartment
was searched. The drugs need not be found on the appellant physically for him
to be in physical control of the drugs for the purposes of s 17 of the MDA:
_Shahary bin Sulaiman v PP_ [2004] 4 SLR 457 at [10].

21 The apartment was rented by the appellant alone. All the drugs seized from
the apartment were found in the master bedroom and adjoining toilet. The
appellant repeatedly said in his statements that Boo and Tan used the other
bedroom when they slept over, and that they had to inform him first before
they entered or left the apartment. Since only the appellant had access to and
the use of the master bedroom and toilet, he had custody and control of, and
thus was in possession of, the drugs seized from the apartment.

22 In the circumstances of this case, the amalgamation of the original charges
was proper. It is clear that the Prosecution has a wide discretion to
determine the charges that are preferred against an offender: _Thiruselvam s/o
Nagaratnam v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 125. Multiple charges of drug possession for the
purposes of trafficking in different locations and at different times may be
amalgamated: _Yong Yow Chee v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 273. The weight of each of the
two quantities of heroin seized from the appellant exceeded the 15g threshold
that would trigger the mandatory death penalty under the MDA. The two
quantities were seized in quick succession within 20 minutes. The same
standards of proof and statutory presumptions would have been applicable. This
case, however, did not involve the amalgamation of multiple charges of drug
possession where the quantity involved in each charge fell below the statutory
threshold for invoking the death penalty, but where the combined quantity
would cross the threshold.

23 The cases cited by counsel for the appellant on the duplicity of charges
were all distinguishable from this case. _Tham Wing Fai Peter v PP_ [1988] SLR
424 and _Chinniah v PP_ [1948] MLJ 59 were cases where the offenders were
properly convicted on multiple distinct charges where each criminal act
constituted a separate offence. The case of _See Yew Poo v PP_ [1949] MLJ 131
involved one charge that disclosed an offence punishable under two different
provisions. Finally, _Wee Hui Hoo v PP_ [1987] 1 MLJ 498 and _Muthan v PP_
[1947] MLJ 86 were cases that involved alternative provisions creating
separate and distinct offences. None of these situations were applicable to
this appeal, and there was no issue as to any duplicity of charges in this
case.

24 In any event, there was nothing to suggest that the appellant was misled by
the amalgamation of the original charges, or that a failure of justice was
occasioned as a result. The appellant was represented by counsel at his trial,
and neither he nor his counsel raised any objections to the amalgamation. In
these circumstances, it was insufficient for the appellant to submit on appeal
that he had been misled because he was a layman ignorant of the law.

**_Chain of custody of the drug exhibits_**

25 The appellant criticised the evidence of SSgt Ng and ASP Goh as to the
custody and handling of the drugs seized from him. It is trite law that an
appellate court will not disturb the findings of fact made by the trial judge,
unless they are clearly reached against the weight of the evidence or plainly
wrong. The appellate court must bear in mind that it has neither seen nor
heard the witnesses and has to pay due regard to the trial judge’s findings
and reasons: _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713, _Ameer Akbar v Abdul Hamid_
[1997] 1 SLR 113. This is especially the case where the findings turn on the
trial judge’s assessment of the credibility and veracity of the witnesses:
_Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656.

26 The appellant seized on the apparent lack of clarity in SSgt Ng’s evidence
on SSgt Ng’s cross-examination by defence counsel, which was said to cast
doubt on the chain of custody of the various drug exhibits. However, what was
evident from the transcript was that there was some degree of miscommunication
and antagonism between SSgt Ng and defence counsel, which affected to some
degree the clarity of SSgt Ng’s evidence. Nevertheless, the essence of SSgt
Ng’s evidence could still be discerned.

27 Tay J had found that SSgt Ng had taken custody of the red paper bag seized
from the taxi. SSgt Ng had brought the bag to the apartment and had held on to
it until ASP Goh arrived, after which he handed over custody of the bag to ASP
Goh. Although SSgt Ng could not recall exactly when the handover took place
and did not make a record of the handover, there was nothing to suggest that
the handover did not take place, or that there was any mix-up or impropriety
with the handling of the bag. Likewise, the evidence was clear that SSgt Ng
had taken and retained physical custody of the exhibits seized from the
apartment until he handed them over to ASP Goh. He made it clear in his
evidence that he had in fact handed the exhibits over, and did not merely
recite as his evidence the usual practice for handling drug exhibits. No other
quantities of drugs were seized from the appellant apart from those seized
from the taxi and the apartment, and CNB did not conduct any other arrests on
7 January 2004.

28 Turning to ASP Goh, Tay J noted that there was no requirement that ASP Goh
give SSgt Ng a written acknowledgment when the latter handed over the exhibits
to him. We saw no reason to depart from this, although it may be desirable as
a matter of practice for such acknowledgments to be given when drug exhibits
are transferred by one officer to another, to ensure that the exhibits are
accounted for at all times. In light of the evidence of ASP Goh, the absence
of this acknowledgment did not undermine the Prosecution’s case. ASP Goh had
fully accounted for his handling of the exhibits at all times, and there was
no evidence that the integrity of the exhibits was impaired by their storage
in his locked safe and cabinet. The appellant argued that the drugs, which had
been weighed in his presence, should also have been sealed in his presence,
with him acknowledging that the weighing and sealing had been conducted before
him. However, there was no requirement that the exhibits be sealed in the
appellant’s presence.

29 We found no reason in the present case to disturb the findings of fact made
by Tay J. It is crucial to note that the appellant never challenged the weight
of the drugs seized from him, both when the drugs were weighed before him on
the night of 7 January 2004 and in his cautioned statements recorded later.
Tay J had also ruled out the possibility of a mix-up in the exhibits.

**_Circumstantial evidence confirming the presumption of trafficking_**

30 The appellant argued that Tay J had wrongly found that the empty plastic
packets and pocket weighing scale seized from the apartment supported the
presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of the MDA. He claimed that he could
have finished all the drugs seized given sufficient time as he was a hard-core
addict who had been detained at drug rehabilitation centres on six previous
occasions. He asserted that the two doctors’ assessments of his drug addiction
on the basis of the withdrawal symptoms he exhibited were inconclusive.
Finally, Tan had given evidence that he considered the appellant to be an even
more severe addict than he was.

31 The appellant was found in possession of two quantities of heroin. The
weight of each quantity far exceeded the 2g threshold for diamorphine beyond
which the presumption of trafficking under the MDA applied. As the learned
judge said, the burden therefore fell on the appellant to rebut this
presumption. However, the appellant failed to do so.

32 It is established law that possession of drug trafficking paraphernalia may
be relevant as circumstantial evidence of drug trafficking: _Chan Hock Wai v
PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 728. The pocket weighing scale and empty plastic packets
would have been useful for the purposes of drug trafficking, and had been
recovered from the apartment along with a substantial quantity of heroin. The
appellant did not explain why these items were found there, which he would
have had little need for had he merely been a drug consumer.

33 Tay J had correctly refused to apportion the drugs seized from the
appellant into portions for the appellant’s consumption and for trafficking.
The test for apportionment in _Jusri bin Mohamed Hussain v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 29
requires credible evidence that part of the drugs seized was meant for self-
consumption, as well as of the offender’s rate of consumption and the number
of days the drugs were meant for. It was insufficient to rely on the mere say-
so of the offender. However, at trial, the appellant relied almost entirely on
his statement to ASP Goh that he consumed one packet of heroin a day. This
evidence was clearly inadequate. No new evidence pertaining to the appellant’s
drug consumption and addiction was adduced before us.

34 Furthermore, Tay J, after refusing to apportion the drugs seized from the
appellant, had nonetheless gone on to comprehensively consider the appellant’s
arguments, assuming the appellant’s stated rate of consumption to be correct.
He concluded that there was a significant shortfall that was unaccounted for
between the 4 _lb_ the appellant obtained in December 2003 and the 2 _lb_
seized from the apartment, factoring in the amount the appellant could have
consumed. As for the drugs seized from the taxi, Tay J had found it unlikely
that the appellant had obtained that substantial quantity to hoard it for his
own consumption, when he was unemployed and heavily indebted to loan sharks.
The appellant himself had said that his financial difficulties were the reason
he resorted to drug trafficking. Once again, the appellant failed to
demonstrate why Tay J’s decision here should be disturbed.

35 It was insufficient for the appellant to simply rely on the possibility
raised in the evidence of Dr Emran and Dr Winslow of exceptional cases where a
severe drug addict would fail to exhibit correspondingly severe drug
withdrawal symptoms, without going on to show that he was indeed such an
addict. Dr Emran, who had examined the appellant, was of the opinion that the
appellant exhibited only mild withdrawal symptoms. Dr Winslow, concurring with
Dr Emran, added that it was generally unlikely for a severe drug addict to
exhibit only mild withdrawal symptoms. In the face of the evidence of Dr Emran
and Dr Winslow, Tan’s evidence was of little value in this case. Tan based his
opinion on his observing the appellant consuming heroin on each of the seven
or eight times he stayed over at the apartment, presumably using his own drug
consumption as a yardstick. This was an inadequate and inconclusive basis for
any credible conclusion on the severity of the appellant’s drug addiction.

36 The appellant asserted in written submissions that the rate of consumption
of a hard-core heroin addict with easy access to heroin would rise
exponentially, as he required ever higher quantities to achieve the same level
of satisfaction. This was a completely new point that was not canvassed at
trial, and was not substantiated in submissions. Further, counsel for the
appellant saw fit to support this bare assertion by including as exhibits
pages apparently downloaded off the Internet without making a proper
application to adduce fresh evidence on appeal. In any case, the material
exhibited would not have satisfied the test for adducing fresh evidence set
out in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 and affirmed in cases such as
_Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 338. The material could have been
obtained with reasonable diligence for use at trial. A perusal showed it to be
extremely broad and general, with no indication of the credentials of the
writer and publisher, which thus undermined its relevance and credibility.

**_Reliance on the appellant’s statements_**

37 Counsel for the appellant submitted that Tay J was wrong to place much
weight on the appellant’s statements when the voluntariness of the statements
had not been tested. This argument is seriously flawed. At no time during the
trial did the appellant challenge the voluntariness of any of his statements,
expressly or otherwise. Consequently, there was no need for the Prosecution to
prove that the statements were made voluntarily in this case: _PP v Mohamed
Noor bin Jantan_ [1979] 2 MLJ 289. In his written submissions on appeal, he
also did not challenge the voluntariness of his statements. The statements
were admissible as evidence, and Tay J was free to place such weight on them
as was appropriate in light of the circumstances and other evidence. To accept
the appellant’s arguments would mean accepting the illogical proposition that
the appellant’s silence in the face of his inculpatory statements rendered the
statements unreliable, when there was no material to test the statements
against.

38 The appellant never denied in his statements that he was engaged in drug
trafficking or that he had given drugs free of charge to Boo and Tan. In his
cautioned statements to ASP Goh, he went into significant detail as to how he
carried out drug trafficking activities. During the trial, he did not dispute
or deny the contents of these inculpatory statements, choosing to keep silent
when called upon to enter his defence. Tay J had carefully scrutinised the
statements and there was nothing to suggest that the weight Tay J had placed
on the statements was wrong.

**_Legality of the mandatory death penalty_**

39 Counsel for the appellant recognised that the Court of Appeal had just
recently reiterated its position on the legality of the mandatory death
penalty imposed under the MDA in its decision in _Nguyen Tuong Van v PP_ ([15]
_supra_). We had held, after hearing exhaustive and wide-ranging argument,
that the mandatory death penalty was constitutional and did not breach
customary international law. Yet, in the same breath, counsel submitted that
the death sentence imposed by the trial judge was unlawful and contravened the
Constitution and international law, and invited this court to reconsider its
position _vis-à-vis_ the mandatory death penalty. There was an obvious
contradiction in counsel’s submissions that he did not appear to be conscious
of. Be that as it may, we affirmed the decision in _Nguyen Tuong Van v PP_ ,
and have nothing further to add.

40 The rest of counsel’s submissions on this issue were disposed of briefly as
they were generally not on point. Counsel’s suggestion that this court send a
“memorandum of concern” to the Cabinet to consider an alternative sentence of
life imprisonment for drug-trafficking offences was wholly inappropriate in
view of the clear separation of powers under the Constitution. We also
respectfully disagreed with counsel’s assertion that our society is
indifferent to whether a convicted drug trafficker is hanged or imprisoned for
life, now that a term of life imprisonment is for the remainder of the
convict’s natural life. The mandatory death penalty imposed under the MDA
reflects our society’s abhorrence of drug trafficking, and counsel presented
nothing before this court to show that society’s views have changed on this
issue. Furthermore, any changes to the MDA to reflect changing social
attitudes towards drug offences, if indeed a change has taken place, is a
matter that is, more appropriately, within the purview of Parliament.

**Conclusion**

41 The appellant failed to sustain any of his grounds of appeal. He
consistently maintained that he alone was in possession of the drugs seized
from him, and his statements in this regard remained unchallenged. His silence
in the face of his own voluntary statements and the circumstantial evidence
was telling. No serious challenge was mounted to the chain of custody of the
drug exhibits or to the findings of Tay J. In these circumstances, there was
no reason to disturb the appellant’s conviction and sentence.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

