Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Rainbow Joy"  
[2005] SGHC 9

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 319/2003, RA 268/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Govintharasah (Gurbani and Co) for the appellant; Yap Yin Soon (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Appellant signing contracts to work on
board ship – Appellant injured on ship – Appellant initiating proceedings in
Singapore against respondent shipowner and employer – Whether stay of action
should be granted on ground of forum non conveniens – Factors considered by
court when determining whether another available forum clearly or distinctly
more appropriate existing  
  

13 January 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Mr Paquito L Buton (“Buton”), appealed against the decision
of the assistant registrar, Mr Vincent Leow, to stay his action against the
respondent, the owners of the ship or vessel _Rainbow Joy_ (“the shipowner”),
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. I dismissed his appeal and now give
the reasons for my decision.

**Background**

2 On 9 August 2002, Buton, a Filipino engineer, signed an employment contract
in Manila to work on board the _Rainbow Joy_ , a general cargo ship registered
in Hong Kong. The ship is owned by Rainbow Joy Shipping Inc, a Panamanian
company, and managed by Hang Woo Ship Management Ltd (“Hang Woo”), a Hong Kong
company.

3 Buton’s contract was in the Philippines Overseas Employment Administration
(“POEA”) standard form, which has received a measure of international
recognition: see _Dimskal Shipping Co SA v International Transport Workers
Federation_ [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 166. The POEA contract, which is intended to
protect the rights of Filipino seafarers, provides that the law of the
Philippines shall govern the contractual relationship and that disputes are to
be resolved by means of arbitration in the Philippines. It also sets out the
minimum sum payable to a seafarer where there has been injury or death. The
POEA “Standard Terms and Conditions Governing the Employment of Filipino
Seafarers On-Board Ocean-Going Vessels” were incorporated into Buton’s
employment contract. In late August 2002, Buton was flown to Singapore to sign
on board the _Rainbow Joy_ , which was anchored in Singapore waters at the
material time.

4 It is not uncommon for shipowners to enter into two agreements with Filipino
seafarers, the first in the approved POEA form to comply with Filipino
requirements, and the second, to satisfy other legal requirements. In the
present case, apart from the POEA contract executed in the Philippines,
another employment contract (“the Hong Kong contract”) was signed between the
shipowner and Buton to comply with the laws of Hong Kong. As such, the terms
of Buton’s contract of employment are to be found in both the POEA contract
and the Hong Kong contract.

5 On 3 September 2003, while the _Rainbow Joy_ was off the coast of Myanmar,
Buton was asked by the ship’s chief engineer to help repair the starboard side
accommodation ladder that had been bent in a collision with a docked vessel. A
number of the ship’s crew took turns to hit the bent ladder with a ball
hammer. While the chief engineer was hammering the ladder, a shard of metal
was dislodged and it hit Buton’s right eye. As a result, he sustained a
corneal laceration.

6 On the following day, the _Rainbow Joy_ deviated to Yangon, the nearest
major port, to enable Buton to seek urgent medical attention. After examining
him, Dr U Mya Aung, an ophthalmologist surgeon at the Eye Hospital and Myittar
Oo Eye Care Centre, advised him to have surgery done in his “home country”,
where there are better medical facilities. On 5 September 2003, Buton returned
to the ship, which sailed for Singapore on the following day. According to the
shipowner, Buton told the master of the ship that he wanted to return to the
Philippines for further treatment. However, Buton claimed that he wanted to be
treated in Singapore. This was denied by the shipowner.

7 The _Rainbow Joy_ arrived at Singapore on 9 September 2003. On the following
day, Buton was flown to Manila for medical treatment. In Manila, he received
treatment at the Metropolitan Hospital immediately. On 11 September 2003, the
hospital reported as follows:

Our specialist recommends pars plana vitrectomy, removal of cataract and
repair of corneal laceration as soon as possible to try to prevent permanent
damage to his injured eye.

8 On 10 December 2003, the hospital reported as follows:

Our specialist recommends corneal transplant with secondary intraocular lens
implant for management.

He is to come back on January 7 2004 for re-evaluation.

9 The next hospital report dated 26 April 2004 merits attention. It was as
follows:

We have informed Mr Buton that a cornea is already available for his corneal
transplant. However, he explained that he has not talked yet with his wife
regarding the surgery.

The corneal graft will therefore be given to the next patient in line and his
chance for another corneal donor might already be in the next 3 months (August
2004).

10 Finally, on 28 April 2004, the hospital reported as follows:

[Buton] missed his chance for corneal transplant because he has yet to talk
with his wife.

He was advised to wait for the next available corneal donor.

11 Buton’s condition deteriorated. He claimed that at present, he is only able
to see silhouettes and blurred images with his right eye.

12 Buton first made a claim for compensation for his loss and suffering in the
Philippines by commencing arbitration proceedings before the National Labour
Relations Commission on 5 November 2003. Subsequently, he initiated the
present proceedings in Singapore on 30 December 2003. It is worth noting that
while the Writ of Summons was served on the _Rainbow Joy_ in Singapore, the
ship was not arrested as Buton’s Filipino lawyers, the instructing solicitors,
were not prepared to give an undertaking to the Sheriff to pay the latter’s
expenses and his Singapore lawyers were not prepared to give a cross-
undertaking to the Sheriff with respect to the arrest of the ship.

13 On 15 January 2004, Buton withdrew his claim in the Philippines. In the
meantime, the shipowner applied for a stay of the Singapore action on a number
of grounds, including _forum non conveniens_. The assistant registrar was
persuaded that the Singapore action ought to be stayed on the ground of _forum
non conveniens_. Buton appealed against his decision.

**The appeal**

14 The shipowner contended that the Singapore action should be stayed for
three reasons. First, Buton was required by the POEA contract to resolve his
differences with the shipowner through arbitration in the Philippines.
Secondly, the POEA contract contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause,
requiring proceedings to be commenced in the Philippines and as Buton failed
to satisfy the test in _Amerco Timbers Pte Ltd v Chatsworth Timber Corp Pte
Ltd_ [1975–1977] SLR 258, he should not be allowed to continue the Singapore
proceedings. Thirdly, the action should be stayed on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. The assistant registrar did not find it necessary to consider the
first two of the shipowner’s grounds for a stay of the proceedings as he was
satisfied that the Singapore action should be stayed on the ground of _forum
non conveniens_.

15 The principles governing a stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ have been referred to by the courts on innumerable occasions. In
_Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 253 at [10],
Yong Pung How CJ explained:

The principles governing this matter are clear and established. The approach
suggested by Lord Goff in _The Spiliada_ [1987] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1 has since been
approved and applied by the Court of Appeal in _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling
Corp & Anor v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776. We set out the
relevant passages from the judgment of Lord Goff:

In my Opinion, the burden resting on the defendant is not just to show that
England is not the natural or appropriate forum for the trial, but to
establish that there is another available forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than the English forum. In this way, proper regard is paid to
the fact that jurisdiction has been founded as of right …

…

Since the question is whether there exists some other forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, the court will look first to see
what factors there are which point in the direction of another forum … and
these will include not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as
availability of witnesses), but also other factors such as the law governing
the relevant transaction … and the places where the parties respectively
reside or carry on business.

…

If the court concludes at that stage that there is no other available forum
which is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will
ordinarily refuse a stay …

…

If however the court concludes at that stage that there is some other
available forum which prima facie is clearly more appropriate for the trial of
the action, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless not be
granted.

16 Buton’s counsel, Mr R Govintharasah, submitted that although there are some
connecting factors with the Philippines, there are more connecting factors
with Singapore. However, his assertion did not rest on solid ground. If one
looks at all the factors affecting convenience or expense, including the
question of availability of witnesses, as well as other factors such as the
law governing the relevant transaction and the places where the parties
respectively reside or carry on business, it is evident that the shipowner
rightly asserted that the Philippines is clearly a more appropriate forum for
the trial than Singapore.

17 To begin with, as far as the governing law of Buton’s employment contract
is concerned, s 31 of his POEA contract provides that “any unresolved dispute,
claim or grievance arising out of or in connection with this contract … shall
be governed by the laws of the Republic of the Philippines”. Buton tried to
distance himself from the POEA contract by saying that when his employment
contract, which was initially for a period of one year, was renewed in August
2003 for six months shortly before the accident, there was no indication as to
whether it was the POEA contract or the Hong Kong contract that was renewed.
This could not be countenanced as his contractual relationship with his
employer was governed by both the POEA and Hong Kong contracts and there was
no reason why the POEA contract was not renewed. Indeed, s 2 of the POEA
standard terms and conditions provides that the employment contract “shall be
effective until the seafarer’s date of arrival at the point of hire upon
termination of his employment”.

18 As for the location of witnesses, the evidence of the doctors who treated
Buton over a period of time in the Metropolitan Hospital in Manila would be
required. It will be recalled that Buton turned down the Filipino doctors’
offer of a corneal transplant. Important questions relating to how this
refusal of a transplant at the material time affected his recovery and brought
him to his present state will have to be determined. Buton’s counsel argued
that the Filipino doctors need not give evidence as their medical reports
could be admitted as evidence. However, the shipowner is likely to assert that
Buton would not be in the state that he is if he had accepted the corneal
transplant offered by the Filipino doctors. There is nothing in the Filipino
medical reports that directly concerns this point. All that was noted was that
he refused to undergo a transplant. As such, the Filipino doctors would have
to be called to give evidence on the effect of the refusal of the corneal
transplant. Furthermore, Mr Govintharasah said that Buton intended to call
Singapore specialists as witnesses because he believed that he would not be in
his present state had he been treated in Singapore instead of in Manila. The
Filipino doctors will surely want to have their say if aspersions are cast on
their competence. Admittedly, the Filipino doctors can be flown to Singapore
to give evidence but as the Philippines is clearly a more appropriate forum
than Singapore, there is no reason to inconvenience them by having the trial
in Singapore.

19 It is worth noting that when Buton’s Filipino solicitors, M/s Linsangan,
Linsangan & Linsangan, wrote to the shipowner’s Filipino manning agents on 30
September 2003 to threaten that legal proceedings would be instituted if
US$80,000 was not paid as compensation, Singapore was not expressly mentioned
as a possible forum for such proceedings. Instead, the penultimate paragraph
of this letter, which is as follows, expressly referred to the possibility of
suing in the Philippines and Hong Kong:

Formal demand therefore is being made upon you and your principal to
compensate 2/Engr Buton in the amount of US$80,000 as and for total and
permanent disability benefits within ten (10) days upon receipt of this
letter, otherwise you have given us no other recourse but to initiate filing
of complaint before the National Labour Relations Commission or in foreign
jurisdiction, particularly in [Hong Kong] to claim not only the contractual
benefits but damages in tort as well.

20 As it turned out, the first shot was fired by Buton in the Philippines. In
the Filipino proceedings, Buton claimed only US$80,000 but in the Singapore
action, his claim was increased to S$460,000. This led the shipowner to allege
that Buton commenced proceedings in Singapore for the purpose of obtaining a
settlement on terms that would be more favourable to him than the compensation
he expected to receive in the Philippines.

21 The shipowner’s counsel, Mr Yap Yin Soon, also pointed out that his client
has no presence in Singapore. As the _Rainbow Joy_ was not arrested when she
called at Singapore, Buton has no security for his claim. In contrast, in the
Philippines, he has security in the form of the performance bond given by the
shipowner’s Filipino manning agents, Cleene Maritime. Furthermore, the
shipowner’s counsel confirmed that his client will consent to being joined as
a party to the Philippines proceedings. He added that his client had real
defences to the action and intended to rebut the allegations of breach of duty
of care to Buton. It should not be overlooked that at the hearing below,
Buton’s counsel had initially suggested that if the action was to be stayed,
it ought to be on condition that the defendant submit to the POEA’s
jurisdiction. I am mindful of the fact that Buton’s employment contract in the
POEA form was signed by Hang Woo, the ship’s managers. However, the shipowner
contended that this contract was signed on its behalf by Hang Woo and that it
is, as an undisclosed principal, a party to the contract. More importantly, as
has been pointed out, the shipowner had made it clear that it will consent to
being joined as a party to legal proceedings in the Philippines.

22 If all the circumstances are taken into account, there can be no doubt that
as between Singapore and the Philippines, the latter is clearly a more
appropriate forum for the trial. The assistant registrar, Mr Vincent Leow,
summed up the position as follows in his notes on the hearing before him:

I see no real connecting factors of any importance pointing to Singapore.
Instead, all the factors point away from Singapore – vessel registered in Hong
Kong, Hong Kong statutes are applicable, Defendants operate out of Hong Kong,
Plaintiff is Filipino, the ease of enforcement in Philippines (bond) or Hong
Kong (presence of company there), the difficulty of enforcement in Singapore.

23 As I agreed with the assistant registrar that there are ample grounds for a
stay of proceedings on the basis of _forum non conveniens_ , there was no need
for the shipowner’s other arguments in favour of a stay of the Singapore
action to be considered. Buton’s appeal was thus dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

