Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yip Jenn Yeuan v Ng Ah Chen  
[2005] SGHC 21

Case Number | : | DC Suit 5375/2003, RAS 56/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chor Pee (Chor Pee and Partners) for plaintiff; Chong Pik Wah (Lim Kia Tong and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Yip Jenn Yeuan — Ng Ah Chen   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Whether cause of action
could arise from "without prejudice" negotiations between solicitors on behalf
of clients  
  
Contract – Formation – Whether parties intended to agree on liability and
damages together or separately – Whether agreement on liability and/or quantum
reached  
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Whether plaintiff could pursue assessment of
damages as contract claim based on agreement as to liability after tort action
became time-barred  
  

31 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an action commenced by the plaintiff to enforce a settlement
agreement that he alleged had been concluded between his solicitors and the
defendant’s solicitors in respect of a previous suit filed as Magistrate’s
Court Suit No 14645 of 2002. In that action (“the tort claim”), the plaintiff
sued the defendant for damages in negligence arising from a road accident on
27 September 2000. On that day, the plaintiff’s motorcycle collided with the
defendant’s car when the defendant’s car emerged from the driveway of a motor
car showroom at 911 Bukit Timah Road. The plaintiff, then 28 years old,
suffered serious injuries.

2 Eventually, the solicitors agreed on the question of liability, namely, that
the defendant would agree to be liable for 90% of the blame and the plaintiff
would accept contributory negligence of 10% on his part. There was no
agreement on quantum at all. The plaintiff’s Writ expired in the meantime and
the action became time-barred on 27 September 2003. The plaintiff then
commenced this action (“the contract claim”) on 2 November 2003. It was in the
contract claim that the plaintiff sought a summary judgment for damages to be
assessed. His application was dismissed by the deputy registrar on 6 May 2004
and he appealed to the district judge, Ms Foo Tuat Yien, who dismissed his
appeal on 8 October 2004. The plaintiff then appealed to this court against
the District Court’s judgment ([2004] SGDC 281).

3 The events should now be set out in detail in chronological order before the
law is considered. The accident on which the tort claim was based occurred on
27 September 2000. On 3 April 2002, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the
defendant’s solicitors notifying them that the plaintiff was holding the
defendant liable for the accident, and on 4 June 2002, the plaintiff issued
the Writ of Summons in the tort claim. The defendant’s solicitors wrote to the
plaintiff’s solicitors on 11 June 2002 to say that they had just been briefed
and requested the plaintiff “to hold [his] hands in the matter”. That is legal
parlance, particularly in tortious actions, which is understood by lawyers to
mean that no further steps in the proceedings are to be taken without
notifying the other party. The plaintiff’s solicitors replied the following
day to say that they had not served the Writ but in any event, the Writ was
inadvertently commenced in the Magistrate’s Court instead of the District
Court. The letter further stated that the plaintiff would withhold service of
the fresh Writ pending the defendant’s reply to the plaintiff’s solicitor’s
letter of 3 April 2002 asking if the defendant would admit liability.
Negotiations continued and on 14 October 2002, the defendant’s solicitors
replied. The relevant portions of the reply state:

We would therefore be grateful if you could persuade/advise your client to
reconsider our proposal on liability and revert.

On quantum, please be informed that our clients would like to obtain a 2nd
opinion on the need for the further operations on your client’s left ankle.
Kindly let us know if your client has any objection to be re-examined by a
specialist appointed by us/our clients.

On your quantification for general damages, please let us know if quantum for
pain and suffering can be agreed at $20,000. For the loss of earning capacity
and future medical expenses, we will revert with our clients’ instructions on
same after we have received our own specialist’s report on your client’s
injury.

Please let us have your client[’s] instructions on liability and on our
clients’ request for a re-examination.

4 The plaintiff’s solicitors replied on 22 October 2002 to say that the
plaintiff did not accept the defendant’s proposals in respect of quantum, and
added that “[i]n any event, our client would like to resolve the issue of
liability first before considering any reduction in quantum”. The two crucial
letters forming the alleged agreement were then exchanged after that. The
defendant’s solicitors wrote on 19 November 2002 to say:

We refer to your letter dated 22 October 2002.

We have our clients’ instructions to settle your client’s claim at 90%. Please
take your client[’s] instructions.

As regards paragraph 4 of your letter, our clients will bear the costs of the
medical re-examination and would pay the usual $50 for your client’s time and
transport expenses. Please confirm your client’s agreement before we proceed
to make the necessary arrangements. We will give your client at least 7
[days’] notice of the appointment date.

The plaintiff’s response on 20 November 2002 stated:

We refer to the above matter and your letter dated 19 November 2002 on which
we have taken our client’s instructions.

Our client is willing purely for the sake of settlement to accept your
client’s offer on liability (ie 90%-10% in our client’s favour)

Further, our client is agreeable to the terms of the last paragraph of your
letter. Please let us know the appointment date.

5 More letters were subsequently exchanged concerning the medical examination
of the plaintiff and, eventually, a proposal by the defendant’s solicitors on
the issue of quantum. Their letter of 21 March 2003 proposed as follows:

Subject to our clients’ instructions and for an amicable settlement, we would
propose agreeing to quantum on 100% as follows:

a. pain and suffering, loss of amenities … $20,000.00

b. loss of earning capacity … $12,000.00

c. medical expenses (RM310) … $155.00

d. medical expenses … $8,420.88

e. transport expenses … $268.75

f. repair costs (RM744) … $372.00

g. towing expenses … $120.00

h. damaged personal items … $100.00

i. costs and disbursements to be determined/agreed

As for the future medical expenses, we are prepared to advise our clients to
follow Dr Ngian’s recommendation and to allow future medical expenses for a
Pan Talar Fusion. We would however like to check with the NUH on the costs of
a Pan Talar Fusion in that hospital before we revert with our clients’ offer
on future medical expenses. We would therefore be grateful if you could
arrange for your client to sign the enclosed Consent Form to enable us to
obtain the aforesaid information.

6 Reminders were sent by the defendant’s solicitors on 28 April 2003 and 19
May 2003 for the plaintiff’s response. On 27 May 2003, the plaintiff’s
solicitors wrote to reject the defendant’s offer and made a counter-offer. The
defendant’s solicitors did not respond. In the meantime, the plaintiff’s Writ
expired on 4 December 2002 and he had six months from that date to apply for
the renewal of the Writ. This was not done, and the cause of action expired on
27 September 2003.

7 On 22 August 2003 and 16 October 2003, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to
the defendant’s solicitors. The relevant paragraphs of the two letters stated:

We refer to our letter of 27 May 2003.

To date, we have not received any reply from you.

If your clients are not minded to accept our client’s proposal for settlement,
we shall proceed with the matter, which will escalate costs.

…

We refer to the above matter and our letters to you dated 22 August 2003 and
27 May 2003 to which we have not received any reply.

As you are aware, liability was agreed 90%:10% in favour of our clients on 20
November 2002, leaving only quantum to be agreed or assessed.

8 On 21 November 2003 the plaintiff filed the contract claim based on the
agreement concluded in November 2002 by the letters of 19 and 20 November 2002
of the defendant and the plaintiff respectively. The Statement of Claim in the
contract claim pleaded as follows:

9.1 The Defendant admits 90% liability in respect of the said accident with
the Plaintiff bearing the remainder 10% of liability.

9.2 The issue of quantum is to be disposed of by mutual agreement of the
parties.

9.3 As part of the agreed process of assessing quantum, the Plaintiff, at the
Defendant’s insurers’ request via the Defendant’s Solicitors’ letters dated 14
October 2002 and 19 November 2002, attended a medical re-examination on 16
December 2002 at the Defendant’s insurer[s’] own cost.

9.4 The issue of quantum is to be settled within a reasonable period of time
from when the said agreement was formed in or about 20 November 2002.

9.5 Once quantum is agreed, the said agreed sum shall be paid to the Plaintiff
or the Plaintiff’s Solicitors within a reasonable period from the date of
agreement of quantum.

9 Mr Lim Chor Pee, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the defendant had
“agreed to pay 90% of damages”. He argued that “an agreement to pay damages to
be assessed is a good agreement even though damages are left to be assessed”.
Miss Chong Pik Wah, counsel for the defendant, submitted that there was no
agreement because the issue of quantum was not agreed. For his part, Mr Lim
relied on the authority of _Tomlin v Standard Telephones and Cables Ltd_
[1969] 1 WLR 1378 (“ _Tomlin_ ”).

10 _Tomlin_ also concerned a tort claim in which the solicitors for the
plaintiff and defendant respectively negotiated over the issues of liability
and quantum. The court, at first instance, found that the series of letters
exchanged between the lawyers resulted in a concluded agreement as to
liability. Quantum was not agreed. In that case, the plaintiff commenced
proceedings only after there was no agreement on quantum. His solicitors then
sought to shorten legal proceedings by confining the case to quantum only. The
defendants disputed that an agreement on liability had been reached. The Court
of Appeal upheld the trial judge’s finding that the issue of liability had
been settled by agreement. It referred to a letter written by the plaintiff’s
solicitors as follows:

Whilst, as you appreciate, I take the opposite view to yourself on the
question of liability, my client has instructed me to say that he will agree
to settle his case on a 50/50 basis as you propose and accordingly this leaves
only the question of quantum to be disposed of.

11 Dankwerts LJ, on appeal, noted that the above letter was, significantly,
not refuted in subsequent letters. He found (at 1382) that the correspondence
proceeded “on the basis that there was a concluded agreement on the basis of a
50/50 liability, and, as stated, it would appear there was only a question of
quantum to be decided after that by way of further negotiation or, as it might
appear, by recourse to the court”. Sir Gordon Willmer concurred with Dankwerts
LJ but “not without some doubt and hesitation”. He drew upon his experience
from admiralty practice and reminded parties that liability was almost
universally dealt with separately from quantum, and concluded at 1386 that he
could “see no reason why it should not be possible to carve out of [the]
correspondence an agreement as to liability, leaving the question of quantum
of damages open for further negotiation”. Omrod J dissented on the ground that
the “agreement” was reached on a “without prejudice” basis. He was of the view
that the negotiations were “an attempt to settle this case for a sum of money,
and that the ‘without prejudice’ umbrella remains up and protects the parties
negotiating up to the point when they agree on a figure” (at 1385).

12 _Tomlin_ was fully argued before the district judge. She drew on her own
experience in the Primary Dispute Resolution Centre in the Subordinate Courts,
and noted (at [10]) that:

Although parties may first agree on liability, both parties (especially an
insurer) are understandably wary of finally committing themselves on liability
without reaching agreement on quantum of damages payable at 100% as they do
not know the ultimate amount of damages, which the plaintiff will receive and
which the defendant will have to pay. Although there may be an in-principle
agreement on liability before agreement on quantum or vice versa, parties know
that they can be frank and open in their negotiations, because if they do not
agree on quantum/liability, they can both retract from their agreed positions
on either liability/quantum and contest both liability and quantum in the
action. There are times, where after a writ is filed and served, parties, who
are still unable to agree on quantum but are able to agree on liability, will,
to save costs of trial, agree to enter interlocutory judgment on liability
with damages to be assessed by the court.

13 The district judge distinguished Dankwerts LJ’s decision on the facts,
noting that in the present case the plaintiff did not proceed with the
original Writ and had issued a Writ in a fresh action based on the agreement.
Secondly, the district judge relied on the dissenting judgment of Omrod J to
support her opinion that since the negotiations between the parties were made
under “without prejudice” letters, there was therefore “no settlement reached
between the parties although they had agreed on liability”.

14 Both counsel submitted before me that this appeal ought to be dealt with on
a point of law, as the essential facts were not in dispute. They agreed that
it would make little sense to proceed to trial because the relevant evidence
would be based on the undisputed facts presently before me. Having heard both
counsel, I agree that this matter need not proceed to trial because the
decision on law would be sufficient to end the dispute. Unfortunately, the
point of law was not specifically set out, as it should be. However, on the
facts as well as the arguments of both counsel, there appears to be two
questions, both of which are quite clear, and for the convenience of the
parties, I shall state them as follows:

(a) Whether a cause of action in contract can arise from the “without
prejudice” negotiations between solicitors on behalf of their clients; and

(b) If so, whether such a cause of action exists on the facts.

15 The context in which an agreement is made is relevant in helping one
understand what that agreement really was. In this case, we are examining the
effect of the negotiations between solicitors in a personal accident claim. It
is, of course, a claim in tort. I will accept that the court can take judicial
notice of the practice, especially in this country, where solicitors often
begin by engaging in a cautious exchange of proposals. The early stage of
negotiations is important because it might there be established whether the
parties had decided to negotiate on a global basis, that is to say, that they
will carry on until both issues, namely liability and quantum, are agreed.
Alternatively, they might have decided to complete the negotiations in two
stages, that is to say, they might have wished to determine liability before
proceeding to negotiating on quantum. In this case, the plaintiff’s
solicitors’ letter of 22 October 2002 stated that they wished to “resolve the
issue of liability first before considering any reduction in quantum”. The
onus thus shifted to the defendant’s solicitors to correct that path if they
so wished, but they did not. The district judge could not be faulted for
forming the view that there was no settlement because the “parties intended to
settle only if they resolved both liability and quantum”, because the letter
from the plaintiff continued to make reference to quantum. However, upon
closer scrutiny, I am of the opinion that liability had, in fact, been
settled. This case, therefore, is similar to _Tomlin_. The parties had decided
to negotiate on liability before quantum. Like _Tomlin,_ the parties did reach
an agreement on liability.

16 When that stage has been reached, the parties can carry on and negotiate
the issue of quantum. Alternatively, they can enter interlocutory judgment
with damages to be assessed. At this point, if either party reneges on the
agreement on liability, the court can hold, as was the case in _Tomlin_ , that
that issue is closed. It can then allow judgment to be entered _in that
action_ and order damages to be assessed. If, for some reason, the parties do
not proceed to the assessment of damages, the case ends with no result for the
plaintiff, because the agreement on liability means nothing to him, other than
that parties may proceed to have damages assessed _in that action_. It does
not confer on the plaintiff a deferred right to pursue his right to damages by
switching from a tort claim to a contract claim. In the present case, the
plaintiff’s claim in tort has been extinguished by the limitation of time.
What he has is a bare agreement that the defendant is responsible for 90% of
the accident in which the plaintiff was injured. Nothing more can be inferred
or implied, unlike the circumstances in a tort action where it will be implied
that once liability is firmly decided, the plaintiff has the right to ask for
damages to be assessed. If he does nothing, and that right expires, as it did
in this case, he cannot return to court by way of a contract claim, in the
hope of completing the right in tort, which he has forsaken.

17 Mr Lim submitted that the contract was complete, and although the quantum
of damages was not settled, the mechanism is there to be applied, and that
mechanism is the assessment of damages by the court. In my view, this
submission overlooks the fact that the plaintiff is now claiming in contract.
And this is one case where, if price is not settled, no contract exists. It is
not always correct to assume that an order for the assessment of damages is
the only, or even an appropriate, mechanism for determining price in this
situation. Since the present action is a contract claim, any inference as to
what, if any, mechanism for settling price, must lean in favour of a
consensual agreement as that mechanism. The court is not involved in such a
situation. If price is not achieved, nothing is gained. No contract is made.

18 I should address the question of “without prejudice” negotiations in such
cases since it was an issue that resulted in a dissent in _Tomlin_ , and the
judge below had placed some importance to it. It is true, as the district
judge observed, that the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 16 October 2003 was
marked “without prejudice”, but that letter was in reference to the issue of
quantum. Their letter accepting the offer on liability, written on 20 November
2002, was an open letter. An open letter ends the “without prejudice”
correspondence.

19 For the reasons above, this appeal is dismissed. Costs are to follow the
event, and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

