Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong and Co Pte Ltd v Lua Soo Theng  
[2005] SGHC 6

Case Number | : | Suit 98/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew Ong Hock Sing and Tan Chuan Bing Kendall (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiff; Peter Yap (Peter Yap), Daniel John and Marc Wang (John Tan and Chan) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Ong and Co Pte Ltd — Lua Soo Theng   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Indemnity clause in appointment
letter of dealer's representative – Whether indemnity clause extended to
margin losses of client.  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Whether memorandum of settlement amounted to
compromise agreement – Whether action precluded by memorandum of settlement –
Whether clauses in memorandum were condition precedents or mere statements of
intention.  
  

14 January 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
MPH Rubin J:

**Introduction**

1 In this action, the plaintiff, a stock-broking company and a member of the
Stock Exchange of Singapore, claimed against the defendant, who was formerly
its dealer’s representative from 12 February 1997 to 31 May 2001, a sum of
$8,754,630.84 (made up of (a) an alleged outstanding balance under a
particular margin account amounting to $8,695,717.51 and (b) interest on the
said sum for the period 1 March 2001 to 31 March 2001 amounting to $58,913.33)
on account of margin account losses sustained by one of the defendant’s
clients. The defendant disputed the plaintiff’s claim. He averred that he
should not be held responsible for the said losses as he was not party to any
margin account agreement and that in so far as he had not committed any breach
of the memorandum of settlement dated 11 April 2001 reached between the
parties, there was no justification for the plaintiff’s present claim.
Further, he, in turn, counterclaimed against the plaintiff for the refund of a
sum of $236,540.69 being the excess amount taken from him by the plaintiff and
interest on the said sum amounting to $16,800.

2 In fact, there were four main documents around which the dispute between the
parties, by and large, revolved. They were:

(a) The letter of appointment dated 3 February 1997, duly accepted by the
defendant, under which the defendant commenced his employment with the
plaintiff on 12 February 1997;

(b) A margin account agreement dated 28 January 1997 (signed between one of
the plaintiff’s house dealers by the name Ms Chan Li Hyan (“Li Hyan”) and a
Malaysian company known as Texchem Investments Limited (“Texchem”));

(c) A banker’s guarantee (issued by the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited (“OCBC”) dated 10 March 1998, provided by the defendant to the
plaintiff); and

(d) A memorandum of settlement dated 11 April 2001 signed by the plaintiff and
the defendant.

**Pleadings**

3 The plaintiff averred in the Statement of Claim that the defendant was
employed by the plaintiff as a Director, Institutional Sales (Dealer Grade)
with effect from 12 February 1997. The letter of appointment, in so far as is
material, contained the following terms and conditions:

SECURITIES

7\. The Company in its absolute discretion shall be entitled to require you to
provide collateral or security in such form and substance satisfactory to the
Company to secure your obligations hereunder and you shall do so within thirty
(30) days of the Company’s written request (or such further time as may be
granted by the Company).

RIGHTS OF THE COMPANY

8\. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement, the Company shall
be entitled:-

(a) in its discretion, to require you to take such measures as the Company
shall deem fit in any particular transaction;

(b) to suspend you and/or your transactions or dealings for such time as the
Company shall in its absolute discretion deem fit;

(c) to check on and investigate transactions dealt by or through you;

(d) to call upon you, at any time, to show that you have the financial means
to make good any damage loss or expense incurred or likely to be incurred by
the Company in connection with transactions dealt by or through you in the
name of the Company without taking into account the security required under
Clause 7 of this Agreement; and

(e) in its discretion, to vary the terms and conditions of your employment
including but not limited to your salary/bonus and/or such other benefits to
which you may be entitled during your employment with the Company.

LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF CLIENT’S TRANSACTIONS

10\. You shall be answerable and responsible to the Company and will keep the
Company fully indemnified and harmless against any and all losses or damage
the Company may sustain as a consequence of or in connection with or howsoever
arising from any and all transactions dealt by or through you (hereinafter
called “the Losses” which expression shall not include losses arising from or
in connection with transactions by Institutional Clients as defined and
excluded hereinafter) except where such transactions are pursuant to
instructions of and for such clients as are designated by the Company as
Institutional Clients, ie, banks financial institutions stockbroking companies
and firms public listed companies and its subsidiary companies government
related companies Statutory Boards Venture Capital Funds Licenced Investment
Advisors and insurance companies so long as such Institutional Clients trade
within the trading limits approved by the Company in writing and notified to
you from time to time. If any Institutional Client trades over the trading
limit approved by the Company, you shall be answerable and responsible to the
Company and will keep the Company fully indemnified and harmless for all
Losses incurred under such the transactions which were entered into in excess
of the trading limit.

11\. Subject to the exception set out in and without prejudice to the
indemnity contained in Clause 10 above, all sums due and payable to the
Company in respect of transactions dealt by or through you (hereinafter called
“the Contract Sum”) shall be settled by you (should the client fail to do so)
within the stipulated time period prescribed by the Exchange or by the
Company, whichever is earlier (“the due date”).

12\. The Company shall be entitled in its absolute discretion to require and
you hereby agree that any and all Losses/Contract Sum including contra losses
be settled by cash payment or by set-off against any sums due and payable by
the Company to the same client (for whose account the Losses/Contract Sum was
incurred) or against any sum or sums payable by the Company to you, without
prejudice to the rights of the Company to buy in or sell out in accordance
with the Rules and Bye-Laws of the Stock Exchange of Singapore and any other
rights powers or remedies of the Company.

13\. Notwithstanding the above, you shall on demand pay to the Company:-

(a) the Losses/Contract Sum including contra losses or any part thereof; and

(b) interest thereon at the Company’s prevailing rate

from the due date to the date of full payment.

14\. You shall pay any and all costs and expenses whatsoever incurred by the
Company on a full indemnity basis including (but not limited to) the cost of
the Company’s solicitors in pursuing or advising on any claim against you
and/or against any client for whose account or Losses you are liable to
indemnify the Company and the cost of the solicitors of any client if the
Company has to pay or pays such costs.

15\. Any payment made by you under Clause 13 and/or 14 shall be refunded to
you (without interest) if there is a surplus in any recovery effort that may
be pursued by the Company at its discretion after the deduction of the Losses,
any costs or expenses whatsoever incurred by the Company including (but not
limited to) the cost of the Company’s own solicitors incurred in connection
with the recovery of payment (“Net Surplus”). The Company shall refund the Net
Surplus to you within 10 working days of receipt by the Company of the
recovery moneys from the debtor.

TERMINATION

17(a) ...

(b) Notwithstanding the termination of your appointment for any reason
whatsoever, you shall remain fully liable to the Company for all Losses and
outstanding sums due and payable hereunder, and any collateral or security
provided by you to the Company shall continue to be valid binding and
enforceable for all purposes until all outstanding sums due and payable
hereunder shall be fully recovered by the Company.

(c) …

4 According to the plaintiff, there was and still is an amount of
$8,695,717.51 (RM18,587,965.75) owing to the plaintiff by Texchem, a non-
institutional client, arising from the margin account transactions dealt by or
through the defendant. The plaintiff maintained that by virtue of the terms of
the letter of appointment, the defendant was liable to pay the plaintiff the
said sum. Further or in the alternative, the plaintiff relied on the terms of
the margin account agreement signed by Li Hyan (on behalf of the plaintiff)
and Texchem, sometime on or about 28 January 1997 (“margin account
agreement”). The plaintiff averred[1] that Li Hyan signed the margin account
agreement and acted as the dealer’s representative to service Texchem’s margin
account purely for the transitional period between 28 January 1997 and 12
February 1997 before the defendant commenced his employment with the
plaintiff. The plaintiff took over as the dealer’s representative and started
servicing Texchem’s account with the plaintiff upon the terms of the margin
account agreement with effect from 12 February 1997. In this connection, the
plaintiff underscored cll 3.10, 3.12, 3.13 and 3.14 of the margin account
agreement and they read as follows:

3.10 Without prejudice to any other right or remedy which the Company may have
(howsoever arising), if any Event of Default shall occur, the Company is
authorised, in its absolute discretion, to take one or more of the following
actions:

(i) satisfy any obligation or liability the Client may have to the Company out
of any money property securities equities and/or interest held by the Company
under any account whether in the margin deposited pursuant to this Agreement,
the Memorandum of Charge in favour of the Company, the Client’s trust account
held by the Company or otherwise;

(ii) to liquidate the margin account including cash marginable securities
and/or securities issued by the Government or its agents or other instruments
comprised in the margin and/or the securities bought and carried in the
Client’s margin account and without prejudice to the generality of (i) above,
to apply or allocate the proceeds thereof in such proportion and manner as the
Company deems fit to pay/settle all outstanding liabilities or monies due from
the Client to the Company whether under the Client’s margin or other accounts
including the debit balance due thereunder, accrued interest thereon and any
costs and expenses incurred by the Company in enforcing or attempting to
enforce the Client’s and/or Dealer’s Representative obligations hereunder or
under any other agreement or obligation of the Client and the Company
including the Company’s legal cost and expenses on an indemnity basis;

(iii) in addition to any lien right of set-off or other right which the
Company may have, the Company shall be entitled at any time without notice to
the Client or the Dealer’s Representative to combine or consolidate all or any
of the accounts of the Client whether alone or jointly with any other person
and set-off or transfer any sum standing to the credit of any one or more such
accounts in or towards satisfaction of any moneys obligations and liabilities
of the Client to the Company arising under the margin or other accounts and be
actual contingent primary collateral several or joint; and

(iv) terminate the margin account forthwith and the whole of the moneys
outstanding and unpaid together with all interest thereon under the margin
facilities and all moneys owing and liabilities accruing to the Company under
this Agreement shall immediately become due and payable without demand or
notice which is hereby expressly waived.

3.12 In addition to any other right the Company may have hereunder or
otherwise against the Client and/or the Dealer’s Representative, the Dealer’s
Representative shall indemnify the Company against all costs, expenses, losses
and liabilities contingent or otherwise arising or related to the margin
account granted hereunder and shall pay forthwith on the Company’s demand
without condition or protest for the same or any one or some or all of the
same. For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer’s Representative indemnity
obligation to the Company is to be regarded as an independent and distinct
obligation owing to the Company and is no way to be affected by the Company’s
action or omission vis-a-vis the Client whether the same leads to a discharge
release or varying of the liability of or the granting of any time indulgence
or concession to the Client.

3.13 No act or omission or forbearance by the Company whether in favour of the
Client and/or the Dealer’s Representative and/or any other person shall
prejudice the rights of the Company hereunder and without prejudice to the
generality of the foregoing and in greater particularity the same shall not
constitute a waiver of the Company’s rights unless the waiver is specified in
writing by a director of the Company.

3.14 A written certificate or statement by any of the Company’s authorised
officers on the debit balance or on any monies due or payable by the Client to
the Company and/or the amount for which the Dealer’s Representative is to
indemnify the Company under clause 3.12 above shall be conclusive evidence of
the matter or fact stated therein.

5 The plaintiff averred that due to Texchem’s breach of the margin account
agreement, it terminated Texchem’s margin account facility on or about 9 April
2001. According to the plaintiff, the defendant stood to benefit and did
benefit from the transactions in Texchem’s margin account. The plaintiff
asserted that the defendant had, in fact, demanded and had indeed been paid
various fees pertaining to the said margin account serviced by him including
but not limited to commission, facility and rollover fees as well as
commitment fees. The plaintiff maintained that the defendant was and is liable
to indemnify the plaintiff under the terms of the margin account agreement as
well as under the terms of the letter of appointment for the outstanding
balance under Texchem’s margin account.

6 The Defence and Counterclaim (re-re-amended) filed by the defendant had
undergone several changes from 27 February 2003 to 5 February 2004. In
essence, the defendant’s position was that while he agreed that he took over
servicing the Texchem account from Li Hyan with effect from 12 February 1997,
he was never told and neither was he aware that he was to indemnify the
plaintiff for any losses incurred by Texchem on the margin trading account. He
averred that the plaintiff did not require the defendant to, and the defendant
did not, sign the margin account agreement.

7 The defendant placed reliance on the memorandum of settlement and contended
that the action by the plaintiff was misconceived since it was not based on
the terms contained therein. The said memorandum requires reproduction and
reads as follows:

Date: 11 April 2001

To: David Lua  
Fr: Goh Boon Huat

Cc: Ong Seng Gee

**Re: Meeting held on 4 April 2001 between Ong Seng Gee, Charles Tan, Goh Boon
Huat and David Lua**

We set down below the terms of the settlement as agreed in the above meeting
and in the follow-up meeting on 11 April 2001 between Goh Boon Huat, Petrine
Yap and David Lua.

1 You shall provide a new irrevocable and unconditional on demand bank
guarantee for the sum of $150,000 by 10 April 2001 to secure the losses
arising under your stock account and your clients’ trading accounts. The
Company will reimburse the bank charges incurred in issuing the bank
guarantee. The Company acknowledges that the BG has been given to the Company
on 10 April 2001.

2 You shall convert the existing $200,000 bank guarantee earmarked for Texchem
to the usual irrevocable and unconditional on demand guarantee used by the
Company for dealers when collateralizing against clients’ contra losses or in
such form as the Company shall approve. This revised guarantee is to secure
the losses arising under your stock account and your clients’ trading accounts
which shall be handed to the Company within 7 days from today or such later
date as the parties may agree. The Company will also bear the bank charges
associated with the conversion.

3 The Company shall restore your salary to that paid in January 2001 and shall
pay your February and March salaries in arrears. Your April 2001 salary will
be paid in the normal course of payroll processing.

4 OSG acknowledged DL’s contention that Texchem’s margin position is the
Company’s responsibility and not DL’s. On a without prejudice basis, OSG will
use his best endeavours to assist in persuading the Credit Committee/Company
to agree with DL’s position on the matter. DL will assist in the recovery of
the losses arising from Texchem’s Margin Account to the best of his ability
and the Company will reimburse DL for any reasonable expenses incurred.

5 Settlement of contra losses – Payment by 31 July 2001

DL will procure the payment of all outstanding contra losses (as per Statement
of Account attached herewith as at 3 April 2001, but excluding losses under
Ngu Tieng Ung account) by 31 July 2001. Upon such payment by the stipulated
date, the Company shall waive all interest charges relating to those
outstanding accounts charged to DL’s P/L.

6 Ngu Tieng Ung’s Contra Losses – Payment commencing November 2001.

The principal amount of the outstanding contra losses on Ngu Tieng Ung’s
account is approximately S$247,000. This account is currently under legal
action. The Company will continue to pursue recovery in consultation with DL.
The Company will waive interest if it facilitates any potential settlement
with the client which only recovers the principal. The Company will not seek
recovery of interest from DL. Unless the principal has been paid by the
client, DL will settle the principal amount in monthly instalments of S$10,000
commencing November 2001. However, future legal costs shall be borne equally
between DL and the Company only if the principal sum has been fully paid to
the Company.

7 Stock Account Losses as at 3 April 2001 (excluding Panpacmedia losses) –
Payment commencing 30 April 2001

DL agreed to make five equal monthly instalment payments commencing 30 April
2001 for the Stock Account losses (excluding Panpacmedia losses incurred) less
any surpluses from the P/L and without interest charge thereon.

8 Panpacmedia Stock Losses – Payment by 30 September 2001

Conditional upon due performance of items 1, 2 and 7 above, DL shall pay only
35% of the Panpacmedia’s stock account losses (S$118,099.00) excluding any
interest expense arising from this stock account position taken to facilitate
the placement of Pancpacmedia shares.

9 Discounts on Commissions Charged to Clients – approx S$27,000

As part of this settlement set out above, the Company shall pay the discounts
on commissions charged to DL’s clients amounting to approx S$27,000 such
amount on a cost-sharing basis of 35:65 / DL : the Company.

10 In the event you breach or fail to perform any of the above terms or
obligations, all outstanding amounts shall fall due immediately and without
further notice or indulgence, the Company shall take such action it deems fit
including commencement of legal action against you to recover all losses,
interest, costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis.

11 The Company shall consult with DL on legal actions to be taken against the
client, Ngu Tieng Ung. Whether any legal action is to be taken against clients
remains at the sole direction of the Company. It will be the Company’s
prerogative on how it wants to pursue recovery of losses arising from
Texchem’s margin position.

(signed)

Goh Boon Huat, General Manager  
11 April 2001

I, David Lua Soo Theng, hereby agree to and confirm the above terms of
settlement.

(signed)

David Lua 12/4/01

8 With regard to the memorandum of settlement, the defendant’s averments, as
appear in his Defence and Counterclaim, read:

16\. Further or in the alternative the Defendant says that by way of the
Plaintiffs’ memorandum dated 11 April 2001 (“Memorandum of Settlement”), the
Plaintiffs entered into a compromise settlement with the Defendant of all
issues then outstanding between him and the Plaintiffs.

…

17\. … In consideration of the Plaintiffs’ promises under the Memorandum of
Settlement, the Defendant:-

a) procured a fresh bankers’ guarantee for S$200,000 in favour of the
Plaintiffs to secure the Defendant’s agreed owings under the Memorandum of
Settlement in substitution for the Defendant’s existing bankers guarantee for
S$200,000 in connection with Texchem;

b) procured another bankers’ guarantee for $150,000 in favour of the
Plaintiffs to further secure the Defendant’s agreed owings under the
Memorandum of Settlement;

b) agreed to assist the Plaintiffs in the recovery against Texchem and/or Chan
Teik Huat of the losses arising from Texchem’s Margin Account;

c) undertook liability for various stock account losses which the Defendant
had previously denied liability for; and

d) agreed to make instalment payments on Ngu Tieng Ung’s account at the rate
of $10,000 per month with effect November 2001.

18\. The Plaintiffs agreed, in the compromise under the Memorandum of
Settlement as evidenced in particular by paragraph 10 and paragraphs 4 and 11
thereof, that before the Plaintiffs proceeded with any claim against the
Defendant for any liability with regard to the irrecoverable losses arising
from Texchem’s margin account (“the Texchem Margin losses”), :-

i) the Defendant would have to be in breach of any of the terms or his
obligations under the Memorandum of Settlement; and further

ii) the Plaintiffs would comply with the following conditions precedent namely
that :-

(a) the Plaintiffs’ Executive Director (and son of the then Executive
Chairman, Mr Ong Tjin Ann) Ong Seng Gee would use his best endeavours to
persuade the Credit Committee and/or the Plaintiffs to agree that the
Defendant was not liable to indemnify the Plaintiffs for the Texchem Margin
losses; and

(b) the Plaintiffs would recover the Texchem Margin losses from Texchem and/or
its guarantor, Chan Teik Huat, and the sale and/or disposal of Texchem’s then
pledged shares (details of which are found in paragraph 15 of the _Statement
of Claim_).

19\. The Defendant contends that the pledged shares were then worth at least
S$3 million.

19A. The Defendant contends that this action of the Plaintiffs is misconceived
in that it is not based on the terms of the Memorandum of Settlement.

20\. Further the Defendant contends that the Plaintiffs failed to fulfil or
perform the conditions precedent in the Memorandum of Settlement stated in
paragraph 18 above before proceeding with the claim against him. The
Plaintiffs’ claim is therefore misconceived by reason of the Plaintiffs’ non-
performance or non-fulfillment of the said conditions precedent.

|  **_Particulars_** |   
---|---|---  
  
(a) The said Ong Seng Gee failed to use his best endeavours to persuade the
Credit Committee or the Plaintiffs to agree that the Defendant was not liable
to indemnify the Plaintiffs for the Texchem Margin losses; and

(b) The Plaintiffs failed to take any or any adequate, legal action or
enforcement against Texchem and/or Chan Teik Huat to recover the Texchem
Margin losses; and/or

(c) The Plaintiffs failed to sell and/or dispose Texchem’s then pledged
shares. (As at the date of the Plaintiffs’ letter of demand dated 3rd January
2003 against the Defendant for the sum of $8,404,630.84, the Plaintiffs were
still in possession of Texchem’s pledged shares which were, by that time, of a
substantially diminished value compared to their value in April 2001 when the
Memorandum of Settlement was entered into.)

21\. Further and in the alternative, the Defendant contends that the
Plaintiffs are estopped from seeking to claim the Texchem Margin losses from
him until the Plaintiffs first comply with the matters set out in paragraph 18
above.

|  **_Particulars_** |   
---|---|---  
  
(a) The Defendant had relied on the Plaintiffs’ representations made to the
Defendant with the intention that the Defendant should act on such
representations, as evidenced by the Memorandum of Settlement; and

(b) The Defendant, in reliance on the said representations, did the matters
and/or undertook the liabilities as envisaged in the Memorandum of Settlement,
particulars of which are stated in paragraph 17 above.

22\. Further and in the alternative to the matters set out in paragraphs 20
and 21 above, the Defendant contends that it is unconscionable for the
Plaintiffs to have commenced legal action against the Defendant for the
Texchem Margin losses since:-

(a) The Plaintiffs’ Mr Ong Seng Gee did not use his best endeavours to
persuade the Plaintiffs’ Credit Committee to agree that the Defendant was not
liable for the Texchem margin losses;

(b) They held on to the Texchem pledged shares without selling them or
disposing of them to reduce the Texchem Margin losses; and

(c) They failed to use reasonable diligence in claiming the Texchem Margin
losses from Texchem and/or Chan Teik Huat.

Accordingly, the Defendant says the Plaintiffs are estopped from claiming the
Texchem Margin losses from him.

22A. (i) Further or in the alternative, the Defendant had a reasonable
expectation that if he performed, or substantially performed his obligations
under the Memorandum of Settlement, the Plaintiff would not sue him for the
Texchem Margin losses.

(ii) The Defendant contends that as he had performed or substantially
performed his obligations under the Memorandum of Settlement, the Plaintiffs
are in law and/or in equity precluded and/or estopped from suing him and/or it
is unconscionable for them to do so.

9 The central theme of the defendant’s counterclaim was again the memorandum
of settlement. In sum, he maintained that whilst he had performed or
substantially performed his part of the bargain, the plaintiff did not do so
and as a result he suffered damage. Although no definite figures were stated
in his counterclaim, the court was told that his counterclaim was for a sum of
$237,000 (rounded up) and $16,800 interest.

10 The Reply and Rejoinder filed by the respective parties require no mention
at this stage.

**Evidence**

11 There were altogether four witnesses who testified for the plaintiff. They
were:

(a) Ong Seng Gee (“OSG”), an executive director of the plaintiff;

(b) Ms Tay Ai Khim (“Tay”), manager in the margin financing department of Kim
Eng Securities Pte Ltd (“Kim Eng”) (the plaintiff merged with Kim Eng and
became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Kim Eng Group from 7 November 2001);

(c) Ms Teo Seow Lee (“Teo”), a credit officer of the plaintiff; and

(d) Ms Wu Wen Shan (“Wu”), the general manager of the plaintiff.

For the defence, there was only one witness. It was the defendant, Mr Lua Soo
Theng himself. Their respective testimonies can be summarised as follows.

**_The plaintiff’s evidence_**

_OSG_

12 OSG was the principal witness for the plaintiff. His evidence was that he
is currently an executive director of the plaintiff. His late father, Mr Ong
Tjin An, was the executive chairman and chief executive officer of the
plaintiff. His uncle, Ong Ka Tuan, was also an executive director of the
plaintiff. He first joined the plaintiff as a corporate executive in August
1995, rose through the corporate ladder fairly swiftly over the years, and in
March 2001 became the managing director of the plaintiff. He said that the
plaintiff was, at all material times, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ong Asia
Limited (“OAL”). OAL was acquired and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kim
Eng Holdings Ltd on 6 November 2001. After the acquisition, he remained at the
plaintiff as an executive director to the present time.

13 OSG claimed that the plaintiff’s organisation was subject to the control of
an executive committee (“the Exco”). It comprises the chairman, the managing
director, one executive director and senior managers. At all material times in
1996/1997, the plaintiff had two general managers, Wu and one Mr Goh Boon Huat
(“Goh”), who were also the members of the Exco. OSG said he was fully familiar
with the circumstances and development relating to the defendant’s employment
with the plaintiff.

14 OSG said that sometime at the end of 1996, the plaintiff was interested in
recruiting the services of Ms Evelyn Lee (“Evelyn”), a very successful
dealer’s representative at another leading Singapore stockbroking firm,
Vickers Ballas Securities Pte Ltd (“Vickers”). She is the wife of the
defendant. The plaintiff also came to know at about that time that the
defendant was a successful financial consultant with strong financial ties and
would also be suitable to be recruited as a dealer’s representative. However,
Evelyn’s recruitment had to be put on hold because she was not in a position
to get a release from Vickers on account of some unpaid losses for the
accounts of those clients she had been servicing. The discussion between the
parties then turned to the recruitment of the defendant, with the intention
that Evelyn’s recruitment might be reviewed at a later date.

15 According to OSG, during discussions, the defendant indicated that he had
various contacts, who would open an account to trade with him as their
dealer’s representative. The defendant also said that he had a high net worth
client known as Dick Chan Teik Huat (“Chan”) who wished to obtain a margin
line to carry out margin financing. The defendant also indicated that since
Chan would like to trade as soon as possible, the plaintiff should facilitate
the opening of Chan’s margin account without waiting for the defendant to
complete the formalities to join the plaintiff officially. The plaintiff acted
on the request and a margin account was consequently opened on 28 January 1997
in the name of Chan’s corporate vehicle, Texchem, a British Virgin Islands
company. Along with the Texchem margin account, various other accounts for the
contacts of the defendant were also opened, all of them prior to the defendant
joining the plaintiff. The understanding between the plaintiff and the
defendant was that the accounts thus opened at the behest of the defendant,
would be serviced by him immediately upon his joining the plaintiff.

16 OSG said that upon the opening of Texchem’s margin account, the plaintiff
arranged for Li Hyan, one of its house dealers, to temporarily service the
account of Texchem. This was only a stopgap measure and the clear
understanding was that Li Hyan was simply to act as a caretaker in the interim
period to facilitate any trade which the defendant’s clients wished to make
before the defendant commenced his employment with the plaintiff. In fact, Li
Hyan carried out only a single trade in Texchem’s margin account on 4 February
1997. All the subsequent trades, on the Texchem account, were transacted by
the defendant after he had joined the plaintiff on 12 February 1997 and the
brokerage reports of the defendant would bear testimony to this fact.

17 OSG invited the court’s attention to the terms contained in the letter of
appointment of the defendant, particularly to cll 7 to 17 therein ([2]
_supra_), dealing with securities, rights of the plaintiff and the defendant’s
liability in respect of his client’s transactions. OSG also made reference to
a memorandum from the plaintiff’s then dealing liaison manager, Chao Kok Chin
(“Chao”), to the plaintiff’s credit department on 12 February 1997,
instructing the latter to transfer the accounts from Li Hyan to the defendant.

18 OSG explained that the plaintiff did not arrange for the defendant to sign
Texchem’s margin account to replace Li Hyan’s signature, as it would have
necessitated Texchem to pass perhaps another resolution to re-sign the fresh
agreement. He also felt that it could also have been due to an oversight.
Nonetheless, according to OSG, the signatures of the dealer’s representatives
to the margin account agreements were essentially an additional confirmation
of the indemnity, already provided for in their letters of appointments and as
such, the fact that the plaintiff did not cause the defendant to sign a fresh
margin agreement in relation to Texchem’s margin account did not mean that the
defendant was not bound by the indemnity which he had already provided under
his letter of appointment. OSG mentioned that, in any event, cl 3.12 of
Texchem’s margin account agreement made it clear that the indemnity provided
was in addition to any other rights the plaintiff might have against the
client and/or a dealer’s representative.

19 According to OSG, the defendant was fully aware of his obligation that in
taking over Texchem’s margin account from Li Hyan, he would be liable for any
deficits in Texchem’s margin account. In fact, all commissions carried out in
Texchem’s account were attributable and paid to the defendant, including the
commissions for the single trade keyed in by Li Hyan prior to 12 February
1997, which also was as a stand-in for the defendant. OSG added that the
defendant’s conduct at all times was that he was entitled to all fees and
commissions arising from Texchem’s account. In this connection, OSG referred
to the correspondence between members of Team 80 (a team of leaders led by the
defendant) and the plaintiff, evidencing the fact that the defendant had given
instructions and obtained his share of commissions, facility fees, rollover
fees and other fees and other payments arising from Texchem’s margin account
at all material times. Further, according to OSG, under cl 10 of the
defendant’s letter of appointment, the defendant was obliged to indemnify the
plaintiff for all losses and damage arising from all the transactions dealt by
or through him. OSG added that since Texchem was a non-institutional client
(as admitted by the defendant in “further and better particulars” provided by
the defendant on 22 April 2003), the exclusions for losses in relation to
trades for institutional clients were not available to the defendant for
margin account losses.

20 OSG said that in margin trades, the client was allowed to purchase anything
between 2.5 to 3.5 times the value of whatever collateral pledged with the
plaintiff and the risk factor was high if the market conditions became
adverse. OSG said that the defendant had consistently acknowledged his
obligation and had assumed liability for any deficit in Texchem’s margin
account. This was evidenced by the fact that he had consistently, during the
tenure of his employment with the plaintiff, provided banker’s guarantees to
further underpin the liabilities in Texchem’s margin account. In this regard,
OSG relied on a few banker’s guarantees provided by the defendant to the
plaintiff and the phraseology found in them. OSG added that a subsequent
change of wording, to expand the original ambit from margin account losses to
a general banker’s guarantee at the time of the departure of the defendant
from the plaintiff’s employment, did not alter the defendant’s already accrued
obligations and liabilities under his letter of appointment in any manner.

21 As regards the memorandum of settlement dated 11 April 2001, on which the
defendant placed substantial reliance in this action, the evidence of OSG, as
appears in paras 72 to 80 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, bears
reproduction and the paragraphs read as follows:

72\. As is standard when any Dealer’s Representative leaves the Plaintiffs’
organisation, the management will meet with the Dealer’s Representative to
discuss the outstanding losses in the Dealer’s Representative’s clients’
accounts, as well as all other associated matters.

73\. I met with the Defendant sometime in March 2001 together with our ex-
General Manager, Goh, our ex-Credit Manager, Charles Tan and our trainee
Credit Manager, Quek Chin Hung. During this meeting, I informed the Defendant
that he would have to make payment or provide collateral for all his clients’
losses. When the subject of Texchem’s Margin Account was raised, the Defendant
indicated that Texchem’s margin positions should be the Company’s
responsibility and not his.

74\. I did not agree with the Defendant’s position that Texchem’s margin
positions should be the Company’s responsibility and not his. The Defendant
did not provide any basis for this contention, and the only basis for his
request is simply that he would honour his obligations towards the losses in
all his other clients’ accounts, but he wanted the Company to release him from
liability for Texchem’s Margin Account as the sum involved was too substantial
for him.

75\. Furthermore, the Defendant’s request to waive his liability for Texchem’s
margin position, which was for a very substantial sum, was not a matter within
my authority. Although there are no fixed guidelines issued by the Company
specifying the amount of losses which the Directors may waive, the Company has
implemented clear guidelines as to the trading limits which the Managing
Director and the Executive Chairman may authorise. In the case of a Dealer,
the global retail limit (ie the maximum limit for all his retail clients)
which the Managing Director may authorise for any particular Dealer is a sum
not exceeding S$5million, while the Executive Chairman may approve a limit up
to S$6million. For any amounts above S$6million, this will require the Credit
Committee’s approval. A copy of the Board meeting minutes of the Plaintiffs
dated 1 March 2001 evidencing such restrictions in the approval for trading
limits is now produced and shown to me and marked “OSG-17”.

76\. My response to the Defendant was that I did not have authority to waive
such extensive losses, and any such decision to release him for the extensive
losses would require the Credit Committee of the Company to make such a
decision. I therefore told the Defendant that the only thing I could agree to
was that I would use my best endeavours to communicate his sentiments to the
Credit Committee, but I gave absolutely no assurance that the Credit Committee
would agree to waive his liability.

77\. After some discussion, we finally agreed that we would document his
contention to me that Texchem’s margin positions should be the Company’s
responsibility and further that I would use my best endeavours to communicate
his sentiments to the Credit Committee, and the issue of whether his liability
should be waived would be put to the Credit Committee for a decision.

78\. As detailed above, I had wanted the banker’s guarantees provided by the
Defendant to be extended to cover losses pertaining to all accounts serviced
by the Defendant, instead of only securing Texchem’s margin positions. The
margin deficits in Texchem’s account were of a very significant amount and we
had anticipated that recovery action would probably have to be taken against
Texchem as well as the guarantor, Chan, although this will take time and it
was certainly not a pre-condition to our looking to the Defendant under his
indemnity that we should first attempt or obtain recovery from Texchem and its
guarantor. From the Plaintiffs’ point of view, however, the immediate pressing
issue then was his repayment of all the other losses and it was important to
ensure that we also receive collateral to secure the losses of his other
clients such that, if the Defendant defaulted in his various promises to make
instalment payments, we could call on the banker’s guarantee for non-payment
in respect of such losses immediately.

79\. Since the Defendant refused to put up any further banker’s guarantees,
the Plaintiffs’ next best alternative was to ensure that the banker’s
guarantees he had previously provided be changed to be generally worded to
cover all liabilities under his letter of appointment. At no time did we
release the Defendant from liability for Texchem’s margin positions.

80\. In the discussions that ensued, the Defendant agreed to change the terms
of his banker’s guarantee to a generally worded banker’s guarantee so that it
would cover all amounts arising under his Letter of Appointment, which would
necessarily include both the deficits under Texchem’s Margin Account, as well
as the losses of his other clients, including those that had already
crystallised and identified in the Memorandum of Settlement.

22 Dealing with the defendant’s allegations that he provided banker’s
guarantees only for the purposes of helping the plaintiff to facilitate the
plaintiff’s intended initial public offer (“IPO”) listing, OSG remarked that
the allegation was unmeritorious since the defendant had since 10 March 1998
provided banker’s guarantees to secure the losses in Texchem’s margin account.
He added that in February 1998, Mr Ong Ka Tuan approached the defendant to
furnish a banker’s guarantee on account of the deteriorating margin position
in Texchem’s account and at that point in time, OAL had absolutely no
intention of going public because of the very adverse economic conditions
surrounding Asia. In any event, at that time, the plaintiff had no track
record of strong earnings in the previous years, which was then a requirement
for IPO listing. As it happened, OAL proceeded to engage underwriters and
placement agents in August 1999 and the application for listing was made only
in November 1999.

23 OSG, in his evidence, also dealt with the stock account losses agreed to be
paid by the defendant by instalments as reflected in cl 7 of the memorandum of
settlement. This was in reference to the losses that had crystallised as at 3
April 1997. OSG said that the memorandum of settlement, however, was not
intended to cover stock account losses occasioned by the defendant after 3
April 1997. OSG also emphasised that the said memorandum did not provide that
it was in full and final settlement of each parties’ respective claims against
each other. He added that the defendant’s conduct in refusing to pay stock
account losses, which crystallised subsequent to 11 April 2001, was,
therefore, without basis. He further said that the defendant’s allegations,
that in subsequently seeking to claim such losses from him the plaintiff had
breached the memorandum of settlement, were also without any merit.

24 OSG’s account, as regards the defendant’s conduct subsequent to his
resignation from the plaintiff’s employment on 12 May 2001, was as follows.

25 After the defendant’s departure from the plaintiff, he initially made
payments to the plaintiff in accordance with his obligations under the
memorandum of settlement. However, the defendant subsequently started to make
various unilateral and unauthorised deductions from the agreed payment
schedule, alleging that he was entitled to certain payments, which the
plaintiff disputed. By January 2003, in addition to having made unilateral and
unauthorised deductions, the defendant failed to make further payments under
the memorandum of settlement.

26 However, the banker’s guarantees were not sufficient to cover the
outstanding amounts due from the defendant to the plaintiff under the terms of
the memorandum of settlement, apart from Texchem’s margin account losses.
These payments were also strictly irrelevant to the plaintiff’s claim against
the defendant for the losses in Texchem’s margin account, contrary to the
position taken by the defendant in these proceedings.

27 OSG said that the issue of the defendant’s liability for Texchem’s margin
account was tabled by him when the plaintiff’s credit committee met on 22
October 2001. According to OSG, he briefed the credit committee on the
defendant’s contentions that he should not be held responsible for the losses
in Texchem’s margin account, and recommended to the committee that it should
consider waiving his liability even if the plaintiff were to hold the view
that he was liable. Having briefed the committee, he did not participate in
the vote that was taken at that meeting. The decision by the committee at that
meeting was to put the matter on hold and see whether the defendant would
perform all his obligations under the terms of the memorandum settlement.
There was a further meeting held by the credit committee on 11 December 2001.
However, the issue of the defendant’s liability for Texchem’s losses was not
discussed at that meeting. When the committee met again on 6 November 2002, it
was apprised of the status of litigation with Texchem in Singapore, and its
guarantor in Malaysia, as well as the difficulties which the plaintiff was
experiencing with the various positions taken by the defendant in making
unauthorised deductions and his refusal to honour his commitments under the
memorandum of settlement. In the event, the committee decided not to waive the
defendant’s liability for losses in Texchem’s margin account and to commence
action against the defendant for the losses.

28 OSG was recalled to answer an allegation by the defendant that a memorandum
of charge executed by Texchem, which appeared at p 14 of the core bundle of
documents, suggested that the collateral shares were charged to Texchem’s
margin account prior to 12 February 1997. OSG’s evidence, in this regard, was
that there were no shares charged to Texchem’s margin account when the
memorandum of charge was signed on 28 January 1997 as could be seen from the
fact that the schedule to the said memorandum of charge was a blank sheet of
paper.

_Tay_

29 The plaintiff’s second witness was Tay. Her evidence, by and large, was in
relation to the nature of a margin account and its comparison with a cash
account and in so far as is material, it was to the following effect.

30 Tay testified that notwithstanding the fact that a margin account entailed
the provision of collateral by the customer and despite the buffer made
available by the customer’s equity in the account, the operation of a margin
account still presented a greater risk to a stockbroking company as compared
to a cash account. This was because of the “gearing” or multiplying effect of
margin financing which allowed a client to essentially make net share
purchases of up to 2.5 to 3.5 times the value of his pledged collateral.

31 During cross-examination, Tay testified that before the merger between Kim
Eng and the plaintiff, Kim Eng only required its margin account agreements to
be signed between the client and Kim Eng, and its trading representatives did
not sign the margin account agreement. However, the trading representatives
would still be liable for an indemnity for the margin account losses of their
clients by virtue of the indemnity clause contained in Kim Eng’s standard
letters of appointment which are signed by its trading representatives. The
letter of appointment issued by Kim Eng similarly did not specifically refer
to margin accounts but simply referred to coverage of all trading accounts.

32 To a question put to her during cross-examination, Tay confirmed that all
stockbroking firms would look to their trading representatives to indemnify
them for losses for all accounts including margin accounts, the only exception
being trades carried out for institutional clients.

_Teo_

33 Teo’s evidence was that she had been a credit officer of the plaintiff at
all material times. She narrated to the court, in her affidavit of evidence-
in-chief, the recovery action taken by the plaintiff against one Ngu Tieng
Ung, one of the defendant’s clients. However, the issue relating to Ngu Tieng
Ung’s liability was no longer a live issue by the time the hearing commenced
in this action. Her other evidence centred on steps taken by the plaintiff
against Texchem, in Singapore and elsewhere. In this regard, her evidence was
as follows.

34 Teo averred that the plaintiff had commenced an action against Texchem in
the Singapore High Court and had obtained judgment against Texchem on 10 March
2003. However, as Texchem was a British Virgin Islands company with no known
assets within or outside Singapore, the plaintiff was unable to execute the
judgment.

35 Teo also gave evidence that the plaintiff had commenced legal proceedings
against Chan in Malaysia and had applied for summary judgment but the action
was still pending against Chan in the Kuala Lumpur High Court.

36 During cross-examination, Teo confirmed that the defendant did call her
some time in December 2002 to request a return of one of his two banker’s
guarantees. Teo told the court that she informed the defendant that he would
have to speak to OSG on his request but that OSG was on leave at that point in
time.

37 Teo was recalled as a witness during the trial after the defendant raised
an allegation during the cross-examination of Wu, that the Metroplex Bhd
shares deposited as collateral in Texchem’s account were deposited before the
defendant’s commencement of employment on 12 February 1997. When Teo was
recalled to the stand, she provided copies of the plaintiff’s margin valuation
report which were admitted and exhibited.[2]

38 From the documents thus admitted in evidence, Teo said that the collateral
for four million Metroplex Bhd shares, which was the first deposit of
collateral by Texchem, was furnished to the plaintiff on 17 February 1997. Teo
further testified that, based on the margin valuation report,[3] the second
deposit of 11.1 million Metroplex Bhd shares as collateral by Texchem was on
20 February 1997.

39 Teo’s evidence on this issue resulted in the defendant and his solicitors
conceding that the deposit of collateral by Texchem of four million Metroplex
Bhd shares was indeed on 17 February 1997, and the further deposit of
collateral by Texchem of 11.1 million Metroplex Bhd shares was on 20 February
1997, and not before 12 February 1997 (which was the date the defendant
commenced employment with the plaintiff) as alleged by the defendant.

_Wu_

40 Wu said that at the material time, she was one of the two general managers
of the plaintiff. She said that she was predominantly overseeing the
operations, human resource and information technology departments of the
plaintiff whereas the other general manager, Goh, was in charge of the
plaintiff’s finance and credit departments. Wu’s evidence could be summarised
as follows.

41 Wu averred that she was a member of the Exco at all material times and was
present at the Exco meetings when the recruitment of the defendant and his
wife Evelyn was discussed. Wu’s evidence was that the plaintiff had initially
intended to recruit the defendant first and subsequently to recruit Evelyn
with a view to the defendant and Evelyn working as a team as dealers. However,
it subsequently transpired that the plaintiff was able to recruit the
defendant but not Evelyn whose intended departure from Vickers, where she was
employed, was hampered by unexpected trading losses.

42 Wu also testified that in her capacity as head of the plaintiff’s human
resource department, she was aware that a standard letter of appointment would
be used for all its dealers, regardless of whether that particular dealer
serviced cash accounts, margin accounts or both. In all cases, the standard
format or wording of a letter of appointment would be used irrespective of
whether the dealer concerned services margin or cash accounts, or both.

43 Wu claimed that she had attended the meetings of the plaintiff’s credit
committee and averred that the minutes of the two credit committee meetings
held on 22 October 2001 and 11 December 2001 represented an accurate and
faithful record of the proceedings during those two meetings.

44 In her evidence, Wu also testified as to the value of the collateral which
was pledged by Texchem when the margin account was first opened with the
plaintiff. She further deposed to the value of securities (which were
previously furnished by Texchem as collateral) as at November 2003.

45 Wu further deposed that the defendant was, at all material times, both the
dealer servicing the margin account and the relationship manager in relation
to Texchem’s account. She said that prior to his departure from the
plaintiff’s employment, the defendant was very much in control of the
plaintiff’s efforts in procuring Texchem or Chan to provide the requisite
collateral.

46 She claimed that the defendant was also involved at each stage of the
decision-making process to effect the force-selling of Texchem’s collateral.

47 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Wu further explained the reasons
which contributed to the devaluation of Texchem’s collateral and other factors
which inhibited the plaintiff from force-selling Texchem’s collateral and/or
which affected the share price and the ability to realise a good value for the
collateral. According to her, this included the ASEAN currency crisis in 1997
which erased almost 66% off the share price of Metroplex Bhd shares for the
year of 1997 alone. She added that the prices of Metroplex Bhd shares and
other collateral put up by Texchem or Chan were also affected and devalued by
the Central Limited Orders Book (CLOB) issue which existed from early
September 1998 to mid-2001.

**_The defendant’s evidence_**

48 The defendant’s evidence, as appeared from his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief, was to the following effect.

49 He is also known as David Lua and is presently a director of ACPS
Investments Pte Ltd, a company engaged in making investments in businesses.

50 Before joining the plaintiff, he was working as a management consultant.
Prior to that, he was holding senior finance and management positions in
several listed companies.

51 He was employed as Director, Institutional Sales (Dealer’s Representative)
by the plaintiff with effect from 12 February 1997. He ceased employment with
the plaintiff about four years later, with effect from 31 May 2001.

52 In his letter of appointment, paras 10 to 15 set out his liability to
indemnify the plaintiff for losses incurred arising from “client’s
transactions” dealt by or through him. He was also liable to indemnify the
plaintiff for all sums due and payable to the plaintiff where the client
failed to pay the “contract sum” within the “due date”. Losses arising from
transactions by “institutional clients” in respect of trades not exceeding the
trading limit approved by the plaintiff were expressly excluded from the
indemnity.

53 According to him, his liability to indemnify the plaintiff did not include
or extend to losses incurred from stock account trading and margin accounts.

54 He averred that he was not liable for Texchem’s margin account and his
reasons in brief were:

(a) He did not sign the margin account agreement between the plaintiff and
Texchem which agreement contained the indemnity provisions for margin account
losses. In Texchem’s case, the margin account agreement had been signed by
another dealer’s representative before he commenced employment with the
plaintiff. He did not sign it, neither did he undertake any liability for
Texchem’s margin account losses, whether expressly or impliedly.

(b) The indemnity under the letter of appointment was not intended to cover
margin accounts. Margin account transactions were by nature different from
stock and shares trading transactions. Margin accounts involved the granting
by the plaintiff for share purchases, and the use by the client of “margin
facilities” to finance the purchase of stocks and shares. The client was
required to provide collateral as security for the use of the facilities which
collateral included the giving of marginable securities. Furthermore, losses
could arise, as in the present case, as a result of the diminishing value of
the securities which was not a loss resulting from the trading of shares. He
would not have held himself liable to indemnify any losses on the margin
account in Texchem because of the exposure, which was in the tens of millions.

55 He added that before he left the employ of the plaintiff, he entered into
an agreement with the plaintiff to settle their differences. The terms of the
agreement were contained in the memorandum of settlement dated 11 April 2002
and a clarification thereto dated 23 May 2001. Under the memorandum of
settlement, he was obliged to make payment of slightly over $700,000.00 to the
plaintiff over a period of about one and a half years. To secure the payment,
he was required to provide two banker’s guarantees for $150,000.00 and
$200,000.00 respectively. In turn, the plaintiff undertook certain obligations
towards him.

56 He alleged that the plaintiff breached the memorandum of settlement by
wrongfully claiming to add further obligations on him and by wrongfully
calling up on the said banker’s guarantees.

57 He narrated the events leading up to his employment with the plaintiff as
follows. In 1996, the plaintiff approached his wife, Evelyn, to join the
plaintiff. However, she declined and stayed with her employer, Vickers, where
she was a dealer’s representative. Evelyn then introduced him to the plaintiff
in October 1996. He then met with the management of the plaintiff to explore
his interest in the stockbroking business and the possibility of his joining
the plaintiff.

58 He confirmed that Chan and his private investment vehicle, Texchem, were
clients of Evelyn at Vickers when he decided to join the plaintiff. Evelyn
introduced Chan and various other parties as potential clients for the
plaintiff. Consequently, he commenced work with the plaintiff on 12 February
1997. It was the first time he started work as a dealer’s representative in
the stockbroking business.

59 On 12 February 1997, Li Hyan was instructed by an internal memorandum to
transfer over to him the servicing of the several clients’ accounts which had
been introduced to the plaintiff by Evelyn. Texchem was one of those
mentioned.

60 According to the defendant, the plaintiff had given Texchem a $20m credit
line to trade in shares under a margin account. However, he was not aware that
Texchem had signed a margin account agreement; neither was he aware that Li
Hyan had also co-signed it. However, neither Li Hyan nor anyone else in the
plaintiff had at any time given him a copy of the margin account agreement. At
no time was he told that when he took over the servicing of the Texchem
account, he would have to sign the margin account agreement or he was to
indemnify the plaintiff if Texchem defaulted.

61 Dealing with Texchem’s transactions, the defendant claimed that in February
1997, Texchem activated the use of the $20m margin facility. To start with,
Chan arranged for the transfer to the plaintiff of 15.1 million Metroplex Bhd
shares. They were then valued at $29,294,000.00.

62 Then the plaintiff took over from other stockbrokers and financial
institutions, two blocks of 6.5 million (totalling 13 million) Metroplex Bhd
shares owned either by Chan or Texchem. For these, the plaintiff paid out to
the other stockbrokers and financial institutions $24,033,937.50 drawn down
from the margin facility.

63 Based on the plaintiff’s margin monthly statement dated 28 February 1997,
the total value of Texchem’s collateral shares was about $53.7m. Specifically,
they comprised:

(a) 15.1 million Metroplex Bhd shares (_ie_ , shares transferred to them as
collateral from Chan) valued at $29,294,000.00; and

(b) 12.6 million Metroplex Bhd shares (_ie_ , 13 million shares purchased less
400,000 shares sold on 27 February 1997) valued at $24,444,000.00.

64 Further, the net amount of loan to Texchem outstanding at the relevant time
was $23,617,791.00.

65 The defendant added that Texchem was charged a commitment fee of
$300,000.00 for the $20m facility in February 1997. The sum was debited to the
margin account. The plaintiff shared this commitment fee with him in a 65:35
proportion. Likewise, in May 1997, when an additional $10m facility was
granted to Texchem, an amount of $150,000.00 was also debited to the margin
account and shared between the plaintiff and the defendant. In addition,
Texchem was charged yearly facility rollover fees of 1% on the credit line
which was shared with the defendant in the same manner. Interest charges
payable by Texchem were also debited to the margin account. Total interest
charges for the period of February 1997 to March 2001 (the account was closed
by the plaintiff on 9 April 2001) was $4,553,174.77. These interest charges
were not shared by the plaintiff with the defendant.

66 The defendant said that by late 1997, the value of Metroplex Bhd shares
started to fall drastically due to the Asian economic crisis. Texchem was
requested to bring in fresh securities or, alternatively, pare down the
financing. Texchem requested indulgence and submitted various schedules of
payment, some of which were not honoured, or not fully honoured.

67 According to the defendant, the plaintiff’s margin accounts were operated
under the strict rules of the Singapore Exchange, then known as the Stock
Exchange of Singapore (“SES”). Under SES rules, collateral value had to be
maintained at 140% or more of the financing granted. Where it fell below 140%
(but not below 130%), the client would be asked to top up by way of cash or
additional suitable shares (“marginable shares”), failing which the plaintiff
would force-sell a part of the collateral shares held to bring the account
into compliance. When the collateral value fell to 130% or less, the plaintiff
was at liberty to force-sell without further reference to the client. The
plaintiff monitored margin accounts daily. When the 140% floor level was
reached, further share purchases for the clients were prevented. This was what
happened in Texchem’s case. When the 140% floor level was reached, the
plaintiff’s credit department would instruct the defendant to force-sell,
which he did. Unfortunately, Metroplex Bhd shares never recovered. Ultimately,
neither Texchem nor Chan made good on the outstanding margin account.

68 As to his issuing banker’s guarantees in respect of Texchem losses, his
averments and explanations were as follows.

69 Sometime in February 1998, Mr Ong Ka Tuan approached the defendant to
assist the plaintiff by providing a banker’s guarantee. He explained that the
plaintiff was asking dealer’s representatives to help out so as to reduce the
provisions for the 1997 year-end accounts. He highlighted to the defendant
that Texchem’s margin account was deficient and the provisions that would be
required would adversely affect the plaintiff’s year-end results which in turn
would adversely affect the plaintiff’s future plans for an IPO on the SES.

70 Ong Ka Tuan requested that the defendant help out by providing a short-term
banker’s guarantee for $500,000.00. The defendant was not agreeable and
replied that he was not liable for Texchem’s margin account. Ong Ka Tuan
assured the defendant that the plaintiff would not call on the guarantee and
offered to pay the defendant for the bank charges and fees for issuing the
banker’s guarantee. The defendant did not agree to his request then and told
him that he would think about it.

71 A few days later, Ong Tjin An, Chairman of the plaintiff, called the
defendant to his room. He was a highly respected person and was looked upon as
a man of his word. He also had a good relationship with the dealer’s
representatives. He told the defendant of the deficiency in Texchem’s margin
account and requested assistance from the defendant by providing a banker’s
guarantee for $500,000.00 so as to reduce the level of provisions required for
year-end purposes and for the future plans for an IPO. The defendant again
pointed out that he was not liable for Texchem’s margin account. Ong Tjin An
assured the defendant that the banker’s guarantee would not be called upon.

72 Despite his view that he was not liable, the defendant was generally happy
in the plaintiff company and felt that he might be able to stay on with it for
a longer term and benefit from its listing on the SES. He was therefore
prepared to help. When he told Ong Tjin An that he did not have the resources
to raise a bank guarantee for $500,000.00, the latter suggested that the
defendant could use his house as collateral and the plaintiff would in turn
pay for the bank guarantee fee and charges the defendant incurred with my
bankers. In the end, the defendant agreed to help because of Ong Tjin An’s
assurances.

73 The banker’s guarantee dated 10 March 1998 was therefore given with a
short-term validity period of six months. It was subsequently renewed in
September 1998 for a reduced amount of $300,000.00 for another six months. In
December 1998, an additional banker’s guarantee of $150,000.00 was given to
the plaintiff for a period of six months. This was subsequently renewed on 6
June 1999 and expired on 4 December 1999. No further renewal of this
$150,000.00 guarantee was given. In January 2000, after the expiry of the
$300,000.00 banker’s guarantee (which expired in December 1999), the defendant
provided a fresh banker’s guarantee of $200,000.00 at the request of the
plaintiff.

74 The plaintiff issued a prospectus for its IPO on 20 March 2000. When the
$200,000.00 banker’s guarantee expired in July 2000, the defendant was asked
to renew it to cover the outstanding substantial contra losses of his other
clients. As it was true that several of his other clients had contra losses
with the plaintiff, the guarantee was given for one year. Other than that, no
changes were made to the wording of the guarantee.

75 The defendant claimed that it was not true for the plaintiff to say that
his giving of the banker’s guarantee covering the Texchem losses was an
admission by him of his liability for Texchem’s margin account position,
whether by way of implied liability under the margin account agreement which
he never signed, or under the terms of the indemnity in his letter of
appointment.

76 As regards his departure from the plaintiff and the circumstances
surrounding the signing of the memorandum of settlement, the defendant’s
averments are as follows.

77 In early 2001, he decided to quit the stockbroking industry. At that point,
several of his clients had outstanding contra losses, totalling about $0.5m.
He then initiated discussion with the management on the settlement of those
liabilities prior to his departure.

78 A meeting was called on 4 April 2001. Present at the meeting were the newly
appointed executive director, OSG; the general manager, Goh; and the credit
manager, Charles Tan.

79 As a result of the discussions and compromise reached, the plaintiff
prepared a memorandum of settlement dated 11 April 2001 which he countersigned
in confirmation.

80 According to him, this settlement agreement was intended to cover all
issues between the plaintiff and him, including the disagreement on the
Texchem margin account, where both parties preserved their respective
positions.

81 After stating that the Texchem account was still outstanding and the amount
due and payable by Texchem and Chan was about $8.8m, the defendant averred
that although he was not liable for the outstanding account, he wanted to have
this matter resolved before his departure from the plaintiff.

82 He therefore specifically raised the matter for discussion and
documentation. All outstanding issues between the plaintiff and him were
discussed and negotiated.

83 OSG, who represented the plaintiff in this discussion, was a former
dealer’s representative himself. The defendant told him that he was not liable
for Texchem’s margin position as he had not agreed to indemnify the plaintiff
for this margin account. Furthermore, there was still outstanding collateral
held by the plaintiff which could be dealt with to improve Texchem’s margin
account position. He agreed, however, to assist the plaintiff in its actions
against Texchem and Chan for any losses.

84 OSG clearly appreciated the force of the defendant’s argument that he was
not liable for Texchem’s margin position. OSG said that the plaintiff would
recover the Texchem margin losses from Texchem and/or its guarantor, Chan, and
the plaintiff would sell or dispose of the collateral pledged to the plaintiff
(which was then still valued at $3,030,272.54). On the issue of the
defendant’s denial of liability, OSG said that he would use his best
endeavours to assist him in persuading the credit committee to agree with the
defendant’s position on the matter.

85 Because of the said representations made to him, and not otherwise, the
defendant in turn agreed to undertake the following:

(a) to give a fresh banker’s guarantee for $200,000.00 in favour of the
plaintiff as security for his agreement to pay the agreed amounts in the
compromise in substitution for the then $200,000.00 guarantee which was
expiring on 20 July 2001;

(b) to give another banker’s guarantee for $150,000.00 in favour of the
plaintiff as additional security; and

(c) to make instalment payments on Ngu Tieng Ung’s account of $10,000.00 per
month commencing from November 2001.

86 The defendant further averred that he assumed liability only for the stock
account losses as at 3 April 2001 covered under paras 7 and 8 of the
memorandum of settlement which amounted in total to $192,775.00. This
agreement to assume liability obviously prejudiced him because he had hitherto
denied that he was liable for all stock account losses.

87 In pursuance of his obligations and having regard to the undertakings under
the memorandum of settlement, the defendant claimed that he did the following:

(a) procured (renewed) a fresh banker’s guarantee for $200,000.00 in favour of
the plaintiff;

(b) procured another banker’s guarantee for $150,000.00 in favour of the
plaintiff;

(c) made payments of contra losses;

(d) undertook liability for the stock account losses as specified in the
memorandum of settlement;

(e) commenced payment of the monthly instalment payments towards Ngu Tieng
Ung’s account of $10,000.00 per month from November 2001.

88 As to the circumstances leading to the subsequent dispute between the
plaintiff and the defendant regarding the performance of the terms of the
memorandum of settlement, the defendant’s explanations were best stated in his
own words in paras 59 to 72 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief. They read
as follows:

_The MBF Stock Account losses_

59\. I was not liable for stock account trading losses. However, as part of
the compromise agreement, I agreed to pay only those stock account losses as
set out in clauses 7 and 8 of the MOS [memorandum of settlement], ie as at 3rd
April 2001. …

60\. By a letter dated 7 June 2001, the Plaintiffs unilaterally and wrongfully
sought to add additional stock account losses in respect of MBF Capital Sdn
Bhd to my account as well. Subsequently, and more particularly, by a letter
dated 19th  June 2001, the Plaintiffs clearly acted in breach of the MOS. …

_Ngu Tieng Ung’s contra losses_

61\. A client, Ngu Tieng Ung (“Ngu”), had incurred a contra loss back in 1997
and had refused to make payment despite efforts made to recover the loss. The
Plaintiffs had obtained Judgment against him in Singapore and attempts were
made to enforce the Judgment in Malaysia. The amounts to be recovered under
the Judgment were M$514,537.88 (ie approximately S$247,000) plus interest and
costs.

62\. At the time of the negotiations in early April 2001, the Company also
stated that they would continue to pursue recovery against Ngu. Other terms
were also agreed in respect of this account.

63\. I had genuinely expected that the Company would, after the MOS, proceed
diligently with their claims against Ngu and that the Company’s claim against
Ngu would be settled with 6 months. Hence it was agreed that “if Ngu did not
pay the Principal Amount by end October 2001, the monthly instalment of
$10,000 would commence in November 2001”. …

64\. However, after the settlement agreement, the Plaintiffs made no serious
attempts to recover from Ngu. Instead they contented themselves with their
right under the MOS to look to me for payment from November 2001 onwards. This
was highly prejudicial to me and the Company was not acting in compliance with
the terms of the MOS.

65\. On my part, I paid 13 monthly payments of $10,000 a month starting from
November 2001 up till November 2002.

66\. As at end-November 2002, I only owed approximately $117,000 to the
Plaintiffs. However, they were holding on to both guarantees for $150,000 and
$200,000 respectively. Since the Plaintiffs were already in breach of the MOS
and had already given notice of their intention to call on the banker’s
guarantees of $350,000.00, I was deeply concerned that the Company would
enforce the banker’s guarantees unlawfully.

67\. I therefore decided that I would not make further payments unless the
Plaintiffs would show their good faith by returning to me for cancellation at
least one of the two banker’s guarantees they were then still holding. The
amount then outstanding was adequately covered by any one of the guarantees.
This was conveyed to the Plaintiffs’ Ms Teo Siew Li and also referred to in my
solicitor’s letter to the Plaintiffs dated 10th  January 2003. …

_Further breaches by the plaintiffs_

68\. By a letter dated 3rd  January 2003, in breach of their obligations, the
Company (through their solicitors) demanded payment of the sum of
$8,404,630.84 (with interests and costs). Up to that date, nothing had been
conveyed to me about Mr Ong Seng Gee’s “best endeavours”. I obtained a copy of
the minutes of the Credit Committee meetings of 22nd  October 2001 and 8th
November 2002 after the discovery of documents on or about 2nd  June 2003 in
these proceedings. An examination of these minutes reaffirms my assertion that
Mr Ong Seng Gee had failed to comply with the obligations under the MOS.

69\. In addition, the Company had also failed to take any or any adequate
legal action or enforcement against Texchem and/or Chan Teik Huat to recover
the Texchem margin account losses and/or that the Company had failed to sell
and/or dispose of Texchem’s collaterals. The value of these collaterals was
$3,030,272.54 as at 31st  March 2001.

_The wrongful call on the banker’s guarantees_

70\. On 17th  February 2003, the Company (through their solicitors’ letter
dated 17th  February 2003) alleged that I had breached the MOS and that the
Company would proceed to enforce their rights under Clause 10. In that letter,
the Company claimed that I owed them an outstanding sum of $20,415.90 after
taking into account of all my earlier payments and my banker’s guarantees of
$350,000.00. The Plaintiffs then went ahead to carry out their threats. …

71\. On or around 8th  March 2003, the Company also unlawfully called on the
banker’s guarantees. Not only had the Company acted in bad faith, the Company
was not entitled to do so having regard to the fact that the Company had
already acted in breach of the MOS as elaborated earlier.

_Refusal to assign Ngu’s Debt_

72\. The net effect of the Plaintiffs calling up on the banker’s guarantees
was that all the outstandings on Ngu’s contra loss position with the
Plaintiffs was fully satisfied. However, to add insult to injury, when my
solicitors requested the Plaintiffs to recognise that I had been accordingly
subrogated to Ngu’s debt, and requested an assignment of the debt, the
Plaintiffs repeatedly raised baseless arguments to deny my request.

**Joint addendum on parties’ claim and counterclaim**

89 Before I proceed to evaluate the evidence adduced and the arguments
presented and state my conclusions, an agreed joint addendum submitted by the
parties’ counsel, concerning the parties’ claim and counterclaim, requires
reproduction. It reads as follows:

1\.  _Parties’ Agreement Reached On 13 October 2004 On Certain Issues_

Both the Plaintiffs and the Defendant have agreed to the following:-

(i) That the collateral value for which the Defendant should be given credit
should Judgment be entered on the Plaintiffs’ claim is the agreed sum of
S$2,187,524.00 (being the average figure between S$3,247,113.00 and
S$1,127,935.00 which figures are derived from AB pg 2088, a copy of which is
enclosed herein for the Court’s convenience).

(ii) Should the Court grant Judgment to the Plaintiffs, parties agree that the
principal sum to be awarded is a sum of S$6,567,106.84 (being S$8,754,630.84
as claimed under paragraph 18 (i) of the Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (BOP
pg 15) less S$2,187,524.00), but subject to paragraph (iii) below.

(iii) Should the Court grant Judgment to the Plaintiffs, parties further agree
that from the sum of S$6,567,106.84, there should be a further deduction of
S$236,540.69 to take into account the Defendant’s alleged counterclaim but
with no order as to costs on the counterclaim.

(iv) Should the Court grant Judgment to the Plaintiffs, parties further agree
that the Plaintiffs will be entitled to continuing interest on the sum of
S$6,330,566.15 (S$6,567,106.84 – S$236,540.69) at the rate of 8% per annum
from 1 April 2001 until payment.

2\. Following from the above, should the Court grant Judgment to the
Plaintiffs, both parties agree that there should be the following award:-

(i) Judgment for the Plaintiffs in the sum of S$6,330,566.15 (being
S$6,567,106.84 – S$236,540.69).

(ii) Continuing interest on the sum of S$6,330,566.15, at the rate of 8% per
annum from 1 April 2001 until payment.

(iii) There is no agreement between parties on the question of costs in the
event that the Court grants Judgment to the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs are
claiming costs on a full indemnity basis pursuant to Clause 14 of the Letter
of Appointment (reproduced in the Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim at BOP pg 7)
which is a contractual clause allegedly entitling the Plaintiffs to claim
costs on a full indemnity basis.

3\. Conversely, should the Court grant Judgment to the Defendant and dismiss
the Plaintiffs’ claim, parties agree to the following:-

(i) There be no order on the Defendant’s counterclaim and no order on costs of
the counterclaim.

(ii) There is no agreement between the parties on the issue of the Defendant’s
costs on the Plaintiffs’ claim.

**The plaintiff’s arguments**

90 The plaintiff’s claim, as pleaded and as presented during the trial is, in
the main, based on the indemnity provisions contained in the defendant’s
letter of appointment. The relevant provisions relied on by the plaintiff are
cll 10 to 17 therein.

91 In so far as is material, the plaintiff’s counsel underscored the following
provisions:

(a) Clause 10:

You shall be answerable and responsible to the Company and will keep the
Company fully indemnified and harmless against any and all losses or damage
the Company may sustain as a consequence of or in connection with or howsoever
arising from any and all transactions dealt by or through you (hereinafter
called “the Losses”…) ...

(b) Clause 13:

Notwithstanding the above, you shall on demand pay to the Company:

(a) the Losses/Contract Sum including contra losses or any part thereof; and

(b) interest thereon at the Company’s prevailing rate

from the due date to the date of full payment.

(c) Clause 17(b):

Notwithstanding the termination of your appointment for any reason whatsoever,
you shall remain fully liable to the Company for all Losses and outstanding
sums due and payable hereunder, and any collateral or security provided by you
to the Company shall continue to be valid binding and enforceable for all
purposes until all outstanding sums due and payable hereunder shall be fully
recovered by the Company.

92 Further or in the alternative, the plaintiff’s claim is based on the terms
of the margin account agreement. The contention advanced on behalf of the
plaintiff, in this respect, was that although the said margin account
agreement was not signed by the defendant, he was still bound by its terms
owing to the following:

(a) Neither Li Hyan nor the plaintiff had any relationship with Texchem and/or
Chan before Texchem opened the margin account with the plaintiff.

(b) Li Hyan was merely the house dealer who was appointed by the plaintiff to
manage all the defendant’s clients’ accounts for the transitional period
before the defendant joined the plaintiff’s employment, because these clients
had all opened accounts with the plaintiff before the defendant’s commencement
of employment.

(c) All the defendant’s clients’ accounts, including Texchem’s margin account,
were immediately transferred to the defendant when he commenced employment on
12 February 1997.

(d) Li Hyan carried out only a single trade in Texchem’s margin account on 4
February 1997 and all subsequent trades were carried out by the defendant in
Texchem’s margin account.

(e) All the commissions for the trades carried out in Texchem’s margin
account, including the commission for the single trade keyed in by Li Hyan on
4 February 1997 (which accounted for a substantial commission of $21,949.88
for the dealer) were all attributed and paid to the defendant.

(f) The defendant had earned commitment fees on the full $20m margin credit
line given to Texchem initially, notwithstanding that Li Hyan had carried out
the first trade on 4 February 1997 in the purchase of 6.5 million Metroplex
Bhd shares with a value of about $12m and which therefore used up the credit
line for that amount.

(g) A proportion of 35% of the sum of $450,000.00, which was the commitment
fee for the year 1997 charged on Texchem’s margin account for the full margin
limit of $30m, was attributed to the defendant.

(h) For the year 1997 alone, the total amount of fees and brokerage earned
from Texchem’s margin account was approximately $910,000.00 and the defendant
would have earned 35% of that sum.

(i) The defendant had signed five other similar margin account agreements for
other margin account clients he serviced.

(j) The defendant had sought the benefit of the trades under Texchem’s margin
account for his share of the commissions, facility fees, rollover fees and
commitment fees.

(k) The defendant had provided numerous bankers’ guarantees to secure the
losses under Texchem’s margin account as particularised under para 4 of the
defendant’s Amended Rejoinder and Reply to Defence to Counterclaim.

93 The plaintiff’s counsel further invited my attention to the various
bankers’ guarantees provided by the defendant to underpin the Texchem account.
These guarantees were, admittedly, provided by the defendant, first in March
1998 and subsequently renewed at various intervals right up to August 2000.The
plaintiff’s counsel also, in this connection, urged the court to give no
credence to the defendant’s claim that these guarantees were requested by the
plaintiff for the purpose of window-dressing the accounts of the plaintiff in
relation to the plaintiff’s prospective IPO.

**The defendant’s arguments**

94 The contention by the defendant’s counsel is anchored primarily to the
memorandum of settlement. The arguments advanced on behalf of the defendant in
response to the plaintiff’s claim are encapsulated in the defendant’s
executive summary[4] in the following terms:

(a) The memorandum of settlement was a compromise agreement binding on the
parties. The plaintiff failed to comply with the terms of the memorandum and
the plaintiff was precluded from suing the defendant. Further and
alternatively, even if the plaintiff was not precluded, the plaintiff had not
complied with or satisfied the pre-conditions that the plaintiff was required
to satisfy before it could sue.

(b) The terms of the indemnity under cl 10 of the letter of appointment did
not extend to margin losses, and the plaintiff was not liable for Texchem
margin losses as he never signed the margin account agreement or any of the
documents pertaining to the additional facility.

(c) From the plaintiff’s conduct, it could clearly be inferred that the
plaintiff relied on the guarantor Chan as security against any losses of
Texchem because of Chan’s financial standing rather than on the defendant, as
the defendant was always seen as being incapable of indemnifying the plaintiff
for such huge amounts of $20m or $30m.

(d) The defendant did not dispute that a banker’s guarantee for $500,000
drafted by Petrine Yap was issued in favour of the plaintiff on 10 March 1998.
However, the defendant said that the words did not carry the significance
alleged by the plaintiff (admission of liability, which was denied) because
the banker’s guarantee was issued following certain representations made by
Ong Tjin An, namely,

(i) that the banker’s guarantee was for the plaintiff’s 1997 year-end accounts
and for future IPO purposes; and

(ii) that the banker’s guarantee would not be called on.

(e) In any event, the post-memorandum of settlement guarantees omitted those
words and were clearly not intended to secure any indemnity (if at all there
was any such indemnity) for the Texchem margin losses. Even if, which was
denied, the wordings in the pre-memorandum of settlement banker’s guarantees
did carry the significance as alleged by the plaintiff, the facts and
circumstances of the subsequent memorandum of settlement and the omissions of
these words in the post-memorandum banker’s guarantees must necessarily mean
that the plaintiff had acknowledged the position of the defendant (_ie_ the
defendant’s denial of liability for Texchem margin losses under his letter of
appointment).

(f) The parties entered into the memorandum of settlement which regulated the
parties’ rights upon the defendant’s departure from the plaintiff. The
plaintiff’s position was fundamentally different in that the plaintiff
formulated its claim against the defendant based on the letter of appointment
and the margin account agreement without regard to the terms of the memorandum
of settlement and founded its claims exclusively on the letter of appointment
and margin account agreement. The plaintiff’s disregard of the terms of the
memorandum of settlement was fatal to its claim.

95 In contending that the defendant should not be held liable under the margin
account agreement, the points highlighted by counsel for the defendant[5] were
these:

(a) The defendant never signed the margin account agreement.

(b) The plaintiff had opportunity to have the margin account agreement re-
signed when the facility was increased to $30m but it did not.

(c) The defendant did not know that there was any liability to indemnify for
margin losses.

(d) The defendant was not told that he was taking over Li Hyan’s liability to
indemnify.

(e) The plaintiff never intended that the defendant should indemnify it for
the Texchem facility; it always looked to Chan.

(f) The defendant never made it a condition of his employment that Texchem be
given margin financing facilities.

96 As regards the counterclaim of the defendant, his contention, in sum, was
that he had overpaid the plaintiff of about $236,540.69 and consequently he
should be refunded the said sum together with interest of a sum of $16,800.

**Conclusion**

97 Absent the excess and frills, in my view, the primary issue in this case is
whether the defendant can be held personally liable for the Texchem losses,
despite the fact that he had not appended his signature to the margin account
agreement. The figures themselves are not in dispute, having regard to the
parties’ agreed position in the joint addendum submitted to the court by
counsel for the litigants.

98 In this context, I must say at the outset that the Texchem account was
introduced to the plaintiff by the defendant and/or his wife and that Li Hyan,
a house dealer of the plaintiff, was a mere stand-in until the defendant came
on board the plaintiff. The fact that there was only one transaction carried
out by Li Hyan in relation to Texchem and that it was also at the instance of
the defendant cannot be disputed. Moreover, the fact that the defendant even
collected the commission in relation to the only transaction carried out by Li
Hyan further fortified the view that Li Hyan was no more than a proxy for the
defendant. In the circumstances, the suggestion by the defendant’s counsel in
his closing submission that the defendant was not told that he was taking over
Li Hyan’s liability is pure cant, considering the fact that he had exclusively
operated the Texchem account either by him or through his team members and had
obtained commission, commitment and rollover fees in relation to the said
account from its inception.

99 The fact, however, is that the plaintiff, either through oversight or
otherwise, did not require the defendant to subscribe to the margin account
agreement. In the premises, in my opinion, the plaintiff’s argument that the
defendant is still bound by the terms of the margin account agreement is a
little stretched. Nevertheless, the terms of the letter of appointment, duly
signed by the defendant, particularly cll 10, 11, 12, 13, 15 and 17, make it
clear that he is answerable and responsible for all losses and damage from any
and all transactions dealt by or through him, save in certain circumstances.
The exceptions provided do not, admittedly, include the Texchem account.

100 It is indeed a settled principle that where the words in a contract are
unambiguous, it is not for the courts to sidestep their true purport. In
_Associated Asian Securities Pte Ltd v Lee Kam Wah_ [1993] 1 SLR 585, the
Singapore Court of Appeal had to deal with a somewhat similar fact situation.
In that case, the appellants were stockbrokers with whom the respondent was a
remisier. In a suit by the respondent for a sum of money which was not
disputed, the appellants counterclaimed, with interest thereon, the sum of
$143,707.94 as losses suffered by purchasing replacement shares for
transactions in which a client of the respondent’s had delivered forged share
certificates. The terms and conditions governing the respondent’s relationship
with the appellants were contained in a contract dated 14 September 1981 and
included the following:

(a) that the respondent shall be responsible for all liabilities arising from
contracts written by him;

(b) that the respondent shall indemnify the appellants for any losses and
damages that may arise on all contracts written by him; and

(c) that the respondent agree to the above terms and conditions and thereby
indemnify the appellants for any losses or damages arising from any contracts
written or any transactions entered into by him.

The appellants contended that these clauses amounted to an indemnity by the
respondent and, in the alternative, that the respondent had impliedly
warranted the genuineness of the documents submitted. The respondent argued
against this construction of the clauses and also said that in any event the
appellants were debarred from relying on the clauses by reason of their own
negligence in accepting the forged share certificates from the client without
first ensuring their authenticity. The trial judge, Karthigesu J (as he then
was), dismissed the counterclaim (see [1991] SLR 850).

101 The Court of Appeal, in allowing the appeal, held that the indemnity given
by the respondent to the appellants was wide enough to encompass the
genuineness of the share certificates submitted by his client and that the
plain wording of the clauses in the contract favoured the appellants. In
delivering the grounds of judgment, Yong Pung How CJ commented at 587,
[7]–[10]:

The respondent’s defence was that on a proper construction of the terms and
conditions, he was not liable to the appellants for any loss or damage
suffered by them and in the alternative that the appellants had themselves
been negligent in accepting the forged share certificates from the client
without first ensuring the authenticity of the share certificates, and were
thus debarred from relying on the indemnity clauses.

The trial judge decided in favour of the respondent. He said that he was
unable to construe the indemnity clauses in the appellants’ favour and in the
circumstances of the case he also could not construe the terms and conditions
to include an implied warranty given by the respondent to the appellants as to
the genuineness of the share certificates sold by the client. He thought that
the language of the indemnity clauses was too open-ended and sought to place
some limitation on it. He held that the clauses applied to all losses and
damage incurred in the course of bona fide and genuine transactions. As to
transactions that were not bona fide and genuine, the indemnity clauses
applied if the remisier had been negligent or had himself been party to the
fraudulent intention.

His decision thus far was not disputed. Beyond this, however, the learned
judge would not go. The appellants contended that he ought to have gone
further and construed the indemnity clauses to extend even to losses and
damage incurred as the result of fraud by third parties in which the remisier
had no part.

Normally, when contractual terms are clear and unambiguous they are taken at
face value unless there is some compelling reason why they should not be. The
fact that a term may put what appears to be a disproportionate or unfair
burden upon one party is not regarded as a sufficient reason to interfere with
its interpretation if it is in itself clear, because parties who contracted on
equal terms must be left free to apportion risks as they see fit. For this
reason the plain wording of the indemnity clauses in this case favoured the
appellants.

102 I agree with the submission by the plaintiff’s counsel that cl 10 of the
letter of appointment is couched in the widest terms possible and it is not
subject to any express or implied terms or any proviso whatsoever, save for a
specific proviso that it does not apply to transactions for clients which are
designated by the plaintiff as institutional clients. In this respect, the
defendant himself had admitted during the trial that Texchem was not an
institutional client.

103 In the case at hand, the contention by the defendant was that cl 10 of the
letter of appointment did not concern margin account clients. In my view, this
submission lacks merit and attempts to give an unjustified spin to the clear
words of the said clause. In my view, the words of the said clause are so
unequivocal they do not permit any interlineations or suggested permutation.
As observed by Lord Denman CJ in _Aspdin v Austin_ (1844) 5 QB 671 at 684; 114
ER 1402 at 1407:

Where parties have entered into written engagements with expressed
stipulations, it is manifestly not desirable to extend them by any
implications: the presumption is that, having expressed some, they have
expressed all the conditions by which they intend to be bound under that
instrument.

Lest it is suggested that I have overlooked it, I must hasten to add that I
did in this regard bear in mind that the plaintiff did have the practice of
requiring its dealer’s representative to co-sign the margin account
agreements. In my view, the margin account agreements are primarily intended
to bind the client who intends to operate a margin account and the co-signing
by the dealer’s representative is an additional underpinning. It does not
imply in any manner or form that the clear obligations undertaken by the
defendant under his letter of appointment do not cover margin losses.

104 Similarly, in _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v Lai Siew Ping Vivien_ [2003] 1 SLR 1,
Tan Lee Meng J construed the same cl 10 and held that the terms of the said
indemnity clause were unambiguous and should be taken at face value.

105 A narrower indemnity clause was a subject of dispute before the Hong Kong
High Court in _Phillip Securities (HK) Limited v Wong Wai Shing_ [1999] 409
HKCU 1 (“ _Phillip Securities_ ”). The facts of that case were these. The
plaintiff was a stockbroker. The defendant was engaged by the plaintiff as a
dealer’s representative between 1992 and 1996. The defendant introduced two
clients to the plaintiff, namely Ms Ng and Mr Leung, who opened accounts with
the plaintiff. The accounts were margin trading accounts. Transactions were
carried out on the accounts, upon instructions placed with the defendant by Ms
Ng and Mr Leung. Trading losses were incurred on these two accounts and as a
result the two clients owed the plaintiff a substantial sum of money.

106 Admittedly, sometime after the defendant was engaged by the plaintiff, he
was made to sign an agreement, which contained a clause, which read:

The Dealer’s representative shall indemnify the Company and keep it
indemnified against all damages, liabilities, actions, proceedings, judgments,
costs (including legal costs on a solicitor-and-own client basis), claims,
demands and any other losses of whatever nature that may be suffered or
incurred by the Company in connection with or arising from securities
transactions dealt by or through the Dealer’s representative in the name of
the Company (whether or not the same have been caused by or may relate to any
fraud, deceit, negligence, misconduct, breach of contract or default on the
part of the Dealer’s representative or his/her agent or client.

107 Following losses incurred on the transactions dealt by or through the
defendant, the plaintiff commenced proceedings against him. The defence that
was run by the defendant was that of _non est factum_. The defence pleading
contained the averment that the plaintiff had never explained to the
defendant, whether prior to the signing of the agreement or at any time
thereafter, the contents of the agreement or the reason for signing the same.
The court, in the event, did not uphold the defendant’s contention and entered
judgment for the plaintiff on the ground that there was no dispute that the
transactions of Mr Leung and Ms Ng were dealt by or through the defendant.

108 Returning to the facts of the case before me, it must be remarked
presently that cl 10 of the letter of appointment is in fact couched in much
wider terms than the indemnity clause in _Phillip Securities_ , where the
relevant indemnity clause related to losses or damages arising from
“securities transactions”.

109 In my view, the submission, that the indemnity provisions in the letter of
appointment do not encompass margin account losses, is patently unsustainable.
In this regard, for the sake of completeness, I should also add that I fully
accept the submission of the plaintiff’s counsel, which is enumerated under
sub-paras (a) to (k) of [92] above.[6]

110 This brings me next to the defendant’s contention based on the memorandum
of settlement, which is the sheet anchor of the defendant’s defence. The
principal contention by the defendant, on this issue, is that the plaintiff is
precluded from suing the defendant by the plaintiff’s failure to satisfy
“conditions precedent” under cll 4 and 11 of the memorandum of settlement.
Clause 4 talks about:

(a) OSG’s acknowledgment – of course, without any admission – of the
contention of the defendant that Texchem’s margin position was not his
responsibility;

(b) OSG declaring, on a without prejudice basis, that he would use his best
endeavours to assist the defendant to persuade the credit committee to agree
with the defendant’s stated position; and

(c) the defendant stating his intention to assist in the recovery of the
Texchem losses, to the best of his ability.

Clause 11, for its part, provides that the plaintiff shall consult with the
defendant on legal action against Ngu Tieng Ung. It also provides that the
plaintiff retains the sole discretion and prerogative as to whatever legal
actions it may take in relation to the Texchem account or against any of the
clients.

111 First and foremost, as pointed out by the plaintiff’s counsel, the so-
called condition precedent does not seem to feature in the defendant’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief. Second, this position was also not taken up
with OSG when he was testifying. Leaving that aside, from the evidence of OSG,
I was satisfied that he did his level best to persuade the credit committee to
see the point of view of the defendant but, as stated by OSG, it was the
defendant’s difficult and  
unco-operative attitude that put paid to those endeavours. Furthermore, a
statement of intention or a voluntary gesture on the part of a good Samaritan
– OSG was indeed, in my opinion, one such well-intentioned person – could not
in law be elevated into a binding legal obligation. Clause 4 of the
memorandum, if one were to look at it closely, does not support the contention
that it can be equated with a condition precedent. Clause 11 again is no more
than a statement of intention. At any rate, the evidence adduced by the
plaintiff, particularly through Teo, amply demonstrated to the court that it
did everything possible to recover its losses from Texchem, Chan and Ngu
before it commenced the present action. In the circumstances, the allegation
of breaches as raised by the defendant appear unmeritorious. It would further
appear to me that the issue in relation to Ngu Tieng Ung has become a spent
issue at the commencement of the hearing.

112 The defendant’s counsel invited my attention to a passage in David
Foskett, _The Law and Practice of Compromise_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 1985)
at p 57, which reads as follows:

An unimpeached compromise represents the end of the dispute or disputes from
which it arose. Such issues of fact or law as may have formed the subject
matter of the original disputation are buried beneath the surface of the
compromise. The court will not permit them to be raised afresh in the context
of a new action. If the parties have agreed that their original dispute may be
resurrected in certain events then, of course, the position may be different.
But subject to that the position is as stated. Bowen LJ expressed the position
thus: “As soon as you have ended a dispute by a compromise you have disposed
of it.”

113 I fully agree with the passage above. However, from whichever angle I look
at it, the phraseology employed by the parties in the said memorandum of
settlement does not convey the impression that the parties have resolved or
compromised the Texchem issue. What the memorandum purports to say is that
there will be an endeavour or attempt to resolve it and nothing more. There is
therefore no basis for the defendant to rely on the memorandum, there being no
unequivocal undertaking by the plaintiff to bear the losses arising from
Texchem’s margin account.

114 In my determination, in so far as the Texchem issue is concerned – which
is the bone of contention at this trial – the defendant has not, on balance,
established that the plaintiff is in breach of any condition, let alone any
condition precedent of the said memorandum of settlement.

115 Dealing with the defendant’s counterclaim, it would appear to me that he
had caused it to be substantially deleted in his Re-Amended Defence and
Counterclaim filed on 5 February 2004, save for “damages from the [plaintiff]
for breaches of the [memorandum of settlement] and for wrongfully calling upon
the 2 banker’s guarantees” and costs. As submitted by the plaintiff’s counsel,
the defendant, however, did not produce any evidence at the trial as to any
damage which he had allegedly suffered. During cross-examination, the
defendant said that he was seeking by his counterclaim a sum of $16,800 being
interest charges on the banker’s guarantees. As pointed out by the plaintiff’s
counsel, this point was never pleaded.

116 Before I conclude, I must deal with two contentions raised on behalf of
the defendant by his counsel[7] concerning (a) some alleged hearsay nature of
plaintiff’s evidence; and (b) urging the court to draw adverse inference
against it on account of the plaintiff’s not calling some persons whose names
featured in evidence. The defendant’s submission, in this regard reads as
follows:

2.1 The Plaintiffs’ evidence on the following facts in issue were led by PW1
and are inadmissible hearsay. Even if it were admissible, it cannot be relied
on for the truth of the statements (see _Subramaniam v PP_ [1956] 1 WLR 965
and PW1’s answers during cross-examination where he admitted and conceded that
it was hearsay evidence):-

a) Purport of discussions between Defendant’s wife, Evelyn Lee, Defendant and
Plaintiffs before Defendant joined Plaintiffs (ie Plaintiffs’ allegation that
Defendant imposed conditions on his employment with Plaintiffs, such as,
opening Texchem Margin Account before he joined)

b) Reason why Evelyn Lee did not join Plaintiffs

c) Reason(s) why Dick Chan/Texchem opened a margin trading account with
Plaintiffs in 1997

d) Reason(s) why Texchem Margin Account was opened before Defendant joined
Plaintiffs

e) Whether the Plaintiffs told Defendant during the discussions to join the
Plaintiffs that a house dealer would service the Margin Account during the
transitional period before the Defendant joined the Plaintiffs

f) Whether the Plaintiffs told the Defendant during the discussions to join
the Plaintiffs that the Defendant would be liable for losses in all the
accounts to be serviced by the Defendant

2.2 An adverse inference must also be drawn from the fact that the Plaintiffs
did not call as witnesses:-

a) _Members of the senior management_ who had first hand knowledge of the pre-
employment negotiations with Defendant;

b) _Mr Ong Ka Tuan_ (“OKT”) (the Plaintiffs’ then Executive Director who had
first hand knowledge of the pre-employment negotiations with Defendant, and
the giving of the banker’s guarantee in March 1998);

c) _Mr Goh Boon Huat_ (“GBH”) (the Plaintiffs’ then General Manager who had
first hand knowledge of the pre-employment negotiations with Defendant);

d) _Mr Chao Kok Chin_ (“CKC”) (the Plaintiffs’ then Dealing Manager who had
first hand knowledge of the pre-employment negotiations with Defendant, and
who also was involved in the opening of the Texchem margin account);

e) _Ms Chan Li Hyan_ (“CLH”) (the Plaintiffs’ house dealer); and

f) _Ms Petrine Yap_ (the Plaintiffs’ then legal counsel).

Plaintiffs did not even give any explanation why they were not called.

2.3 In light of the above, it is submitted that the only admissible and
reliable evidence before the court is the Defendant’s evidence on the matters
in dispute.

117 The reply to the foregoing submission can be found at paras 5.18. to
5.21[8] of the plaintiff’s closing submission, which read:

5.18 In the Defendant’s Closing Submissions, he invited the Court to draw an
adverse inference arising from the Plaintiffs’ alleged failure to call various
witnesses to give evidence on certain facts.

5.19 The submission fails to appreciate the fundamental principle set out
above that “he who asserts must prove”. It is not for the Plaintiffs to call
witnesses whose evidence is not crucial to their case and to call them only
for the purpose of rebutting bare allegations put forward by the Defendant. In
particular, it is the Defendant’s allegation that OKT had allegedly requested
that the Defendant provide his banker’s guarantees for an alleged ulterior
purpose, and it is hence entirely for the Defendant to prove that allegation
by serving a subpoena on OKT, which he had clearly chosen not to. Any adverse
inference should in fact be drawn against the Defendant.

5.20 For completeness, the Plaintiffs would also address the Defendant’s
contention in his Closing Submissions on the calling of witnesses as follows:-

(a) **Members of the Plaintiffs’ senior management** – There can be no doubt
that OSG is a representative of, and was at all material times a member of the
senior management of the Plaintiffs. The evidence given in Court, which is not
disputed, is that OTA has passed away and the Plaintiffs did not call OKT
purely because he was in ill health and had indicated to the Plaintiffs that
he would prefer not to be called as a witness because of his medical
condition, and the Plaintiffs were merely respecting his wishes. In any event,
the dispute in question does not turn on the negotiations preceding the
Defendant’s employment (which the Defendant alleges necessitated the calling
of these witnesses) when a subsequent contract in writing has been signed, ie
the LOA.

(b) **Mr Ong Ka Tuan** – As explained above, the Plaintiffs’ reason for not
calling OKT was on valid medical grounds. What is telling is that the
Defendant has _chosen_ not to subpoena OKT when it was the Defendant himself
who has raised an allegation about OKT’s and OTA’s assurances to him in
persuading the Court not to accept the contents of the bankers’ guarantees at
face value.

(c) & (d) **Mr Goh Boon Huat and Mr Chao Kok Chin** – These persons are no
longer in the employment of the Plaintiffs. The same submission regarding the
negotiations preceding the Defendant’s employment as set out above would
apply.

(e) **Ms Chan Li Hyan –** There is absolutely no dispute concerning Li Hyan
which requires her to be called as a witness. Both parties are in agreement
that it was Li Hyan who signed the Margin Account Agreement and who had
carried out the first trade on 4 February 1997.

(f) **Ms Petrine Yap** – There is nothing concerning Ms Petrine Yap’s evidence
relied upon or which needs to be relied upon by the Plaintiffs in
substantiating their claim. The Defendant, on the other hand, made various
bare allegations of certain alleged assurances given by Ms Petrine Yap to him,
although he agreed with the Court under cross-examination that such
allegations were neither pleaded nor referred to in his AEIC at all. Any
adverse inference he invites the Court to draw should be against himself since
the Defendant chose not to call Ms Petrine Yap as a witness to substantiate
such alleged assurances.

5.21 Not only did the Defendant chose [_sic_] not to call the abovementioned
witnesses to substantiate his bare allegations, the Plaintiffs [_sic_]
contentions of hearsay against the Plaintiffs in his Closing Submissions is
also flawed as he did not file any notice of objection on the grounds of
hearsay or otherwise to the Plaintiffs’ affidavits of evidence-in-chief.

118 In my determination, the plaintiff’s decision not to call a few of its
staff members named by the defendant did not in any way add or subtract the
quality of the evidence adduced on behalf of the plaintiff. First of all, the
plaintiff’s case is based on written documents. Secondly, if these persons
were vital to the case of the defendant, he could well have called them
himself to prove or disprove his claims. In this, I accept the submission by
the plaintiff’s counsel as valid and hold that the submission, that I should
draw adverse inferences against the plaintiff for not calling a few of its
staff members, is lacking in substance. I must add that I have not given any
weight to any hearsay evidence in determining the issues before me. Another
stark feature in the defendant’s submission is that although his wife seems to
feature prominently in the inception of the Texchem account, he also for some
reason shied away from calling her. It was obvious that he was endeavouring to
apply one standard for himself and another for the plaintiff.

**Decision**

119 Having reviewed all the relevant evidence and extensive arguments
presented, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has proved its claim against the
defendant on a balance of probabilities. In my view, the contention by the
defendant that he was not responsible for the margin account losses incurred
in the Texchem account lacked credence and credibility. He has failed to
establish, on balance, that the plaintiff was in breach of its obligations
under the memorandum of settlement. In the premises, his counterclaim also
fails and is hereby dismissed. In the premises, there will be judgment in
favour of the plaintiff on the terms set out in para 2 of the joint addendum
in the following terms:

(a) judgment for the plaintiff in the sum of $6,330,566.15 (being
$6,567,106.84 minus $236,540.69);

(b) continuing interest on the sum of $6,330,566.15 at the rate of 8% per
annum from April 2001 until payment; and

(c) costs on a standard basis.

120 I believe that a postscript is warranted at this stage. The plaintiff, in
the course of the trial, at the urging of the court, was somewhat magnanimous
in offering to settle the claim at a much-reduced amount. For some reasons,
the defendant did not accept the offer. Nevertheless, I commend to the
plaintiff to consider the revival of the said offer, provided, of course, that
goodwill is manifested from the other side.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed. Defendant’s counterclaim dismissed.

  

* * *

[1]Para 9 of the Statement of Claim

[2]As AB-2079 to AB-2088

[3]Exhibited at AB-2081 and AB-2082

[4]Pages 3 and 4

[5]See page 14 of his executive summary

[6]Para 32 at pages 10 and 11 of the plaintiff’s executive summary

[7]Pages 11 to 13 of his closing submission

[8]Pages 108 to 109

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

