Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Saldur Rahman v Mayban General Assurance Bhd and Another  
[2005] SGHC 88

Case Number | : | OM 5/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Seng Siew (Ong Tay and Partners) and S K Kumar (S K Kumar and Associates) for the applicant; M P Rai (Cooma and Rai) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Saldur Rahman — Mayban General Assurance Bhd; San Hup Seng Engineering Pte Ltd   
  
Employment Law – Workman claiming compensation for injury under Act
subsequently filing civil suit for damages without giving notice to
Commissioner for Labour – Whether workman's claim deemed withdrawn because
suit commenced – Whether workman's civil action null for failure to withdraw
claim under Act before filing action in court – Sections 33(1), 33(2)(a)
Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

11 May 2005

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This was an application by a workman (hereinafter referred to as “the
applicant”) to set aside the decision of the Commissioner for Labour (“the
Commissioner”) which refused to allow him to proceed with his claim for
compensation made under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”).

2 The salient facts are:

(a) the applicant was injured on 1 March 1999;

(b) a claim under the Act was made on 9 March 1999;

(c) the applicant filed District Court Suit No 798 of 2002 (“DC 798/2002”) on
27 February 2002 for damages against his employers but did not notify the
Commissioner of the suit; and

(d) DC 798/2002 was deemed to have been discontinued on 3 October 2003 through
inaction on the applicant’s part.

3 After the action was deemed to have been discontinued, the applicant applied
to the Commissioner to proceed with his claim but the Commissioner declined.

4 The Commissioner referred to _Chua Ah Beng v The Commissioner for Labour_
[2002] 4 SLR 854 (“ _Chua Ah Beng_ ”) and held that the applicant’s claim was
deemed to have been withdrawn when the applicant commenced his writ action.
The Commissioner explained:

15\. [I]n the case of _Chua Ah Beng_ … the claimant … has exhausted all his
remedies under common law. The claimant then wanted to return to the claim
under the Act. [Tay Yong Kwang JC] rejected the attempt on the basis that
section 33(2)(a) of [the Act] clearly prohibits concurrent proceedings. Tay JC
held that the only logical solution was to hold that the claimant was deemed
to have withdrawn his claim under the Act when he informed the Commissioner
that he was going to commence an action in Court.

16\. I am of the view that this case warrants the same decision as that in
_Chua Ah Beng_. Tay JC, in ruling on section 33(1) in _Chua Ah Beng_ , held
that a claimant may make a claim under the Act if he discontinues his action
before it has been determined by in [_sic_] any court. This is [the] logical
converse of the situation in _Ying Tai Plastic_. Unfortunately, the common law
action in this case determined as a failed action after it was deemed to be
discontinued due to delay by the claimant. In **Tan Kim Seng v Ibrahim Victor
Adam** [2004] 1 SLR 181, the Court of Appeal, in considering the purpose of
O.21 R. 2(6) which governs the deemed discontinuance provision, held that the
provision is to ensure that expeditious prosecution of the action by the
Plaintiff or face the prospect of the action being deemed discontinued.

17\. In these circumstances, I find that the claimant is not able to return to
his claim under the Act given that his common law action has been determined
to be a failure. Since section 33(2)(a) of the Act makes it clear that there
can be no concurrent proceedings, applying Tay JC’s reasoning in _Chua Ah
Beng_ , I find that the claim under the Act is deemed to be withdrawn.

5 In _Chua Ah Beng_ , a workman was injured in the course of his employment. A
claim for compensation was filed under the Act. The workman was not satisfied
with the compensation assessed and filed an action for damages against his
employers.

6 Before filing the action, his solicitors informed the Commissioner of his
intention and asked that the claim “be kept in abeyance until the conclusion
of the civil matter”, and the Commissioner replied:

Since your client … wishes to claim damages under the Common Law in respect of
the above accident, please note that _this office will take no further action
on this matter_. Please let us know the terms of settlement under Common Law
and a copy of the Court Judgment, if any, in due course. [emphasis added]

7 The action was heard and dismissed. The appeal against the dismissal met
with the same result. When the workman applied to reactivate his compensation
claim, the Commissioner took the position that he was not entitled to do that.
The workman then applied for an order to set aside the Commissioner’s order.

8 Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was), who heard the application, dismissed it
and held:

38 … The plaintiff is asking the court to order the Commissioner for Labour to
reinstate and to assess his claim. The defendant very candidly informs me that
the practice adopted thus far is to allow applications under [the Act] (such
as the plaintiff’s in this case) to lie dormant while the workman pursues his
remedy in court. This practice obviously cannot stand in the light of what I
have said about s 33(2)(a) of [the Act]. As long as an application exists
before the Commissioner for Labour, whether it is active or dormant, the
plaintiff cannot maintain his action in court. In the _Ying Tai Plastic_ case,
the Court of Appeal said the “right to compensation under the Act lies dormant
while he pursues his common law action”. It is the “right to compensation” and
not “the claim filed” that lies dormant. The Court of Appeal also made it
clear that the right to maintain a court action revives only when the
application under [the Act] is withdrawn.

39 I accept that no objection was taken on this point in the earlier court
proceedings and that _the plaintiff was not put to an election of remedies._
However, s 33(2)(a) of [the Act] is a mandatory statutory bar to court
proceedings. The only logical solution in these circumstances is to hold that
_the plaintiff is deemed to have withdrawn his claim under_ [_the Act_] _when
he informed the Commissioner for Labour that he was going to commence an
action in court._ There is therefore no application before the Commissioner
for Labour to restore for assessment and no order of certiorari or of mandamus
will therefore be made. The plaintiff is out of time under s 11(1)(b) of [the
Act] but he has the avenue open to him in s 11(4) where he can seek to
persuade the Commissioner for Labour to excuse the delay within the terms of
that provision. I add here that the withdrawal of an earlier application under
[the Act] should not be a bar to a further application if it otherwise
complies with [the Act].

[emphasis added]

9 It was against that background that Tay JC held that the workman’s claim was
deemed to have been withdrawn, and that he could file a fresh application if
he could persuade the Commissioner for Labour to allow him to do it out of
time.

10 In the present proceedings, Mr Rai, counsel for the applicant’s employers,
argued that the applicant’s claim should also be treated as having been
withdrawn when he filed DC 798/2002 and, therefore, he should not be allowed
to continue with it.

11 There is an important difference in the facts. In _Chua Ah Beng_ , the
workman’s solicitors had written to the Commissioner and received the reply
referred to in [6] above. As Tay JC noted, the workman was not put to an
election of remedies. Reading the Commissioner’s letter, it was not clear
whether he had agreed to keep the claim in abeyance as the workman had
requested, or whether, by stating that he would take no further action on the
claim, he was treating it as withdrawn.

12 Substantial hardship could result if claims were held not to have been
withdrawn in those circumstances as any action filed would then be a nullity
and any judgment obtained would be unenforceable, and any payments made
pursuant to a judgment probably recoverable. It was proper and reasonable to
deem such a claim to have been withdrawn and to preserve the validity of the
action.

13 In the present case, however, there was no communication with the
Commissioner. There was nothing that could support or justify a deemed
withdrawal since the applicant had not informed the Commissioner of his
decision to sue in common law, and the Commissioner had not informed the
applicant that he would take no further action on the claim.

14 In this situation, therefore, the claim was clearly barred by s 33(2) of
the Act which states that:

No action for damages shall be maintainable in any court by a workman against
his employer in respect of any injury —

(_a_) if he has applied to the Commissioner for compensation under the
provisions of this Act; …

See _Chua Ah Beng_ at [31] sub-para (5) and _Rahenah bte L Mande v Baxter
Healthcare Pte Ltd_ [2002] SGHC 320 (“ _Rahenah_ “), where Judith Prakash J
held at [16] that on a proper reading of the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_
[1982–1983] SLR 117, the effect of s 33(2)(_a_) is that:

[A]n injured employee deprives himself of the ability to exercise his right to
sue his employer at common law for the period that the application remains
alive. If he changes his mind about his course of action, the employee is at
liberty to _withdraw his claim for compensation_ and then start a civil suit.
Until such withdrawal he cannot start the civil suit. [emphasis added]

15 Mr Rai suggested that s 33(1) should apply instead. The provision states:

Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to confer any right to compensation on a
workman in respect of any injury if he has instituted an action for damages in
respect of that injury in any court against his employer or if he has
recovered damages in respect of that injury in any court from his employer.

16 Mr Rai’s argument was that whereas s 33(2)(_a_) relates to the right to
make a common law claim, s 33(1) relates to a right to claim for compensation,
which is the right the applicant is seeking in the present case.

17 Section 33(1) cannot help the applicant as it states that the workman does
not have a right to compensation _if he_ _has instituted an action for
damages_. That applies to cases when the workman files an action for damages
first and then seeks compensation under the Act. The applicant claimed
compensation first and then filed the action. Section 33(1) does not apply to
his case.

18 For the foregoing reasons, when a workman makes a claim for compensation,
and then files a common law action without withdrawing the claim, the action
is a nullity. Prakash J had made it clear in _Rahenah_ at [18] that the
workman must inform the Commissioner of the intention to withdraw, and that it
is not sufficient that the intention is formed but not notified to the
Commissioner. The common law action filed in this case did not have any effect
on the compensation claim because it is a nullity.

19 Mr Rai argued that it is wrong for a workman to make a compensation claim,
then file an action without notice to the Commissioner, proceed with the
action to its finality and when the action fails, seek to carry on with his
compensation claim. (The applicant’s case had not yet progressed to trial when
it was deemed to be discontinued.)

20 I agree, but no lawyer worthy of a practising certificate will deliberately
file a null action and prosecute it. If that were done inadvertently, that
would very probably come to light through discovery or interrogatories, when
the defendant(s) in the action would want to know if there had been a
compensation claim, and the outcome of it. This is not a loophole that can be
exploited.

21 In the circumstances, I found that the compensation claim was not affected
by the common law action and allowed the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

