Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 235

Case Number | : | Suit 746/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 December 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Josephine Chong and Aqbal Singh (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiff; Lai Kwok Seng (Lai Mun Onn and Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Panwah Steel Pte Ltd — Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Seller contracting to supply
goods to buyer – Interpretation of minus 10% tolerance provision as to
quantity of goods to be delivered – Whether option may be exercised by buyer
or by both buyer and seller  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Seller contracting to supply
goods to buyer – Seller failing to deliver expected quantity of goods to buyer
– Whether implied term that agreement "project-specific" existing  
  
Contract – Remedies – Remoteness of damage – Seller contracting to supply
goods to buyer – Seller failing to deliver expected quantity of goods to buyer
– Buyer seeking damages based on difference between cost of replacing
undelivered goods and contract price – Whether damages too remote to be
claimable  
  

27 December 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Introduction**

1 In this action, the plaintiff, Panwah Steel Pte Ltd (“Panwah”), claims
$1,447,833.83 for the supply of reinforcing steel bars (“rebars”) to the
defendant, Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte.) Ltd
(“Koh Brothers”), under an agreement between the parties dated 26 April 2002
but signed by Panwah on 31 May 2002 (“the KB Agreement”). Panwah’s claim is
not disputed.

2 The dispute centres on Koh Brothers’ counterclaim for Panwah’s omission to
deliver 8,126.459mt being the balance of the contractual quantity of 39,000mt
under the KB Agreement. Panwah had in turn entered into a contract to obtain
rebars from Burwill Trading Pte Ltd (“Burwill”) and as Burwill declined to
deliver the balance, Panwah did not deliver the same to Koh Brothers. There
are also disputes between Panwah and Burwill which are the subject of Suit No
928 of 2004 (“Suit 928/2004”), the primary dispute being on Burwill’s refusal
to deliver the balance to Panwah under their own agreement dated 23 May 2002
which I have referred to in my judgment for Suit 928/2004 as “the Changi
Agreement”.

3 There were two primary issues as between Panwah and Koh Brothers:

(a) Was the KB Agreement “project-specific” in the sense advocated by Panwah,
_ie_ , that the rebars must be used only for the intended project, _ie_ ,
Changi Water Reclamation Plant C3A at Tanah Merah Coast (“C3A”)? Put in
another way, was Koh Brothers precluded from using rebars supplied under the
KB Agreement for other projects? This issue arose because the evidence was
that Koh Brothers did not require the balance of the rebars for C3A. As
between Burwill and Panwah, Burwill had refused to deliver the balance.

(b) Was Panwah entitled to deliver 10% less than 39,000mt? I should elaborate
that although I initially mentioned above that the contractual quantity was
39,000mt, the KB Agreement referred to a “-10% tolerance” as well. I will
elaborate on the actual words used and this issue later.

4 At the trial, the following witnesses gave evidence:

_For Panwah_ |   
---|---  
Lim Seow Yi (“Lisa Lim”) |  Manager  
|  
_For Koh Brothers_ |   
Choo Siew Meng (“Mr Choo”) |  Executive Director  
Tan See See (“Rina Tan”) |  Purchasing Manager  
  
**The “project-specific” issue**

5 It was not in dispute that the supply of rebars under the Changi Agreement
and under the KB Agreement was intended to be used for the C3A project.
However, while Panwah had conceded _vis-à-vis_ Burwill that the Changi
Agreement was “project-specific”, Koh Brothers did not concede the same. In
addition, when Burwill agreed to extend the Changi Agreement in the
circumstances I have stated in my judgment for Suit 928/2004, Panwah had
agreed that the supply under the extension would be “as per the progress
requirement of the project”. I referred to this as “the Condition” in my
judgment for Suit 928/2004 and I will do likewise here. The KB Agreement did
not have the Condition. However, Panwah submitted that it was implied that the
KB Agreement was project-specific.

6 Before I deal with the arguments on the implied term, I will set out the
principles regarding the interpretation of documents and the imposition of an
implied term.

7 In _United Lifestyle Holdings Pte Ltd v Oakwell Engineering Ltd_ [2002] 2
SLR 308, Lee Seiu Kin JC referred to _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 1 WLR 1381 _,
Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989, _Mannai
Investment Co Ltd v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_ [1997] AC 749 and _Tan
Hock Keng v L & M Group Investments Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 213. He concluded at
[7]:

Those authorities hold that evidence may be admitted of the factual background
known to the parties at the time of contracting, including the genesis and
purpose of the transaction, but not of the negotiations or intentions of the
parties.

8 In _James Miller & Partners Ltd v Whitworth Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd_
[1970] AC 583 (“ _Miller_ ”), Lord Reid said at 603:

I must say that I had thought that it is now well settled that it is not
legitimate to use as an aid in the construction of the contract anything which
the parties said or did after it was made. Otherwise one might have the result
that a contract meant one thing the day it was signed, but by reason of
subsequent events meant something different a month or a year later.

I would add that the principle in _Miller_ has been applied in Singapore in
many cases, although subsequent conduct can constitute a variation or an
estoppel in appropriate circumstances.

9 In _Telestop Pte Ltd v Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 267, Judith
Prakash J said at [68]:

The courts do not lightly imply a term into a written contract. They only do
so if, objectively, it is considered necessary for the “business efficacy” of
the contract and so obvious that there would be no doubt of the parties’ joint
answer to the query of the “officious bystander” as to whether that term was
part of the contract. _Chitty on Contracts_ (29th Ed, 2004) states at
(13-004):

An implication of this nature may be made in two situations: first, where it
is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract, and, secondly, where
the term implied represents the obvious, but unexpressed, intention of the
parties. These two criteria often overlap and, in many cases, have been
applied cumulatively, although it is submitted that they are, in fact,
alternative grounds. Both, however, depend on the presumed intention of the
parties.

In _Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR
458, the Court of Appeal (_per_ Chao J at [18]) held that the relationship
between the two tests was “probably” correctly summarised in the above
passage. Andrew Phang has, however, to my mind, persuasively argued on the
basis of the historical development of the tests that they are not
alternatives but complementary in as much as the “officious bystander” test is
the practical mode by which the theoretical guideline encompassed within the
“business efficacy” test is fulfilled: see Phang, “Implied Terms, Business
Efficacy and the Officious Bystander – A Modern History” [1998] JBL 1. One
highly distinguished authority that gives rise to that view is the oft-quoted
statement of Scrutton LJ in _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company
(Ramsbottom), Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 at 605 that:

[a] term can only be implied if it is necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract; that is, if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would
have both replied, “Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to
say that; it is too clear.”

It is also worth repeating the strictures of the Court of Appeal in the _Hiap
Hong_ case to the effect that the “business efficacy” test is a convenient
means of repairing an obvious oversight, but that the principle should not be
overstretched or used indiscriminately; and that the touchstone for the
implication of terms is necessity and not merely reasonableness, but that a
necessary term to be implied must always be equitable and reasonable. The
court further declared that a term would be implied, if, from the language of
the contract and the surrounding circumstances, an inference should be made
that the parties must have intended the stipulation in question. Finally, the
term to be implied must be capable of clear expression and it must not
contradict any express term of the contract: see _Phillips Electronique Grand
Public SA v British Sky Broadcasting Limited_ [1995] EMLR [_Entertainment &
Media Law Reports_] 472.

10 As I mentioned, it was not disputed that the supply of rebars under the KB
Agreement was intended for the C3A project. However, it is quite a different
kettle of fish to say that this necessarily means that it is “project-
specific” in the sense advocated by Panwah. During the trial, this expression
was bandied about by Panwah as though it was a term of art. However, para 50
of Panwah’s Closing Submissions accepted that it was not a term of art.

11 Panwah relied on industry practice to assert that Koh Brothers could not
resell the rebars or deploy the rebars for use in other projects as Koh
Brothers is not a stockist or seller of rebars but a building contractor. I
would add that Koh Brothers was apparently the main contractor for the C3A
project. However, Panwah did not adduce any evidence from an independent party
in the industry of building contractors or of steel suppliers to support this
assertion. Indeed, although the parties in this action were granted leave to
cross-examine any of the witnesses in Suit 928/2004 and to make use of
evidence adduced there for the present action and _vice versa_ , Panwah also
failed to seize the opportunity to try and establish its assertion from
Burwill’s witnesses, beyond accepting Burwill’s position that the Changi
Agreement was project-specific.

12 Panwah also submitted that to allow Koh Brothers to resell rebars would be
to defeat the business of stockists like Panwah. Yet, Panwah itself could buy
from other stockists. Would that defeat the business of those other stockists?
I do not think so. Also, Koh Brothers had said they wanted to deploy the
rebars, if supplied by Panwah, to other projects and not to resell the same.

13 In her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) for the present action, Lisa
Lim pointed out that Panwah’s quoted prices for rebars varied for different
projects to support the “project-specific” assertion. However, I note that the
difference in prices as quoted by Panwah for different projects could easily
be attributed to:

(a) the different quantities required for each project; and

(b) the different durations of supply for each project.

In my view, while the prices quoted were for specific projects, this fell
short of establishing that the KB Agreement was “project-specific”.

14 Panwah also submitted that if Koh Brothers could use the rebars supplied by
Panwah for other projects, then there was no point in Koh Brothers entering
into separate agreements for different projects. I do not agree. As the
evidence of Koh Brothers went, the different agreements assisted it to keep
track of the supply of rebars for each project. Furthermore, Panwah’s own
quotation dated 15 April 2002 for various projects revealed that the prices
for larger projects of a longer duration were higher than for the smaller ones
of a shorter duration. Thus, if Koh Brothers was to lump all its requirements
into one contract, it would have less flexibility in negotiations.

15 Panwah pointed out that the heading of another contract between Koh
Brothers and a company called Listeel Singapore Pte Ltd (“Listeel”) showed
clearly that it was a “general supply contract” in contrast with the KB
Agreement. The heading of the Listeel contract referred to the supply and
delivery of rebars “TO OUR PROJECTS IN SINGAPORE” whereas the heading of the
KB Agreement referred to the C3A project specifically. I am of the view that
this argument does not help Panwah. As Koh Brothers pointed out, when it was
seeking a quotation from Burwill for the C3A project, Burwill’s quotation
dated 10 April 2002 (Exh D1) had a term stating expressly that “all rebars
must be procured from Burwill Trading to carry out the work”. Mr Choo said
that it was because of this term that Koh Brothers decided not to buy from
Burwill. So, if the terms of what other quotations or contracts contain are
relevant, the evidence would tilt against Panwah.

16 Furthermore, the contract with Listeel was dated 1 September 2004, _ie_ ,
after the expiry of the KB Agreement in June 2004 and after the dispute with
Panwah had been taken into account. Even then, Rina Tan said that subsequent
to the Listeel contract, Koh Brothers reverted to identifying a specific
project to avoid confusion to its buyers and suppliers.

17 Panwah relied on other terms in the KB Agreement. For example, in addition
to the heading of the KB Agreement, the clause on project title referred to
the C3A project.

18 Clause 2 stated that the prices of rebars were fixed throughout the
project.

19 Clause 6 referred to the possible rejection of rebars by the Public
Utilities Board (“PUB”), which was the developer of the project, and Panwah’s
obligation to replace the same within two working days.

20 I do not see how these provisions assist the “project-specific” argument.
As an illustration, although cl 6 referred to the possible rejection of rebars
by PUB, it did not mean that Koh Brothers could not deploy the rebars to other
projects. All it meant was that if the rebars were deployed to other projects
and rejected by other developers, Koh Brothers could not rely on cl 6 to seek
recourse against Panwah.

21 Panwah also relied on Koh Brothers’ contract with PUB which was subject to
the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for Construction Works
(“PSSCCCW”). Clause 24.1 PSSCCCW states:

All … materials and goods provided by the Contractor shall, when brought on to
the Site, be deemed to be exclusively intended for the execution of the Works
and the Contractor shall not remove the same or any part of such … materials
or goods … without the consent in writing of the Superintending Officer.

22 A Guide on the PSSCCCW 1999 published by the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) states:

This provision seeks to ensure smooth progress on the site by shutting out
third party claims to any construction equipment, plant, material or goods
brought to the site.

Condition 24.1 provides that once anything is brought to the site, it cannot
leave the site without the Superintending Officer’s permission, with the
exception of vehicles engaged in transport. However, while this covers the
physical disposition of the item, the clause does not deal with the issue of
title in respect of these items.

23 As can be seen, that provision does not deal with the rights as between Koh
Brothers and Panwah. In my view, cl 24.1 PSSCCCW does not assist Panwah.

24 Panwah placed much emphasis on its argument that if Lisa Lim had been told
that Koh Brothers were going to use the rebars supplied under the KB Agreement
for other projects, she would not have entered into the agreement. As is
evident from the judgment of Prakash J which I have cited, an implied term
does not arise just because one side would have said a certain conclusion was
obvious but because both sides would have said it was obvious. Besides, it is
not as though Koh Brothers had intended not to use any of the contracted
rebars for the C3A project right from the time the KB Agreement was signed. In
addition, I do not see how business efficacy requires the “project-specific”
term to be implied.

25 Furthermore, Panwah’s “project-specific” arguments did not deal with the
opposite side of the coin. Supposing less steel was needed for the project due
to a variation in design or specifications or an overestimation of quantities,
and the price of steel was dropping below the contract prices, would Koh
Brothers be entitled to say that it would order less steel since a lesser
quantity was required for the project? I think Panwah would have said that Koh
Brothers was obliged to order the contract quantity (subject to any reduction
that might be allowed under the “-10% tolerance” provision which I will deal
with later).

26 The burden is on Panwah to establish the implied term. In my view, it has
failed to do so.

**The “-10% tolerance” point**

27 The total quantities in the KB Agreement stated:

Actual 39,000 Tons (-10% tolerance or actual)

Clause 1 of the KB Agreement states:

The 39,000 metric tons of rebars with quantity variation of -10% or actual.

28 Koh Brothers’ position was that the minus 10% tolerance was at its option.
Panwah’s position was that since there was no express stipulation that the
tolerance was at the buyer’s or seller’s option, it was open to both buyer and
seller to act on the tolerance position, meaning either could exercise the
option. Panwah asserted that it was therefore within Panwah’s contractual
rights to deliver 90% of 39,000mt, _ie_ , 35,100mt and, consequently, the
extent of its liability would in any event be correspondingly reduced.

29 I note from the documentary evidence that a tolerance provision is not
uncommon in such contracts without specifying whose option it is to exercise
the tolerance. The provision commonly used refers to both a plus or minus
figure, _eg_ , “+/- 10% tolerance”.

30 Panwah relied on the negotiations leading to the executed agreement but
such negotiations are not admissible as an aid to construction. In any event,
the negotiations would not have helped me to reach a conclusion because while
Rina Tan emphasised that she wanted to stick to 39,000mt, she nevertheless
included the tolerance provision in the KB Agreement. Also, while Rina said
she had cancelled any reference to the tolerance being “at seller’s option”,
it appears that it was Lisa Lim who still wanted a tolerance provision
included, even though without any express provision referring to the buyer’s
option.

31 Leaving the negotiations aside, there was unfortunately a dearth of
evidence as to what such a provision would mean given that it is not uncommon
in the industry. Again, no independent evidence was adduced thereon. Also, the
parties did not ask Burwill’s witnesses in Suit 928/2004 to explain it. Lisa
Lim was not even cross-examined on this issue. It was only when Koh Brothers’
witnesses were on the stand that more attention was placed on the issue.

32 Panwah relied on _In Re An Arbitration between Thornett and Fehr and
Yuills, Limited_ [1921] 1 KB 219 where the seller agreed to sell “200 tons, 5
per cent. more or less” of Australian beef tallow. The Earl of Reading CJ said
at 229:

It is a provision which is inserted into the contract for the sellers’
protection, and it gives them a margin within which to deliver, so that they
are not bound to deliver exactly 200 tons, but within 5 per cent. of that
quantity, whether more or less. Their legal obligation under the contract was
to deliver at least 190 tons, and if they had delivered 190 tons they would
have performed the contract, that is to say they would have delivered the
quantity which could be enforced against them under the contract. In my
opinion the damages which can be claimed against the sellers in this case are
not damages for non-delivery of 39 tons, the balance between 161 and 200 tons,
but for non-delivery of 29 tons allowing for the 5 per cent. less than the 200
tons. Although one is naturally much impressed by the view of the Board of
Appeal who are familiar with contracts of this kind I do not think we can give
effect to their view that the phrase “5 per cent. more or less” operates only
to cover accidental or unimportant variations from the quantity stated in the
contract. There could not be an inquiry if the sellers had delivered within 5
per cent. more or less of the 200 tons as to whether the delivery of the 5 per
cent. more or less was occasioned by accident or inadvertence or whether it
was a deliberate act.

33 That case did not involve a sale and purchase of steel rebars and it is not
clear to me what the evidence was on such a term. Accordingly, I am hesitant
to give much weight to that judgment. Here, the provision is “-10% tolerance
or actual”. So what would have happened if more had been supplied? Also, the
reference to a tolerance and to “actual” quantities creates an inherent
tension. At the end of the day, I conclude that the tolerance provision should
not be ignored. The question then is whether either side had the option to
call for or to supply 10% less than 39,000mt or only Koh Brothers had the
option. Another interpretation was that the tolerance provision was meant to
apply only to an inadvertent shortfall. I would have thought that the
tolerance is usually silent as to whether it is at the option of the buyer or
seller because it is meant to cover an inadvertent shortfall or excess where
it is “+/- 10% tolerance”. Likewise, in the present case, I would have thought
that the provision in question covered an inadvertent shortfall. However,
neither side asserted this interpretation.

34 Mr Choo of Koh Brothers was initially prepared to accept Panwah’s
interpretation that either side could exercise the tolerance provision. His
evidence as reflected in the transcript of 22 July 2004 at p 241 was:

Q Okay. Now, what does the word “negative 10% tolerance” mean?

A It means could be less 10% of 39,000 tons.

Q It means that Koh Brothers can order 10% less of 39,000 tons, a lesser
amount by 10%. My instructions are it also means that Panwah can supply the
amount, if they so elect, 10% less than 39,000 tons. You agree?

A Yes, I agree.

Court: No, that means when he says “election” it means …

Witness: Choose to.

Court: Even if Koh Brothers orders 39,000 tons, Panwah is entitled to say,
“No, I am going to deliver you 39,000 less 10%”. Is that Panwah’s right?

Witness: Based on this particular clause, yes. I think he has the right
because it is quite vague. I quite agree.

Court: I just wanted to understand what your position is.

Witness: I am fair to this. This particular clause is quite vague.

Q So thanks for …

A Yes, I agree with you that you can choose to deliver 36,000 tons, less 10%
whatever it is.

Q It is about 35,100 tons.

A Okay.

35 Although Mr Choo retreated from this position in his later evidence, I
think Koh Brothers should do the fair thing as Mr Choo himself suggested. In
any event, I am of the view that there is no logical reason why the buyer only
should have the option to order less. The seller here also had the option to
supply 10% less than the 39,000mt, _ie_ , 3,900mt. Since Koh Brothers said
8,126.459mt was not supplied, Panwah would be liable for not supplying
8,126.459mt – 3,900mt = 4,226.459mt. I will now deal with the remainder of the
issues.

**Remoteness of damages**

36 Panwah submitted that the damages claimed by Koh Brothers, being the
difference between the cost of replacing undelivered rebars and the contract
price, was too remote to be claimable. Relying on _Victoria Laundry (Windsor)
Ld v Newman Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528, Panwah submitted that such damages
could not fairly and reasonably be considered as arising naturally from
Panwah’s breach and could not reasonably be supposed to have been in the
contemplation of both parties at the time the KB Agreement was made. This
submission was premised on the “project-specific” argument again, _ie_ , that
Koh Brothers was not entitled to buy rebars for use in other projects and
Panwah was unaware that Koh Brothers would deploy rebars under the KB
Agreement to other projects.

37 I have ruled against the “project-specific” argument. In my view, Koh
Brothers are entitled to claim for the difference in the cost of replacement
as such replacement arises naturally from Panwah’s breach and must have been
in the contemplation of both parties at the time the KB Agreement was made.
Whether the replacement bars were used for C3A or other projects is not the
legitimate concern of Panwah.

38 Clause 5 of the KB Agreement states “[m]ust be able to meet to our
deliveries, failing which Panwah Steel will be liable for the difference in
the costs of rebars purchased by us”. Koh Brothers rested its claim for
damages on cl 5. Panwah submitted that cl 5 referred to a situation where the
replacement rebars were to be used for the C3A project. In my view, there is
nothing in cl 5 which suggests this restriction. If there was, the “project-
specific” argument would have succeeded. Panwah cannot succeed by a backdoor
argument what it failed to achieve through its main argument.

**Quantum of damages**

39 Koh Brothers had tabulated their calculation of damages in Annexure B of
its Answer to Interrogatories filed on 20 April 2005. However, the purchases
therein included purchases before 7 July 2004 which was the date of Koh
Brothers’ notification to Panwah that it would be obtaining rebars from
alternative suppliers. What Koh Brothers apparently did for this table was
simply to include contracts at random so long as the total of the quantities
added up to the quantity claimed, without trying to identify which of the
purchases in the table were actually to replace the undelivered rebars. Koh
Brothers also did not produce sufficient evidence to identify the post-7 July
2004 purchases as replacement for the undelivered rebars.

40 However, I do not think it right to simply remove all the pre-7 July 2004
purchases from the table as Panwah suggested. Even if this was to be done,
Panwah did not clarify whether the remainder would amount to more or less than
the 4,226.459mt which Panwah is liable for.

41 In the circumstances, I think that the better approach is to use the July
2004 price indicated in BCA’s Construction Material Prices. Such information
was available from Lisa Lim’s AEIC in Suit 928/2004. This was $813.13 per
metric tonne. As the price under the KB Agreement was $454 per metric tonne,
the difference is $813.13 – $454 = $359.13 per metric tonne. The additional
cost for 4,226.459mt is therefore $1,517,848.22.

**Summary**

42 I would have granted Panwah judgment against Koh Brothers for $1,447,833.83
and Koh Brothers judgment against Panwah for $1,517,848.22. However, I allow
Koh Brothers to set off what it is liable to Panwah for against what Panwah is
liable to it for. Therefore, I grant judgment to Koh Brothers for the balance
being $70,014.39 with interest at 6% per annum from 4 October 2004 being the
date of the Counterclaim. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Dec 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

