Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Treasure Valley Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy and Another (Ultramarine Holdings
Ltd, intervener)  
[2005] SGHC 217

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 211/2004, RA 96/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Tean and Kendall Tan (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Teh, Andrea Chee and Sun Ru-Shi (Rodyk and Davidson) for the second defendants and intervener   
Parties | : |  Treasure Valley Group Ltd — Saputra Teddy; Hatcher Michael   
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Application to
set aside arrest of vessel – Defendants granted liberty to treat crew wages as
part of Sheriff's expenses – Defendants not objecting to sale of ship pursuant
to arrest but objecting to arrest of ship – Whether defendants' inconsistent
conduct amounting to approbation and reprobation of arrest – Whether doctrine
of approbation and reprobation applicable as grounds to dismiss defendants'
application to set aside arrest  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Whether
defendants allowed to claim for damages for wrongful arrest without setting
aside arrest  
  

21 November 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff in this _in rem_ action for possession is Treasure Valley
Group Limited. The claim is against persons having possession of the _Seeker
I_ , namely, the master of the _Seeker I_ and/or Michael Hatcher (“Capt
Hatcher”). Teddy Saputra entered an appearance as the master of the _Seeker I_
and he is the first defendant. Capt Hatcher is the second defendant.
Ultramarine Holdings Limited (“Ultramarine”) is the intervener.

2 The _Seeker I_ was arrested on 25 October 2004. An application to set aside
the arrest was made on 15 December 2004 on behalf of Capt Hatcher and
Ultramarine. The assistant registrar on 12 April 2005 refused to set aside the
arrest based upon the alleged non-disclosure of material facts. An appeal
against the assistant registrar’s decision was filed on 21 April 2005.

3 The second defendant is none other than the well-known salvor of acclaimed
recoveries such as the Nanking cargo and later the Teksing cargo. Capt Hatcher
is a professional salvor of ancient wrecks, the contents of which are of great
interest not only to salvors but also to marine archeologists and others. It
is said that there are many ancient wrecks lying in South-East Asian waters.
Modern methods of diving have made the recovery of artefacts and other
articles of interest and value from long submerged wrecks a practical
proposition.

4 United Sub-Sea Services International Limited (“USSSIL”), a New Zealand-
incorporated company, entered into principally two marine salvage agreements
with Capt Hatcher and PT United Sub-Sea Services Indonesia (“PTUSSI”), a
company with which Capt Hatcher is associated. Borwick International Limited
(“Borwick”) is a British Virgin Islands company owned by Capt Hatcher and
through which the latter operates. The first marine salvage agreement was
dated 13 September 2001 and it was between USSSIL, United Sub-Sea Services
Limited (“USSL”) and Capt Hatcher. USSL is a British Virgin Islands company in
which Capt Hatcher was a director and shareholder. That agreement was varied
twice. The second marine salvage agreement was dated 22 June 2002. According
to Capt Hatcher, this latest agreement was intended to substitute USSL as a
contracting party with PTUSSI. The involvement of USSL in 2001 and beyond in
the marine salvage agreements is curious as Capt Hatcher had deposed that USSL
ceased functioning sometime after 1998. Be that as it may, under the 22 June
2002 agreement, Capt Hatcher was to lead expeditions to locate wrecks and
salvage their cargoes. PTUSSI was to obtain the necessary licences for the
survey and salvage. It is to be noted that the _Seeker I_ is a specialised
survey and salvage support vessel. USSSIL was to secure financial funding for
the expeditions. It was to raise US$2m and to contribute such sums to meet the
costs of the expeditions. As between Capt Hatcher/PTUSSI and USSSIL, their
respective share of the proceeds from the sale of successful recoveries was to
be 30:70 respectively. It transpired that a Japanese investor, Masuo Saeki,
through Ultramarine, acquired a 40% interest in the shareholdings of USSSIL
for US$40m.

5 Counsel for Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine, Mr Lawrence Teh, assisted by Ms
Andrea Chee, submits that the plaintiff’s allegations in the affidavit leading
the Warrant of Arrest were designed to procure the arrest of the _Seeker I_
through the pretence that the plaintiff was the outright owner of the vessel
and was keen to regain possession of the vessel that:

(a) was sailing under the command of an errant master, Capt Hatcher, who was
countermanding the plaintiff’s orders;

(b) was at one time sailing without a master; and

(c) was at risk of being seized by Indonesian authorities because of the
illegal exploits of Capt Hatcher as the master of the _Seeker I_.

Had the duty registrar been fully apprised of the true state of affairs, Mr
Teh contends, Capt Hatcher would have been viewed in a different light. It was
possible in those circumstances that the duty registrar might have refused to
issue the Warrant of Arrest of the _Seeker I_. Two broad propositions
encompass the basis of the challenge. First, the arrest itself was entirely
made on a false premise given the inaccurate statements which the plaintiff
ought to have known were incorrect. The arrest was plainly actuated by malice.
The second alternative proposition is that there had been material non-
disclosure of facts. Some of those material facts could and should have been
ascertained by the plaintiff through proper inquiry.

6 The issues of bad faith and, at the very least, non-disclosure of material
facts were initially limited to three areas. One area of complaint was the
plaintiff’s allegation that Capt Hatcher was the master of the _Seeker I_.
That assertion, Mr Teh argues, is false. The master of the vessel was at all
material times Teddy Saputra, the first defendant. The plaintiff either knew
that Capt Hatcher was not the master of the vessel or had failed to conduct a
proper inquiry into the identity of the master of the vessel and was reckless
in identifying Capt Hatcher as the master. Another area was the alleged use
and deployment of the vessel in illegal activities, thereby putting her at
risk of being seized by the Indonesian authorities. That allegation is again
said to be false. The vessel, on the contrary, was covered by survey licences
and was not being deployed illegally for surveys, nor was the vessel at risk
of being seized by the Indonesian authorities. There is no evidence that the
_Seeker I_ was at risk of being seized by the Indonesian authorities. It was a
case of Capt Hatcher’s e-mail of 17 October 2004 being given a mischievous
reading. The vessel was never deployed illegally. The vessel had permission
from the Indonesian Navy to conduct surveys. The issue was simply a matter of
delay in securing salvage licences. Finally, as to the allegation that the
plaintiff was the registered legal and beneficial owner of the _Seeker I_ ,
that is again said to be untrue. At the time of the arrest, the _Seeker I_ was
only provisionally registered in the name of the plaintiff and this sort of
registration, Mr Teh submits, is not testimony of legal and beneficial
ownership of the vessel.

7 According to Capt Hatcher, the _Seeker I_ was purchased using funds of or
procured by USSSIL and, on his advice, ownership of the vessel was registered
in the name of a single-purpose company, Delta Pacific Consultants Limited
(“Delta”). As at 3 November 2004, Delta was still the registered owner of the
_Seeker I_. The sole director and shareholder of Delta was one Victor Tan Kim
Chye (“Victor Tan”), who held the single share in Delta on trust for USSSIL.
Both Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine regard “USSSIL as the beneficial owner of
the [_Seeker I_] or at the least a substantial part of the vessel”. On that
latter alternative stance, there is no mention as to who the other co-owner of
the _Seeker I_ might be. If it is the plaintiff, then this alternative stance
runs counter to their other assertion that the _Seeker I_ was only mortgaged
to the plaintiff.

8 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Lim Tean, assisted by Mr Kendall Tan, submits
that none of the matters raised by Mr Teh, whether considered in isolation or
viewed together, demonstrated any bad faith or material non-disclosure. The
matters complained about could not conceivably have affected the duty
registrar’s decision to issue the Warrant of Arrest.

9 Lawrence Phillips, a director of USSSIL, in his affidavit of 26 January 2005
deposed on behalf of USSSIL, denied that the company had any ownership rights
in the _Seeker I_. He maintained that the purchase of the _Seeker I_ was not
funded by USSSIL. USSSIL was to provide working funds to meet the operational
expenses for the salvage work.

10 It is the plaintiff’s case that Delta executed a bill of sale and
acceptance of sale for the vessel in the plaintiff’s favour on or about 28
September 2004. On the same date, Victor Tan executed a declaration of trust
whereby he confirmed that he was holding the single share in Delta on trust
for the plaintiff. At the time of the arrest, the plaintiff was named in the
Provisional Registration Certificate (“Provisional Patente”) issued on 20
October 2004 as the owner of the _Seeker I_. Registration of the vessel with
the Panamanian ship registry was finalised on 28 January 2005.

11 Both sides engaged Panamanian lawyers for an opinion on the ownership
status of a holder of a Provisional Patente. The expert used by Mr Teh said
that provisional registration of the vessel with the Panamanian ship registry
permits the vessel to fly the Panamanian flag. That means the _Seeker I_ could
use the Provisional Patente, which named the plaintiff as owner, to sail in
and out of ports like Singapore as a Panamanian-flagged vessel. Mr Lim relies
on the crew list submitted by Teddy Saputra, to Singapore Immigration, naming
the plaintiff as owner of the _Seeker I_. In contending that the plaintiff was
the “ _sole_ registered” owner, the plaintiff was asserting that all 64 out of
64 shares in the vessel were registered in the name of the plaintiff, there
being no registered part-owner unlike the facts in _The New Draper_ (1802) 4 C
Rob 287; 165 ER 615, an authority cited by Mr Lim in respect of a claim for
possession.

12 Gray Clare filed two affidavits on behalf of the plaintiff. It appears from
his first affidavit that Gibraltar Group Limited (“Gibraltar”) and an entity
which he identified as “Paramount” purchased some units in the Hatcher Unit
Trust which he says was ostensibly to take up to 10% of the net proceeds
realised from the exploitation of artefacts recovered from shipwrecks pursuant
to the marine salvage agreements referred to in [4] above. The Hatcher Unit
Trust is an unregistered managed investment scheme allegedly set up to raise
money from the public to fund the recovery of sunken treasure from shipwrecks
located in South-East Asia. The scheme allegedly promised returns of up to
1,365% to investors. In or about June 2003, Gibraltar and Paramount purchased
shares in USSSIL. The two companies sold some of the units in the Hatcher Unit
Trust and shares in USSSIL to a Japanese investor, Masuo Saeki, and his
company. The shares were held in Ultramarine’s name.

13 Gray Clare claimed that the plaintiff had to rely on information provided,
usually on a sporadic basis, by Capt Hatcher as to the vessel’s status, her
schedule and her whereabouts from time-to-time. Capt Hatcher was the person in
charge of the expedition and the activities of the _Seeker I_. He was not
keeping to the schedule of activities required of him. There was also a
previous incident of a barge that had worked in tandem with the _Seeker I_
being detained by the Indonesian authorities due to what Gray Clare described
as licensing issues. Mr Lim argues that Capt Hatcher in his e-mail
acknowledged that the vessel had worked without a licence. That, Mr Lim
submits, was enough to bring to an end the bailment of the vessel. The
plaintiff’s view that the vessel “may have been engaged in unlicensed or
illegal surveying or prospecting activities in Indonesian waters” and thus
exposed to a distinct risk of seizure or forfeiture by the Indonesian
authorities was not unreasonable and was honestly formed based on Capt
Hatcher’s correspondence at the material time. Mr Lim prepared a table based
on information extracted from documents produced by the other side. He submits
that the table revealed “obvious points of discrepancy between the alleged
licences/permits said to be in place as compared against the vessel’s alleged
activities set out in the alleged Chief Officer Log Book summary”.

14 Capt Hatcher denies having seen beforehand the schedule of activity
exhibited in the arrest affidavit which he was supposed to follow. He had
neither drafted nor signed it.

15 In the course of these proceedings, with more allegations and counter-
allegations, the complaint was enlarged to include challenging the very
existence of the plaintiff’s right to claim possession. It was contended that
the arrest was resorted to under some false plea (_ie_ , the three areas
identified in [6] above) to hide the truth that the plaintiff had no right to
claim possession under the deed of agreement of 21 April 2004 (“the Deed”),
which evidences a chattel mortgage in favour of the plaintiff.

16 It transpired that a loan of US$2m was obtained from Gray Clare through his
company under the terms of the Deed. The parties to the Deed were USSSIL,
Delta, Capt Hatcher, Borwick and PTUSSI. Gibraltar was nominated by Gray Clare
as the entity to be read into the spaces left blank in the Deed. Capt Hatcher
said he first met Gray Clare in Singapore. Lawrence Phillips told him that
Gray Clare would extend a US$2m loan to USSSIL. The Deed records that PTUSSI
and Capt Hatcher had located a Sung Dynasty shipwreck in Indonesian waters;
that PTUSSI and Capt Hatcher were to salvage the wreck for the benefit of
PTUSSI, Capt Hatcher and USSSIL in accordance with the various marine salvage
agreements; that USSSIL was not in a financial position to fund the project
and that an unnamed entity (which turned out to be Gibraltar) had agreed to
loan up to US$2m to USSSIL as the working capital required to complete the
salvage and recovery of the wreck; that the funds would not pass through
USSSIL’s banking facilities but would nevertheless create rights and
obligations on the part of USSSIL to repay the moneys advanced and 25% per
annum interest accrued.

17 The Deed records a condition subsequent whereby the ownership of the
_Seeker I_ would be transferred to the plaintiff for a nominal sum of US$1.
Upon completion of the transfer, Capt Hatcher would be released from the
personal guarantee for the loan repayment and any accrued interest. Capt
Hatcher said in his first affidavit that he was told by Lawrence Phillips and
Gray Clare to transfer the ownership of the _Seeker I_ to the plaintiff. In
his second affidavit, however, Capt Hatcher stated that the Deed evidenced a
chattel mortgage as security for the loan. Contrary to the plaintiff’s
allegation, the transfer of the vessel was to provide security for repayment
by USSSIL of the loan. It was in Capt Hatcher’s view imprecise to use the
phrase “outright transfer of ownership”. From the documentation before the
court, a change of ownership did take place, whatever the intention was behind
the exercise.

18 Pit Udo Wadenbach, the German attorney of Ultramarine, argues that there
was no valid reason for the plaintiff to enforce the security in the vessel.
USSSIL should have had funds of US$40m deposited with it and would therefore
be in a position to pay any debt owed by USSSIL to Gray Clare or his nominee
arising from the Deed. At any rate, the loan was not due for repayment and as
such no debt had arisen. Capt Hatcher likewise agrees that the plaintiff had
no valid reason to enforce the security in the vessel. It was understood that
the parties undertaking the salvage of the wreck, namely, PTUSSI, Capt Hatcher
and USSSIL (the parties to the marine salvage agreements) would have
possession of the vessel. Capt Hatcher claims that Gray Clare and Lawrence
Phillips had or have a dishonest design to obtain possession of the vessel
unlawfully. He accuses them of collusion to further the dishonest intentions
of the plaintiff.

19 Needless to say, to persuade the court to disbelieve the affidavit evidence
of Lawrence Phillips, information from the Australian Securities and
Investment Commission, that Lawrence Phillips was under investigations by the
latter and the Australian Federal Police with the assistance of the New
Zealand Serious Fraud Office in conjunction with the Hatcher Unit Trust, was
exhibited. The directorship of Lawrence Phillips in USSSIL was also put into
question. There was said to be a period of seven days (between 21 and 27
September 2004) during which there was no director at all for USSSIL. I am not
entirely clear as to the significance of that revelation except to make the
point and challenge as inaccurate or untrue the assertion made by Lawrence
Phillips that he was at all material times a director of USSSIL.

20 It is not in dispute that the plaintiff’s claim falls within s 3(1)(_a_) of
the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”). Hence, there was no application to strike out the _in rem_ writ, and
what were left open until the action was decided were all questions of the
right to possession of the _Seeker I._ However, subsequent affidavits filed by
and on behalf of the second defendant and Ultramarine brought up the absence
of even a _prima facie_ case for the existence of the right based on which the
plaintiff sued for possession. Indeed, since an underlying claim is a
necessary condition of a right to an arrest without which the arrest could
_ipso facto_ be set aside, it was not an argument directly pressed by Mr Teh,
no doubt realising that there was no application before the court to strike
out the action. It was contended that the plaintiff had failed to disclose
details of the Deed and that the details would have showed up the false plea
in the arrest affidavit.

21 Even if an _in rem_ writ is not being challenged based on the
jurisdictional requirements of the Act, as was the case here, a Warrant of
Arrest may be set aside for material non-disclosure: see _The_ _Rainbow
Spring_ [2003] 3 SLR 362. The obligation of candour, which lies on the
arresting party at the time of the initial _ex parte_ hearing, relates only to
facts which are material for the court to know in deciding whether to issue
the Warrant of Arrest which is sought. Materiality is a matter for the court:
see _The Damavand_ [1993] 2 SLR 717 at 731, [30]. The duty to make full and
frank disclosure also requires a further affidavit to be filed once a mistake
is discovered or the circumstances upon which the court order was made have
changed: see _The Nordglimt_ [1988] 1 QB 183. Hobhouse J (as he then was) at
188 observed:

It is of the greatest importance to the administration of justice that courts
should be able to rely upon the truthfulness and accuracy of affidavits sworn
by solicitors or their employees. It is accordingly essential that such
affidavits should be prepared with proper care and that mistakes of the kind
which I have described should not occur. It is also essential that lawyers
acting for parties and in particular the deponents of such affidavits, should
attach the greatest importance to their oath and that when they find that they
have made a false statement on oath they should be at pains to correct it.

22 Non-disclosure may be innocent, negligent or deliberate. In the case of the
latter, _uberrima fides_ on the part of an applicant for an _ex parte_
application is not observed and hence abuse of process exists in that the
deponent has deliberately misled the court: see _D C_ _Jackson on Enforcement
of Maritime Claims_ (LLP, 3rd Ed, 2000) at para 15.79. Material non-disclosure
and abuse of process are two distinct concepts, but there is some overlap in
the factual material that is relevant to them.

23 The court has a discretion whether or not to set aside the warrant of
arrest notwithstanding proof of material non-disclosure: _The Fierbinti_
[1994] 3 SLR 864 at 879–880, [42]. When a court condemns material non-
disclosure by setting aside the _ex parte_ order, it does so in the public
interest to discourage abuse of its procedure in an _ex parte_ application.
The condemnation is a reminder of the importance of dealing in good faith with
the court when _ex parte_ applications are made. The court retains a
discretion not to set aside the arrest even though the non-disclosure is
deliberate, but this discretion will only be exercised in a special case. Chao
Hick Tin JA in _Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah_ [2000] 2 SLR 750,
which is a case on whether to continue an injunction or grant a fresh
injunction where there has been material non-disclosure, observed at [35] that
“[w]here there is suppression [of material facts], instead of innocent
omission, it must be a special case for the court to exercise its discretion
not to discharge the ex parte injunction”.

24 Ordinarily, the court must first decide whether the failure to mention
something explicitly amounted to non-disclosure. It must then decide whether
the non-disclosure was material, and if so, whether the court’s discretion
should be exercised for or against intervention.

25 On the occasion of this appeal, I am of the view that for the reasons given
below, it is now too late for the court to embark on the three-stage inquiry
in [24] above. Certain procedural steps were taken after the arrest, all of
which depended for their viability upon the arrest and its effect. Since the
steps taken have given rise to a situation which is irreversible and could
impact upon the outcome of this appeal in a determinative way without going
into the merits of the appeal, I asked counsel to submit on whether or not
Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine had in these proceedings consciously taken
inconsistent courses and were thus barred by the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation from challenging the arrest. Separately, they are to consider
whether the arrest had become moot with the sale of the _Seeker I_ , and, if
it had become moot, whether a claim for damages for wrongful arrest under the
principle affirmed in _The_ _Kiku Pacific_ [1999] 2 SLR 595 could still be
pursued in this appeal as a stand-alone right.

26 Upon the application of the plaintiff by way of Notice of Motion No 106 of
2005, the Sheriff on 29 October 2004 was granted, amongst other things,
liberty to appoint agents to assist him in the exercise of his duty in the
preservation and good management of the _Seeker I._ The Sheriff or the
plaintiff was granted liberty to repatriate all or part of the officers and
crew of the vessel and to engage a skeleton crew for the vessel. The
repatriation expenses of the crew and the wages and disbursements for the
skeleton crew were to be treated as part of the Sheriff’s expenses.

27 By an Order of Court dated 12 November 2004, the defendants and the
intervener were granted liberty either by themselves or through their servants
or agents to make payments to all or some of the crew, including the first
defendant, for wages and/or other emoluments earned by them while serving on
board the _Seeker I_ , with such payments to form part of the Sheriff’s
expenses. The order was granted upon the oral application of Mr Teh.

28 As mentioned, the challenge to the arrest was filed in December 2004. On 25
February 2005, the plaintiff applied by way of Notice of Motion No 17 of 2005
for a sale of the vessel _pendente lite_. The sale application was adjourned
on 11 March 2005 until after the hearing of the setting-aside application. On
12 April 2005, the assistant registrar dismissed the latter application.
Consequently, the application for sale of the vessel came up for hearing on 9
May 2005. The second defendant and the intervener wanted the matter adjourned
until after the appeal against the assistant registrar’s decision had been
disposed of. The court agreed to adjourn the application for sale _pendente
lite_ to 27 May 2005 (the date scheduled for hearing of the appeal), but in
the interim period beginning 12 April 2005, the second defendant and the
intervener were to bear the arrest expenses. Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine
thought twice about holding back the sale until after the determination of the
appeal, so much so that on 11 May 2005, Mr Teh informed the court that Capt
Hatcher and Ultramarine were not objecting in principle to the sale. All he
sought was for the “Mac Boats” on board and the diving and survey equipment to
be separately valued and sold. A sale of the _Seeker I_ was duly ordered.

29 To this end, now that the Sheriff has carried out the court-ordered sale
and sold the _Seeker I_ , the arrest itself is plainly moot. It is a moot
question whether or not the degree of explanation and elucidation of the facts
in the arrest affidavit of Kendall Tan placed before the duty registrar was so
falsely misleading and deficient as to amount to bad faith or at least
material non-disclosure. Significantly, the _Seeker I_ was ordered to be sold
with the knowledge and concurrence of Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine soon after
the decision of the assistant registrar but before the appeal was heard. It is
now too late to impugn the arrest. It is not possible to turn the clock back.
Furthermore, the earlier order obtained by the defendants and the intervener
on 12 November 2004 for liberty to pay the crew and for the payments to be
treated as part of the Sheriff’s expenses is equally important. Such an order
is derivative in nature in that it was dependent upon the vessel being under
arrest and in the care and custody of the Sheriff. It is evident from Mr Teh’s
letter to the Sheriff on 8 July 2005 that payment of crew wages for the months
of October and November 2004 was made pursuant to the 12 November 2004 order.
Having paid off the crew, those payments will be treated as part of the
Sheriff’s expenses and will be reimbursed from the sale proceeds of the vessel
in priority to other competing claimants. The significance of this order of 12
November 2004 is that it relies on the earlier order of 29 October 2004 for
liberty to repatriate the original crew. Mr Teh submits that no inconsistent
stand was taken by seeking the order of 12 November 2004 because the order
simply provided that the payments were to be treated as part of the Sheriff’s
expenses and not that the wages would invariably be paid out of the sale
proceeds of the vessel. He argues that if the arrest had been set aside before
the sale, the payment of crew wages would have been recoverable from the
arresting party as part of the Sheriff’s expenses pursuant to the solicitor’s
undertaking given for the arrest. Up to a point, I am prepared to accept that
whilst a vessel is under arrest and there is pending litigation over the
correctness of the arrest, action taken in the interim in connection with the
vessel and crew whilst she is under arrest may not necessarily be construed as
an inconsistent course. But on the facts of this case, at the time the order
of 12 November 2004 was sought, there was no challenge to the arrest.
Moreover, the distinction counsel seeks to make is flawed. It is generally
accepted that an arrested vessel will have to be maintained, preserved and, if
necessary, prepared for sale, and that such expenses are for the benefit of
all interested in the proceeds of sale of the ship. This is essentially the
doctrine of _in custodia legis_ : see _ABC Shipbrokers v The ship “Offi
Gloria”_ [1993] 3 NZLR 576 at 585. Mr Teh’s argument ignores the existence of
the claims of the crew for unpaid wages furnished after arrest and the crew’s
corresponding interest in the proceeds of sale of the _Seeker I_. In seeking
an order that crew wages be treated as part of the Sheriff’s expenses, Capt
Hatcher and Ultramarine are asking that they should receive priority and be
reimbursed the money expended to pay crew wages over other claims as an
expense _in custodia legis_. In other words, the court is being told that
money expended to pay outstanding crew wages is an expenditure that is
necessary not for the maintenance of the arrest or preservation of the _res_ ,
but for the preparation for the sale of the vessel. It is to be borne in mind
that payment of crew wages and the expenses of crew repatriation is for the
ease of an eventual sale of the vessel. The crew would otherwise remain on
board as sitting tenants, and their presence on board could hamper or prevent
the sale of the ship free of encumbrances. By agreeing to treat the money
expended to pay off the crew in the nature of _in custodia legis_ expenses,
the court is also exercising its discretion to depart from the usual order of
priority for maritime claims ahead of other claims which give rise to a
maritime lien.

30 In my judgment, Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine had consciously adopted
inconsistent attitudes. If the court were to allow Capt Hatcher and
Ultramarine to set aside the arrest, it would, in my view, be seen to condone
approbation and reprobation of the arrest. Both of them supported the arrest
by seeking the order of 12 November 2004 and later on, by allowing the order
for sale of the vessel to be made before the determination of the appeal.
Evidently, Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine did not want to continue to bear the
expenses of the arrest pending the appeal and thus made a conscious choice to
allow the order for the sale of the vessel _pendente lite_ to go through
before the determination of the appeal. Mr Teh cited “practical reasons” for
his clients’ decision not to oppose the application for the sale of the
_Seeker I_. Unfortunately, the rationale for the decision is immaterial. It is
the decision itself that is being scrutinised. Conversely, by their challenge
to the arrest of the vessel, Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine sought to reprobate
the arrest. Plainly, the setting aside application was intended to impugn the
basis of the very arrest on which the two aforementioned orders were founded.
I should add that when Capt Hatcher first learnt of the arrest, he sent two
e-mails on 27 October 2004 to Gray Clare and his wife. Whilst he expressed
surprise at the arrest, his e-mails conveyed his willingness to hand over the
_Seeker I_ without any hint of resistance. In his second affidavit of 4 March
2005, Capt Hatcher tried to clarify his e-mails in a manner quite differently
from how I have read them. Capt Hatcher explained that he was trying to say in
his e-mails that he was shocked at the arrest and that if Gray Clare had valid
reasons to enforce the security in the vessel for repayment of the loan of
US$2m, he had only to give proper notice specifying those reasons and the
vessel would be handed to him. I must say I found his clarification quite
contrived. Furthermore, Capt Hatcher in his affidavit of 15 December 2004
declared in no uncertain terms that he had stopped the process of ownership
transfer “because of the arrest and the matters that Ultramarine and [he]
discovered when they met for the first time in September 2004”. Yet his
lawyers, M/s Ang Tan & Chang, completed the transfer process and permanent
registration was finalised. The Statutory Certificate of Register, amongst two
other documents, was forwarded to Mr Lim’s firm under cover of a letter dated
21 February 2005. In context, the overall behaviour of the second defendant
and Ultramarine as narrated had been such that their challenge to the arrest
should be approached with some circumspection and scepticism.

31 The doctrine of approbation and reprobation precludes a person who has
exercised a right from exercising another right which is alternative to and
inconsistent with the right he has exercised. It entails, for instance, that a
person “having accepted a benefit given him by a judgment cannot allege the
invalidity of the judgment which conferred the benefit”: see _Evans v Bartlam_
[1937] AC 473 at 483 and _Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ vol 12 (Butterworths,
1995) at para 190-35 where the doctrine of approbation and reprobation is
conveniently summarised as follows:

A person may not ‘approbate and reprobate’, meaning that a person, having a
choice between two inconsistent courses of conduct and having chosen one, is
treated as having made an election from which he or she cannot resile once he
or she has taken some benefit from the chosen course.

32 On the facts of this case, the doctrine is applicable. In the
circumstances, a dismissal of the appeal on entirely different grounds from
those argued before the assistant registrar is warranted and I so rule. Also,
there is no legal basis for a claim for an inquiry for damages for wrongful
arrest to be assessed without the arrest being set aside. The principle is
that there can be no award of damages even for what is ultimately shown to be
an ill-founded arrest of a vessel unless there is proof of bad faith amounting
to malice or what is termed _crassa negligentia._ The Court of Appeal in _The
Ohm Mariana_ [1993] 2 SLR 698 at 716, [55] held that even if the action _in
rem_ was instituted in error and the arrest wrongful, malice on the part of
the arresting party must first be established before an order that damages be
assessed can be made.

33 I should record that a dismissal of the appeal does not bar the defendants
and Ultramarine (if so advised) from pleading and contending at the trial that
there was malice in bringing this action for possession. It still leaves open,
to the second defendant and the intervener, the prospect of reasserting and
taking issue with what has been alleged to be an ill-founded and vexatious
claim for possession (and as a corollary, the arrest) based on some false
plea. From the affidavits filed by Capt Hatcher and on behalf of Ultramarine,
the action is said to be premature in that the cause of action for possession
had not crystallised under the Deed and this true state of affairs was
distorted through falsehood to give a completely different story for the
purpose of effecting the arrest of the _Seeker I_ or of sustaining the arrest.
There is also the schedule of activity which was relied upon by the plaintiff
for the arrest but was never seen, agreed to or signed by Capt Hatcher until
after the arrest.

34 Even if a different view is taken that there was no approbation and
reprobation on the part of Capt Hatcher and Ultramarine, the subject matter of
the appeal has become academic or moot because of the court-ordered sale.
Faced with this situation, the correct way to go about the subject matter of
the appeal must out of necessity be reserved for the trial of the main action
itself. This view is not to be construed in general terms as leaving open the
prospect that an _ex parte_ order obtained as a result of material non-
disclosure, when relied upon, is effectively unchallengeable. The facts in
this case are special. All contenders were in favour of the vessel being sold
before the determination of the appeal. There was, at this appeal, no question
of having to balance the competing interests of the contenders that might turn
entirely upon matters that occurred after the arrest and in particular that
occurred in reliance upon that arrest. Notwithstanding the comprehensive
attack which Mr Teh has mounted upon the conduct of the plaintiff in obtaining
the Warrant of Arrest, and the many affidavits which have been placed before
me in an effort to have that arrest set aside, I am firmly of the view that it
is too late in the day to challenge the Warrant of Arrest which stands.

35 As an aside and assuming there was no intervening sale, the outcome of the
appeal would still have been the same. I would have, as a matter of
discretion, reserved for the trial itself the issues in the appeal. The real
controversies in the present case relate to the substantive merits of the case
rather than to the jurisdictional requirements of the Act that demand
resolution at the interlocutory stage. In the context of an _in rem_ action,
the principle that the merits of a claim can be deferred to the trial stems
from the ruling in the _The St Elefterio_ [1957] P 179 at 186 where Wilmer J
held that unless the action was frivolous or vexations, “the plaintiffs are
entitled to bring [the action _in rem_] and have it tried, and that whether or
not their claim turns out to be a good one, they are entitled to assert that
claim by proceeding in rem”. Brandon J in _The Moschanthy_ [1971] 1 Lloyd 37
at 42 held that the question as to whether the court has jurisdiction to
entertain the claim _in rem_ must be answered “by reference to the nature of
the plaintiff’s claim as put forward, without reference to the further point
whether it is likely to succeed or not”. Applying the principle in the face of
a non-disclosure challenge on matters so bound up with the merits of the
claim, it is within the range of orders that the court can make in exercise of
discretion to defer making findings (albeit provisionally) on issues which
should be more properly reserved for the trial itself. It is accepted that
Teddy Saputra and Capt Hatcher were the persons in possession of the _Seeker
I_. The core issue is whether at the time the action for possession was
instituted, a _prima facie_ case based on the right on which the plaintiff
sued for possession existed. Here, a finding of bad faith or material non-
disclosure depends upon proof of facts that are themselves in issue in the
action and inextricably connected. Correspondingly, to establish whether a
fact is material and hence ought to be disclosed, those particular contested
facts would have to be resolved.

36 Earlier, in [32] above, I ruled that the appeal is dismissed. As for costs,
in exercise of the court’s discretion, I order costs of the appeal to be in
the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

