Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chin Bay Ching v Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGCA 29

Case Number | : | CA 86/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 May 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Eugene Thuraisingam (Allen and Gledhill) for the appellant; Kenny Khoo Ming Siang and Leong Why Kong (Ascentsia Law Corporation) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chin Bay Ching — Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Defamation – Injunction – Interlocutory injunctions – Mandatory and
prohibitory injunctions – Mandatory injunction requiring retraction of
allegedly defamatory statements – Prohibitory injunction restraining future
publication of allegedly defamatory statements – Applicable principles for
granting interlocutory injunctions in defamation actions  
  
Tort – Defamation – Injunction – Interlocutory injunctions – Mandatory
injunction requiring retraction of allegedly defamatory statements – Whether
court having power to grant such injunctions  
  

17 May 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against a mandatory injunction and a prohibitory
injunction granted by the High Court (see [2005] 1 SLR 328) in an action
instituted by the respondent, Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd (“MVP”) against the
appellant, Chin Bay Ching (“Chin”) for defamation and malicious falsehood. We
heard the appeal on 24 March 2005 and discharged both the injunctions. We now
give our reasons.

**The background**

2 MVP is a Singapore company incorporated by Chin. Initially, it had two
shareholders, with Chin holding one share and his brother, Chin Bay Fah, the
other share. The brothers were also the first directors of MVP.

3 Sometime in 1997, MVP entered into a joint venture with a Chinese company,
Zhuhai City Jin Xing Industry & Commerce Company (“Jin Xing”) to develop a
golf course, a country club and several bungalow homes (collectively, “the
project”) in Zhuhai, the People’s Republic of China. For this joint venture,
the parties decided to use the vehicle known as the Zhuhai Pearl Golf and
Country Club (“the Club”) to carry out the project.

4 Pursuant to the joint venture agreement, MVP invested $4.2m in the Club
whilst Jin Xing secured the land usage right grant (“the Grant”) in favour of
the Club from the Zhuhai authorities. Of the $4.2m invested in the Club by
MVP, at least $1.9m came by way of a shareholder loan from Chin to MVP. The
remainder had apparently come from one Tan Siak Meng (“Tan”), but this was
disputed by Chin.

5 For reasons which were not entirely clear, the execution of the project was
delayed. It was put on “hold” by the Zhuhai authorities. In October 2001, Chin
discussed with Tan who claimed that he could work on the Zhuhai authorities to
revive the project. Following further negotiations, where a third person, Ong
Sooi Eng (“Ong”), was also involved, it was agreed (“the 2001 Agreement”) that
Tan would purchase Chin’s entire shareholding in MVP for the sum of $2.6m,
plus one of the to-be-completed bungalows and two golf memberships in the
proposed country club. It was also a part of the understanding that Chin would
ensure that MVP would issue to Tan (or his nominee) seven new shares in MVP.
Earlier, for his efforts in helping to reinstate the project, Ong had been
issued with one share in MVP.

6 Some months later, in February 2002, the parties varied the 2001 Agreement
and, under this new agreement (“the 2002 Agreement), the one share meant for
Ong would be transferred to Tan and the seven new shares for Tan would be
transferred to Anchorage Capital Pte Ltd (“Anchorage”), a private exempt
company effectively owned by Tan. In order to ensure that Tan carried out his
part of the bargain and as a safeguard to Chin, Tan and Anchorage also agreed
to deposit blank pre-signed share transfer forms with a neutral party, Tan
Sook Kiat (“TSK”).

7 Pursuant to the 2001 and 2002 Agreements, all the shares which Chin held in
MVP, less one share, were duly transferred to Tan and Anchorage. MVP had thus
come under the control of Tan. However, Tan failed to carry out his promise of
executing and delivering the blank transfer forms to the stakeholder, TSK.
Neither did Tan pay up the whole of the $2.6m to Chin. In fact, he paid only a
part. As a result, on 8 November 2002, Chin instructed his solicitors to write
a letter to the Zhuhai authorities (“first letter of complaint”), the
substantive part of which reads:

We wish to inform you that owing to the legal dispute over the shareholding
among the members of [MVP], we would like to request the authorities concerned
through your Honour to temporarily cease all consultations in respect of the
use of land and other matters pertaining to [the project].

8 Eleven days later, on 19 November 2002, Chin’s solicitors instituted an
action in Suit No 1395 of 2002 (“the first action”) against Tan and Anchorage,
claiming for the return of the shares in MVP on account of their breach of the
2001 Agreement as modified by the 2002 Agreement. At that point, Tan owned 10%
of the shares in MVP and Anchorage owned another 80%, with Chin holding only
10% of the shares.

9 In January 2003, the Zhuhai authorities, presumably pursuant to the first
letter of complaint, revoked the grant of the land made to the Club. In June
2003, the parties reached an agreement to settle the first action, under which
Tan and Anchorage agreed to pay Chin $1.95m by equal monthly instalments of
$155,000 each and one final instalment of $400,000, with the first instalment
due on 1 August 2003 (“the Settlement Agreement”). The first action was to be
withdrawn by Chin upon the receipt of full payment. It was alleged by MVP that
under the terms of the settlement, Chin was to appoint a Chinese legal
representative for the Club and, within seven days of such appointment, Chin
was to withdraw the first letter of complaint made to the Zhuhai authorities.
There was some uncertainty as to whether Chin had, in fact, assumed the
obligation to appoint a legal representative. This would, no doubt, be a point
of fact to be determined at trial.

10 Tan paid only the first instalment under the Settlement Agreement and
defaulted on the second instalment due on 1 September 2003. Thus, on 16
September 2003, Chin’s then solicitors, M/s Vijay & Co, wrote a letter to the
Zhuhai authorities (“the second letter of complaint”), the substance of which
reads:

We act for [Chin] … In this Suit No 1395/2002/E, Chin had sued [Tan] and
[Anchorage] for the return of shares in [MVP] that belonged to him because Tan
and Anchorage had breached agreed conditions.

…

In these circumstances, we would like to put you on Notice that you may want
to avoid any dealings with [Tan], Anchorage and [MVP] or any party other than
Chin concerning compensation until the matter is resolved.

11 This second letter of complaint was the subject of MVP’s present action for
defamation and malicious falsehood which was instituted on 5 February 2004.

12 In the meantime, on 1 October 2003, Chin assigned the benefits under the
Settlement Agreement to one Mr Chuah Chong Eu (“Chuah”) for a mere $300,000 as
Chin was in urgent need of funds. On 31 October 2003, Chuah instituted Suit No
1070 of 2003 (“the second action”) against Tan and Anchorage for breach of the
Settlement Agreement. On 24 February 2004, Chuah obtained summary judgment
against Tan and Anchorage for damages of $1,795,000, plus interest and costs.

**The pleadings**

13 In the present action against Chin, MVP pleaded in its Statement of Claim
that the second letter of complaint contained the following defamatory
meanings:

(a) Tan and Anchorage are not trustworthy in business and/or are liable to
dishonour their contractual obligations;

(b) Tan and Anchorage are financially lacking and/or wholly incapable of
completing the project;

(c) Consequently, [MVP is] by virtue of the association with Tan and Anchorage
untrustworthy in business, liable to dishonour agreements, lacking in
financial means and/or skills to complete the project.

In the alternative, MVP sued for malicious falsehood.

14 In the action, the reliefs prayed for by MVP included, besides the sum of
$4.2m and damages, the following:

An injunction requiring [Chin] to retract the first and second letter[s] [of
complaint], acknowledging that he had no bases [_sic_] whatsoever for making
the allegations and that the same are unfounded.

15 In his Defence, Chin pleaded justification and qualified privilege. For
justification, Chin relied, _inter alia_ , on the fact that Chuah had obtained
a final judgment against Tan and Anchorage. Chin averred that qualified
privilege applied because both he and the Zhuhai authorities had a common or
corresponding interest in the matter which was the subject of the first and
second letters of complaint. The letters were written to protect Chin’s own
interests. Chin said that there was no malice on his part.

16 On 14 June 2004, MVP applied for an interim injunction to require Chin to
retract the first and the second letters of complaint in terms of a draft
attached thereto and a prohibitory injunction to restrain Chin from further
writing to the Zhuhai authorities on the project. On 27 August 2004, the High
Court granted the two injunctions prayed for.

**The decision below**

17 The judge below, in granting the two injunctions, applied the test laid
down by this court in two cases, _ie_ , _Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v
Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 729 (“ _Chuan Hong_ ”) and _Singapore
Press Holdings Ltd v Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 151 (“ _Brown
Noel_ ”) which adopted the balance of convenience test propounded in the case
of _American Cyanamid v Ethicon_ [1975] AC 396 (“ _American Cyanamid_ ”),
which was later referred to in Chuan Hong,as the “balance of the risk of doing
injustice” test _ie_ , at 743, [88]:

[T]he court should take whichever course appears to carry the lower risk of
injustice if it should turn out to have been wrong at trial in the sense of
granting relief to a party who fails to establish his rights at the trial, or
of failing to grant relief to a party who succeeds at the trial.

18 The judge noted that Chin no longer had any real interest in the project at
the time the present action was instituted, other than one share in MVP. She
stated that Chin’s interest was a monetary one which was to be paid by Tan in
accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement, and even that interest
or right had been extinguished by his assignment to Chuah. Thus, Chin would
suffer no prejudice from the retraction of the two letters. In contrast,
unless the letters were retracted, and this appeared clearly from a letter of
10 May 2004 from the Club to MVP, the Club would not be able to re-commence
negotiations with the Zhuhai authorities. Its loss would be difficult to
compute.

**Mandatory injunction**

19 Before us, counsel for Chin contended that the judge erred in granting the
two injunctions. We will first examine the position in relation to the
mandatory injunction. Chin submitted that the court’s power in a defamation
action (the present action is such an action, although MVP had also claimed in
malicious falsehood) was limited to ordering damages, costs and an injunction
to restrain the defendant from repeating the defamatory statements. In this
regard, Chin relied upon a passage in _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 1998) at para 9.1:

An award of damages is the primary remedy for defamation … There is no general
power for the Court to order the defendant to publish a correction or apology
…

and another passage in David Price, _Defamation Law, Procedure & Practice_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2001) at p 169:

Most claimants want an apology and retraction first and foremost. However, a
court cannot make an order requiring a defendant to publish an apology against
his will. Since the majority of claims settle, the claimant may nevertheless
be able to negotiate the publication of an apology as a term of settlement.

20 Chin also referred to the local High Court decision of _Excel Golf Pte Ltd
v Allied Domecq Spirits & Wine (Singapore) Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 771 and the New
South Wales Supreme Court decision in _Summertime Holdings Pty Ltd v
Environmental Defender’s Office Ltd_ (1998) 45 NSWLR 291 where Young J stated
(at 298) that “the common law does not compel apologies but merely takes the
matter of whether an apology is offered or not into account when assessing
damages”.

21 In contrast, MVP cited _TV3 Network Ltd v Eveready New Zealand Ltd_ [1993]
3 NZLR 435 (“ _TV3 Network_ ”) where the New Zealand Court of Appeal refused,
in an action for malicious falsehood and defamation, to strike out a claim for
a mandatory injunction to broadcast corrective advertising even though it was
argued that such a relief was untenable. Cooke P said (at 438 and 439):

[S]ince the mingling of law and equity, which is accepted in New Zealand, the
remedy of injunction should be available whenever required by justice. To
impose jurisdictional limits, as distinct from identifying factors which on
practical grounds will tell against the discretionary grant of the remedy,
would be a backward step. It would be inconsistent with the past approach of
this Court: see for example _Thomas Borthwick & Sons (Australasia) Ltd v South
Otago Freezing Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 NZLR 538, where an injunction was upheld
although having the effect of requiring the performance of a long-term
commercial contract entailing co-operation between the parties.

…

The facts that no instance of such an injunction has been found, and that text
writers, law reform bodies and even some Judges may have assumed that the
jurisdiction does not extend so far, are certainly a warning that a Court
should be slow to grant the remedy; but they cannot establish the absence of
jurisdiction. There are well-known instances of the discovery that justice
requires an established equitable remedy to be adapted to a new use.

22 The general power of our courts as to the reliefs which they may grant is
set out in para 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) which provides that the court has the
“[p]ower to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in equity, including
damages in addition to, or in substitution for, an injunction or specific
performance”. Section 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
provides that interlocutory injunction may be granted either conditionally or
unconditionally as the court thinks just.

23 It is undoubtedly true that granting a prohibitory injunction in a
defamation action is common place. However, no precedent could be cited by
either party where the court had granted an interlocutory or final mandatory
injunction requiring the retraction or correction of defamatory statements.
Does it, therefore, follow that just because hitherto the courts have not
granted a mandatory injunction in a defamation action, one should conclude
that this remedy is not available in such an action? In this regard, we are
reminded by what _Spry on_ _The Principles of Equitable Remedies_ (Law Book
Co, 6th Ed, 2001) (“ _Spry_ ”) states at 323:

Injunctions are granted only when to do so accords with equitable principles,
but this restriction involves, not a defect of powers, but an adoption of
doctrines and practices that change in their application from time to time.
Unfortunately there have sometimes been made observations by judges that tend
to confuse questions of jurisdiction or of powers with questions of
discretions or of practice. The preferable analysis involves a recognition of
the great width of equitable powers, an historical appraisal of the categories
of injunctions that have been established and an acceptance that pursuant to
general equitable principles injunctions may issue in new categories when this
course appears appropriate.

24 Here, we note that the evolution of the reliefs of the Mareva injunction
and the _Anton Piller_ order is probably an apt illustration supporting the
statement in _Spry_. The fact that the courts have, to date, refrained from
issuing a mandatory injunction does not mean that this remedy is not available
in a defamation action. It may well be that the courts preferred to enhance
the quantum of damages awarded rather than to compel a reluctant defendant to
apologise or correct his statements. No reasons have been advanced to show why
this remedy should not, as a matter of principle, be available in a defamation
action. None was proffered in any of the leading defamation textbooks. It may
well be that it would be a rare case where the court would feel the need to
issue such a remedy. But that is not to say it is a complete bar.

25 We recognise the force of the argument that a defendant should not be
compelled to apologise against his will as the very spirit of an apology is
that it must come from the heart, something which the defendant wishes to do
on account of the wrong he has done to the plaintiff. On the other hand, an
order compelling a defendant to merely withdraw, or correct, an offending
statement after a trial, seems to be of a different character or genre from
that of an apology. In the same way that the court compels a defendant to pay
damages for the defamation, there is no reason or principle why it cannot
compel the issue of a correction. Of course, the cases where the court should
think that justice requires the grant of a mandatory injunction, to issue
either a letter of withdrawal or correction, must be quite exceptional.

26 In this connection, we note the following observation made by Gault J in
_TV3 Network_ at 447:

The action for defamation developed in the common law as attracting remedy
only in damages. That did not prevent the use of injunctions to restrain
threatened repeated publication of defamatory statements after the passing of
the Judicature Acts. In principle therefore there is no jurisdictional bar to
an injunction cast in mandatory form. Indeed that is what occurred in _Hermann
Loog v Bean_ [(1884) 26 Ch D 306].

27 Equally germane are the views expressed by Lord Goff of Chieveley in _South
Carolina Insurance Co v Assurantie Maatschappij ‘de Zeven Provincien’ NV_
[1986] 3 All ER 487 at 499:

I am reluctant to accept the proposition that the power of the court to grant
injunctions is restricted to certain exclusive categories. That power is
unfettered by statute; and it is impossible for us now to foresee every
circumstance in which it may be thought right to make the remedy available.

28 At the end of the day, the question whether a mandatory injunction,
requiring retraction or correction, is an appropriate and just relief must
depend on the circumstances. The following discussions of this precise point
by Gault J in _TV3 Network_ (at 447) set out some of the matters which the
court should take into account to determine whether to grant such a relief:

In defamation cases the freedom of speech and the appropriateness of a Court’s
direction to the press or electronic media to publish or broadcast will be of
great importance. So too will be the practicability of ordering retraction or
correction in cases where the assessments of damages (which would be affected
by such orders) are in the hands of a jury. Another factor will be the lapse
of time between the publication of the defamatory statement and the time for
compliance with any order for retraction or correction. In many cases the gap
will be such as to raise a question of whether further publication would be
counter-productive. On the other hand the modern approach to the dissemination
of information in fields of consumer safety, the impact on trading interests,
whether malice has been proved, whether the injury is shown to be continuing
and the fact that the issue of remedy arises only after it has been shown that
there has been an abuse of the right of freedom of speech also may be relevant
factors. Those are all matters that go to the discretion whether or not to
make any order. They do not go to the Court’s jurisdiction.

29 Accordingly, we had reservations on the submission made by Chin that the
courts had no power at all to grant such a relief. Indisputably, the award of
damages will be the primary remedy in a defamation action.

30 Assuming that there is such a power in the court to grant the relief, the
next question to consider is whether the judge, in the circumstances of the
present case, fell into error in granting the interim mandatory injunction. In
this regard, it is vitally important to bear in mind the ambit of the letter
which Chin was compelled, under the order made by the court below, to write to
the Zhuhai authorities, the relevant parts of which read:

… I have been ordered by the High Court of Singapore to retract the First and
Second Letters.

… I hereby acknowledge that I had no basis nor _locus standi_ for requesting
that you refrain from dealing with [MVP]. My dispute with [Tan and Anchorage]
has no bearing on [MVP], the Club and all or any issue relating to the
revocation of the Land Grant.

… Consequently I hereby unconditionally and irrevocably retract the said First
and Second Letters and all or any requests made thereunder.

31 One very significant aspect of this withdrawal letter is that it required
Chin to admit that he was wrong to have written the two letters to the Zhuhai
authorities. There is as yet no trial at which the court has found that Chin’s
defences of justification or qualified privilege failed. The court has yet to
determine the substantive merits of the action and the defences raised. It
seems to us that while the judge below had correctly set out the guidelines
laid down in _Chuan Hong_ and _Brown Noel_ , she had not appreciated that
their application to the special situation of a defamation action must be
modified. As early as in 1887, Lord Esher MR had already in the case of
_William Coulson and Sons v James Coulson and Co_ (1887) 3 TLR 846 (“
_Coulson_ ”) recognised the unique position of a defamation action in relation
to the issue of an interim injunction. He said at 846:

To justify the Court in granting an interim injunction it must come to a
decision upon the question of libel or no libel, before the jury decided
whether it was a libel or not. Therefore the jurisdiction was of a delicate
nature. It ought only to be exercised in the clearest cases, where any jury
would say that the matter complained of was libellous, and where if the jury
did not so find the Court would set aside the verdict as unreasonable. The
Court must also be satisfied that in all probability the alleged libel was
untrue, and if written on a privileged occasion that there was malice on the
part of the defendant.

32 In the subsequent case of _Bonnard v Perryman_ [1891] 2 Ch 269 (“ _Bonnard_
”), the rationale for a stricter test before an interlocutory injunction could
be granted by the court in a defamation action was enunciated by Lord
Coleridge CJ at 284 in these terms:

But it is obvious that the subject-matter of an action for defamation is so
special as to require exceptional caution in exercising the jurisdiction to
interfere by injunction before the trial of an action to prevent an
anticipated wrong. The right of free speech is one which it is for the public
interest that individuals should possess, and, indeed, that they should
exercise without impediment, so long as no wrongful act is done; and, unless
an alleged libel is untrue, there is no wrong committed; but, on the contrary,
often a very wholesome act is performed in the publication and repetition of
an alleged libel. Until it is clear that an alleged libel is untrue, it is not
clear that any right at all has been infringed; and the importance of leaving
free speech unfettered is a strong reason in cases of libel for dealing most
cautiously and warily with the granting of interim injunctions.

33 While we recognise that _Coulson_ and _Bonnard_ were decided well before
1975, before the _American Cyanamid_ case, even later cases had not departed
from the stricter test propounded in _Coulson_ and _Bonnard_. Counsel for Chin
also referred, in particular, to these cases from various Commonwealth
countries in support of his contention, namely, _Trevor v Solomon_ (1977) 248
EG 779, _Herbage v Times Newspapers Ltd_ The Times 1 May 1981, _The New
Straits Times Press Bhd v Airasia Bhd_ [1987] 1 MLJ 36, _Edelsten v John
Fairfax & Sons Ltd_ [1978] 1 NSWLR 685, _McSweeney v Berryman_ [1980] 2 NZLR
168 and _Kwek Juan Bok Lawrence v Lim Han Yong_ [1989] SLR 655 (“ _Lawrence
Kwek_ ”), the last being a Singapore case.

34 In _Bestobell Paints Ltd v Bigg_ [1975] FSR 421 (“ _Bestobell Paints_ ”),
Oliver J at 429–430 expressly alluded to _American Cyanamid_ and held that it
did not apply to a defamation action:

There is an old and well established principle which is still applied in
modern times and which is in no way affected by the recent decision by the
House of Lords in [_American Cyanamid_] that no interlocutory injunction will
be granted in defamation proceedings, where the defendant announces his
intention of justifying, to restrain him from publishing the alleged
defamatory statement until its truth or untruth has been determined at the
trial, except in cases where the statement is obviously untruthful and
libellous. That was established towards the end of the last century and it has
been asserted over and over again.

35 We appreciate that in England, the trial of a defamation action was and is
by jury and there could thus be reluctance on the part of the court in
granting an interlocutory injunction. It could be that the judges in England
were disinclined to usurp the function of the jury at the trial or prejudge an
issue which fell within the domain of the jury.

36 The significance of this difference, that the trial of a defamation action
in England was by jury and in Singapore was and is by the judge alone, came up
for consideration in _Lawrence Kwek_. There, our High Court applied the same
stricter test. Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) explained why the difference
was immaterial as follows (at 658):

[U]ntil the action is tried, the judge is in exactly the same position as a
jury, in a trial where there is a jury. Like a jury, a judge is also in no
position to say whether the defence has been established until he has heard
all the evidence.

37 We must at this juncture make one clarification. We appreciate that all the
cases discussed above related to the grant of an interlocutory prohibitory
injunction, not a mandatory injunction. In our opinion, that should not matter
as the reasoning above should apply with even greater force in relation to the
issue of an interlocutory mandatory injunction. Accordingly, we agreed with
the submission of Chin that in relation to an application for an interlocutory
injunction in a defamation action, whether mandatory or prohibitory, the
jurisdiction of the court was not to be exercised simply on _American
Cyanamid_ guidelines but with great caution and should generally only be
granted where it was clear that the statement complained of was libellous and
no defence could possibly apply. Having satisfied this test, the court must
further be satisfied that this is a case where special circumstances exist
which warrant the issue of an exceptional relief like an interlocutory
mandatory injunction.

38 In the present case, Chin pleaded the defences of justification and
qualified privilege. In the light of the facts enumerated in [2] to [12]
above, we could not see how it could be alleged that these two defences were
clearly without merits. It is true that under the Settlement Agreement there
is a question as to whether Chin was required to appoint a Chinese legal
representative, which Chin had failed to do. However, what is clear is that
Tan had failed to fulfil his promise to pay. The fact that Chuah obtained a
summary judgment against Tan and Anchorage under the Settlement Agreement (see
[12] above) is indicative that there are probably some merits in the defences
raised by Chin in relation to the present action by MVP.

39 We appreciate that with the first and the second letters of complaints in
the hands of the Zhuhai authorities, it is perhaps natural that the Zhuhai
authorities would be reluctant to re-commence negotiations with the Club to
resolve the dispute involving the project. Thus, we understand the anxiety of
MVP, and of the Club, of wanting to remove this perceived obstruction and move
things along to a solution with the Zhuhai authorities. Nevertheless, a letter
of withdrawal in the terms set out in the Order of Court of 27 August 2004 is
clearly unwarranted. It required capitulation on the part of Chin.

40 It seems to us that the judge placed too much significance on the
subsequent events, _ie_ , Chin’s assignment of the rights under the Settlement
Agreement to Chuah and the fact that on account thereof, Chin no longer owned
any real interest in MVP other than one nominal share: see [28] and [35] of
her judgment. The court should have considered the second letter of complaint
as at the date it was written. Was Chin entitled to write the second letter to
the Zhuhai authorities? What is the correct meaning to be ascribed to the
letter?

41 Finally, we need to make a brief comment on the point as to whether the
position would be altered in any way by the fact that in the present action,
there is an alternative claim in malicious falsehood. We do not think so, as
the foundation for the claim in malicious falsehood is essentially the same as
that for the claim in defamation. In _Bestobell Paints_ at 438, Oliver J
answered this same argument as follows:

It is, of course, true that the action for malicious falsehood or injurious
falsehood is not strictly an action for libel or slander but an action on the
case for damage wilfully and intentionally done without just occasion or
excuse (see _Ratcliffe_ v. _Evans_ [1892] 2 Q.B. 519). But I cannot find, in
the authorities to which I have been referred to or to which my own researches
have led me, any foundation for the suggestion that so far as the question of
interlocutory relief is concerned any different principle is applicable in
such an action nor, indeed, can I see any logical reason why it should be, if
the reason for the rule in _Bonnard_ v. _Perryman_ , given by the Master of
Rolls is correct.

**Interlocutory injunction to restrain further publication**

42 We now turn to the interim prohibitory injunction granted by the judge to
restrain Chin from further publishing the alleged defamatory statements. In
her grounds of decision, the judge did not give specific reasons for granting
the interim prohibitory injunction. The conditions which must be satisfied
before the court grants such an interim prohibitory injunction are set out in
_Duncan and Neill on Defamation_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1983) at para 19.02 as
follows:

The court has jurisdiction to grant an [interlocutory] injunction to prevent
any further publication where the plaintiff can establish—

(a) a _prima facie_ case of libel or slander;

(b) that the defendant threatens or intends to make a further publication;

(c) that if a further publication is made the plaintiff will suffer an injury
which cannot be fully compensated in damages.

43 In _Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2004), at para
25.2, the learned authors set out the applicable conditions for the issue of
an injunction to restrain further publication to be the following:

(1) the statement is unarguably defamatory;

(2) there are no grounds for concluding the statement may be true;

(3) there is no other defence which might succeed;

(4) there is evidence of an intention to repeat or publish the defamatory
statement.

44 From both these standard textbooks, it would be noted that one of the
essential conditions which must be satisfied before a prohibitory injunction
may be granted is that there must be evidence of a threat or intention to
repeat the defamatory remarks. However, there is no evidence at all that Chin
had threatened to repeat or intended to continue the publication of the
allegedly defamatory statements. There was no basis for MVP to even think that
Chin would write further to the Zhuhai authorities. Accordingly, the interim
prohibitory injunction should not have been granted. It had not been shown to
be necessary. We would hasten to add that in only referring to this condition,
it must not be taken that all the other conditions necessary for the grant of
a prohibitory injunction had been satisfied.

45 Finally, we ought to mention that MVP sought the leave of this court to
amend its Statement of Claim to include a claim in tort for interfering in a
contractual relationship. Such an application was, in fact, pending before an
assistant registrar. We did not think the oral application fell within the
ambit of this appeal.

46 In the result, we allowed the appeal with costs, here and below. We also
ordered the refund of the security for costs to the appellant.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 May 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

