Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Siok Yee (suing by the committee of the person and estate, Liew Chee
Kong) and Others v Chong Voon Kee Ivan  
[2005] SGHC 157

Case Number | : | Suit 608/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Muthu Kumaran (Justicius Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Gan Seng Chee and Anna Quah (Ang and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Siok Yee (suing by the committee of the person and estate, Liew Chee Kong); Liew Chee Kong; Liew Hoe Peng; Liew Yian Yee; Liao Hao Yu a minor suing by Liew Chee Kong his father/next friend — Chong Voon Kee Ivan   
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Whether motorists solely
responsible to look out for pedestrians – Whether pedestrians have duty to
exercise reasonable care for own safety  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Motorists' duty of care – Whether
motorists' duty of care breached by reversing vehicle over long distances  
  
Tort – Negligence – Res ipsa loquitur – Whether burden of proving negligence
of defendant on plaintiff  
  

29 August 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

**Introduction**

1 This case involves a motor accident which took place on 28 March 2002 and
which resulted in Tan Siok Kee (“the first plaintiff”) sustaining serious head
injuries. The first plaintiff remains in a comatose state to date. I am tasked
with determining who is liable for her injuries.

**The facts**

2 The first plaintiff is the wife of Liew Chee Kong (“the second plaintiff”).
The third to fifth plaintiffs are the children of the first and second
plaintiffs. Ivan Chong (“the defendant”) was at the material time a sales
executive employed by a company which office was situated at 5 Hong Kong
Street.

3 On 28 March 2002, at about 9.55am, the defendant and two of his colleagues
decided to go for breakfast at a place called Killiney Kopitiam (“the coffee
shop”) located at 11 Lorong Telok (“the road”) which road is bounded by North
Canal Road on one side and by Circular Road on the other side. The defendant
drove his vehicle, a Suzuki station wagon numbered SQR47R (“the car”). His
front-seat passenger was Sim Kok Leong (“Sim”) while Lai Wye Jin (“Lai”) sat
in the centre of the rear seat.

4 The threesome arrived at the road at about 10.05am. The road has two lanes
for one-way traffic and has parking bays on both sides. The coffee shop is
situated on the right side as one enters the road from North Canal Road.
Noting that all the parking bays were occupied, the defendant decided to wait
for a bay to become available.

5 The defendant noticed that a van numbered GN3066J (“the van”), parked in a
bay on the left side of the road, had its driver’s door open and a man
appeared to be doing some packing. He moved forward and asked the man whether
the latter was moving out of the parking bay. Getting a negative answer, the
defendant moved the car forward to the right side of the road ahead of the
coffee shop and put on his handbrake.

6 While waiting for a parking bay, the defendant and his colleagues engaged in
conversation with the windows rolled up and the air-conditioning switched on
in the car. After waiting for about five minutes, the defendant noticed from
his rear view mirror that a vehicle parked somewhere between parking bays 15
to 19 on the left side of the road had reversed out of its parking bay and had
moved forward in the direction of Circular Road. The defendant waited for the
vehicle to pass him on the left before he started reversing the car into the
parking bay. After releasing his handbrake, the defendant turned his head to
the left to look back and to check his blind spot. He then checked his rear
view mirror and two side mirrors. Noting that the road was clear, the
defendant shifted the car into reverse gear and started to reverse slowly.

7 The defendant intended to reverse in a straight line along the right lane
before moving forward to the left lane and reversing into the empty parking
bay. In the course of reversing, the defendant continued to maintain a lookout
in his rear view mirror as well as the side mirrors. He had both his hands on
the steering wheel.

8 After he had reversed for about two to three seconds (according to his
estimation), Lai suddenly saw a woman’s face in the rear mirror of the car and
yelled out a warning. The defendant heard a bang and felt a light impact. He
applied the brakes of the car immediately, pulled up the handbrake and put on
the hazard lights. The defendant thought he had hit a vehicle at an angle. He
(and his passengers) alighted from the car. They found the first plaintiff
lying unconscious on her back on the ground behind and parallel to the rear
of, the car. According to the police sketch plan,[note: 1] the car stopped
abreast of parking bay 7A which is on the right side of the road. The coffee
shop is adjacent to parking bays 15 and 16 on the left side of the road.

9 At the material time, the first plaintiff worked at the coffee shop as a
supervisor. Her duties included going to United Overseas Bank Ltd (“the Bank”)
near Boat Quay between 10.00am and 11.00am daily, to deposit cash into the
account the coffee shop maintained with the Bank. The first plaintiff was on
her way to the Bank that morning when she was knocked down.

10 The defendant was subsequently charged with failing to drive in an orderly
and careful manner without due regard for the safety of others, _viz_ the
first plaintiff. He was offered, which he accepted and paid, a composition
fine of $500 on 29 August 2003 to compound the offence.

11 On 11 October 2002, the second plaintiff was appointed the committee of the
person and the estate of the first plaintiff in Originating Summons No 1413 of
2002.

**The pleadings**

12 In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs alleged the defendant caused the
accident by, _inter alia_ , failing to keep any and/or a proper lookout and
failing to observe the presence of the first plaintiff along the road.

13 In the Defence, the defendant averred that he had lawfully reversed the car
along the road when the first plaintiff suddenly emerged from the rear and the
left of the car without proper care and/or attention and thereby caused the
accident. The defendant pleaded that the collision was due to an inevitable
accident that occurred without negligence on his part.

14 The defendant went on to allege contributory negligence on the part of the
first plaintiff. He denied the allegation of injuries, loss and damages
particularised in the Statement of Claim.

**The trial**

15 The two passengers in the car, _viz_ Sim and Lai, did not testify even
though both had given statements to the defendant’s insurers on 17 and 19
August 2002 respectively. Neither did Tham Weng Kuen (“Tham”) the driver of
the van and Nurizzah bte Khalil, an eye-witness, both of whom had lodged
police reports.

**_The plaintiffs’ case_**

16 Liew Hoe Peng,[note: 2] who is the third plaintiff and the eldest child of
the first plaintiff, was a witness. However, large portions of his testimony
were expunged from his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief as he deposed not to
facts but to hearsay evidence, gave his opinion of the first plaintiff’s daily
routine and how the accident probably occurred and contained submissions. His
evidence was irrelevant.

17 Another witness called by the plaintiffs whose testimony was also
irrelevant was that of Soh Lee Yong (“Soh”), the manageress of the coffee
shop. Soh[note: 3] testified that she was in Chinatown that morning when she
received a telephone call from her staff informing her of the accident. She
rushed to the scene and found the first plaintiff still lying on the road. By
then the first plaintiff had been moved from her original position by an
employee of the coffee shop. Soh stayed with the first plaintiff until an
ambulance arrived. She then accompanied the first plaintiff to the hospital.
What Soh learnt of the accident was told to her by her staff, none of whom saw
the accident themselves. Soh’s testimony was hearsay.

18 The last witness of the plaintiffs was Assistant Superintendent of Police
James Lim (“ASP Lim”) who is the head of licensing and testing in the Traffic
Police department. In compliance with the subpoena served on his department,
ASP Lim[note: 4] produced two handbooks of the Traffic Police, _viz_ the sixth
editions respectively of the _Basic Theory of Driving_ and _Advanced Theory of
Driving_.[note: 5]

19 ASP Lim testified that the handbooks provided recommendations on driving
and were not exhaustive of every driving situation that might occur. However,
although compliance with the handbooks’ recommendations was not compulsory, he
said failure to comply meant that a learner driver would not pass the theory
test for driving.

20 ASP Lim was referred to ss 111 to 115 of _Advanced Theory of Driving_
(“P2”) which sections recommended techniques on reversing. He opined that the
traffic police did not encourage driving in reverse for a long distance.
Questioned by the court, he clarified that anything more than reversing into a
parking bay should be avoided. As for a pedestrian, he agreed that the person
should look in both directions before he/she crossed a road, even in one-way
streets.

**_The defendant’s case_**

21 There were three witnesses who testified for the defendant who was also a
witness. One of them was Denny Sim (“Denny”) who was the executive director of
Crawford & Company International Pte Ltd (“Crawford”). Crawford was instructed
by the defendant’s insurers to interview the defendant, Sim and Lai and by the
defendant’s solicitors to take photographs and measurements of the accident
site. Denny[note: 6] took the photographs and measurements while his (former)
colleague Mohamed Raffi bin Sharwan (“Sharwan”) interviewed the defendant, Sim
and Lai. The photographs taken by Denny included those taken from inside the
car, to ascertain the extent of vision outside of the car.

22 Sharwan[note: 7] recorded and transcribed the statements that he had
obtained from the defendant and the defendant’s passengers. His evidence was
not particularly useful since, as stated earlier at [15], save for the
defendant, neither Sim nor Lai testified.

23 As the defendant’s version of events that transpired that fateful day has
been set out earlier (at [3] to [8]), I turn to the evidence that was adduced
from him during cross-examination.

24 The defendant said he did not see the first plaintiff before the collision.
The defendant’s evidence suffered from lack of details, was vague in several
respects and was generally unhelpful. He could not recall whether his hazard
lights were on nor where the car was dented. (The police photographs showed
the car to be dented on the right side of its rear ladder). Neither could he
recall the position of the first plaintiff when the car collided into her,
although the defendant was certain he did not run over her. The defendant also
could not remember whether he had asked his passengers for help in reversing.
However, had he seen her, the defendant asserted he would not have knocked
down the first plaintiff. The defendant appeared to want to forget the entire
episode. It could be because it was the first time he had knocked down a
pedestrian although he had previously been fined and had been given demerit
points, for knocking down a motorcyclist. (The defendant explained in cross-
examination that the previous accident took place on a wet road and his
vehicle had skidded at a traffic light).

25 Although he would not describe himself as a “regular” at the coffee shop,
the defendant had visited that place two to three times in the past six months
and after the accident, he recognised the first plaintiff as someone who had
served him previously. He agreed that he was aware the presence of a number of
food outlets along the road meant that there was a greater risk of pedestrians
crossing the road.

26 Questioned why he did not drive off into Circular Road, make a round and
return to the entrance of the road while waiting for a parking bay to be
available, the defendant explained he had parked by the roadside. If he was to
accept counsel’s suggestion and make a round, he might as well go somewhere
else. He said it did not occur to him that it would have been safer for him to
make a round and return to the entrance of the road and wait there, adjacent
to either of the first two parking bays. To get the car into the vacant bay,
the defendant would have had to reverse the length of seven to eight car park
bays. The defendant agreed such an action was not the right thing to do. The
defendant also agreed that reversing along the road was a more difficult
(albeit more convenient) process than driving off and returning to the
entrance of the road.

27 I should at this juncture make two pertinent observations. First, the
original rear mirror in the car had been replaced by a larger and broader
mirror by the defendant. Second, the defendant had learnt to drive while
serving his national service. He drove a three tonne truck as well as a
minibus while in the army. During his army days, the defendant was taught not
to look back but to rely on the side and rear view mirrors of the vehicle when
reversing. As he continued this method of reversing after his discharge from
the army, changing the rear view mirror of the car to a larger one helped to
give the defendant a better view of the back.

28 The defendant recalled he was driving at a “normal” speed (estimated to be
10–15km/h) that morning. Pressed further, the defendant said he could not
remember his speed while reversing. The defendant could not recall if the
car’s radio was on although Sim said he (Sim) was listening to music,
according to Sim’s statement to Crawford. The defendant recalled he wanted to
get into parking bay 17 which was two parking bays behind bays 14 and 15 on
the same side as the coffee shop.

29 The defendant had an expert witness. He was Christopher Curtis O’Neill
Marks (“Marks”) a professional (mechanical) engineer from New Zealand who is
also a forensic scientist and motor vehicle accident analyst. Marks was tasked
with assessing the timing relationship between the first plaintiff’s actions
and those of the defendant when the defendant decided to reverse and looked
behind to see if the road was clear to do so. Marks’ further objective was to
assess the extent to which the defendant could have viewed the first plaintiff
from the reversing stage onwards until the collision and whether the defendant
could have avoided the accident.

30 At the outset, I should point out that Marks[note: 8] visited the road
(twice) before the first hearing and, by the time of the second hearing, he
had also inspected a car of the same model as the defendant’s car. Marks took
measurements (width and length) of the road, the car and the parking bays. For
purposes of his report, Marks was provided with all the relevant documents
including the police sketch plan and photographs of the accident scene, the
police reports lodged by the defendant and his two passengers and the
statements they gave to Crawford. He noted that there were minor differences
between the measurements taken by the police and Crawford which were not
material, although Crawford was clearly wrong in its positioning of the coffee
shop _vis-à-vis_ the left parking bays. Based on the measurements he took,
Marks calculated[note: 9] the stopping distances of the car based on various
speeds it travelled or would have travelled at the material time.

31 As part of his analysis, Marks had to estimate the location of the point of
impact. He then used that point as a reference for all time and distance
relationships between the first plaintiff and the rear of the car.

32 Based on the evidence, it was Marks’ opinion that the first plaintiff left
the kerb at about the dividing line of parking bays 14 and 15, outside the
coffee shop. There would have been a gap between the vehicles parked in the
two bays for her to pass through. Marks further opined that as the first
plaintiff was not run over, the car must have stopped very quickly after the
impact. Consequently, the point of impact would very likely have been abreast
of the dividing line between parking bays 14 and 15. It was also likely to
have been within a few metres towards Circular Road from the rear of the car.
The first plaintiff was likely to have crossed the road almost at right angles

33 Using the measurements taken by the police of the distance (4.6m) across
the road between the parking bay edge markings, the width (1.4m) of the car,
the damaged area (about 0.4m on the rear left side) of the car, and the
parking bay width (2.3m), Marks calculated that the distance from the edge of
the left parking bays 14 and 15 to the damage on the car was about 2.5m. The
distance from the left kerb to the damaged area of the car was about 4.8m. He
estimated that the first plaintiff would have walked between 2.5m and 4.8m
from her first available visibility to the defendant, until she reached the
point of impact. He discounted, as having a negligible effect, any small angle
at which she might have walked across the road.

34 Marks then relied on statistics from pedestrian walking tests conducted by
Texas A & M University showing that 70% of 57 female test subjects aged
between 50 and 59 years of age (which was the first plaintiff’s age group)
would be expected to walk at between 1.31m and 1.74m per second. At that speed
range, he estimated that the first plaintiff would have walked from the edge
of parking bays 14 and 15 to the point of impact in 1.44 to 1.91 seconds.
Similarly, she would have walked from the edge of the left kerb to the point
of impact in 2.76 to 3.66 seconds nominally in 3 to 4 seconds at the most.

35 Therefore, to be detected by the defendant as a potentially emerging
hazard, the first plaintiff would have to be seen by the defendant as she
became visible to him crossing onto the road from about 3 to 4 seconds prior
to impact. If the defendant had looked and decided to reverse at more than 3
to 4 seconds prior to impact, the first plaintiff was most unlikely to have
been visible to him as a potential hazard. At any stage thereafter, the
defendant would have been able to detect the first plaintiff as she came into
view only by looking as he continued reversing.

36 In order to assess the timing relationship of the defendant’s action to
those of the first plaintiff’s, Marks had to determine the expected time that
the defendant would have taken from his last deciding look behind the car
until it started moving, together with the expected time that it would then
have taken to reach the point of impact. Based on tests he and other
researchers had conducted, Marks found that the time lapse between a driver
viewing an expected signal to proceed and a vehicle’s first movement is a
minimum of one to two seconds. This is made up of the decision time and the
implementation time each of which takes between 0.5 and 1.0 seconds. Once
moving, tests done by Marks and other researchers showed that reversing
vehicles normally accelerated at 0.05 to 0.10 g (where g = 9.8m/s²) up to a
speed of 5km/h to 15km/h, depending on the circumstances.

37 Marks noted there was no clear evidence from the defendant or his
passengers on the location at which the car started to reverse. However, the
position of the first plaintiff after the collision showed the rear of the car
as just beyond the motorcycle parking bays on the right side. His best
estimate therefore was that the car stopped with its rear one to two parking
bays beyond the motorcycle parking bays. The car would then have travelled 5m
to 10m from this location to the point of impact. After listening to the oral
evidence, Marks revised these distances to between one and a half and two
parking bays’ lengths. His measurement of the length of one parking bay lot
was 5.2m,[note: 10] as against Crawford’s measurement of 5.4m. The distance
travelled by the reversing car would therefore range from 7.8m to 8.1m and
10.4m to 10.8m. At an acceleration of 0.05 to 0.10 g, the car would have
travelled 10m in 6.39 seconds and reached a speed of about 11km/h according to
Marks’ calculations. Given his earlier calculations, the time lapse from the
moment the defendant last looked back to the point of impact was likely to be
between 4.19 and 8.39 seconds, nominally 4 to 8 seconds minimum.

38 The next issue which Marks addressed was reversing technique. He opined
that drivers of vehicles have limited options for detecting emerging
pedestrians. In order to monitor left and right and behind, it was necessary
for a driver to carry out a repeated scanning sequence of all three
directions. Twisting around while driving was both awkward and of limited
scope. It was difficult to see directly behind and to the right of a vehicle
by twisting to the left. The same problem existed if twisting to the right.

39 Marks opined that using the rear view mirrors was likely to give a better
ability to monitor the views to the left, right and behind provided the
mirrors covered the necessary fields. He added that the use of rear view
mirrors while reversing would more likely detect an emerging pedestrian in the
circumstances of this accident than twisting around to look behind. Further,
tests have shown that drivers take at least about 0.5 second to switch between
views and at least 1.0 second to dwell upon each view when checking for
possible objects. Thus the minimum elapsed time between repeats of any
particular view amongst the three required for the defendant when reversing
was about 3.5 to 4.5 seconds.

40 Therefore, if the defendant had maintained a continuous sequence of
monitoring the back by the car’s rear view mirrors, he could have completely
missed detecting the first plaintiff from the moment she left the kerb outside
the coffee shop and came into view until the impact occurred. This would apply
to any normal attentive driver reversing in the same circumstances. Earlier
detection of the first plaintiff’s presence would only occur if the view
scanning sequence happened to coincide with her coming into view after she
stepped off the kerb, while the defendant was looking to the left. If the
defendant had seen the first plaintiff, a reaction time of at least about 1.0
second would be expected before he started braking. At the estimated speed of
11km/h and an expected braking deceleration of 0.7 g, it would have taken
about 0.45 second to stop. Therefore, in order to avoid the collision by
stopping, the defendant’s detection of the first plaintiff would have to occur
about 1.5 seconds prior to the car’s rear reaching the impact location. At
that stage, the first plaintiff would have either been at or just past the
parking bay edge markings. The defendant would have had no more than about 3.0
seconds to look in her direction and detect her. This was less than the
scanning repetition time and thus could have been achieved only by chance. On
the available evidence, the impact most probably occurred after a reversing
movement of 5m to 10m. The most probable cause was the first plaintiff failing
to detect the reversing car as she crossed the road.

41 While he agreed that the technique recommended by the traffic police in ss
112 to 115 of the handbook (P2) was a correct method of reversing, Marks
qualified his answer by pointing out that it was not the only correct method.

42 As for the defendant’s act of reversing down a one-way street with vehicles
parked on both sides, Marks seemed to think there was nothing wrong. He opined
that reversing a short distance to reach a parking bay being vacated was
essential because the road width was such that clearance ahead of the vacating
vehicle was required. However, he acknowledged that if reversing in a one-way
street was prohibited under Singapore law (of which he was not familiar), then
the defendant would have been responsible for a transgression that led to the
collision.

**The findings**

43 Whilst I do not doubt Marks’ credentials as an expert, his report was an
_ex post facto_ surmise of what was likely to have happened at and before the
collision. The court had no reliable eyewitness account of what actually
transpired. The first plaintiff could not testify while the defendant’s
oftentimes vague testimony did little to throw light on the distance and speed
at which he reversed the car before it hit the first plaintiff.

44 The best evidence before the court on the collision was the damage to the
car itself. It was not in dispute that the damage was not serious but only a
shallow dent to the right of the ladder at the left side of the rear. This was
consistent with the police report lodged by Nurrizah bte Khalil who said she
saw the first plaintiff hit her head on a metal ladder at the back of the
vehicle. Unfortunately, as stated earlier at [15], Nurrizah was not called to
testify. Counsel for the plaintiffs informed the court[note: 11] that Nurrizah
had migrated to Boston in America while the van driver, Tham, was not in
Singapore during the trial period. With greater effort (albeit at some cost in
the case of Nurrizah) these witnesses could and should have been called by the
plaintiffs to testify. My comment would equally apply to Sim (who was in Hong
Kong at the time of trial) and to Lai who was doing his national service. It
was not for counsel for the defendant or the defendant, but for the court, to
decide whether the evidence of Sim or Lai was material.

45 It was Marks’ opinion (which I accept) that the low impact and slight
damage to the car coupled with the absence of skid marks were consistent with
the defendant’s testimony that he had reacted to Lai’s warning and had braked
before the impact. As a result, the first plaintiff was not run over and she
did not sustain lower leg injuries. Yet the first plaintiff was and is still
comatose. Why? I believe the injuries to the first plaintiff resulted from her
head hitting the car’s body and/or ladder and then hitting the road when she
fell to the ground. At this juncture, I should point out that none of the
medical reports pleaded in para 16 of the Statement of Claim were annexed to
the pleadings nor did they appear in any of the bundles of documents produced
in court.

46 Why did the defendant not see the first plaintiff? The likely explanation
was because she came within the blind spots of the car when she attempted to
cross the road. When she eventually came into the defendant’s view (confirmed
by Lai’s warning) it was too late. Photographs taken by Denny from
Crawford[note: 12] showed that a significant blind spot was created by the
left rear corner structure and that a greater blind spot was created by the
right rear corner structure of the car, the right structure being wider than
that on the left side.

47 The car’s blind spots were exacerbated by the height of the car which was
1.691m.[note: 13] Marks’ inspection[note: 14] of a car of the same model as
the defendant’s car revealed that the height of the lower edge of the rear
window was 1.1m laden. The driver’s seat measured from road level to the
bottom of the rear window was similar. Consequently, any object or part
thereof that was lower than that height would not be seen when close to the
car.

**The issue**

48 The only issue that needs to be determined in this case is who caused the
collision? The accident was a tragedy as far as the first plaintiff’s family
was concerned. The other four plaintiffs are understandably aggrieved and hold
the defendant responsible for the first plaintiff’s present unfortunate
condition from which she is unlikely to recover.

**The law**

49 At law, the burden is on the plaintiffs to prove that the defendant was
negligent in order to succeed in this action. In this regard, the plaintiffs’
reliance on the maxim _res ipsa loquitar_ in their opening statement is
misconceived. _Res ipsa loquitar_ is only applicable where the facts proved
are more consistent with negligence on the part of the defendant than with
other causes. As was rightly pointed out in the defendant’s submissions, the
burden is on the plaintiffs to prove there was negligence on the part of the
defendant, which negligence caused the collision between the car and the first
plaintiff. It is only when the plaintiffs have proved a _prima facie_ case of
negligence on the part of the defendant that the evidential burden then shifts
to the defendant to negative his liability by proving it was an inevitable
accident, as pleaded in the Defence.

50 What then is the duty of care on the part of the defendant as a motorist?
According to _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed,
2001) at para 9-186:

[T]he duty of a person who either drives or rides a vehicle on the highway is
to use reasonable care to avoid causing damage to persons, vehicles or
property of any kind on or adjoining the highway. In this connection,
reasonable care means the care which an ordinarily skilful driver or rider
would have exercised, under all the circumstances, and connotes an “avoidance
of excessive speed, keeping a good look-out, observing traffic rules and
signals and so on.”

The above principles were culled from various cases cited by the learned
authors.

51 The learned authors then went on to say (at para 9-219):

It is the duty of the driver or rider of a vehicle to keep a good look out.
Indeed, a driver will be held negligent if he fails to notice in time that the
actions of another person have created a potential danger. He must look out
for other traffic, which is or may be expected to be on the road, whether in
front of him, behind him or alongside him, especially at crossroads, junctions
and bends.

52 There is a corresponding duty on the part of pedestrians as road users as
can be seen from the following passage (at para 9-231) from the same textbook:

Where pedestrians seek to cross the road either near to or at places other
than pedestrian crossings, they have no specific precedence and the
responsibility for causing an accident more often than not will be shared
between the pedestrian and the vehicle driver. Nevertheless, the court has
held that a pedestrian may cross a road at ay point he chooses, provided that
he takes reasonable care for his own safety. He is not obliged to cross over
the road only at an adjacent or nearby light-controlled crossing [see
_Tremayne v Hill_ [1987] RTR 131].

**The decision**

53 It was the opinion of the defence expert, Marks, that the first plaintiff
was entirely to blame for the collision. Conversely, the second to fifth
plaintiffs blamed the defendant for what had happened to the first plaintiff,
their counsel relying on _Zhang Wan Bo v Poh Kay Leong_ [2002] SGHC 274 for
his submission that the defendant was solely liable for the accident.

54 Based on the evidence adduced in court, it would appear that the following
events took place on that fateful morning of 28 March 2002:

(a) The defendant and his two passengers, Sim and Lai, arrived at the coffee
shop at about 10.05am.

(b) Finding all the parking bays occupied, the defendant decided to wait for a
bay to be vacated.

(c) While waiting for a vacant parking bay, the defendant moved the car
forward to the right side of the road ahead of the motorcycle bays while
engaging in casual conversation with his passengers.

(d) Based on the police sketch plan, the parking bay which became vacant (bay
17) necessitated the defendant having to reverse a distance of at least four
to five parking bays from where he waited.

(e) The defendant reversed the car slowly (at maybe 10–15 km/h) judging from
the absence of brake skidding marks on the road.

(f) The defendant knocked down the first plaintiff after he had reversed one
and a half to two parking bay lengths.

(g) The defendant did not see the first plaintiff before Lai’s warning.

(h) It was a light impact between the car and the first plaintiff (judging
from the slight dent to the car). Hence, the first plaintiff did not suffer
any lower leg injuries. However, it caused the first plaintiff to knock her
head on the rear body and ladder of the car and then on the road when she
fell.

(i) The first plaintiff sustained serious head injuries from the collision or,
more likely, from her fall.

55 Although the court will not lightly disregard the testimony of any credible
court expert, I am not prepared to accept the evidence of Marks without some
reservations. The fact that the plaintiffs did not challenge such expert
testimony did not mean (as the defendant rightly acknowledged in the closing
submissions) that the court must accept it without question. Granted, Marks
was very thorough in his investigations – he inspected the road and a car of
the same model as the defendant’s car, took measurements of both, and reworked
(retrospectively based on various data) to the best of his abilities the
possible speeds (and distances) at which the defendant could have reversed the
car at the material time. Marks then relied on empirical data to estimate the
speed at which the first plaintiff would have walked just before the
collision. He then concluded that the defendant could not see the first
plaintiff in time to avoid knocking into her; she was thus to blame.

56 There was a glaring omission in Marks’ report. I find that he was too eager
to absolve the defendant from liability and in the process forgot his role as
an independent expert. Marks overlooked the fact that the defendant (by his
own admission) attempted to reverse a fairly long distance (more than the
recommended one to two parking bay lengths according to ASP Lim’s testimony)
to get into the vacant parking bay. In my view, a reasonable driver would not
have attempted to reverse such a distance to get into the vacant parking bay.
It was not a valid defence for the defendant to say that it was inconvenient
for him to make a round by driving out of and back to the entrance of the road
again to get into parking bay 17. Such laziness cannot be overlooked; it was a
contributing factor to the accident.

57 In the closing submissions of the defendant, it was argued that he was
lawfully reversing the car when the first plaintiff suddenly emerged, and the
collision was an inevitable accident. I have difficulties accepting this
submission in the light of my observation in [56] above. Marks himself
testified that there were blind spots in the car which would prevent the
defendant from having an unobstructed rear view when he reversed the car, be
it by relying solely on the rear and side mirrors (as recommended by Marks) or
by a combination of looking through the rear view mirror and looking back (as
recommended in the traffic police’s handbook P2). That being the case, a
reasonable and prudent driver would not have reversed almost the entire length
of the road to get into a parking bay.

58 At the same time, I have no doubt that the first plaintiff was equally to
blame. Counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that there was no evidence to
support the conclusion put forth by the defendant’s closing submission that
she had stepped suddenly into the road and that the first plaintiff had failed
to exercise due caution for her own safety when she crossed the road. With
respect, I disagree. Why else would she not have seen the car and a station
wagon at that, being reversed?

59 There is no provision in the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) or in
its regulations or in our Highway Code (Cap 276, R 11, 1990 Rev Ed) that puts
the onus solely on motorists to look out for pedestrians. At law, there is a
corresponding duty on the part of pedestrians to watch out for oncoming
traffic. Indeed, r 7 of the Highway Code specifically exhorts pedestrians not
to step into the road suddenly without looking. According to ASP Lim, that
duty equally applies in one-way streets. It also cannot be disputed that it is
usually easier for a pedestrian to see a reversing vehicle than _vice versa_
(because every vehicle has its blind spots and a vehicle is a large object)
unless the pedestrian’s view is blocked, or he or she is not alert.

60 I have no doubt that the first plaintiff suddenly stepped out onto the road
from the kerb on the left side of the road. She did so by making her way
through a gap between the vehicles parked outside the coffee shop and failed
to look out for traffic in the process. Otherwise, she could not have missed
seeing the car being reversed by the defendant.

61 It serves no purpose to rely on case law to determine liability in this
action as the fact situation in every case is different. Consequently,
counsel’s reliance on _Zhang Wan Bo v Poh Kay Leong_ ([53] _supra_) to say
that the defendant should be liable is misplaced. Granted that in that case,
the accident took place along the same road, but the court there upheld the
plaintiff’s claim because there were witnesses (including the plaintiff’s
wife) who testified that the plaintiff had moved aside to avoid the
defendant’s car when it passed him. The defendant’s car had then stopped and
reversed, hitting the plaintiff in the process.

**Conclusion**

62 Applying the legal principles enunciated in _Charlesworth & Percy_ ([50]
_supra_) to the facts, I find that the first plaintiff and the defendant were
equally liable for the accident. There will be interlocutory judgment for the
plaintiffs with costs based on 50% liability. The Registrar is directed to
assess damages and the costs thereof are reserved to the Registrar.

  

* * *

[note: 1]At AB2.

[note: 2]PW3.

[note: 3]PW2.

[note: 4]PW1.

[note: 5]See exhibits P1 and P2.

[note: 6]DW2.

[note: 7]DW3.

[note: 8]DW4.

[note: 9]See D3.

[note: 10]See D4.

[note: 11]N/E 119.

[note: 12]See AB45 to 52.

[note: 13]See AB86.

[note: 14]N/E 118.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

