Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohamed Hiraz Hassim v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 23

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 1/2005, MA 138/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wan Mew Lin Margaret (Braddell Brothers) for the appellant; Janet Wang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohamed Hiraz Hassim — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Customs Act – Importation of gemstones
into Singapore – Whether appellant liable to pay Goods and Services Tax upon
importation and before goods removed from customs control – Section 27(1)(a)
Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Whether
conviction unsafe – Whether court should exercise powers of criminal revision
– Whether alleged dispute over monetary value of imported goods resulting in
serious injustice – Section 268 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Benchmark sentences – Whether sentence manifestly excessive – Whether correct
base figure used in determining amount of fine – Whether median fine should
have been imposed – Whether fine imposed consistent with benchmark sentence  
  
Revenue Law – Goods and services tax (gst) – Fraudulent evasion of GST –
Whether appellant liable to pay GST upon importation of gemstones into
Singapore – Whether known or designated buyer for imported goods necessary
before appellant liable to pay GST – Section 8(4)Goods and Services Tax Act
(Cap 117A, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

1 February 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of District Judge Aedit Abdullah
(“the judge”) in District Arrest Case No 38587 of 2004. The appellant, Mohamed
Hiraz Hassim, pleaded guilty to a charge of fraudulent evasion of goods and
services tax (“GST”) on 66 lots of gemstones, an offence punishable under s
130(1)(f)(i) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed). The appellant was
sentenced to a fine of $25,000.00, with four months’ imprisonment in default.

2 The charge against the appellant was as follows:

You, Mohamed Hiraz Hassim, Male, 30 years old, Sri Lankan, Passport No.
N1293233, are charged that you on or about the 24th day of August 2004, at
about 9.40 pm, at the Arrival Hall Customs Duty Office, Changi Airport
Terminal 1, Singapore, were concerned in the fraudulent evasion of Goods &
Services Tax (GST), to wit, $1,664, by submitting an invoice which showed an
incorrect value for payment of GST on 66 Lots of Gemstones imported into
Singapore from Bangkok by flight no. TG 421, the amount of GST evaded being
the difference between the actual GST payable of $2,164.15 and the GST of
$500.00 paid vide POS Receipt No. 01889 dated 24 August 2004, and you have
thereby, by virtue of Sections 26 and 77 of the Goods and Services Tax Act
(Cap 117A), paragraph 3 of the Goods and Services Tax (Application of
Legislation Relating to Customs and Excise Duties) Order (Cap 117A, Order 4)
and paragraph 2 of the Goods and Services (Application of Customs Act)
(Provisions on Trials, Proceedings, Offences and Penalties) Order (Cap 117A,
Order 5), committed an offence under section 130(1)(f) of the Customs Act
punishable under section 130(1)(f)(i) of the same Act.

3 On appeal, the appellant argued that the fine imposed was manifestly
excessive. In addition, the appellant filed a petition for criminal revision
against his conviction. I dismissed both the petition and appeal, and set out
my reasons below.

**The Statement of Facts**

4 In the proceedings below, a Statement of Facts (“SOF”) was read to the
appellant, and the appellant admitted to the contents of the SOF without
qualification. The SOF read as follows:

PP v Mohamed Hiraz Hassim – DAC 38587/2004

1\. Accused is Mohamed Hiraz Hassim, 30 years old, Male, Sri Lankan National,
Passport No. N 1293233.

2\. On 25 August 2004, at about 4.00 a.m., accused was placed under arrest at
Customs, Special Investigation Branch office at 21 Keppel Road Singapore, for
fraudulent evasion of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).

Facts Pertaining to the Charge

3\. On 24 August 2004 at about 9.40 pm, Customs officers on duty at the
Customs Duty Office Arrival Hall, Changi Airport Terminal 1 were approached by
the accused to pay the GST on his goods consisting of 66 lots of gemstones.
The accused had brought these goods into Singapore from Bangkok, Thailand, on
Flight No. TG 421 for sale to a Singapore client. For purposes of enabling the
Customs officer to assess the GST to be paid on the goods, the accused handed
over to him one unnumbered invoice dated 24 August 2004 which purported to
reflect their total value as being $10,000, based on the value the GST amount
of $500 that was collected from him.

4\. After the payment of GST, the officers examined the gemstones and
suspected that the value given might be underdeclared. Upon questioning, the
accused admitted that he had suppressed the value of the 66 lots of gemstones
and that their actual value is $43,282.75. He was detained.

5\. Investigations revealed that the accused under declared the value of the
gemstones he presented to Customs with the intention of paying a lower amount
of GST.

6\. Based on the actual value of $43,282.75, the GST payable on the gemstones
was $2,164.15. The amount evaded is the difference between the amount payable
and paid, i.e., $1,664.14.

**The decision below**

5 The judge accepted the appellant’s plea of guilt and imposed a fine of
$25,000.00 (with four months’ imprisonment in default). The appellant paid the
fine.

**Issues on revision and appeal**

6 The appellant filed a petition for criminal revision, claiming that his
conviction had been “unsafe”. In addition, the appellant argued that the
sentence imposed was manifestly excessive. I shall deal with the issue of
criminal revision first, followed by the issue of sentencing.

**_Principles governing revision_**

7 The revisionary powers of the High Court are conferred by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) and s 268 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). Pursuant to such
powers, the High Court has the discretion to exercise any of the powers
conferred by ss 251, 255, 256 and 257 of the CPC, which include reviewing a
conviction passed by the lower courts.

8 The principles governing revision are set out in the case of _Ang Poh Chuan
v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, where I held at 330, [17]:

Thus various phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that _there must be some serious injustice_. Of course
there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious
injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide
discretion vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on
the particular facts. But _generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below_.

[emphasis added]

9 In the case of _PP v Lee Wei Zheng Winston_ [2002] 4 SLR 33, I elaborated on
examples of what constituted “serious injustice”. These included cases where a
judge exceeded his powers: _PP v Nyu Tiong Lam_ [1996] 1 SLR 273; where there
was inconsistency in sentencing for two or more offenders participating in the
same offence: _PP v Ramlee_ [1998] 3 SLR 539; and where the Statement of Facts
did not disclose all the necessary elements of the offence but the petitioner
pleaded guilty anyway: _Abdul Aziz bin Ahtam v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 96; see also
_Chen Hock Heng Textile Printing Pte Ltd v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 745. In addition,
the court’s powers of revision were exercised when the petitioner pleaded
guilty to a wrong charge and was erroneously convicted of a charge which
attracted a heavier punishment: _PP v Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1
SLR 573.

10 As I held in _Ng Kim Han v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 293 at [15], the fact that
petitioners pleaded guilty of their own accord could not be a bar to the
exercise of revisionary power. Rather, the fact that a plea of guilt has been
entered will mean that the accused loses his right to appeal against the
conviction pursuant to s 244 of the CPC. In such a situation, an application
by way of criminal revision will be the only means by which the accused can
have a wrongful conviction set aside.

11 However, the court’s powers of revision are exercised sparingly, and only
if the court is satisfied that some serious injustice has been caused which
warrants the exercise of its powers of revision. As I held in _Teo Hee Heng v
PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168 at [7], “It is certainly not the purpose of a criminal
revision to become a convenient form of ‘backdoor appeal’ against conviction
for accused persons who had pleaded guilty to their charges.”

12 In the present appeal, the burden fell squarely on the appellant to show
that he had suffered some serious injustice. In my view, he failed to do so.

_The appellant’s argument on the scope of the GST_

13 The appellant argued that the movement of the goods from Bangkok to
Singapore was not a “transfer” because there was no buyer to transfer the
goods to. I found no merit in this argument. GST on the importation of goods
is charged, levied and payable as if it were customs duty or excise duty and
as if all goods imported into Singapore were dutiable and liable to customs
duty or excise duty: see s 8(4) of the Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A,
2001 Rev Ed) (“GST Act”). The term “import” in the GST Act has the same
meaning as that in s 3(1) of the Customs Act, which defines “import” to mean
“to bring or cause to be brought into the customs territory by any means, from
any place, including a free trade zone”. Customs duty (including GST) must be
paid at the time of importation before goods are removed from customs control,
pursuant to s 27(1)(a) of the Customs Act. In other words, it is not a
relevant consideration whether or not there was a known or designated buyer
for the appellant to transfer the goods to in Singapore. The appellant was
thus liable to pay GST when he imported the gemstones into Singapore.

_The value of the gemstones and the appellant’s submission that his conviction
was “unsafe”_

14 The appellant claimed that the precise value of the gemstones should have
been $10,000.00 and not $43,282.75, and it was on this basis that the
appellant claimed that his conviction had been “unsafe”. In my view, the
appellant’s argument for revision did not satisfy the requirement that there
had been some “serious injustice” done to him. I noted that the appellant
merely asserted that his conviction was “unsafe”. Indeed, not once did the
appellant claim that the alleged question as to the value of the gemstones
amounted to a “serious injustice”.

15 In any event, the facts did not support an allegation that there was some
“serious injustice”. When questioned by the customs officer, the appellant, by
his own admission, stated that the value of the gems was $43,282.75. At no
point did the appellant dispute this amount during the trial, where he pleaded
guilty and accepted the amount of $43,282.75 as recorded in the SOF. In fact,
the appellant had every opportunity to dispute the amount of $43,282.75 before
and during the trial, but he did not.

16 Furthermore, the appellant’s claim that the value of the gemstones was only
$10,000.00 (as recorded on the unnumbered invoice he gave to the customs
officials) contradicted his admission in para 4 of the SOF that he had
suppressed the value of the gemstones and that their actual value was
$43,282.75. This discredited his submission on appeal that the value of the
gemstones was only $10,000.00. In view of the appellant’s unequivocal
acceptance of the SOF and his plea of guilt, the appellant’s entire argument
in relation to the value of the gemstones was therefore relevant only to the
question of sentencing, and not to the validity of his plea of guilt and
conviction.

17 In terms of the petition for revision, the appellant’s submissions in
relation to the value of the gemstones had no bearing on the essential
elements of the offence that were necessary for his conviction. As I held in
_Ngian Chin Boon v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 119 at [10], the very scope of these
powers of revision obliges the court to act with great circumspection, and the
petitioner must not be allowed to rely on criminal revision as a backdoor
means of appeal in cases where no appeal would lie. As I emphasised in the
Court of Appeal decision in _Mok Swee Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140 at 146, [15],
the High Court should only exercise its powers of revision “where it is
manifestly plain that the offence charged is nowhere disclosed in the
statement of facts tendered”. Here, the SOF clearly disclosed that the
appellant committed the offence of fraudulently evading GST. The appellant
himself admitted in para 4 of the SOF that he had undervalued the gems he was
importing. The only item that the appellant sought to dispute (_ie_ the
precise monetary value of the gemstones) bore no relation to his admission and
plea of guilt.

18 For the above reasons, I dismissed the appellant’s petition for criminal
revision.

**_Whether the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive_**

19 On the issue of sentencing, the appellant argued that the fine of
$25,000.00 was manifestly excessive because the judge used “the wrong base
figure to calculate GST payable by the appellant”. In my view, the appellant’s
argument on sentence was completely unmeritorious.

20 The appellant argued that the value of the gems for GST purposes “must be
the price of the goods upon transfer in Bangkok” (_ie_ $10,000.00) as
reflected on the unnumbered invoice that he had initially presented to the
customs officers. However, that purported invoice lent little or no weight to
his appeal because, after showing it to the customs officers, the appellant
himself admitted that the amount of $10,000.00 on the invoice was at an
undervalue, and that the actual value of the gemstones was $43,282.75. This
totally undermined his assertion on appeal that the invoice of $10,000.00
represented a genuine figure for determining the value of the gemstones.

21 The value of imported goods imported at a price is, for the purposes of
GST, determined pursuant to s 18 of the GST Act, which provides:

**Value of imported goods**

18\. —(1) For the purposes of this Act and subject to the Third Schedule, the
value of imported goods shall be determined in accordance with this section.

(2) If the goods are imported at a price in money payable as on a transfer of
the property, there being no other consideration, the value is an amount equal
to the price, plus (so far as not already included) —

(a) all taxes, duties and other charges levied either outside or, by reason of
importation, within Singapore (except goods and services tax); and

(b) all costs by way of commission, packing, transport and insurance and all
other costs, charges and expenses incidental to the sale and the delivery of
the goods up to the port or place of importation.

(3) Where subsection (2) does not apply, the value of the goods is their open
market value as determined in accordance with any written law relating to the
valuation of goods for customs purposes, plus (so far as not already included
in that value) all such taxes, duties, charges and costs as are specified in
subsection (2) (_a_) and (_b_) unless the Comptroller in his discretion
determines that the value of the goods is an amount equal to the price as
stated in the invoice plus the taxes, duties, charges and costs as specified
in subsection (2) (_a_) and (_b_).

22 At trial, both the Prosecution and the judge had accepted the appellant’s
own statement that the price of the gemstones was $43,282.75. If there was
ever any question as to the accuracy of this figure, it was clear that neither
the Prosecution nor the judge had chosen to doubt the appellant’s claim or to
inquire further. The judge had therefore accepted the appellant’s own
statement of this fact, and proceeded to sentence the appellant on that basis.
As for the appellant, he had himself supplied the precise value of the
gemstones to the customs officer, and not once after that did he challenge
that value of $43,282.75, even though he had ample opportunity to do so prior
to his plea of guilt and sentencing. In the absence of any credible evidence
to the contrary, he should not be permitted to challenge this finding on
appeal, especially because the above figure was determined by his own
admission. Thus, I was of the view that the judge’s decision to accept the
value of $43,282.75 as the price of the gems for sentencing purposes should be
left undisturbed.

23 However, I would take this opportunity to add that it might be prudent in
these types of cases for the Prosecution to consider subjecting similar
imported goods (_eg_ the gemstones) to a proper appraisal and valuation, even
in cases where the accused has apparently admitted to a specific price under
questioning by customs officers. This will allow the value of the imported
goods to be independently verified. In my opinion, at least three potential
problems may be avoided if a proper and independent valuation of the goods is
obtained:

(a) The accused may have under declared the value of the goods even after he
has been questioned by the customs officers, and would therefore have managed
to escape an even heavier fine.

(b) The accused may have overstated the value of the goods due to his own
ignorance, and would therefore have been subjected to a greater fine than is
appropriate.

(c) The goods may have been counterfeit, or have been of a completely
different nature from what the accused and customs officers believe them to
be, and so the charges framed may have been erroneous, and an inappropriate
sentence may have been imposed.

24 Therefore, in future cases of this type, it might be prudent for either the
Prosecution or the trial judge to direct that such goods be properly appraised
and valued before deciding on the appropriate fine to impose. It may be
potentially risky for a judge to calculate the fine by relying solely on the
admission of the accused person who, by virtue of his own admission, has
already proved himself dishonest at least once.

_The sentencing benchmark_

25 The appellant claimed that the fine of $25,000.00 was by itself manifestly
excessive, and he gave the following reasons:

(a) the appellant is a first-time offender;

(b) the minimum fine is $5,000.00;

(c) the maximum fine is $33,282.80;

(d) the “median” fine is $14,141.40; and

(e) there was no aggravating factor for the judge to impose a fine on the
heavier side of the “median” figure.

26 I was not at all persuaded by the unusual line of argument adopted by the
appellant concerning the use of a so-called “median” figure for sentencing
purposes. I was of the view that the sentence imposed by the judge was not
manifestly excessive. When determining an appropriate sentence in relation to
GST offences, I held in _Chia Kah Boon v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 72 at [15] that
there are two competing considerations that the court has to take into
account:

(a) On the one hand, the fines had to be of an amount which the appellant
could reasonably pay given his financial means.

(b) On the other hand, the fines had to be fixed at a level which would be
sufficiently high to achieve the dual objectives of deterrence, in terms of
deterring both the appellant and other importers from evading GST on imported
goods in future, and retribution, in the sense of reflecting society’s
abhorrence of the offence under s 130(1)(a) of the Customs Act.

27 Here, the judge imposed a fine of $25,000.00. This was a sum slightly more
than $24,962.10, being 15 times the GST evaded (_ie_ $1,664.14 x 15). In my
view, the fine of $25,000.00 was therefore entirely in line with the benchmark
sentence of 15 times the customs duty or tax leviable which I previously
affirmed in _Moey Keng Kong v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 211 at [14]:

The benchmark of 15 times applied was also consistent with current subordinate
courts’ sentencing practice with the range of sentences currently being
imposed as between 15 to 20 times the customs duty or tax leviable.

28 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal against sentence.

Petition and appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

