Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Allied Marine Services Ltd v LMJ International Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 201

Case Number | : | Suit 672/2005, SIC 4873/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Chong and Toh Chen Han (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Allied Marine Services Ltd — LMJ International Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Mareva injunctions – Whether to grant injunction where third
parties may thereby be adversely affected – Whether offer of indemnity to
third parties adversely affected sufficient justification for granting
injunction  
  

28 October 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 This case involves an _ex parte_ application by the plaintiff, Allied Marine
Services Ltd (“AMS”), a company incorporated in Liberia, for a Mareva
injunction restraining the defendant, LMJ International Ltd (“LMJ”), a company
incorporated in India, from disposing of, dealing with or removing its assets,
and, in particular, a cargo of iron ore on board a vessel, the _Alitis_ , from
the jurisdiction.

2 In September 2003, AMS, the disponent owner of a vessel, the _Marylaki_ ,
chartered the said vessel to LMJ. Disputes between the parties with respect to
the charterparty arose. AMS commenced arbitration proceedings in London in
accordance with the terms of the charterparty, which was governed by English
law. In September 2004, the arbitrator issued an award in favour of AMS. As a
result, LMJ was required to pay AMS US$431,704.94, as well as interest on the
said sum, at the rate of 6.5% per annum from 16 October 2002 until the date of
settlement.

3 On 25 May 2005, AMS was granted leave by the English High Court to enforce
the arbitration award in the same manner as a judgment or order and to enter
judgment with respect to the terms of the award. The award remained
unsatisfied and AMS sought to enforce its rights under the award and the
English judgment in Singapore.

4 LMJ has no business presence in Singapore. AMS, relying on information that
a cargo of iron ore belonging to LMJ was on board the _Alitis_ , which was
bunkering in Singapore before proceeding on the next stage of her voyage to
China, applied for a Mareva injunction with respect to the said cargo.

5 When third party rights are unaffected by the granting of a Mareva
injunction, the court looks at the balance of convenience and justice as
between the plaintiff and defendant. However, where third parties are
involved, the court must consider the effect of such an injunction on their
rights. In _Galaxia Maritime SA v Mineralimportexport_ [1982] 1 WLR 539 (“
_The Eleftherios_ ”) at 543, Kerr LJ pointed out that where the effect of
service of such an injunction on a third party substantially interferes with
the third party’s business, the rights of the third party must always prevail
over the desire of the plaintiff to secure the ultimate recovery of debts or
damages with which the third party is in no way concerned. In similar vein,
Eveleigh LJ said at 542 that he regarded it as absolutely intolerable that the
fact that one person had a claim for a debt against another should
inconvenience third parties and affect their freedom of trading.

6 In the present case, delay and inconvenience would be suffered by the
shipowner and other cargo owners if the injunction sought by AMS is granted as
the iron ore might have to be discharged before the _Alitis_ can proceed on
the next stage of her voyage to China. The shipowner and the other cargo
owners are innocent third parties who have nothing to do with the dispute
between AMS and LMJ and there is no reason why their business interests should
be affected by the dispute in question.

7 In _The_ _Eleftherios_ , the plaintiff, who chartered its vessel to the
defendant, contended that it was entitled to US$400,000.00 for demurrage under
the charterparty. It applied for and obtained a Mareva injunction against the
defendant. One of the terms of the injunction was that the defendant be
restrained from disposing or dealing with its cargo of 11,000 tonnes of coal
on board a vessel that was owned by a third party. The plaintiff gave an
undertaking that it would provide a guarantee in respect of any loss or damage
suffered by the parties as a result of the order. The vessel, which was then
at the port of Barry in South Wales, was on a voyage charter and the shipowner
applied for the injunction to be lifted. The English Court of Appeal had no
doubt whatsoever that the injunction should be discharged. Kerr LJ explained
at 542 as follows:

To allow a plaintiff to serve a _Mareva_ injunction on a shipowner in relation
to cargo, which is owned or alleged to be owned by the defendant and which is
on board … in order to seek to prevent the ship from sailing out of the
jurisdiction with the cargo, appears to me to be a clear abuse of this
jurisdiction, because it involves an unwarrantable act of interference with
the business of the third party, the shipowner.

8 In the present case, AMS offered to furnish an indemnity of US$10,000.00 to
third parties affected by the granting of the injunction. Apart from the fact
that this is an unacceptably low amount, I do not see how the furnishing of an
indemnity can justify the inconvenience and uncertainties faced by the
shipowner and other cargo owners by the granting of the injunction sought.
Admittedly, in _Clipper Maritime Co Ltd of Monrovia v Mineralimportexport (The
Marie Leonhardt)_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 458, Robert Goff J granted a Mareva
injunction with respect to a cargo of coke that the defendants were likely to
load at the port of Barry in Wales on condition that the plaintiffs furnish an
undertaking to pay the actual income lost by the port authority of Barry as
well as the administrative costs incurred by that port authority as a
consequence of the granting of the injunction. However, that case is of no
assistance in the present case. In _The Marie Leonhardt_ , the vessel was
time-chartered by the defendants, against whom the Mareva injunction was
sought, and the consequences of any delay of the vessel would more likely have
fallen on the defendant time charterer than on the shipowner. More
importantly, _The Marie Leonhardt_ must now be viewed in the light of _The
Eleftherios_ , where Kerr LJ said at 542 that a plaintiff seeking to secure an
alleged debt or damages due from the defendant by an order preventing the
disposal of the defendant’s assets cannot possibly be entitled to obtain the
advantage of such an order for himself at the expense of the business rights
of an innocent third party merely by proferring him an indemnity in whatever
form. I thus dismissed AMS’s application for a Mareva injunction with respect
to the cargo of iron ore on board the _Alitis_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

