Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cheah Geok Tuan (alias Seah Geok Tuan) and Another v Lie Khin Sin and
Another  
[2005] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | Suit 213/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bernard Doray and Foo Soon Yien (Bernard Rada and Lee Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Loo Ngan Chor and Yeo Lih Wei (Lee and Lee) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Cheah Geok Tuan (alias Seah Geok Tuan); Ng Siok Lay — Lie Khin Sin; Lie Turng Phung Ken   
  
Credit and Security – Money and moneylenders – Loans of money – Agreement for
sale of shares with buyback option – Vendor paying stamp duties – Dividends
and bonus shares issued during option period transferred to vendor – Whether
agreement amounting to loan under guise of sale and purchase of shares  
  

11 November 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 When is an elephant a bird? The principal issue in this case concerned the
nature of a disputed contract: Was it an investment agreement or a loan? The
contract was given a descriptive name – _“_ Purchase of 154,103 Asia General
Holdings Ltd shares with Buy Back Option”. But the plaintiffs claimed that it
was in substance a loan agreement. It is important to set out the contract in
full because of the nature and importance of the issue in dispute. The
agreement was written out as follows:

May 11, 2001

To: Mdm NG SIOK LAY  
107 MARSHALL ROAD  
SINGAPORE

RE: PURCHASE OF 154,103 ASIA GENERAL HOLDINGS  
_LIMITED SHARES WITH BUY BACK OPTION._

Kindly confirm by signing below that you have agreed to transfer the subject
shares at terms and condition set out below:-

1\. CONSIDERATION: S$255,000. However, for stamp duty purposes, the sum will
be stated as S$693,463.50 on the Transfer Form.

2\. All STAMP DUTIES RELATING TO THIS TRANSACTION SHALL BE BORNED [_sic_] BY
YOU.

3\. ALL THE DIVIDEND AND BONUS ISSUES IF ANY DURING THE OPTION PERIODS SHALL
BE TRANSFERRED OR PAID (NET OF COST) TO YOU ACCORDINGLY SOONESS [_sic_].

4\. OPTION TO BUY BACK: DATE OF EXERCISED [_sic_] – AUGUST 15, 2001

CONSIDERATION PAYABLE: S$297,750.00

5\. FURTHER 3 MONTHS EXTENTION [_sic_] OF OPTION TO BUY BACK (UP TO NOV. 15)
FOR CONSIDERATION PAYABLE TO ME OF S$45,000.00

6\. AND FURTHER 3 MONTHS EXTENTION [_sic_] OF OPTION TO BUY BACK PERIOD WITH
SAME TERMS AS POINT 5 ABOVE.

Yours truly,

__________Sgd_________

LIE TURNG PHUNG KEN

AGREE:_____Sgd_______ WITNESS:_____Sgd________

NG SIOK LAY ONG KHIAM POH

2 The agreement was ostensibly a signed contract between the second plaintiff
and the second defendant. The second plaintiff is the wife of the first
plaintiff and the second defendant is the son of the first defendant. It was
obvious from the evidence that the two contracting parties were not the real
parties to the transaction that actually took place. The second plaintiff was
a necessary party because the subject matter of the transaction was shares in
Asia General Holdings Ltd and the second plaintiff was the registered owner of
the shares. The second defendant became a party because his father decided
that he (the second defendant) should sign the contract as a trustee. The
defendants’ evidence at trial was that the second defendant signed as trustee
for one Darma Tanuwidjaya (“Darma”), allegedly, his uncle.

3  The contract, as it appeared on the written agreement, was straightforward.
The contract title stated that it was a purchase of 154,103 shares in Asia
General Holdings Ltd. The purchase price, described as the “consideration” was
$255,000. The contract was signed on 11 May 2001 and stipulated a date for the
vendor to buy back the shares at $297,750, namely, on 15 August 2001. The
buyback or redemption sum of $297,750 was calculated after a deduction of 5%
from each of the $15,000 instalments (that came to $2,250). The agreement also
gave the “vendor” a three months’ extension to repurchase the shares, provided
that she pays another $45,000 (which works out to $15,000 a month). Finally,
another three months’ extension for the repurchase would be granted on the
payment of yet another sum of $45,000.

4 The plaintiffs’ case was that the document was only the security arrangement
for a loan of $300,000, of which $45,000 was deducted upfront as interest for
the first three months of June, July and August at $15,000 a month. However,
the plaintiff received a cheque for only $250,000 because the first defendant
had used $5,000 for payment of stamp fees. The stamp fees came up to $1,387 so
a separate cheque for $3,613 being the balance was subsequently given to the
first plaintiff. The three remaining terms were also relevant. Firstly, the
agreement provided that the stamp duties payable for the transfer would be
paid by the vendor. Conventionally, however, the obligation of paying the
stamp duty in a sale of shares transaction is the obligation of the purchaser.
Secondly, it was provided that the consideration would be stated as
$693,463.50 for the purposes of stamp duty. The plaintiffs say that the
defendants found this to be necessary because the loan amount was much lower
than the real value of the shares, and therefore, the appearance of legitimacy
for the transaction that the defendants wanted, namely, a properly stamped
contract, might be frustrated by a rejection from the stamp office. In any
case, the plaintiffs say that they did not know that the defendants had
inscribed the figure $693,463.50 until after the event. Thirdly, it provided
that all dividends and bonus issues during the interim would be transferred to
the vendor. This was also contrary to conventional practice. In a conventional
sale of shares with a buyback option, dividends and bonus issues belong to the
purchaser. He could, of course, sell the bonus issues to the vendor as part of
the buyback option. But in the present case, the transfer of bonus issues back
to the vendor was subject only to cost.

5 The contract was witnessed by Ong Khiam Poh who is also known as Peter Ong.
In this regard, a typewritten telefax dated 9 May 2001 sent by the first
defendant to Peter Ong is relevant. The telefax stated:

SPOKEN TO DARMA & WILL DO THE DEAL WITH SOME MODIFICATION ON TERM PROPOSED BY
YOU & SUBJECT TO TAKE A LOOK AT THE CO’S AUDITED ACCOUNT.

INSTEAD OF TWO MONTH INTEREST PRE-DEDUCTED FROM THE ADVANCE, WILL DEDUCT THE
WHOLE THREE MONTH [_sic_] IE. $45,000. HOWEVER, 3 MONTHS INTEREST (15%) ON THE
$15,000 WILL ALSO BE DEDUCTED FROM THE REPAYMENT IE. INSTEAD OF REPAYING
$300,000, WILL REPAY $297,750 ($15,000 x 15%) AT THE END OF THIRD MONTH,
MATURING DATE.

BORROWER WILL PAY $45,000 FOR THE EXTENTION OF 3 MONTHS OPTION TO BUYBACK THE
SHARES IF REQUIRED.

IF NEED FURTHER CLARIFICATION, PL CALL.

In reply, Peter Ong wrote in his own hand the words: “Dear Mr K.S. Lie, Mr
William Seah [the first plaintiff] accepts your proposal, confirm _._ ” and
sent it back to the first defendant. The first plaintiff and Peter Ong
testified in court that this telefax contained the terms of the loan that
Peter Ong, a mutual friend, brokered between the first plaintiff and the first
defendant. The language of this telefax was the language of a loan. It
referred to the deduction of the three months’ interest, and more importantly,
referred to the “borrower”. Although it also referred to an extension of time
for a “buyback”, the issue before me was whether the contract was a loan
agreement made to appear like a sale and buyback agreement. Hence, it was not
unexpected to see features of a sale and buyback document. The more important
question was whether there were features of a loan. It was not disputed that
the contract was made pursuant to this telefax of 9 May 2001.

6 It will now be appropriate to examine the oral evidence of the respective
parties. The first plaintiff’s evidence was as follows. Sometime in March 2001
he asked Peter Ong to help him raise $300,000 for his business. He handed
Peter Ong a copy of the annual report of the Asia General Holdings Ltd for the
year 1999 and a copy of a share certificate in that company for 154,103 shares
in the name of the second plaintiff. He also gave Peter Ong a copy of a
certificate of stamp duty indicating that on 22 March 2000 the second
plaintiff had sold 25,000 shares in the Asia General Holdings Ltd for $175,000
or $7.00 a share. Peter Ong then told the first plaintiff that he had given
these documents to the first defendant who was prepared to consider giving a
loan to him. Peter Ong then arranged a meeting in which the first plaintiff,
the first defendant and himself met at the Orchard Hotel. The first plaintiff
told the first defendant at this meeting that he had 30,000 shares to sell at
$8 a share. The first defendant said that he was not interested in buying the
shares.

7 About two months later, in May 2001, the first plaintiff told Peter Ong to
ask if the first defendant would consider lending him $300,000 instead at a
fair interest rate and with two months’ interest deducted upfront. Peter Ong
telephoned the first plaintiff on 9 May 2001 and told him about the terms that
the first defendant wanted. The first plaintiff accepted the terms although at
that time he had not been told that he had to bear the cost of transfer of the
shares now that the shares had to be formally transferred by the second
plaintiff.

8 On 11 May 2001, the first plaintiff met the first defendant and Peter Ong at
the first plaintiff’s office. The first defendant arrived with various
documents including two unsigned letters dated 11 May 2001 by the second
defendant to the second plaintiff, and a letter of acknowledgement dated May
2001 from the second plaintiff addressed to the second defendant. The first
plaintiff asked the first defendant not to register the transfer of the shares
so as to avoid incurring unnecessary expenses, but the first defendant
insisted on effecting the transfer. The first plaintiff then obtained the
signatures from his wife, the second plaintiff, and gave them together with
the share certificate No B8355 for 154,103 shares in Asia General Holdings Ltd
to the first defendant on 15 May 2001. The first defendant produced a letter
dated 14 May 2001 addressed to the second defendant and asked that the first
plaintiff sign it. It was a letter acknowledging that the first plaintiff had
received the sum of $438,463.50 on behalf of the second plaintiff. The first
plaintiff subsequently realised that this amount added to the sum of $255,000
paid to the second plaintiff amounted to the figure of $693,463.50 which was
the consideration stated in the transfer form.

9 The first plaintiff paid a total of six months’ interest at $15,000 a month,
and then stopped paying altogether after he had unsuccessfully tried through
letters of 10 December 2001 and 5 February 2002 to get the interest rate
reduced. The first plaintiff spoke to Peter Ong in August 2004 and asked him
to persuade the first defendant to reduce the interest rate so that the first
plaintiff could repay the loan and redeem his wife’s shares. After “many
rounds of discussions and meetings” Peter Ong told him that the first
defendant would transfer the shares back for $450,000 in a buyback
transaction. The first plaintiff told Peter Ong that he would accept that
offer, and a lunch meeting was thus arranged for 6 September 2004 at a
restaurant in Suntec City. At that meeting, the first defendant brought along
a friend called Kenny Lim, who was also known to Peter Ong. The first
plaintiff told the first defendant that he wanted the transaction to be
concluded through lawyers. The first defendant agreed and told the first
plaintiff that his lawyers were Tan Chye Kwee & Co. On the same day the first
plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to Tan Chye Kwee & Co but received a reply
stating that they (Tan Chye Kwee & Co) had no instructions to act for the
first defendant. The first plaintiff was subsequently told by Peter Ong that
the first defendant had come to know of a letter from the Asia General
Holdings Ltd to its shareholders that there were interested parties willing to
pay $12 per share and that he was not willing to sell the shares back to the
plaintiff for $450,000. Consequently, the plaintiffs brought this action
against the defendants.

10 The second plaintiff testified that she had inherited the shares in Asia
General Holdings Ltd but she agreed to let her husband use them as security
for a loan to be taken for his business. Apart from the fact that she had to
sign the various documents referred to, she was not involved in the
transaction at all.

11  The defendants’ version of the transaction was as follows. The first
defendant testified that he was a real estate businessman and the father of
the second defendant. He was asked by Peter Ong in February or March 2001 if
he was interested in purchasing some shares in an unlisted public company. The
first defendant said that he was not interested but Peter Ong was “quite
persistent” so he agreed. He met the first plaintiff and Peter Ong at the
Copthorne Orchid Hotel where he was shown a certificate of stamp duty of a
previous sale of the shares in the company in question, that is, Asia General
Holdings Ltd. The first plaintiff also showed the company accounts to the
first defendant but the latter was “not impressed”. The first defendant
testified that in late April or early May, which was about two months after
his meeting with Peter Ong and the first plaintiff, Peter Ong approached him
again and said that the first plaintiff needed cash urgently, and suggested
various alternatives to the first defendant, including a loan to be given to
the first plaintiff using the latter’s shares as security. The first defendant
was still not interested.

12 The first defendant testified that after that second effort, Peter Ong
approached him again. This time the first defendant wondered if it was Peter
Ong himself who needed the money. He told the latter that if he were indeed
the true borrower he would be more inclined to help. Although the actual words
the first defendant deposed in his affidavit at para 7 were “I asked Peter if
it was really himself who had found a good business opportunity – perhaps
something pertaining to the timber industry – in which case I would be more
amenable to helping him,” he had stated that a loan was one of the
alternatives suggested by Peter Ong. However, his evidence continued abruptly
with a further suggestion by Peter Ong that the first defendant ask his cousin
Darma. At this point the first defendant thought that Peter Ong must have a
“substantial interest in the deal” and he told Peter Ong that he would check
with Darma but warned him that the “costs of funds in Indonesia were higher
than that of Singapore”.

13 A few days after that, Peter Ong reverted with a proposal from the first
plaintiff to sell 150,000 shares at $270,000 with an option to buy them back
at $300,000 after two months, and, just in case the first plaintiff was unable
to re-purchase the shares in two months, a further three months’ extension of
the option. In the circumstances, the first plaintiff would be “willing to pay
S$15,000 for each additional monthly extension”. The first defendant conceded
that Peter Ong actually used terms such as “an advance of S$270,000” and
“interest of S$15,000”. According to the first defendant, he then discussed
the proposal with Darma but he (Darma) doubted that the first plaintiff would
have the means to re-purchase the shares; in which event, he (Darma) would be
left with “illiquid shares”. Darma therefore asked that the price for the
shares be lowered to $255,000, but left the details to be sorted out by the
first defendant. The first defendant claimed that Darma trusted him because
they grew up together.

14 The first defendant then despatched the telefax dated 9 May 2001 (set out
at [5] above). He testified:

To accommodate Darma’s request for a lower selling price ie S$255,000, I
suggested that the buy-back option be extended to three months instead.
However, to be fair to [the first plaintiff] and to compensate him for the
loss of interest on having S$15,000 less cash over three months, I proposed
that S$2,250 (5% per month of S$15,000) be deducted from [the first
plaintiff’s] buy-back price.

The first defendant confirmed Peter Ong’s evidence that he (Peter Ong) sent
back an acceptance of the terms by the first plaintiff, and also sent the
company’s annual reports. The first defendant testified that he told Darma
that given the first plaintiff’s urgent need for funds it would not be
convenient to transfer the shares to his (Darma’s) name. The first defendant
testified that as he was in the midst of divorce proceedings, it would not be
convenient to use his name either, so he suggested that the shares be
transferred to the second defendant. He testified, however, that it was the
first plaintiff’s idea to have the contract documents reflect the sum of
$693,463.50 as the selling price, a point disputed by the first plaintiff.

15  The first plaintiff did not exercise the buyback option and nothing
happened (other than his having paid $90,000 on what he said were interest
payments) until 6 September 2004 when he tried to recover his wife’s shares
from the defendants. When the defendants refused to return the shares the
plaintiffs commenced the present action. In the light of the narrative just
set out, I now proceed to consider the key issue: Was the contract document of
11 May 2001 a contract for the sale and purchase of shares as it declared in
its title or was it a contract for a loan? Another way of looking at the true
issue for determination is to ask whether the written agreement of 11 May 2001
was indeed the contract between the parties, which would be the defendants’
case, or whether it was merely a document designed and intended to conceal the
true agreement, which would be the plaintiffs’ case.

16 If the agreement of 11 May 2001 was examined on its own without any
extraneous evidence one would say that it was probably a passable contract for
the sale of shares with a buyback option. However, the plaintiffs’ case was
not based on that contract, but on an oral contract for a loan. Their case was
that the written agreement of 11 May 2001 was a device by the first defendant
to disguise the loan agreement, which was the true agreement between the
parties. In that regard, having considered the testimonies of all the material
witnesses, I accept the plaintiffs’ version as the more probable one. Apart
from my acceptance of the plaintiffs and Peter Ong’s evidence, the two other
main factors that inclined me to this view were, first, the written agreement
itself, though worded to reflect a sale of shares agreement, contained
features that were alien to a conventional sale of shares (with buyback
option) agreement. Conventionally, stamp duties are payable by the purchaser.
It is a convention that could be departed from by an express agreement, but no
reason was given to explain the departure from the norm in this case. Another
unusual feature is that the defendant-purchaser agreed to transfer all
dividends and bonus issues back to the plaintiff-seller should she exercise
her buyback option. Ordinarily, dividends and bonus issues belong to the
registered owner. In this case, the second defendant was the registered owner
and remains so until the shares are transferred back. There was no explanation
for this unusual term. Finally, the consideration for the buyback is
conventionally a fixed sum or a stated formula for calculating the value at
the time of the exercise of the option. In this case, the consideration was
fixed at $297,750 which included interest at $15,000 a month. And that is
consistent with the cost of extending the option period fixed at $45,000 for
three months, renewable for a further three months at the same cost. It was
the plaintiffs’ case that the loan agreement was made subject to payment of
$15,000 interest per month on the principal sum of the loan of $300,000 after
deducting $45,000 and the stamp fees.

17 The second major factor that inclined me towards accepting the plaintiffs’
case was that all the other ancillary and supporting evidence, such as the
documents other than the 11 May 2001 agreement itself, and the testimonies of
the witnesses, were preponderantly more credible when examined against the
plaintiffs’ case than when examined against the defendants’ version. The
second most important document in this case was the telefax of 9 May 2001 that
the first defendant sent to Peter Ong. The express reference to “interest”
payments and to the “borrower” indicated very much the context in which the
deal or transaction was being struck through Peter Ong. The latter testified
in court, and was unshaken under cross-examinations that it was indeed a loan
transaction which he helped to broker between the first defendant and first
plaintiff. I accept the first plaintiff’s evidence as well as that of Peter
Ong that the sum of $693,463.50 written as the consideration on the transfer
form was written by the first plaintiff on the instructions of the first
defendant.

18 The use of Darma as the provider of funds whether as a loan or for
investment purposes was an unusual connection. The burden was on the
defendants to explain what Darma’s role was but it was an explanation that was
much weaker in comparison to the case put forward by the plaintiff. It was
clear to me that the first defendant was the key person from the defendants’
side. Darma, like the second defendant, was only a supporting figure. The
defendants’ case was that Darma was the true owner of the funds and he had
invested them through the first defendant. But as it transpired, the shares
were purchased and transferred into the name of the second defendant. In any
event, I accept the evidence that the first plaintiff did not meet Darma
before the loan transaction. On the contrary, the first plaintiff asked Peter
Ong to liaise with the first defendant, not only prior to the transaction, but
also subsequently, when he tried to get the interest payments reduced. There
was no evidence to support the proposition that the second defendant was
holding the shares in trust for Darma.

19 If, as the defendants say, Darma was the beneficial owner of the shares, he
gave no indication that he had any interest in recovering them or proving that
they were his apart from than the oral evidence of the father and son
defendants. There was absolutely no evidence (other than his testimony in
court, affirming his affidavit of evidence-in-chief) that Darma was in any way
connected to the transaction. Even the banker’s cheque for $250,000 seemed to
have came from an unknown account.

20 On 21 October 2004, Peter Ong signed a statutory declaration on behalf of
the first plaintiff in which he declared that he arranged the meeting between
the first plaintiff and the first defendant because the first plaintiff asked
for his help in finding someone who would lend him $300,000. Peter Ong knew
the first defendant to be just that person. It was equally important that
Peter Ong’s statutory declaration supported the first plaintiff’s evidence
that he met the first defendant in September 2004 over lunch and during which
they agreed that the loan be discharged upon the payment of $450,000. Peter
Ong declared that the first defendant subsequently reneged on that agreement.
Counsel for the first defendant submitted that Peter Ong’s evidence was
unreliable because he had signed a note on 21 December 2004 acknowledging that
the transaction that he had brokered between the first plaintiff and the first
defendant was a sale of shares transaction. After listening to Peter Ong in
court, I have little hesitation in accepting his rejection of that note and
counsel’s suggestion. His affidavit of evidence-in-chief was consistent with
the contents of his statutory declaration; both these documents were sworn
statements unlike the statement he signed for the first defendant, which was
prepared for him by the first defendant, and, having heard the first defendant
and Peter Ong’s testimonies, I find that the note of 21 December 2004 read
more like the first defendant’s message than that of Peter Ong.

21 The contractual document in this case was entitled “a purchase of shares
with a buyback option”. However, the terms and structure were inconsistent
with a contract of that nature. They were, in my view, more consistent with
the nature of a loan contract. The terms in the written agreement were also
more consistent with the testimonies of the plaintiffs and Peter Ong. The
defendants’ story of how the shares were to be purchased and held in a trust
is difficult to believe. It will be recalled that according to them, Darma was
the real purchaser and beneficiary, but he had to rely on the first defendant
whom he trusted because he (Darma) was an Indonesian and was contracting in
Singapore. And yes, the shares were purchased and registered not in the name
of the first defendant but his son, the second defendant. There was no
evidence that the latter held the shares in trust for Darma.

22  The meeting at Suntec City on 6 September 2004 was a post-contract event
and, strictly, had no direct bearing on the nature of the contract. However,
the events relating to and arising from that meeting corroborated the evidence
of the state of mind of the parties concerned. In respect of this episode, I
am of the view that the plaintiffs’ version, as supported by Peter Ong, is
more credible than the defendant’s version, as supported by Kenny Lim. The
first defendant tried to portray that it was the first plaintiff who was
anxious to meet but his short message to Peter Ong’s mobile phone revealed
that he was the anxious party. I am of the view that the first plaintiff had
genuinely concluded a second agreement with the first defendant at that lunch
to redeem his shares for a lump sum of $450,000 and that the first defendant
reneged on that agreement after he realised that the shares were worth much
more, and that technically, on paper, he appeared to have a strong case
against the first plaintiff’s claim based on a loan.

23 On the evidence, I am of the view that the original transaction was, in
fact, a loan transaction. An elephant is a bird when it has feathers and can
fly. I would permit the first defendant to charge interest on the loan at the
rate of 20% per annum as permitted by s 23(5) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap
188, 1985 Rev Ed). Consequently, I will allow the plaintiffs’ claim and order
that the defendants deliver up the share certificates in question to the
second plaintiff upon payment of $298,597.13 by the plaintiffs. Costs are to
follow the event, to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

