Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lin Bin v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 213

Case Number | : | MA 76/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chung Ping Shen (H A and Chung Partnership) for the appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lin Bin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Appellant convicted of employment of
immigration offender – Whether appellant's conviction should be overturned  
  
Criminal Law – Employment of immigration offender – 'Employ' – Whether element
of employment made out – Section 57(1)(e) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev
Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Employment of immigration offender – Mens rea – Whether
appellant knew or had reasonable grounds for believing worker was an
immigration offender  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Adducing fresh evidence – Whether
additional evidence may be adduced – Test for adducing fresh evidence –
Section 257(1) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Appellant
convicted of employment of immigration offender – Whether sentence imposed
manifestly inadequate – Whether factors considered by trial judge justify
derogation from benchmark sentence  
  

11 November 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant, Lin Bin, was charged with employing a Chinese national in
contravention of s 57(1)(_e_) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). At the conclusion of the trial below, he was duly convicted and
sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment. He appealed against the conviction. I
dismissed his appeal against conviction and enhanced his sentence to 12
months’ imprisonment. I now set out my reasons.

**Undisputed facts**

2 The case against the appellant centred around his alleged illegal employment
of one Chen Xue Hong (“Chen”), a Chinese national. Chen had arrived in
Singapore on 22 October 2003 on a social visit pass and had failed to leave
upon its expiry. On 28 October 2004, at about 10.00pm, he was arrested
together with another Chinese national at Centrepoint when they attempted to
exchange their work permits for security passes, ostensibly for the purpose of
moving cabinets within the building. The security officer noted that something
was amiss with the aforesaid work permits and consequently informed the
police.

3 The police found in Chen’s possession a work permit, a Safety Orientation
Course (Construction) certificate (“SOC certificate”) and a National Library
Building project gate pass, all in the name of “Zheng Ze He”, an alias used to
avoid detection. During the ensuing investigations, it was discovered that
Chen had been employed by the appellant while illegally in Singapore. Chen was
subsequently convicted for overstaying and fraudulent possession of documents,
and sentenced to seven months’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane.

**The Prosecution’s case**

4 The Prosecution’s primary witness was Chen, who testified that the appellant
had employed him on three different occasions: first, at a condominium project
near Bukit Batok MRT station for two days sometime between April and June 2004
(“the Hillview Regency Project”); second, at a high-rise residential project
near Sentosa for about two months between June and August 2004 (“the
Harbourfront Project”); and third, at the National Library Building project
from late-August 2004 until Chen’s arrest on 28 October 2004 (“the NLB
Project”).

5 The Prosecution also called three other witnesses, namely one Danny Tan Hee
Meng (“Danny”), one Foo Sin Choy (“Foo”) and one Senior Staff Sergeant Chris
Tuen Chee Lim (“SSSgt Tuen”).

6 Danny was an employee of the company that had been put in charge of
carpentry works in the NLB Project and gave evidence regarding the appellant’s
involvement at the said project. According to Danny, the appellant had
submitted the necessary work permit, SOC certificate, passport and photographs
to him so as to facilitate the application for a gate pass for Chen to access
the project’s worksite. Danny also testified that he had, on two separate
occasions, spotted the appellant talking to Chen at the NLB Project worksite.

7 Foo, meanwhile, had been hired by Danny’s employer as a subcontractor for
the same project and similarly testified about the appellant’s involvement in
Chen’s employment there. Foo claimed that he learnt from a third party
sometime in March 2004 that the appellant had many workers and was therefore
interested in subcontracting work to the appellant. Whilst an agreement was
not reached to that end, the appellant nonetheless agreed to supply two
workers to assist in the NLB Project, one of whom was Chen, with Foo agreeing
to pay the appellant $90 per day per worker in return for the provision of the
workers’ services.

8 The final prosecution witness, SSSgt Tuen, gave evidence that Chen was
arrested on 28 October 2004 and that, after his arrest, he had claimed that
his belongings were at the appellant’s residence. Chen led the duty
investigation officer to the appellant’s flat but no such belongings were
found.

**The Defence’s case**

9 The appellant, who was unrepresented in the proceedings below, elected to
give evidence in his defence. This was, in essence, a bare denial. He
disavowed any knowledge of Chen, claiming instead that the prosecution
witnesses had conspired to falsely implicate him in the matter.

10 He tried to discredit Chen’s testimony by casting doubt on his ability to
employ Chen on each of the alleged occasions. First, he testified that he only
commenced work at the Hillview Regency Project in August 2004 and therefore
could not have employed Chen at that site between April and June 2004. Second,
while he was involved in a condominium project near the World Trade Centre
area at about the same time as Chen’s employment at the Harbourfront Project,
his project was not a high-rise residential “villa” project, as Chen had
described it. Third, in relation to Chen’s employment at the NLB Project
worksite, the appellant insisted that he was not involved in the project and
had only been there twice, once to inspect it on Foo’s request and once to
discuss his potential involvement in the project as a subcontractor with Foo.

11  With regard to the testimonies of Foo and Danny, the appellant submitted
that they had conspired to exonerate Foo. He testified that he had gotten to
know Foo sometime in mid to end-August 2004 when Foo had asked him to assist
in the Hillview Regency Project. The appellant suggested that Foo had
attempted to implicate him due to a quarrel that the two parties had over
Foo’s “taking over” of part of the appellant’s work at the Hillview Regency
Project, a contract said to be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. Foo
denied that such an argument took place. The only allegation the appellant
made to discredit Danny’s testimony was that Danny was trying to protect Foo
from prosecution since they were friends.

12  The appellant called one witness, one Wei Huo Jiu (“Wei”). Wei was one of
the appellant’s workers and testified that, from April to December 2004, the
appellant did not have any projects besides the Hillview Regency Project and
an unrelated project at Tanjong Rhu. However, Wei’s evidence was inconclusive
as he was not fully aware of the appellant’s commitments (for example, he was
oblivious to the appellant’s work at the Harbourfront Project) and was in no
position to confirm whether the appellant had employed Chen.

**The decision below**

13 The trial judge found that the Prosecution had proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that the appellant did employ Chen and that he had the requisite _mens
rea_ in that he knew or had reason to believe that Chen was an immigration
offender. In coming to such a conclusion, the trial judge, finding Foo, Danny
and Chen to be worthy of belief, relied primarily on their testimonies, while
rejecting the appellant’s contention of a conspiracy between Danny and Foo.
Accordingly, she convicted the appellant and sentenced him to nine months’
imprisonment.

**The appeal**

14 The appellant challenged the findings made below on numerous grounds,
centring primarily on the findings of fact of the trial judge and the
inferences made therefrom. The three main issues before me in this appeal were
as follows:

(a) whether the trial judge erred in making her numerous findings of fact,
especially in the light of the self-interested nature of the prosecution
witnesses’ testimonies;

(b) whether the trial judge erred in drawing inferences adverse to the
appellant in finding him to be Chen’s employer in law and finding that he had
the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence; and

(c) whether new evidence in the possession of the appellant should be admitted
to purportedly highlight the inconsistencies in the prosecution witnesses’
testimonies and prove the appellant’s innocence.

Each of these contentions will now be dealt with _seriatim_.

**_Whether the trial judge erred in making her findings of fact, especially
given the self-interested nature of the prosecution witnesses’ testimonies_**

15 The appellant submitted two contentions to suggest that the trial judge’s
acceptance of the evidence of the prosecution witnesses was against the weight
of evidence: first, that the trial judge’s conclusion was erroneous given
various inconsistencies in the prosecution witnesses’ statements and second,
that the trial judge had not considered, or sufficiently considered, the self-
interested nature of these witnesses’ evidence in the circumstances.

16 At the outset, it is important to reiterate the trite principle that an
appellate court should not disturb the findings of fact of the court below
unless they were clearly reached against the weight of evidence: _Lim Ah Poh v
PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713. Therefore, where a trial judge has had to choose between
differing versions of events and has assessed the credibility of the
witnesses, the appellate court will take cognisance of the fact that it has
not had the opportunity to either see or hear the witnesses: see _Yeo Chiang
Chew v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR 46. It is with the above principles in mind that I
will now proceed to consider whether sufficient reason exists to overturn the
decision below.

**_The inconsistencies in the Prosecution’s evidence_**

17 I will begin my analysis with the two inconsistencies that the appellant
suggests were not adequately considered by the trial judge: first, the
inconsistent nature of Chen’s testimony in initially describing the
Harbourfront Project as a project to construct “44 blocks of villas” before
backtracking and altering his testimony to that of a “villa” found in Block 44
and second, the discrepancies in Danny’s and Chen’s testimonies regarding when
the NLB Project permanent entrance card was passed to the latter, with Danny
testifying that the card was passed in Chen’s presence at Bras Basah Complex
while Chen was of the view that the pass was only handed to him at the NLB
Project worksite. After careful scrutiny of the notes of evidence and a
careful analysis of the trial judge’s reasoning, I was of the considered
opinion that, on the whole, neither allegation disclosed any error in the
trial judge’s findings of fact, let alone indicated that her findings of fact
were clearly made against the weight of the evidence tendered.

18 First, Chen’s reference in his examination-in-chief to the Harbourfront
Project as “44 blocks of villas” appeared, in my view, to be no more than a
mere misstatement devoid of any devious intention to mislead the court.
Indeed, when the court sought clarification on this point, Chen was quick to
highlight that his intention was not to suggest that the development consisted
of 44 blocks:

Ct: How many storeys were the buildings for the villa project near Sentosa?

A: Block 44, nine storeys

19  A perusal of the notes of evidence also supported the view that the error
was unintended. The fact that there were inconsistencies in Chen’s
examination-in-chief itself, where in one instance he called the Harbourfront
Project “a 44 units of villa” and in another instance, “44 blocks of villa”,
in two _consecutive paragraphs_ no less, highlighting that such inconsistency
could not have been more than mere seconds apart, clearly indicated that such
inconsistencies were only a product of bad or inaccurate phrasing. Further,
the use of the word “villa” should not be taken literally – as Chen pointed
out, he described it as such merely based on hearsay from other workers.
Indeed, that the appellant did not see fit to press the matter on cross-
examination constituted a strong indication that this was a last-ditch attempt
to discredit Chen via the use of inconsequential semantics.

20  With regard to the appellant’s contention that there were discrepancies in
Chen’s and Danny’s testimonies as to when Chen’s permanent entrance card was
passed to him, nothing turned on such inconsistency. In any event, I was of
the view that it was not unusual for inconsistencies to arise in evidence
provided by either party’s witnesses. As I noted in _Ng Kwee Leong v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 942 at [17] (approving _Chean Siong Guat v PP_ [1969] 2 MLJ 63 at
63–64):

Absolute truth is, I think beyond human perception and conflicting versions of
an incident, even by honest and disinterested witnesses, is a common
occurrence. _In weighing the testimony of witnesses, human fallibility in
observation, retention and recollection are often recognised by the court_.
[emphasis added]

21  In the circumstances, such insignificant inconsistencies were to be
expected. As the trial judge noted, more than six months had passed between
the time the events in question took place and the trial – it was therefore
plausible that parties may not be able to recollect, with accuracy, such non-
material details.

22 All that the appellant had succeeded in showing, therefore, was the
presence of minute inconsistencies in the prosecution witnesses’ testimonies.
On that basis, he implored me to exercise my discretion to overturn the trial
judge’s findings of fact. I saw no reason to do so. An appellant must be able
to do more than merely highlight such inconsistencies before an appellate
court would overturn such findings: see _Moganaruban s/o Subramaniam v PP_
[2005] 4 SLR 121. On the facts above, I found that any inconsistencies
highlighted by the appellant did not impinge upon the credibility of the
evidence as a whole and that accordingly the trial judge was clearly entitled
to accord little weight to them.

**_The self-interested nature of the prosecution witnesses’ testimonies_**

23  I now proceed to consider the appellant’s allegation that the trial judge
had failed to consider the self-interest of the prosecution witnesses, namely
Chen, Foo and Danny, in falsely implicating him. The appellant averred that
Chen had a reason to lie as he might have wanted to obtain the wages owed by
his actual employer and that the appellant’s claim of a quarrel with Foo was
not sufficiently considered by the trial judge in so far as it would highlight
the self-interested nature of Foo’s evidence.

24  I was of the view that the appellant’s contention that Chen did not want
to implicate his actual employer for fear of not recovering any outstanding
wages was speculative and not borne out by the proceedings below. To begin
with, there was no evidence to suggest that any such employer, should he even
exist, would have owed Chen wages. In any event, as the trial judge rightly
noted, to falsely implicate the appellant would be counter-productive, given
that Chen would, in effect, be risking a further jail term for the provision
of false evidence. In such circumstances, there would clearly be no incentive
whatsoever for Chen to manufacture a false account of two earlier terms of
employment and thus subject himself to more scrutiny than was strictly
necessary to implicate the appellant.

25 Even if one were to believe the appellant, there was no logical explanation
of how Chen could intuitively find his way to the appellant’s residence after
being arrested – neither the explanation proffered at trial that Chen must
have obtained the address from county folks in China, nor the explanation
offered in this appeal that Chen must have memorised the address from the
appellant’s letterhead, could be substantiated or accorded any notion of
common sense.

26  Moving on to the appellant’s allegation of a quarrel with Foo, I was in
full agreement with the trial judge’s view that no such quarrel took place.
First, the appellant had admitted at trial that he suffered no financial loss
whatsoever from the loss of the contract. There was, therefore, no reason for
any form of heated argument to ensue should another party take over part of
the contract, especially since the appellant readily admitted that it was his
failure to provide manpower that led to such cancellation. Second, I was of
the opinion that the evidence provided by the appellant itself appeared to
militate against his contention. The fallacy of the appellant’s submission was
encapsulated by his testimony on the alleged “argument” at cross-examination:

Ct: So it was more like you scolding him rather than an argument?

A: I did not scold him.

Ct: So it was like a normal conversation?

A: Yes _._

27 In the light of the above observations, there was no basis whatsoever for
me to disagree with the trial judge’s finding that no such quarrel took place.

28  In fact, upon a perusal of the notes of evidence, it was apparent to me
that as between the appellant and Foo, if either party were to bear a grudge,
it must be the appellant, as he readily admitted in his testimony during
cross-examination:

Suggest: Even if the contract was taken over by Ah Tian [_ie_ , Foo], you
would be the one who was angry with Ah Tian and he would not be angry with
you?

A: Agree.

Suggest: If anyone were to bear a grudge it would be you against Ah Tian and
not the other way round?

A: Agree.

29 Given the appellant’s admission that Foo would not even have borne a grudge
against him, I was of the opinion that even if I were to accept that such a
quarrel took place, which I did not, there would nonetheless have been no
logical basis whatsoever to infer that Foo would have wanted to implicate the
appellant.

30  In any case, when I considered carefully all the circumstances of this
case, I was of the view that the evidence clearly supported the trial judge’s
finding. I was, for example, in complete agreement with the trial judge’s
observation that the probative value of the argument that the prosecution
witnesses’ testimonies could not be believed in the light of their self-
interest was very much reduced by the non-self-serving nature of their
testimonies. In particular, both Danny and Foo admitted that they had some
role to play in Chen’s employment, with the former admitting that he had
assigned Chen work on a daily basis at the NLB Project (under the auspices of
Foo’s firm), while the latter admitted his role in computing the moneys due in
return for Chen’s services. Seen against such a backdrop, the trial judge was
entitled to find their testimonies compelling and that the non-self-serving
nature of their testimonies militated against any likelihood of fabrication.

31  In my view, the trial judge had carefully weighed the evidence and decided
that the Prosecution had made out its case beyond a reasonable doubt. There
was, therefore, no reason for me to question the validity of the trial judge’s
preference for the Prosecution’s version of events to the appellant’s. The
Prosecution’s version of events was gleaned from voluntary statements given by
three separate parties and while minute inconsistencies subsisted, they were
not fatal to a general sense of coherence and consistency that was nonetheless
apparent. This was in stark contrast to the appellant’s version of events,
which, in my opinion, amounted to no more than baseless allegations and
incredible explanations devoid of merit. I was therefore not only of the
opinion that the trial judge did not make erroneous findings of fact but was
in full agreement with her findings.

32 For the reasons articulated above, this limb of the appeal must fail.

**_Whether the trial judge erred in law in drawing inferences from the above
findings of fact that the appellant was Chen’s employer in law and that he had
the requisite_ mens rea _for the offence_**

33  I now move on to the second ground of the appeal. The argument under this
rubric was two-fold: first, even if the court was minded to find that the
appellant did “employ” Chen in the factual sense, the trial judge was mistaken
in finding that he was Chen’s employer in law and second, that she similarly
erred in inferring that he had the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence.

34 It warrants reminding that, unlike the requirement that the decision of the
trial judge must be clearly wrong before an appellate court should reverse a
finding of fact, an appellate court is as competent as the trial judge to draw
the necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of the case: _Yap Giau
Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656. Therefore, should I have been of the view
that the trial judge had made inappropriate or wrong inferences from the
primary facts in this case, I would have been free to disagree with the
inferences that were made and, accordingly, make appropriate findings thereon.
Nonetheless, when I considered the evidence before me, I found myself of the
firm conviction that the inferences made by the trial judge were not only
appropriate, but constituted the only reasonable inferences that could be
drawn from the circumstances.

35  I will first deal with the issue of whether Chen was “employed” by the
appellant as a matter of law. The appellant contended that even if we were to
accept the Prosecution’s versions of events, given his bare involvement in
procuring Chen’s employment and the degree of control that Foo had exhibited
over the course of employment, Foo, and not himself, was the employer of Chen
in relation to the latter’s employment at the NLB Project.

36 It has long been established that the degree of control exercised by a
party represents an important indicator of the identity of the employer of the
illegal worker: see _Lee Boon Leong Joseph v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 445. As such,
there was some merit in the appellant’s contention, given that Foo exhibited a
considerable amount of control over Chen: he not only authorised Danny to
countersign Chen’s attendance records and computed the amounts due and owing
to Chen, but it was clear that Chen was, for all intents and purposes,
gainfully employed to perform work that was subcontracted out to him.

37 Nonetheless, it is trite that the degree of control exhibited by the
alleged employer represents but one, albeit important, factor that needs to be
considered in determining the existence of an employment relationship: see
_Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 702. Instead, in coming to such a
determination, it is vital that the substance, and not the form, of the
relationship between the parties concerned be considered: see _PP v Yap_
_Baby_ [1993] 3 SLR 633.

38  When I considered the substance of the relationship, I found myself in
complete agreement with the trial judge’s view that the evidence strongly
supported the conclusion that the relationship between Chen and the appellant
was one of employee-employer. Two factors were of especial importance. First,
as the trial judge noted, when Chen was unavailable, it would be up to the
appellant to find a substitute worker on Foo’s behalf. Second, with regards to
remuneration, Foo would not pass the amounts directly to Chen and instead paid
the appellant who would, correspondingly, pay a certain proportion of it to
Chen.

39  As I had noted in _Lee Boon Leong Joseph v PP_ ([36] _supra_), where there
is no scope for negotiation with regard to the amount of remuneration that an
employee is given, and where a middleman pays the salary of the worker out of
such payments made by the alleged employer to the middleman, such manner of
remuneration weighs heavily towards the conclusion that the middleman is the
employer of the said worker. Indeed, this sentiment is further supported by my
observations in _PP v Heng Siak Kwang_ [1996] 2 SLR 274 at 280, [36], as
follows:

If an employer merely paid the foreman a lump sum for the workers, and left it
to him to decide how much to pay the workers and how many workers to employ,
it is a strong indication that the foreman was a sub-contractor if the foreman
was permitted to keep the excess. This suggests that it was the ‘foreman’ who
employed the workers.

40  It was therefore my opinion that the facts here render this a
quintessential case in which to apply the above reasoning. From the evidence,
not only had the appellant paid Chen’s wages, but he was allowed to
independently decide the quantum of such remuneration and to retain any excess
moneys passed to him by Foo. In the light of these circumstances, I was of the
view that, although there were some indicators that tended to lead to the
conclusion that Foo was Chen’s employer, the cumulative evidence very much
supported the trial judge’s finding that Chen was employed by the appellant
for the purposes of s 57(1)(_e_) of the Act.

41 I now advance to consider the second limb pursued under this ground, namely
the appellant’s contention that he did not have the requisite _mens rea_ for
the offence. The law on this point is clear – the Prosecution need only
establish that the appellant knew or had reasonable grounds to believe that
Chen was an immigration offender: see _Assathamby s/o Karupiah v PP_ [1998] 2
SLR 744.

42 On the facts here, it appeared to me to be an irresistible inference that
the appellant was, at the very least, wilfully shutting his eyes to the
obvious. The appellant was present when Exhs P3 and P5 were provided to Chen.
As he has had the opportunity to peruse Chen’s passport, he would surely have
been aware of Chen’s status as a Chinese national and the discrepancies that
were inherent from the documents. Yet, it was clear that the appellant never
undertook any due diligence exercise whatsoever – no checks were made as to
Chen’s status during his term of employment, nor was any verification of his
details made against those found in his passport. As there were patently clear
grounds for such suspicion, the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence was
clearly established.

43 Based on the foregoing, I found that both inferences made by the trial
judge were appropriate and that this ground of appeal must, also, necessarily
fail.

**_Whether the new evidence highlighted the appellant’s innocence and
corroborated the inconsistencies in the prosecution witnesses’ testimonies_**

44 Counsel for the appellant then contended that his client possessed
additional documentary evidence, obtained after the trial judge’s decision,
which he submitted would prove the existence of the appellant’s argument with
Foo as well as highlight the improbabilities of the Prosecution’s case. He
therefore sought leave to adduce the documentary evidence consisting of the
following:

(a)  a copy of the letterhead of the appellant’s business firm;

(b) a copy of an agreement and a letter evidencing the contractual relations
between Koyo Corporation Pte Ltd and the appellant;

(c) a copy of a letter from Shimizu Corporation to the appellant;

(d) copies of timecards and a list of workers in relation to the appellant’s
work at the Harbourfront Project;

(e) copies of Chen’s identification documents; and

(f) a copy of a police report filed by the appellant detailing the purported
fact that his car broke down at Changi Airport.

45  As a preliminary point, it was, in my opinion, unfortunate that counsel
for the appellant had failed to apply for leave to adduce these documents via
the filing of a criminal motion. In the absence of such a motion, the court,
unfortunately, not only fails to receive proper notice of what is being
requested of it but, more importantly, is left in the dark as to the nature of
the documents and the manner in which the alleged matters would be proved
until the hearing itself.

46 Nonetheless, to ensure that no injustice would be perpetuated, I allowed
the making of oral representations as to the reasons for which I should
exercise my discretion under s 257(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to allow such fresh evidence. Section 257(1) of the CPC
reads:

In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter the High Court, if it thinks
additional evidence is necessary, may either take such evidence itself or
direct it to be taken by a trial Court or Magistrate’s Court.

47 I was nonetheless aware that my discretion to allow the new evidence
should, consistent with s 257(1) of the CPC, only be exercised in situations
where the new evidence was necessary. The principles with respect to the
determination of what is necessary under s 257(1) of the CPC were laid down in
_Juma’at bin Samad v PP_[1993] 3 SLR 338 and consists of the following three
limbs:

(a) non-availability: it must be shown that the evidence could not have been
obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the trial;

(b) relevance: the evidence must be such that if given at trial, would
probably have an important influence on the result of the case; and

(c) reliability: the evidence must be apparently credible although it need not
be incontrovertible.

48  I would also hasten to add that in exceptional circumstances, the court
might be minded to allow fresh evidence to be adduced, notwithstanding its
availability at trial, if it can be shown that a miscarriage of justice would
otherwise ensue. Nonetheless, the circumstances under which such evidence
would be allowed are extremely limited: _Tan Sai Tiang v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 439.

49  Upon hearing the appellant’s representations, I was of the view that the
said evidence was of no probative value and consequently refused leave to
adduce the evidence. I will now highlight how I arrived at such a
determination.

50 With respect to the first limb of the test, it was clear to me that the
evidence was, with any diligence, obtainable for use at trial. Counsel for the
appellant suggested that there were two reasons for the non-adduction: first,
the appellant was unrepresented at the trial below and was, thus, unaware of
the implications of the failure to adduce such evidence, and second, the
documents were in his car, which had broken down in Changi Airport seven days
_prior_ to the day he was due in court to face the charge. As evidence of
this, counsel for the appellant introduced a police report made by the
appellant evidencing the same.

51 Neither contention, in my opinion, was of any merit. First, the contention
that the appellant was unaware of the implications of the absence of such
documents was inconsistent with his attempted rebuttal of the Prosecution’s
case in the court below in suggesting that its case must fail for lack of
documentary proof. It was inconceivable that the appellant would have been
able to appreciate the importance of documents to the Prosecution’s case, but
not its effect on his own. In any event, even if I were to accept that
contention, I was not prepared to condone the practice of facilitating the
adduction of fresh evidence on appeal and, _ipso facto_ , remedy an
appellant’s mistakes on the sole basis of his imprudence of not engaging the
services of competent legal counsel with due haste.

52 Second, the appellant suggested that he could not have retrieved the
documents prior to trial as his car had broken down at Changi Airport. Even if
I were to accept his testimony uncritically, there were seven days between the
discovery that the car had broken down and the date of incarceration – surely
the fact that the car had broken down did not militate against the use of
alternative transport to obtain the evidence, especially given its purported
evidential value.

53  While the above would suffice to dispose of this particular point, I would
hasten to add, in the interest of completeness, that no injustice would be
occasioned by my refusal to grant leave to adduce the documents. Indeed, upon
a close examination of the documentary evidence sought to be adduced, the only
evidence which assists the appellant in any way are the copies of the
timecards and the list of workers in relation to the Harbourfront Project.
Nonetheless, I was of the opinion that, at its highest, all it showed was the
bare possibility of minute inconsistencies in Chen’s testimony _vis-à-vis_ the
exact dates on which he was employed for each of the three occasions. This
would, in no way, impinge on the fact that such employment had been
undertaken. In the light of the widely-drafted charge, which did not provide
reference to specific dates _vis-à-vis_ each term of employment, proving
minute inaccuracies in the dates of employment, _per se_ , would not have had
an influential effect on the outcome of the appellant’s case and served to
cast no doubt whatsoever on the soundness of the trial judge’s decision.

54 I was therefore of the opinion that there would be no miscarriage of
justice in refusing the admission of the evidence. On the contrary, the
evidence, if accepted, may well have led to an unjust result based on
unverified documents of questionable reliability that had yet to have the
benefit of being tested at trial. As such evidence must surely have been
obtainable with reasonable diligence and as no injustice would result from the
refusal to grant leave here, I was of the opinion that the new documentary
evidence was unnecessary for the purposes of the appeal and, accordingly,
refused leave to adduce such evidence.

55 Based on the foregoing, and having reviewed the reasoning of the trial
judge and considered the appellant’s contentions on appeal, I was of the
opinion that the Prosecution had succeeded in establishing all the elements of
the charge beyond reasonable doubt and I upheld the conviction.

**Sentence**

56  Although the appellant did not appeal against his sentence, I found the
trial judge’s sentence to be inadequate and ordered that the term of
imprisonment be enhanced to 12 months. I now explain my reasons for doing so.

57  At the outset, it is important to highlight that even in instances where
an appellate court is of the opinion that there is no sufficient ground in
interfering with the conclusion of the court below, it nonetheless retains
discretion under s 256(_b_)(ii) of the CPC to enhance the sentence of the
appellant where it deems it necessary. That being said, it has long been
accepted that such discretion should not be exercised unless the appellate
court is satisfied that the sentence imposed was the result of an error of
fact or principle, or was manifestly excessive or inadequate: see _Yeo Kwan
Wee Kenneth v PP_ [2004] 2 SLR 45.

58 In the circumstances, I found the sentence to be manifestly inadequate and
consequently saw no reason for the trial judge not to have sentenced the
appellant to the benchmark sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment that should
normally be accorded under s 57(1)(ii) of the Immigration Act: see _Soh Lip
Hwa v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 198. In doing so, I noted that the trial judge had
placed reliance primarily on three factors when considering an appropriate
sentence: the appellant’s status as a first-time offender, the fact that he
had employed Chen for (only) four to five months and the fact that he was the
sole breadwinner with school-going children to support. None of these, in my
view, justified derogation from the benchmark sentence in the circumstances
before me.

59 For example, while it is trite that being a first-time offender is a valid
mitigating circumstance in _most_ instances, the probative value of this
factor must be carefully weighed against other factors, the most fundamental
of which is that of the public interest: see _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR
537. In the light of the compelling needs of public interest that necessitate
the deterrence of like-minded parties from providing employment to immigration
offenders, and the serious nature of immigration offences (see _Lim Gim Chong
v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 825), it would be inappropriate to accord significant
weight to the lack of antecedents when considering the appropriate custodial
sentence.

60 I was also of the opinion that the other factors were of no merit and
should not have been taken into account in sentencing. To begin with, no
weight should be given to the fact that the appellant was the sole breadwinner
and had two school-going children to support. As I had noted in _Lim Choon
Kang v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 927 and _Leaw Siat Chong v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 63, to
provide any weight to a fortuitous mitigating factor such as hardship caused
to the family occasioned by imprisonment would be to invite a travesty of
justice. I was similarly not inclined to agree that the length of employment
in the circumstances constituted a valid mitigating factor. It has long been
accepted that no weight should be provided to the duration of employment as a
mitigating factor in immigration-based offences: see _PP v Chia Kang Meng_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 71 of 2001. In the light of my explicit reiteration of
that very point in _Leaw Siat Chong v PP_ , there should be little doubt that
the term of illegal employment, however short, would not constitute a valid
mitigating factor.

**Conclusion**

61 For the reasons above, I dismissed the appeal against conviction and
enhanced the sentence from nine to twelve months’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

