Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Lim Chor Pee and Another  
[2005] SGHC 159

Case Number | : | OSB 3/2005, 4/2005, 5/2005, RA 35/2005, 36/2005, 37/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 August 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Andre Arul and Ling Leong Hui (Arul Chew and Partners) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — Lim Chor Pee; Lim Hsi Wei Marc   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Appeal against solicitors'
successful application to set aside statutory demands issued under s 62
Bankruptcy Act – Whether bills of costs giving rise to valid counterclaim,
set-off or cross demand – Whether existence of agreement as to costs and
status of firm as partnership or sole proprietorship amounting to "genuine
triable issues" – Section 62 Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), rr 97,
98(1), 98(2) Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Legal Profession – Bill of costs – Appeal against solicitors' successful
application to set aside statutory demands issued under s 62 Bankruptcy Act on
ground of counterclaim under bills of costs rendered – Whether applications
amounting to action to recover costs less than a month after delivery of bill
of costs to client and should be set aside – Section 62 Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2000 Rev Ed), s 118 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

30 August 2005

Lai Kew Chai J:

1 This appeal arose out of the orders of Assistant Registrar Joyce Low (“the
Assistant Registrar”) setting aside the statutory demands served on the
respondent debtors by the appellant creditor. Being dissatisfied with the
Assistant Registrar’s orders, the appellant creditor appealed to this court.
After considering the submissions for both sides, I decided to dismiss the
appeal. I now give my reasons.

**The background**

2 The respondents, Lim Chor Pee (“LCP”) and Marc Lim Hsi Wei (“ML”), are both
partners of M/s Chor Pee & Partners (“the firm”), a firm of solicitors
practising in Singapore. Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“the appellant”) was a client
of the firm at the material time.

3 In July 2001, the appellant brought Suit No 834 of 2001 against UBS AG for
misrepresentation (“the Suit”). His solicitors then were M/s Engelin Teh &
Partners (“Engelin Teh”). Subsequently, M/s Goh Aik Leng & Partners took over
the matter but soon asked to be discharged as the appellant’s solicitors. LCP
then agreed to act for the appellant sometime in March 2003, while the Suit
was part-heard.

4 The Suit was dismissed by Kan Ting Chiu J on 8 December 2003, as was the
appeal from Kan J’s decision, in Civil Appeal No 1 of 2004. The appellant was
represented by the firm in both the Suit and the appeal. In addition, the firm
had acted for the appellant in the following matters:

(a) Bill of Costs of Thomas Sim (Engelin Teh);

(b) complaint against Gerald Godfrey QC; and

(c) Bill of Costs No 112 of 2003 in Civil Appeal No 114 of 2002 relating to
the admission of Gerald Godfrey QC.

5 While the above matters were ongoing, the appellant provided loans to the
firm and LCP personally. It was agreed, when the advances were first extended,
that LCP would make monthly repayments of $7,500 to the appellant. However,
only one payment was made by LCP.

6 The appellant thus issued two statutory demands under s 62 of the Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) claiming a total of $300,000 and $84,000 against the
firm and LCP respectively. On 3 January 2005, LCP was served with both
statutory demands, claiming the debts owed by him as a partner of the firm as
well as by him personally. ML was likewise served with a statutory demand on
the same day, in his capacity as a partner of the firm, seeking repayment of
the loan to the firm.

7 On 13 January 2005, the firm issued four bills to the appellant seeking
payment of a total of $610,780 as legal fees for the Suit, Civil Appeal No 1
of 2004, the Bill of Costs of Thomas Sim and the complaint against Gerald
Godfrey QC, less the amount already paid on account of the retainer for the
Suit. Another bill dated 1 February 2005 was later issued to the appellant
claiming $24,958.50 for work done in Bill of Costs No 112 of 2003 in Civil
Appeal No 114 of 2002 relating to the admission of Gerald Godfrey QC.

8 Petition of Course No 3 of 2005 was later filed by the firm on 16 March 2005
seeking an order of taxation for the five bills of costs. This petition was
granted by Lai Siu Chiu J, who also dismissed the appellant’s application to
strike out the petition. The appellant has filed a Notice of Appeal against
Lai J’s decision.

9 On 14 January 2005, the respondents filed Originating Summons Nos 3, 4 and 5
of 2005 to set aside the statutory demands of 3 January 2005 on the ground
that there was a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand against the
amount claimed by the appellant. The statutory demands were set aside by the
Assistant Registrar on 16 February 2005, following which the appellant
appealed.

**The appellant’s submissions**

10 There was no dispute as to the quantum of the loans extended by the
appellant to the firm and to LCP in his private capacity. The primary dispute
was over whether the respondents had a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross
demand under the bills of costs rendered to the appellant.

11 Specifically, the appellant contended that the respondents were not
entitled to render a bill for $612,300 for work done in relation to the Suit.
This contention was premised on an alleged agreement between the parties to
cap costs for the Suit at $275,000 on a lump sum basis, including any
settlement or discontinuance but excluding all court fees and disbursements.

12 According to the appellant, this agreement was entered into through an
exchange of e-mails between the parties (“the exchange of e-mails”), the first
of which was sent by LCP to the appellant on 2 April 2003 at 4.45pm. It
referred the appellant to an attachment, which stated:

**_Suit No. 843 of 2001_**

Fee Agreement between A S K Wee and Chor Pee & Partners |   
---|---  
Global Brief Fee including all court attendances |  _$275,000.00_  
Payable as follows: 1st instalment upon confirmation of retainer |  $50,000.00  
2nd instalment upon filing Notice of Change of Solicitors and SIC to amend Statement of Claim on or before 30 April 2003 |  $50,000.00  
3rd instalment on or before 15 May 2003 |  $50,000.00  
4th instalment on or before 30 May 2003 |  $50,000.00  
5th instalment on or before 15 June 2003 |  $50,000.00  
6th instalment on or before 30 June 2003 |  _$25,000.00_  
Total |  _$275,000.00_  
  
13 The appellant’s response at 5.10pm the same day was:

Dear Chor Pee,

I thank you for your proposal. Please let me know if you [are] prepared to cap
your professional fees and not on a per day basis …

14 At 7.12pm, LCP replied as follows:

Dear Tony

Herewith revised fee agreement on a lump sum basis up to conclusion of trial
including any settlement or discontinuance but excluding all court fees and
disbursements.

Regards

Lim Chor Pee

There was no attachment to this e-mail.

15 The appellant submitted that, pursuant to the decision of Judith Prakash J
in _SM Integrated Transware Pte Ltd v Schenker Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 2
SLR 651 (“ _SM Integrated Transware_ ”), the exchange of e-mails satisfied the
requirements under s 111 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
(“LPA”) for agreements as to costs for contentious businesses to be in writing
and signed by the client. The alleged agreement as to costs was thus valid and
binding upon the respondents.

16 It was not disputed that the sum of $275,000 had already been paid by the
appellant to the firm for the costs of the Suit. Consequently, it was the
appellant’s submission that the respondents were not entitled to any
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand for additional legal fees in relation to
the Suit. The other four bills were also disputed on the ground that they were
sham invoices calculated to defeat his statutory demands.

17 The appellant further submitted that the respondents were barred under s
118 of the LPA from claiming under the bills of costs until the expiry of one
month after the date on which they were delivered to the appellant. He
therefore contended that Originating Summons Nos 3, 4 and 5 of 2005, filed one
day after the day on which the bills were rendered, were “of no legal effect”.

18 Finally, the appellant argued that LCP was not entitled to set off the
legal fees allegedly due to the firm against his personal debt because the
firm was not a sole proprietorship, even if LCP was the sole equity partner.
The statutory demand issued against LCP personally should thus not be set
aside even if there was a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand under
the bills of costs.

**The respondents’ submissions**

19 The respondents sought to set aside the statutory demands served on them by
the appellant on the ground that they have a valid counterclaim, set-off or
cross demand against the appellant for legal fees due under the five tax
invoices rendered to the appellant. Consequently, there was a “genuine triable
issue” sufficient under the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2002 Rev Ed), read
with para 66(3) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions, to warrant the
setting aside of the statutory demands.

20 The respondents submitted that the five bills of costs rendered to the
appellant were valid. In particular, they were entitled to claim fees in
relation to the Suit beyond the amount already paid, because the exchange of
e-mails only evidenced the negotiations between the parties without any final
agreement ever being reached. In fact, there was no attachment to LCP’s final
e-mail sent at 7.12pm and no reply from the appellant. Subsequent attempts by
LCP to confirm an agreement on the costs of the Suit also appear to have been
rebuffed by the appellant.

21 In addition, the respondents submitted that there was no agreement on costs
in writing, let alone any signature, electronic or otherwise, by the appellant
on such a written agreement. There was thus no valid agreement under s 111 of
the LPA. The respondents further argued that _SM Integrated Transware_ should
be distinguished from the present case as it related to s 6(_d_) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) rather than s 111 of the LPA.

22 The respondents also contended that the order made for the taxation of the
bills of costs in Petition of Course No 3 of 2005 demonstrated that no
agreement as to costs for the Suit had been reached between the parties. They
also submitted that they were not precluded under s 118(1) of the LPA from
counterclaiming or seeking a cross demand against the appellant, and that, in
any event, one month had already elapsed from the date the bills were first
delivered to the appellant.

23 On the issue of whether LCP could found a set-off against his personal debt
on the fees due under the bills of costs, the respondents submitted that LCP
was not merely the sole equity partner of the firm, but the sole proprietor as
well. LCP was thus absolutely entitled to all the firm’s billings and,
consequently, to set off the fees due to the firm against his personal debt.
Notwithstanding this assertion, I noted that LCP nonetheless submitted, in his
affidavit dated 14 January 2005 at para 4, as follows:

It is not disputed that as partner, Marc Lim Hsi Wei is also liable for the
debts of the firm.

24 Finally, in addition to seeking a set-off for the legal fees due to the
firm as a partner of the firm, ML also submitted that the statutory demand
against him should be set aside because he was not directly involved in the
loan from the appellant to the firm and did not have any dealings with the
appellant.

**The law**

25 Rule 97(1) of the Bankruptcy Rules provides that debtors who have been
served with a statutory demand under the Bankruptcy Act may apply to court by
way of originating summons for an order setting aside the statutory demand,
while r 98(1) empowers the court to summarily determine such an application.
Rule 98(2) further provides:

The court shall set aside the statutory demand if —

(_a_) the debtor appears to have a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand
which is equivalent to or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in
the statutory demand;

…

(_e_) the court is satisfied, on other grounds, that the demand ought to be
set aside.

26 Pursuant to para 66(3) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions, when
debtors applying to set aside statutory demands under the Bankruptcy Rules
claim to have “a counterclaim, set-off or cross demand … which equals or
exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand …
the Court will normally set aside the statutory demand if, in its opinion, on
the evidence there is a _genuine triable issue_ ” [emphasis added].

27 In _R_ _e A Debtor, No 991 of 1962_ [1963] 1 WLR 51, Lord Denning MR, in
determining an application to set aside a statutory demand, opined that the
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand of the debtor had to be “genuine”. Lord
Denning expressly rejected the language of a “ _prima facie_ case” or a claim
with a “reasonable probability of success”, stating that it sufficed if there
was a “triable issue”. The standard of a genuine triable issue was also
adopted in the English _Practice Note (Bankruptcy: Statutory Demand: Setting
Aside)_ [1987] 1 WLR 119 which permitted the setting aside of statutory
demands on grounds akin to those under the Bankruptcy Rules.

28 The decision of Lord Denning MR was followed by this court in _Goh Chin
Soon v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 17. Lee Seiu Kin JC (as
he then was) stressed that the debtor’s claim had to be valid and _bona fide_
, spurious claims being insufficient to warrant the setting aside of a
statutory demand. In addition, the value of the debtor’s counterclaim, set-off
or cross demand also had to equal or exceed the debt in the statutory demand:
see also _Goh Chin Soon v Vickers Capital Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 728.

**The decision**

**_Section 118 of the LPA_**

29 The issue of whether the respondents were entitled to counterclaim or set
off or make a cross demand in respect of the fees due under the bills within a
month of rendering the bills to the appellant can be quickly determined.
Section 118(1) of the LPA states:

Subject to the provisions of this Act, no solicitor shall, except by leave of
the court, commence or maintain any action for the recovery of any costs due
for any business done by him until the expiration of one month after he has
delivered to the party to be charged therewith, or sent by post to, or left
with him at his office or place of business, dwelling-house or last known
place of residence, a bill of those costs.

This prohibition is not absolute but is circumscribed by s 119 which empowers
the court to authorise the commencement of an action for the recovery of fees
due under a bill in certain circumstances, such as where the client is
intentionally taking steps to thwart payment. Evidently, therefore, the bar
under s 118 of the LPA may be lifted where the justice of the case so
requires.

30 Order 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) states that
the court has the inherent power “to make any order as may be necessary to
prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of the process of the Court”. As
stated by the Court of Appeal in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of
Singapore_ [2001] 4 SLR 25 at [27] and [30]:

It seems to us clear that by its very nature, how an inherent jurisdiction,
whether as set out in O 92 r 4 or under common law, should be exercised should
not be circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests. In each instance the court
must exercise it judiciously. In his lecture on ‘The Inherent Jurisdiction of
the Court’ published in _Current Legal Problems_ 1970, Sir Jack Jacob (until
lately the General Editor of the _Supreme Court Practice_) opined that this
jurisdiction may be invoked when it is just and equitable to do so and in
particular to ensure the observance of the due process of law, to prevent
improper vexation or oppression and to do justice between the parties. Without
intending to be exhaustive, we think an essential touchstone is really that of
‘need’. …

…

… It may well be that the question of prejudice is relevant to determine
whether intervention should be allowed in the circumstances of a case. But
that is not to say that once no prejudice is shown, the court should invoke
that jurisdiction. There must nevertheless be reasonably strong or compelling
reasons showing why that jurisdiction should be invoked.

31 While no leave to file the applications has been granted to the
respondents, more than a month has elapsed since the date on which the bills
of costs were delivered to the appellant. Therefore, even if I were to set
aside these applications on the ground that these applications amount to the
maintenance of actions for the recovery of fees due under the bills before the
expiry of one month under s 118 of the LPA, the respondents would simply file
new applications seeking the same relief. This would only result in wasted
time and costs for both parties, with no benefit to be gained by the
appellant.

32 On the other hand, allowing the applications to continue would not result
in any prejudice to the appellant, but would in fact ensure that the matter is
determined expeditiously. I therefore found no merit in the appellant’s
submissions under s 118 of the LPA, and allowed the continuation of these
applications so that the matter can be resolved speedily.

**_Genuine triable issue_**

_Validity of the counterclaim, set-off or cross demand on the bills of costs_

33 It should be noted at the outset that it is not the function of this court,
in determining the applications to set aside the statutory demands, to
adjudicate upon the merits of the respondents’ counterclaim, set-off or cross
demand: _Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV_ [2002] 3 SLR 594. Indeed, this
court need only satisfy itself that the respondents _appear_ to have a valid
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand amounting to a “genuine triable issue”
to warrant the setting aside of the statutory demands.

34 On the facts, the five bills of costs rendered to the appellant do appear
to provide the respondents with a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand
which exceeded the debts in the statutory demands. However, the appellant
disputed the work done by the firm in relation to his matters and contended
that the bills of costs are shams. In addition, he claimed that no bill ought
to have been rendered for the Suit because full payment had already been made
pursuant to a fee agreement between the parties. Even if the bills of costs
were valid, the appellant argued that LCP was not entitled to set off fees
owed to the firm against his personal debts.

35 Section 111 of the LPA, which deals with agreements as to costs for
contentious business, states:

(1) Subject to the provisions of any other written law, a solicitor or a law
corporation may make an agreement _in writing_ with any client respecting the
amount and manner of payment for the whole or any part of its costs in respect
of contentious business done or to be done by the solicitor or the law
corporation, either by a gross sum or otherwise, and at either the same rate
as or a greater or a lesser rate than that at which he or the law corporation
would otherwise be entitled to be remunerated.

(2) Every such agreement shall be _signed by the client_ and shall be subject
to the provisions and conditions contained in this Part.

[emphasis added]

36 The exchange of e-mails must therefore amount to an agreement in writing
that was signed by the appellant to be valid under the LPA. Section 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), defines “writing” to “include
printing, lithography, typewriting, photography and other modes of
representing or reproducing words or figures in visible form”. In _SM
Integrated Transware,_ it was held that e-mails satisfied the definition of
“writing” under s 2 of the Interpretation Act in that they were “words … in
visible form” when displayed on the screen of the computer monitor or printed
out.

37 Furthermore, s 7 of the Electronic Transactions Act (Cap 88, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“ETA”) provides that any requirement for information to be in writing is
satisfied by an electronic record “if the information contained therein is
accessible so as to be usable for subsequent reference”. An “electronic
record” is defined in s 2 of the ETA as “a record generated, communicated,
received or stored by electronic, magnetic, optical or other means in an
information system or for transmission from one information system to
another”.

38 The second requirement of a signature by the appellant may be satisfied by
an electronic signature within the meaning of s 8(1) of the ETA. Under s 2 of
the ETA, an electronic signature is defined to mean “any letters, characters,
numbers or other symbols in digital form attached to or logically associated
with an electronic record, and executed or adopted with the intention of
authenticating or approving the electronic record”. Indeed, it was held by
Prakash J in _SM Integrated Transware_ that the signature requirement of s
6(_d_) of the Civil Law Act was satisfied by the inscription of the sender’s
name next to his e-mail address at the top of the e-mail.

39 Therefore, I incline towards the opinion that the exchange of e-mails is
likely to satisfy both the written record and signature requirements of s 111
of the LPA. This is especially since there was no dispute as to the
authenticity of the  
e-mails and the parties did not deny sending and receiving the e-mails in
question, as was the case in _SM Integrated Transware_.

40 However, there can be no agreement as to costs binding upon the parties if
there was no meeting of minds, even if both the requirements set out in s 111
of the LPA are satisfied. The respondents rightly pointed out that there was
no attachment to the final e-mail sent by LCP to the appellant at 7.12pm, even
though it refers to a “revised fee agreement”. More importantly, there was
never any acceptance by the appellant of the revised fee offer from LCP.
Indeed, in ordering the taxation of the bills of costs rendered to the
appellant in Petition of Course No 3 of 2005, Lai Siu Chiu J stated (see _Chor
Pee and Partners v Wee Soon Kim Anthony_ [2005] SGHC 101 at [58]):

[I]t was clear from the events which transpired before the filing of the
Petition that the respondent himself did not accept there was an agreement on
legal fees for [the firm’s] or LCP’s conduct of the Suit.

41 The bills of costs rendered by the respondents appear to present a valid
counterclaim, set-off or cross demand against the debt in the statutory
demands. There is therefore at the very least a genuine triable issue as to
whether there is a valid counterclaim, set-off or cross demand under the
bills.

_Whether Chor Pee is a partnership or sole proprietorship_

42 Even if the bills of costs are undisputed, there remains the question of
whether LCP can set off the fees owing to the firm against his personal debt
to the appellant. This turns on whether the firm is in truth a partnership or
sole proprietorship, which also determines if ML is liable for the debts of
the firm at all and, likewise, if he is entitled to claim a set-off under the
bills of costs.

43 A partnership is defined in s 1(1) of the Partnership Act (Cap 391, 1994
Rev Ed) as “the relation which subsists between persons carrying on a business
in common with a view of profit”. In addition, s 2(3) of the Partnership Act
provides:

The receipt by a person of a share of the profits of a business is prima facie
evidence that he is a partner in the business, but the receipt of such a
share, or of a payment contingent on or varying with the profits of a
business, does not of itself make him a partner in the business; and in
particular …

…

(_b_) a contract for the remuneration of a servant or agent of a person
engaged in a business by a share of the profits of the business does not of
itself make the servant or agent a partner in the business or liable as such …

44 In _Davis v Davis_ [1894] 1 Ch 393, North J stated, at 399, that where a
partnership agreement in writing was absent:

the receipt by a person of a share of the profits of a business is _prim_ _â
facie_ evidence that he is a partner in it, and, if the matter stops there, it
is evidence upon which the Court must act. But, if there are other
circumstances to be considered, they ought to be considered fairly together;
not holding that a partnership is proved by the receipt of a share of profits,
unless it is rebutted by something else; but taking all the circumstances
together, not attaching undue weight to any of them, but drawing an inference
from the whole.

This approach was followed in _Chua Ka Seng v Boonchai Sompolpong_ [1993] 1
SLR 482, in which the Court of Appeal held that although the respondent in
that case was a “salaried partner” remunerated by a 20% share of the net
profits of the firm, he nonetheless had no rights of equity participation in
the firm and was not a partner in the true sense of the word.

45 It was undisputed that ML is a “salaried partner” of the firm. However, as
noted by Megarry J in _Stekel v Ellice_ [1973] 1 WLR 191 at 199, it is
“impossible to say that as a matter of law a salaried partner is or is not
necessarily a partner in the true sense”. Whether or not he is a true partner
depends on the “substance of the relationship between the parties”, rather
than “any mere label attached to that relationship” (_ibid_).

46 It was therefore necessary to examine the relationship between LCP and ML
in greater detail to determine if the firm is indeed a partnership in the true
sense of the word. Should the firm be found to be a sole proprietorship, LCP
would be entitled to set off his personal debts against the fees owed to the
firm. In addition, ML would not be personally liable for the debts of the
firm, and the question of whether ML would be entitled to a counterclaim or
cross demand on the bills of costs would not even arise. It should be borne in
mind that the fact that ML was given a percentage of the firm’s profit should
not be given undue weight, but should be considered in the light of all the
relevant circumstances.

47 I reached no final determination on whether the firm is in reality a
partnership or sole proprietorship, and therefore made no holding as to
whether LCP is entitled to set off his personal debt against that owed to the
firm. However, I noted that LCP had affirmed in his affidavit that ML is a
partner who is personally liable for the debts of the firm, a position which
appears to contradict his contention that the firm is a sole proprietorship.
Moreover, if ML is recognised by the appellant as a partner of the firm, the
appellant must likewise accept that ML, as a partner, can claim a set-off
under the bills of costs against the debt in the statutory demand.

**Conclusion**

48 In the light of the above, there appeared to be a valid counterclaim, set-
off or cross demand under the bills of costs which exceeded the debts in the
statutory demand. The respondents had raised the genuine triable issues of,
first, the validity of their counterclaim, set-off or cross demand for fees
due under the bills of costs, and second, whether the firm is a sole
proprietorship so that LCP would be entitled to set off his personal debt
against the fees due to the firm. The statutory demands issued by the
appellant against the respondents were therefore rightly set aside, and hence,
I dismissed the appeal.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

