Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bayswater Carriers Pte Ltd v QBE Insurance (International) Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | Suit 1220/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramesh Appoo and Brij Raj Rai (Just Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Leonard Chia and David Gan (CCH Leo and Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Bayswater Carriers Pte Ltd — QBE Insurance (International) Pte Ltd   
  
Insurance – Marine insurance – General principles – Claims – Whether loss
suffered by assured covered under marine hull policy – Whether piracy or
violent theft by persons from outside assured's vessel proximate cause of
assured's loss – Whether negligence of master of vessel and lack of due
diligence by assured proximate cause of loss – Whether assured taking
reasonable measures to avert or minimise loss  
  

29 September 2005

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Bayswater Carriers Pte Ltd (“Bayswater”), as registered owner
and named assured, claims against the defendant, QBE Insurance (International)
Limited (“QBE”), as hull and machinery underwriter for the loss of its
Singapore registered tug, the _BW Wisdom_ , to armed intruders _._ The area in
which the events took place on 28 January 2003 was said to be within the port
limits of Batu Ampar, Batam.

2 By marine hull policy No ZH1001235 dated 2 January 2003 (“the Policy”),
which was largely subject to the Institute Time Clauses, Hulls (1.10.83)
(“ITC”), the _BW Wisdom_ was insured for $730,000 against, _inter alia_ , loss
by piracy or violent theft by persons from outside the tug (hereinafter
referred to as “theft by violence”). Risk of piracy and theft by violence are
marine perils in the ITC. Clause 6.1 covers loss or damage to the _BW Wisdom_
caused by:

6.1.3 violent theft by persons from outside the Vessel

…

6.1.5 piracy

3 By an amendment at the start of the hearing, as a further and alternative
claim, Bayswater pleaded that the loss of the _BW Wisdom_ was caused by the
negligence of the master or crew, an insured peril under cl 6.2.3 of ITC,
provided such loss or damage was not the result of want of due diligence on
the part of the assured, owners or managers. Plainly, cl 6.2.3 is framed as
Bayswater’s fallback position in the event it is adjudged that the master or
crew were negligent as alleged in the Re-Amended Statement of Claim. Clause
6.1.1 of ITC on perils of the seas was not pursued in Bayswater’s closing
submissions.

4  Section 55(2)(_a_) of the Marine Insurance Act (Cap 387, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) provides that:

[T]he insurer is not liable for any loss attributable to the wilful misconduct
of the assured, but, unless the policy otherwise provides, he is liable for
any loss proximately caused by a peril insured against, even though the loss
would not have happened but for the misconduct or negligence of the master or
crew.

5 As the Policy does not state otherwise to the contrary, no difficulty is
experienced in the application of s 55(2)(_a_) of the Act together with either
of the two marine risks identified in [2] above or the alternative claim made
under cl 6.2.3. Pertinent to recovery under the Policy is the notion that the
insured peril must be the proximate cause of the loss. That is a causation
question. Courts have ruled that proximate cause is to be determined by
applying common-sense standards to find the cause predominant in efficiency.
The Policy pays where piracy or theft by violence is the proximate cause of
the loss despite the negligence of the master or crew. In this situation, the
negligence of the master or crew is a remote cause of the casualty. The
converse situation is where negligence is an insured peril and it results in a
loss by an uninsured peril. The loss may be indemnified as having been
proximately caused by the insured peril of negligence and provided the loss
did not result from want of due diligence on the part of the assured, owners
or managers: see F D Rose, _Marine Insurance: Law and Practice_ (LLP, 2004)
paras 15.17 to 15.19.

6 A principal question for determination is whether the incident on 28 January
2003, which was during the currency of the Policy, was a loss by piracy or
theft by violence. There are two stages of the enquiry. First, the court has
to construe the Policy. Next, it has to consider causation, and in that
connection, the alleged failure of the crew to keep watch whilst at anchorage
as a result of which the intruders boarded the tug undetected.

7  QBE denies liability. It contends that the loss of the _BW Wisdom_ was not
covered by the Policy. Counsel for QBE, Mr Leonard Chia, who is assisted by Mr
David Gan, submits that in order to come within the Policy meaning of piracy,
the _BW Wisdom_ must be “at sea” and she was not given her location at the
material time. Furthermore, no force was used to steal the tug as she was
already under the control and possession of the intruders before they sought
to apprehend the crew. Similarly, theft by violence was not on the same facts
established. QBE took the position that the predominant cause of the loss was
the negligence of the master, but there is no liability under the Policy as
the loss resulted from want of due diligence on the part of the assured.

8  The _BW Wisdom_ is a steel pusher tug with an overall length of 21.76m and
moulded depth and breadth of 3.20m and 7.32m respectively. Built in 2000 by
Tuong Aik (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd, a Sibu shipyard, it is powered by two Caterpillar
diesel engines and has an estimated speed of 10 knots. Bayswater is in the tug
and barge business since 1985. Its tugs and barges operate between Singapore
and Batam. The hijacking of the _BW Wisdom_ was the first of its kind
experienced by the assured. Bayswater and its associated companies had
employed the Indonesian master of the _BW Wisdom_ for the past 15 years. He
was appointed master of the _BW Wisdom_ on 4 October 2001.

9  On 28 January 2003, the tug with the barge _Bayswater 228_ laden with cargo
in tow was on a voyage from Jurong port, Singapore, to Batu Ampar, Batam.
Typically, the tug and barge would return to Singapore with cargo either on
the same day or the following day. It was not unusual that on this occasion,
after completion of discharge of some containers and general cargo, the tug
waited at anchorage with the barge _Bayswater 228_ for loading of outbound
cargo scheduled for the following day. On board the tug at the material time
were the master (Karno Muchyani), the second engineer (Tubgatisiladias
Nursusandi), and two able-bodied seamen (Burhannudin and Suardi). Earlier on,
the chief engineer (Hatta) and chief officer (Akmad Nurun) had left the tug on
shore leave. They were to return to the tug the next morning. At the material
time, the tug was moored to the starboard side of _Bayswater 228_ and was
secured by the fore and aft mooring ropes of the tug to the bollards of the
barge.

10  About 1900 hours (local time), armed men with hoods over their faces
boarded the tug. The intruders were armed with _parangs_. Earlier on, a
stranger had suddenly appeared at the port entrance to the mess room where the
master and second engineer were resting. The stranger had asked for the chief
engineer, under pretext of wanting to buy fuel. The second engineer followed
after the stranger when he moved away from the main port entrance as if to
leave. Some three minutes later, the master heard the second engineer outside
shouting “ _rampok_ ” (“pirates” in _Bahasa Indonesia_). Through the entrance,
the master saw the second engineer running away from two of the intruders
towards the mess room. As he tried to shut the door, it was pushed opened on
the other side by one of the intruders. In the commotion, the master started
to head for the bridge to raise the alarm but was stopped halfway up the
stairs leading to the bridge from the mess room by one of the intruders who
held his _parang_ to the master’s neck. He was ordered not to move. The master
was escorted to the eight-man cabin below deck. The second engineer and
Burhannudin were already there in the cabin with three other armed men. All
three had their hands tied and “were forced to lie [on the floor of the cabin]
face down on their stomachs”. In his written statement, the master recounted
that they were “all threatened with the parang, which had been put to our
necks and we were told not to make any noise or resist or retaliate in any
way”. The engine started and the tug moved away. The master reckoned that the
tug was full ahead for a long time.

11 Chay Choon Chong (“Chay”), a marine surveyor and director of CC Chay
Associates Pte Ltd (“CCCA”), was appointed by QBE to investigate the incident.
At the trial, Chay also testified as QBE’s expert. Chay’s colleague Gan Kee
Giap interviewed the crew at Batam on 14 February 2003. CCCA’s report of 17
February 2003 which was signed by Chay stated:

As soon as [the master and crew] were captured, they could hear the mooring
ropes being hacked by the parangs. Engines were also started. Once the ropes
were cut loose, the tug moved forward. … The tug surged ahead at full power …

The second engineer, Burhannudin, and Gan Kee Giap did not testify at the
trial. Nevertheless, the report of 17 February 2003 and the crewmembers’ joint
statements dated 12 February 2003 were by conduct of the parties accepted in
evidence. That must be so as Chay’s expert report of 31 August 2004 containing
his assessment and evaluation of the evidence and his conclusions were based
on a review of the 17 February 2003 report and the joint statements amongst
others. QBE also relied on the joint statements in its closing submissions. A
converse reading of the situation would mean allowing QBE to cherry-pick the
evidence. The sole consideration is the weight to be given to such evidence.

12  The crew was abducted and held captive in a cabin guarded by armed
intruders for two nights. They were not allowed to leave the cabin to go to
the toilet. On one occasion, the engine broke down and the second engineer
left the cabin escorted by one of the intruders to repair the engine. After
the engine trouble had been remedied, the second engineer returned to the
cabin with his hands bound again.

13 The captives were eventually freed on 30 January 2003. The tug stopped
about 50m from the uninhabited island of Pulau Penggegar near Natuna Islands,
Indonesia. With life jackets on, they were ordered to jump into the sea. Life
buoys were thrown overboard. Fortunately for the crew, the Indonesian Navy
rescued them from the island the next day.

14 Meanwhile, Suardi was spotted and rescued. He had earlier escaped from the
intruders through the access hatch leading directly from the cabin to the
forward winch deck from where he jumped overboard. He hid below the bow fender
until the tug moved away. He later reported the incident to the tug’s Batam
agent PT Yasa Tirta Perdana. Kelvin Tan Keng Hock (“Tan”), a director of
Bayswater, confirmed receiving a call from his staff based in Batam informing
him of the incident at about 2300 hours on 28 January 2003.

15  Adopting and applying the principles set out below as applicable to the
present case, based on the evidence before me, I find that the loss of the _BW
Wisdom_ was from piracy within the meaning of cl 6.1.5 of ITC. My reasons are
these.

16 First, to constitute a piratical act under the Policy, there must be force
or threat of force. Force or threat of force is the essence of this peril and
it can be directed at the person or property. In _Athens Maritime Enterprises
Corporation v Hellenic Mutual War Risks Association (Bermuda) Ltd (The Andreas
Lemos)_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 483, six or seven men armed with knives boarded a
vessel during the night intending and expecting to steal without violence but
anticipated the possibility of some resistance or interference. They intended
to use force or threat of force if that possibility materialised. They had
stealthily removed some of the mooring ropes and some equipment by throwing
them overboard before being discovered by a sailor on watch. They threatened
him as he was running to fetch assistance, and when more of the officers and
crew arrived, threatened to stop them from advancing, before making their
escape by jumping into the sea and boarding their craft. Staughton J held that
there was no loss by piracy in regard to the ship’s equipment. The loss was
due to clandestine theft. In the present case, the theft of the tug was, in my
judgment, obtained forcibly. I shall elaborate on this finding in a little
while.

17 Second, I am satisfied that the tug was obtained for the personal gain of
the perpetrators. The second element of the peril is that the purpose of
piracy is for personal gain. This is where piracy differs from maritime
terrorism which is unlikely to be for “private ends”. In _Republic of Bolivia
v Indemnity Mutual Marine Assurance Company Limited_ [1909] 1 KB 785 (“
_Republic of Bolivia_ ”), a cargo of stores and provisions was sent by the
Bolivian Government up the Amazon River on a vessel for their troops in the
neighbourhood of El Acre. The vessel was intercepted and the cargo was seized
by certain Brazilian malcontents whose purpose was to resist the Bolivian
troops and establish an independent republic. A claim was made under the
policy on the ground that the loss had been caused by pirates. The English
Court of Appeal held that the word “pirates” meant persons plundering
indiscriminately for their own ends, and not persons simply operating, albeit
illegally and criminally, against the property of a particular State for a
political end. There was therefore no loss through “pirates” under the policy.
Clause 6.1.5 of ITC uses the word “piracy”. There is no difference in meaning
of the insured peril by the use of the word “piracy” in the ITC or “pirates”
in the Lloyd’s SG form.

18 Third, it is not necessary that the piratical act takes place on the high
seas. It may occur within territorial waters or on the high seas. In _The
Andreas Lemos_ , the vessel was anchored in the Chittagong roads 2.8 miles
from land, within the port limits, and within the 12-nautical-mile breadth of
the territorial sea claimed by Bangladesh. Staughton J (as he then was)
considered her at her anchored position to be “at sea” within the ordinary
meaning of that phrase, and thus in a place where piracy could be committed.
For the purposes of a policy of marine insurance there was in his view no
reason why piracy needed to be limited to acts outside territorial waters. He
said _obiter_ at 490:

… I see no reason to limit piracy to acts outside territorial waters. In the
context of an insurance policy, if a ship is, in the ordinary meaning of the
phrase, “at sea” (per Lord Justice Kennedy), or if the attack upon her can be
described as a “maritime offence” (per Lord Justice Vaughan Williams), then
for the business purposes of a policy of insurance she is, in my judgment, in
a place where piracy can be committed.

19 I shall be discussing later on the contrary position taken by QBE which is
that piracy must be committed on the high seas. Suffice it to say, the
question whether there should be a geographical limit to what is piracy is
governed by the proper construction of the word “piracy” in the policy in
issue. That is an important consideration for shipowners and marine
underwriters doing business in this region where piracy is a real and serious
menace to shipping in the Straits of Malacca and Singapore. Littoral states
are genuinely concerned about maritime security as can be seen from a recent
announcement on anti-piratical monitoring, _Eyes in the Sky_ , which is a
joint-air-patrols initiative by three littoral states, Singapore, Malaysia and
Indonesia together with Thailand to conduct air patrols along the Straits of
Malacca and Singapore.

20 Staughton J’s observations at 488 are still apposite in today’s context
where piracy is notorious in this region:

A shipowner whose property is taken by robbers is not much concerned whether
that takes place in or outside territorial waters. Nor should I have thought
that the precise location was of much concern to insurers, save to the extent
that robbery is a good deal more likely on board a ship in a port or estuary,
than it is 12 miles out or more.

21 Returning to the evidence which demonstrates that the tug was forcibly
stolen, I begin with the master’s testimony. I accept his testimony that the
intruders threatened them with _parangs_ and their hands were tied together.
It is not unreasonable to infer that in tying their hands together tightly
some force would have been applied. A reasonable fear of danger (and I find
that the crew did fear for their lives) would naturally induce the crew to
surrender the tug for their personal safety and that is sufficient to make the
taking of the tug against the will of the crew. The master in his
Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief stated:

11\. … The unknown persons were armed. They moved fast and took over our
tugboat and put us under handcuff. There was no chance for us to make use of
the handphone and/or SSB [High Frequency Radio] or the VHF [to communicate
with Batam Port Authority] and [communicate] with our local agent.

12\. I would also like to point out that even though two of the crew were on
shore leave, that did not mean that the remaining crew and myself could not
look after our tugboat. We were put into fear by the way in which the unknown
persons took over control of the tugboat. We do not have any means of
defending or challenging the unknown armed assailants. It would be fool hardy
for me to challenge armed unknown persons and risk the lives of my crew and my
own life.

22 Significantly, the master’s evidence that they had “locked up the bridge”
was unchallenged. Therefore, the means of access to the bridge, by logical
deduction, would have been broken into or otherwise forcibly opened to reach
the wheel to get underway once the engines were started. The tug was at the
material time moored to the barge. Chay recognised that the mooring ropes were
either severed or slipped. There is some evidence that the mooring ropes were
severed. The evidence here is analogous to the thieves breaking into the
warehouse in _La Fabrique de Produits Chimiques Societe Anonyme v F N Large_
(1922) 13 Ll L Rep 269. In my judgment, the intruders took possession of the
tug after the crew were captured and taken captives and not the other way
around as suggested by QBE. Unlike the others, Suardi was never caught and his
escape somewhat contradicts QBE’s contention that the intruders had completely
secured the tug before apprehending the crew. With Suardi’s escape, the
intruders would have been anxious to get underway as quickly as possible.

23 On the evidence, I find that there was a direct causal connection between
the use of force or threat of force and the dispossession of the tug out of
the control of the master and afterwards forcibly making away with the tug.
The intruders forcibly took possession of the tug and appropriated it for
their own use. Whilst in the sea 50m from the uninhabited island, the master
noticed that the name _BW Wisdom_ had been blacked out, leaving the letters
“WIS” as its new name. The blue funnel and logo of Bayswater were painted
black. The word “Singapore”, the port of registry, was also blacked out
completely. From where the crew was abandoned, Chay reckoned that the tug was
heading towards the north-west of Kalimantan, possibly to Pontianak. The tug
was never recovered. Anwar bin Saaden (“Anwar”), QBE’s risk manager in the
marine department, in cross-examination conceded that Chay’s investigations
had failed to locate the tug.

24  A question raised in _Republic of Bolivia_ was whether territorial
location played a part in defining “piracy” in a marine policy. No ruling was
made as it was unnecessary for the outcome of the case. The difference of
opinion in the English Court of Appeal as to whether piracy could be committed
except upon the high seas was _obiter_. So was Staughton J’s opinion on the
matter in _The Andreas Lemos._

25 Mr Chia submits that the tug, moored at anchorage 0.9 nautical miles from
Batu Ampar, Batam, is not a vessel “at sea”. Mr Chia contends that it is a
characteristic of piracy that it should be committed on the high seas or
should start from the high seas. A vessel is “at sea” when she is on the “high
seas”, and she is not “at sea” when in harbour. His argument is that the
events in this case which were said to constitute piracy had all taken place
in the harbour and thus the tug could not be at “sea”. Hence, Staughton J’s
view that piracy could be committed within territorial waters is out of sync
with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea 1982 (“UNCLOS”).

26 Donald O’May, _Marine Insurance Law and Policy_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1993) at
p 126 appears to support Mr Chia’s contention. The authors explain that _The
Andreas Lemos_ was lying in the Chittagong roads about two miles offshore, and
was treated as being “at sea”. But had she been in harbour, or alongside, she
could not have been “pirated”. That view, even if, for the sake of argument,
correct, does not on the evidence before me assist QBE. Was the tug “in
harbour”? Chay argues that the location of the attack was within port limits.
Where exactly the tug was moored (and no co-ordinates fixing the tug’s
position were available) with reference to the designated port limits of Batu
Ampar was unknown. The expression “port limits” in the present case is at best
ambiguous. Significantly, there is no evidence that the _BW Wisdom_ was moored
inside the harbour or that in this case, the port limits of Batu Ampar in a
legal and geographical sense is coterminous with the boundary of the harbour
according to the dictionary meaning of the word. The master’s evidence is that
she was moored “about 0.9 nautical miles _from_ the harbour”. The anchorage
was supposed to be somewhere between Batu Ampar and Tanjung Uma. Police
reports lodged by Bayswater referred to the location of the anchorage to be
“outside Batu Ampar Port”. Tan described that anchorage as being “outside Batu
Ampar”.

27 “Piracy” as defined in UNCLOS is essentially any illegal act of violence or
depredation, which is committed for private ends on the high seas or without
the territorial control of any State. Article 101 of UNCLOS defines it as
follows:

Piracy consists of any of the following acts:

(a) any illegal acts of violence or detention, or any act of depredation,
committed for private ends by the crew or the passengers of a private ship or
a private aircraft, and directed:

(i) on the high seas, against another ship or aircraft, or against persons or
property on board such ship or aircraft;

(ii)  against a ship, aircraft, persons or property in a place outside the
jurisdiction of any State;

(b) any act of voluntary participation in the operation of a ship or of an
aircraft with knowledge of facts making it a pirate ship or aircraft;

(c) any act of inciting or of intentionally facilitating an act described in
subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b).

28 According to that definition, piracy requires two ships to be involved and
any “private ends” are sufficient. Piracy must also occur on the high seas and
be committed by the crew or passengers. Piratical acts within territorial
waters are outside the definition. To remedy this limitation, the
International Maritime Organisation (“IMO”) has divided acts of piracy into
piracy on the high seas as defined by UNCLOS whilst acts of piracy in ports or
national waters (internal waters and territorial sea) are defined as armed
robbery against ships. Separately, municipal laws like s 130B of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) provide that a person commits piracy when that
person does any act that, by the law of nations, is piracy. By s 130C(_a_), a
piratical act is committed by “whoever, while in or out of Singapore steals a
Singapore ship” and the offence carries a punishment with imprisonment for a
term not exceeding ten years and caning.

29  Notably, the word “piracy” has not acquired in the context of marine
policy a technical meaning. A marine policy like any commercial contract must
be construed so as to give effect to the parties’ intention as expressed in
the written contract. As a general rule of construction, the contract is
construed according to its sense and meaning as derived in the first place
from the terms used in it, and the terms must be understood in their plain,
ordinary and popular sense. Clause 6.1.5 of ITC simply uses the word “piracy”.
A definition of piracy which appears to limit the insured peril to robbery on
board a vessel on the high seas (a term in contradistinction to “territorial
waters”) is justifiable only if that arises from a proper construction of the
marine policy. Pickford J in the court of first instance and the Court of
Appeal in _Republic of Bolivia_ unanimously concurred that the word “piracy”
when used in a marine policy does not normally follow the meaning ascribed to
the word in international or municipal law. Pickford J looked at the word
“pirates” in the Lloyd’s SG form and said that the word as used there meant
piracy in a popular or business sense, and then stated what he considered that
to be at 791. It is helpful to set out his speech at 791 which Vaughan Willams
LJ in the Court of Appeal adopted:

I have to look at the more popular or business meaning of the word “piracy,”
and I do not think that can be better expressed than it is in Hall’s
International Law, 5th ed. p.259, where it is said: “Besides, though the
absence of competent authority is the test of piracy, its essence consists in
the pursuit of private, as contrasted with public, ends. Primarily the pirate
is a man who satisfies his personal greed or his personal vengeance by robbery
or murder in places beyond the jurisdiction of a State. The man who acts with
a public object may do like acts to a certain extent, but his moral attitude
is different, and the acts themselves will be kept within well-marked bounds.
He is not only the enemy of the human race, but he is the enemy solely of a
particular State.” That I think, expresses what I have called the popular or
business meaning of the word “pirate”; and I find that several though not all,
of the definitions cited in the note on p. 260 of the same work bear out that
idea. No doubt there are definitions which do not embody that idea, but that I
think is the common and ordinary meaning; a man who is plundering
indiscriminately for his own ends, and not a man who is simply operating
against the property of a particular State for a public end, the end of
establishing a government, although that act may be illegal and even criminal,
and although he may not be acting on behalf of a society which is, to use the
expression in Hall on International Law, politically organized. Such an act
may be piracy by international law, but is not, I think, piracy within the
meaning of a policy of insurance; because, as I have already said, I think you
have to attach to piracy a popular or business meaning, and I do not think,
therefore, that this was a loss by piracy.

30 Kennedy LJ said at 803:

In my opinion Pickford J. was right in holding that, so far as the matter is
one of legal construction, the term “piracy” must be regarded as having been
used in a business document like this policy of insurance in the sense in
which business men would generally understand it; and I think that, from that
point of view, he was right in defining “pirates” as being those who plunder
indiscriminately for their own gain, not persons who operate solely against
the property of a particular Government for such objects as those for which
the persons who seized the goods insured were operating against the Government
of Bolivia in the present case.

31 Earlier, Kennedy LJ had observed at 802:

The authorities shew that the word “piracy” is one capable of various shades
of meaning, and that, even when used strictly as a legal term, it may be held
to cover different subject-matters according as it is considered from the
point of view of international or that of municipal lawyers. It seems to me
that in the case of a policy like this it ought, if possible, to be construed
in the sense which would give it a meaning applicable to the insurance
effected by the policy. I do not doubt the general correctness, according to
the existing authorities, of the definition given by the late Mr. Carver in s.
94 of his valuable works on Carriage of Goods by Sea, 4th ed. p. 117, where he
says: “Piracy is forcible robbery at sea, whether committed by marauders from
outside the ship or by mariners or passengers within it. The essential element
is that they violently dispossess the master, and afterwards carry away the
ship itself or any of the goods, with a felonious intent.”

32  Vaughan Williams LJ (at 798–799) was of the opinion that piracy was a
“maritime offence”, but the robbery took place on a tributary running into
another tributary of the Amazon, far up country which was under the
jurisdiction of either Brazil or Bolivia, and “did not take place on the ocean
at all”. In his Lorship’s view, as regards the question of territorial
location, “piracy” in the marine policy was to be construed as analogous to
piracy _jure gentium_ and therefore did not include robbery on a river.
Kennedy LJ (at 802), on the other hand, although disposed to accept that in
general terms, piracy was robbery “at sea”, in this particular case, the
voyage was wholly by river and had been insured on that basis. The parties
could not have intended “piracy” to be confined to the open sea because that
meaning would be inapplicable to the specific voyage, _ie_ , a river transit.
On a proper construction of the policy, piracy could have been committed at
the location of the attack on the vessel. Farwell LJ declined to express an
opinion on this point.

33 Some 73 years on, the question of providing a geographical limit to what is
piracy came before Staughton J in _The Andreas Lemos_ who saw no reason to
impose a geographical limit to what is piracy to acts committed on the high
seas. _The Andreas Lemos_ concerned a claim under the Lloyd’s SG Policy and
the previous Institute Clauses. The insured peril of piracy under the previous
Institute Clauses is the same as cl 6.1.5 of ITC.

34 Like Kennedy LJ, the question to Staughton J was governed by the proper
construction of the word “piracy” in the policy in issue. He found support for
the broad definition of “at sea” which he adopted from r 8 of the Rules for
Construction of Policy in the First Schedule to the UK Marine Insurance Act
1906 (c 41) where reference is made to rioters who attack a ship from the
shore. That by implication means that the vessel is at or close to shore for
the rioters to attack. Rule 8 states:

The term “pirates” includes passengers who mutiny and rioters who attack the
ship from the shore.

35 Staughton J also referred to three American cases that supported his broad
definition of “at sea”. In his opinion, the case of _US v Furlong_ 18 US 184
(1820) provided direct support for his broad definition. In that case, it was
argued that piracy could not be committed because the vessel was at anchor in
a road near the shore of two islands and such a vessel was not a vessel on the
high seas. Johnson J delivering the judgment of the US Supreme Court said at
200:

[W]e are of the opinion, that a vessel in an open road may well be found by a
jury to be on the seas. ... Being at anchor is immaterial, for this might
happen in a thousand places in the open ocean, as on the Banks of
Newfoundland. Nor can it be objected that it was within the jurisdictional
limits of a foreign State; for those limits, though neutral to war, are not
neutral to crimes.

36 In international law, the distinction between “high seas” and “territorial
waters” is a matter of jurisdiction. The significance of the contention that
piracy can only be committed on the high seas and not in territorial waters is
a matter of jurisdiction. I agree and adopt the reasoning of Lord Wheatley in
_Cameron v HM Advocate_ 1971 JC 50 at 61:

There is but one further point with which I should deal. It was argued that
piracy could take place only on the high seas, and that the actions in this
case which were said to constitute piracy had all taken place within
territorial waters. While, in the view which I have taken, it may not be
necessary to decide this, I feel constrained to express the view that in
effect the difference relates simply to the basis of jurisdiction and nothing
else. The same acts are involved and the same consequences. The same offence
has been committed. If it is committed within territorial waters, there is
automatic jurisdiction. If it takes place on the high seas, then jurisdiction
is assumed if the qualifying conditions are satisfied.

37 Under customary international law, the crime of piracy has long been
recognised as one over which all States may exercise jurisdiction provided
that the alleged offender was apprehended either on the high seas or within
the territory of the State exercising jurisdiction. The arresting State may
also legitimately punish the pirates. This rule of customary international law
is reaffirmed in Art 105 of UNCLOS which provides that “every State may seize
a pirate ship ... or a ship … taken by piracy and under the control of
pirates, and arrest the persons and seize the property on board.”

38 Under UNCLOS the definition of high seas has been extended with the advent
of the Exclusive Economic Zone (“EEZ”) and the archipelagic waters. Waters not
included in the EEZ, the waters of an archipelagic State (such as Indonesia),
and the territorial waters (internal waters and territorial sea) of a State,
constitute the high seas. It cannot be right that piracy as an insured peril
is intended to be limited to piracy committed in the high seas given the
extended definition in UNCLOS. This is because the concept of the peril under
review has to be understood in the sense in which ordinary commercial men
would understand the term in its context. That in turn involves considering
the aim and purpose of the clause objectively ascertained from the language of
the standard wording of the policy read together with role of the special
conditions imposed by the underwriter. The Policy here contained an express
warranty of the tug’s trading limits, namely, “Warranted trading within
Singapore home trade principally between Singapore, Batam Island, Pasir Gudang
and Tanjong Pelepas and/or held covered at additional premium to be agreed”.
The tug trading pattern was mainly between Singapore and Batam Island and the
tug was insured on that basis. The “maritime peril” that the tug was exposed
to in the marine adventure included piracy which is a peril consequent on, or
incidental to, the navigation of the sea: see s 3(3) of the Act. Thus QBE
could not contend that the insured peril “piracy” is confined to the high seas
because that meaning would be inapplicable to the maritime adventure covered
by the Policy. In the final analysis, it is the scope and construction of the
Policy that determines the question of geographical location.

39 The distinction, which Mr Chia made, between a vessel that is “at sea” as
compared to a vessel “in port” or “in harbour” is distracting and of no merit
or consequence. In my judgment, in the context of the Policy, the relevant
enquiry is whether or not the particular stretch of water where the piratical
attack occurred could properly be referred to in its ordinary sense as “the
sea”. All that has to be established is that the act of piracy was committed
on the sea and it is immaterial that the insured vessel as a physical
proposition was lying at anchor or moored as in this case. I find that in the
circumstances of the present case, the tug was in a place where piracy under
cl 6.1.5 of ITC could be committed.

40  I shall now turn to the alternative peril under cl 6.1.3 of ITC. It is
right to say that if a different view were to be taken that the loss was not
due to piracy within cl 6.1.5 of ITC as the attack was not committed “at sea”,
the loss would nonetheless be recoverable under cl 6.1.3. If it is not a loss
by piracy, it is violent theft by persons outside the tug under cl 6.1.3. Both
are marine perils and they overlap. The distinction between the two perils in
the past was necessary when piracy was excluded as a marine peril and was
insured by the war risk underwriter under a war risk cover.

41 Therefore, alternatively, on the same facts there was violent theft by
persons outside the tug. The risk of violence or threats of violence under cl
6.1.3 of ITC is to address risk to persons on board where outsiders inflict or
threaten violence against those on board to steal property which they own or
have under control and hand over as a result. That was what happened in the
present case. For the reasons given, this case is distinguishable from the
facts in _The Andreas Lemos_.

42 QBE contends that the loss of the tug was due to the negligence of the crew
in that there was no watchkeeping at the relevant time and that Bayswater, by
allowing two key members of the crew to take shore leave, had contributed to
the inability of the crew to keep a proper watch over the tug. In addition,
Anwar contends (despite not being the pleaded defence) that the plaintiff’s
failure to ensure adequate manning levels rendered the tug technically
unseaworthy which would entitle the defendant to repudiate liability in any
event.

43 The tug was at anchorage at 1715 hours (local time). The second engineer
together with Suardi spent some time repairing the bollard before dinner.
Between 1800 and 1900 hours, the crew was winding down the day’s activities
and getting ready for the evening meal. The tug was only in anchorage for some
two hours before the intruders came on board. It is not disputed that there
was no particular person on watch duty on deck or in the bridge between 1800
and 1900 hours. It is also not disputed that Bayswater was aware of the IMO
circular referenced “MSC/Circ.623/Rev.3” dated 29 May 2002 which was notified
by the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (“MPA”) to local shipowners in
MPA circular No 23 of 2002 and dated 20 December 2002 as a guide to
shipowners, operators, master and crew on preventing and suppressing acts of
piracy and armed robbery against ships. The circular aims at bringing to the
attention of the shipping community the precautions to be taken to reduce the
risks of piracy on the high seas and armed robbery against ships at anchor,
off ports or when underway through a coastal State’s territorial waters. The
circular also recognises that smaller crew numbers favour the attacker. A
small crew will have the onerous task of maintaining a high level of security
surveillance for prolonged periods. Shipowners will wish to consider providing
appropriate surveillance and detection equipment to aid their crew and protect
their ships. The circular advises that early detection of a possible attack is
the most effective deterrent. Maintaining vigilance is essential. Advance
warning of a possible attack will give the opportunity to sound alarms, alert
other ships and the coastal authorities, illuminate the suspect craft,
undertake evasive manoeuvring or initiate other response procedures. Signs
that the ship is aware it is being approached can deter attackers. Aggressive
response once attackers have boarded the ship can significantly increase the
risk to the ship and those on board. Indications to attackers that the ship
has alert and trained crew implementing a ship security plan will help to
deter them from attacking the ship.

44 The master was somewhat blasé about security on board as he had been to
Batam countless times and he had never once encountered pirates. There were
other vessels anchored in the same area; the nearest vessel was about 500m
away. There was also an Indonesian naval base in the vicinity. It was to him a
safe place to moor his tug and barge. Nonetheless, the duty of the master is
to look after the tug and he did not do so. But did the omission have a
bearing upon the casualty that actually occurred so that the casualty was
caused or contributed to by the master’s fault? Mr Chia submits that the
failure to keep watch was the effective cause of the loss but there is no
evidence as to what might have happened if the alarm was activated. Would the
intruders have been deterred from attacking? Would there have been a response
to the alarm and would help have turned up? In the present case, the attack
was reported as soon as Suardi was rescued. In my judgment, the failure to
keep watch was not a cause of the loss but merely part of the surrounding
circumstances that brought about the events that followed. The omission may be
regarded as a combination of circumstances that fell short of being the
proximate cause of the loss. As stated earlier, negligence of the master is
not a bar against liability under s 55(2)(_a_) of the Act as I have found on a
balance of probabilities that the loss of the tug was by piracy being the
cause predominant in efficiency or, in the alternative, violent theft by
persons outside the tug. Consequently, the fallback alternative claim based on
cl 6.2.2 including its proviso does not merit further consideration which
incidentally dispenses at the same time with the need to deal with the
evidence of Chay, and Capt Dhanvinder Singh, managing director of Redstar
Marine Consultants Pte Ltd. However, I feel constrained to comment that the
objections taken by counsel for Bayswater, Mr Ramesh Appoo, assisted by Mr
Brij Rai, as to the qualifications of Chay and Capt Singh as expert witnesses
are warranted. I do not regard Chay, who had investigated 12 cases of piracy,
an authority on the subject. Capt Singh also does not qualify as an expert to
comment on the duties of the shipowner and crew with reference to the security
and safety of the tug from risks of attacks by pirates. Capt Singh’s
familiarity with the International Shipping and Port Facilities Security
(“ISPS”) Code was only as recent as 2004.

45  I now turn to consider the counterclaim brought by QBE to set off or
extinguish the insured sum of $730,000 payable under the Policy on the ground
that Bayswater had breached cl 13.1 of ITC and/or its sue and labour
obligations under s 78(4) of the Act. A breach of s 78(4) or cl 13.1, as the
case may be, sounds in damages, giving the underwriter a counterclaim rather
than a defence. Clause 13.1 reads:

In case of any loss or misfortune it is the duty of the Assured and their
servants and agents to take such measures as may be reasonable for the purpose
of averting or minimising a loss which would be recoverable under this
insurance.

Section 78(4) provides:

It is the duty of the assured and his agents, in all cases, to take such
measures as may be reasonable for the purpose of averting or minimising a
loss.

46 QBE in its closing submissions pointed to various breaches on the part of
Bayswater. They are: failure to offer rewards; failure to subscribe to the IMB
Special Alert, a service which gives a wider broadcast of the loss to
individual law enforcement agencies, ports and shipyards; and failure to act
generally as a prudent uninsured in not actively pursuing the tug through
Bayswater’s own contacts and relevant authorities. Had it not been for these
failures, Bayswater would have increased the chances for recovery of the tug
thereby minimising or averting the loss. It is convenient to group these
complaints as pre-action failures. In so far as the failure to respond
positively to Noel Choong’s notification on 9 April 2004, the allegation
against Bayswater is that the failure had caused the window of opportunity for
recovery of the tug to close soon thereafter. Notably, Noel Choong, who is
head of ICC International Maritime Bureau, Far East Regional Office, Piracy
Reporting Centre (“IMB”), conceded that the credibility of the information was
uncertain. All these contentions are easy to make but difficult to prove and
without evidence the complaint is entirely speculative.

47 It is patently factitious, if not disingenuous, when judged against the
setting gathered from the exchanges of correspondence which I shall narrate
and explain, to complain of a breach of cl 13.1 and s 78(4) of the Act. I
agree with Mr Appoo that before the Defence was filed on 15 January 2004, QBE
did not take issue with Bayswater on either matter: absence of a reward of
$50,000 or failure to subscribe to the IMB Special Alert. Interestingly, on 13
January 2004, Chay had informed QBE that the whereabouts of the tug was
unknown as it was proving more difficult to locate the person holding the tug.
Chay requested another six to eight weeks to pursue the matter. Two days
later, QBE filed a holding Defence. Besides pleading clandestine theft, the
position QBE resorted to and did robustly take was that the tug was not a
total loss and QBE was negotiating for its release. The Further and Better
Particulars filed on 11 February 2004 provided some details of the
negotiations. QBE pleaded that “the price acceptable to all parties would be
the main purport of such negotiations”. The position taken there in the
Defence and Further and Better Particulars reinforced my view that QBE had
intervened and taken over the responsibility of finding and securing the
release of the tug. It was against this setting that IMB’s information in
April 2004 about a possible lead on the tug was received by Bayswater who
referred IMB to QBE. It is to be noted that QBE did not fully keep Bayswater
in the picture as to the status of Chay’s recovery efforts. QBE did not amend
its Defence until 27 September 2004 and in that latest round of amendments
dropped its stance that the tug was not a total loss and deleted reference to
negotiations for the release of the tug. To pursue a counterclaim for failure
to sue and labour in these circumstances and on a claim which QBE acknowledges
as genuine is, to say the least, farcical. In fact, until the Defence was
filed, QBE had not formally rejected the claim.

48 Anwar explained at the hearing that QBE wanted to satisfy itself that all
possible avenues in locating the tug had been met and that the chance of
recovery no longer existed within a reasonable time before considering the
claim proper. Hence, time was needed for investigations. Supported by Quek
Keng Seng of AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd, Anwar claimed that actual loss
of a missing vessel would be presumed under s 58 of the Act after a lapse of
13 to 18 months from the casualty. Section 88 provides that reference to
reasonable time in any of the provisions of the Act is a question of fact. QBE
has relied at the hearing on this 13 to 18 months’ window to deflect criticism
that it was delaying the payment of the claim. There was no explanation for
the basis of this period of 13 to 18 months which seems arbitrary to me on the
present facts.

49 I begin with the alleged pre-action failures. On 27 February 2003 through
its broker, Newstate Stenhouse (SIMCO) Pte Ltd (“Newstate”), Bayswater
attempted to give notice of abandonment of its interest in the tug to QBE. In
rejecting the abandonment as improper, QBE on 3 March 2003 reminded Bayswater
through its broker that Bayswater should act as a prudent uninsured and take
active steps to recover the hijacked tug. The next day, Newstate informed QBE
that Bayswater had done all it could possibly have done to find the tug and
that searching aimlessly was not a solution. There was no response from the
underwriter. Two months later, Bayswater wrote to the Monetary Authority of
Singapore on 31 May 2004 to complain about the non-payment of a
straightforward claim. As directed, QBE responded directly to Bayswater on 12
June 2003. QBE stated that the loss was still being investigated. It was too
early to consider the claim. From its experience, missing ships tended to turn
up about a year after the date of the reported loss. Until such time, the tug
could not be considered an actual total loss. QBE mildly rebuked Bayswater for
not making efforts to independently ascertain the current whereabouts of the
tug and noting at the same time that Bayswater was content to leave the entire
investigations in the hands of QBE’s surveyors. Bayswater was asked somewhat
casually to take a more proactive role “to assist our surveyors” in their
investigations. QBE went on to assure Bayswater that it was in constant
communication with the surveyors and expressed confidence in its surveyors.
Its pitch was for patience and time in that if the tug could be located, the
surveyors would find the tug but the surveyors had to be given sufficient time
to carry out their task. The letter ended with a promise from QBE to keep
Bayswater informed of developments. At that stage, on 10 June 2003, Chay had
written to QBE that whatever information they had received did not match the
tug. Clearly, QBE required more time.

50 Bayswater replied on 7 July 2003 pointing out that it had taken whatever
steps it could within its means to look for the tug. The helicopter search
covered the area proposed by Chay. Searches were carried out in speedboats for
the hijacked tug in the vicinity of Batam. Reports of the incident were lodged
with various authorities like the MPA, Batam police, the Indonesian Embassy,
Ibu Pejabat Laut (Marine Department Headquarters) at Klang and the Singapore
police and coast guards. MPA’s Port of Operation Control Centre was informed
of the incident on 28 January 2003. Noel Choong confirmed that the MPAhad on
29 January 2003 informed his office of the incident. His office informed MPA
that IMB would notify all relevant authorities about the incident, which it
did. IMB notified authorities like the Philippines Coast Guard Headquarters,
search and rescue agency Basarnas Jakarta, and Maritime Rescue Co-ordinating
Centre Port Klang. In its letters to the director of Sea Traffic and
Transportation at the Indonesian Embassy and Ibu Pejabat Laut, Bayswater
requested the addressee to disseminate the news of the incident with a view to
tracing the whereabouts of the tug. Bayswater also sent an e-mail to a contact
to watch out for any possible news of the tug in Thailand. The assured had
equally co-operated with the surveyors. QBE was queried as to what more it
wanted Bayswater to do. It sought guidance from QBE and the surveyors.
Plainly, Bayswater was willing to co-operate with QBE but it was not willing
to throw good money after bad. In other words, Tan was prepared to do anything
the underwriter wished provided the underwriter paid. There was no reply to
this letter.

51 Behind the scene, so to speak, QBE continued to work with Chay without
keeping Bayswater in the loop. To illustrate, in a fax dated 3 September 2003,
Chay informed QBE of a lead but he was undecided as to whether or not to share
the information with Bayswater. The assured was not told about the lead. At
the end of October 2003, Chay requested QBE to give a letter of authorisation,
which it did on 30 October 2003, to one Marthin Luther Micky Duwiry (“Duwiry”)
appointing him to recover the tug for a reward of 25–30% of the market value
of the tug. Only a copy of this letter of authorisation was extended to
Bayswater. Bayswater was not consulted beforehand. Quek testified that the
decision to appoint Duwiry ought to have been done in consultation with the
assured.

52 Tired of waiting, Bayswater instructed Just Law LLC who sent a demand
letter on 5 November 2003. QBE adopted its letter of 12 June 2003. QBE
reiterated that Bayswater made little effort to locate the tug and was content
to leave the investigation and search in the hands of QBE’s surveyors.
Interestingly, there was no insistence that the assured observe its duty to
sue and labour. Instead, what QBE put across was plainly optional. QBE’s fax
of 11 November 2003 to Just Law LLC was to the effect that the investigation
by the surveyors was still actively in progress and in these terms:

If your clients would like to offer some assistance in the search for their
tug “BW Wisdom”, they are required to contact our surveyors accordingly.

We shall not fail to revert to your clients on the progress of the continuing
search.

53 A breach of cl 13 (and not s 78(4) of the Act) was raised for the first
time in the Defence filed on 15 January 2004. QBE’s attitude until then
towards the assured was assuaging. QBE was dealing with the consequences of
the incident. QBE was in a position where it was capable of intervening and it
did intervene and went ahead to assume responsibility by appointing Chay and
supporting him in his efforts to recover the tug. QBEgave the impression that
it had taken over the responsibility of finding the tug and wanted the assured
to bear with the underwriter as the surveyors needed time to locate the tug.
In these circumstances, Tan not only waited but provided information and
documents about the tug as and when required of him by the surveyors. One such
occasion was in August 2003 when Chay contacted Tan for the serial number of
the tug’s engine. On 13 August 2003, Tan learnt from Chay that the lead to a
Mahakam log camp drew a blank. The serial number of the engine of the vessel
at the log camp was different from the _BW Wisdom_ ’s engine number given to
Chay on 7 August 2003. Chay’s leads which apparently held out some promise
turned out to be incorrect.

54  The true view is that up to now the tug has not surfaced. Chay’s efforts
have been unfruitful. As stated, the assured was dispossessed of the tug on 28
January 2003. Time passed and nothing was heard of the tug. Chay was at one
time in October 2003 reporting to QBE that the tug had been “sold” and the
“buyer” had yet to pay the “seller” who had taken the tug back to be used in
log camps in Kalimantan. Above all, there has not yet been verification that
the tug Chay was talking about was in fact the _BW Wisdom_. That position
persisted until the action was brought. By the time the writ was issued on the
facts as they existed at that material time, I am satisfied and find on a
balance of probabilities that Bayswater was at that date irretrievably
deprived of its tug. In any event, the tug was never restored to Bayswater.
Section 57(1) of the Act provides that there is a total loss where the assured
is “irretrievably deprived” of the subject matter of the insurance. Chay’s
faxes to QBE dated 3 September and 11 October 2003 and confirmation on 13
January 2004, all indicated to me that the chances of non-recovery were
greater than the chances of recovery even if for the sake of argument it is
assumed that the tug mentioned in the faxes was _BW Wisdom_. For the sake of
completeness, I should add that I do not consider s 58 of the Act to be of
assistance to QBE on the facts.

55 By 15 December 2003 (the date of the writ), the tug was no longer
registered as a Singapore-flagged tug. The register was closed on 18 August
2003 as it was not in the public interest to keep the vessel on the register
under s 43(2) of the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996 Rev Ed) (“MSA”).
Bayswater, at the request of MPA, returned the certificate of registration for
cancellation. Section 43(2) of the MSA provides that the registry of a
Singapore ship may be closed and the certificate of registry cancelled if the
MPA is satisfied that it is not in the public interest for the ship to
continue to be registered as a Singapore ship.

56 It is clear that by the time Bayswater filed this action, there were no
real leads left to pursue. It was only in April 2004 that IMB contacted
Bayswater about a tug fitting the description of the _BW Wisdom_. Bayswater
asked Noel Choong to refer the matter to QBE. QBE decided to pursue the lead
but by the time the reward and funds requested by IMB were remitted, the
suspect vessel had moved away from its reported location. IMB’s fax dated 21
April 2004 to QBE which I note was not marked “urgent” announced that it had
received from an informant information on two tugs named _Bina Ocean_ and
_Beachwater Wisdom_ both from the port of Singapore and both vessels were
hijacked somewhere in Batam in February 2003. The suspicion was that
_Beachwater Wisdom_ could be the _BW Wisdom_. IMB on 28 April 2004 wrote:

Based on the above information received, the informant may have the
information for the missing tugs TB “ _Bina Ocean 2_ ” and “ _BW Wisdom_ ”. We
are unable to confirm the credibility of the information unless negotiations
commenced.

57  It is unclear whether IMB’s lead in April 2004 was different or the same
as Chay’s previous leads in October 2003 which also related to _Bina Ocean_
and _BW Wisdom_. IMB’s information was undeniably vague and indefinite. IMB
too was unsure as to the credibility of the information. The information was
too mired in uncertainties for anything concrete to materialise. A reasonable
shipowner in the position of Bayswater would have been understandably chary of
parting with any money on a hope and a prayer and would have regarded further
actions as lengthy and fruitless. At that stage, the Defence raised by QBE was
that the claim was not payable under the Policy as the loss was not by an
insured peril. The tug was also not a total loss and QBE was negotiating the
tug’s return. It was not unreasonable to refer IMB to QBE. It is equally not
unreasonable for Tan to think that any outlay by him would not be reimbursed
by QBE. Section 78(3) of the Act provides:

Expenses incurred for the purpose of averting or diminishing any loss not
covered by the policy are not recoverable under the suing and labouring
clause.

58 Moving on to a separate point, the assured is only obliged to act
reasonably both under cl 13.1 of the Policy and s 78(4) of the Act. What
evidence was there presented to court that a reasonable prudent uninsured in
the position of Bayswater would have acted differently? Evidence of what a
prudent insurer expects of its assured is irrelevant. To that extent I did not
find Quek’s testimony helpful.

59 Eveleigh LJ with whom Griffiths LJ agreed said in _Integrated Container
Service Inc v British Traders Insurance Co Ltd_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 154 at
158:

Those words seem to me to impose a duty to act in circumstances where a
reasonable man intent upon preserving his property, as opposed to claiming
upon insurers, would act. Whether or not the assured can recover should depend
upon the reasonableness of his assessment of the situation and the action
taken by him. It should not be possible for insurers to be able to contend
that, upon an ultimate investigation and analysis of the facts, a loss, while
possible or even probable, was not “very probable.”

60 Hobhouse J in _Noble Resources Ltd and Unirise Development Ltd v George
Albert Greenwood (The Vasso)_ [1993] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 309 at 313 said

On the correct construction of the clause more has to be shown than merely
that some step was not taken. Underwriters have to show that the step was a
proper one which a reasonable assured, having regard to the interests of
himself and the insurers and to the provisions of the policy, should have
taken.

61  An example of a loss for breach of the duty to sue and labour is where the
insured fails to protect a claim against a third-party tortfeasor from being
time-barred, thereby affecting the insurer’s subrogation claim, and the loss
to the insurer is equivalent to the value of the lost right against the third
party. In other cases, the breach of duty to sue and labour must be so
significant that the loss was caused, not by the insured peril but by a breach
of the duty to sue and labour. It is in very clear cases that such a claim can
succeed. Such a claim is akin to a case of _novus actus interveniens_.

62 I am not persuaded that the failure to respond in a positive manner in
April 2004 was a breach of the contractual or statutory duty. QBE had also not
made out a case that the alleged pre-action failures constituted a failure to
avert or minimise the consequence of an insured peril that had already
occurred. QBE’s complaints are rejected, which even if valid, could not be
arguably categorised as the proximate cause of the loss.

63 For these reasons, I give judgment to the plaintiff in the sum of $730,000
with interest thereon at the rate of 6% per annum from the date of the Writ of
Summons and costs. As a corollary to my decision, the counterclaim is
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

