Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## CX v CY (minor: custody and access)  
[2005] SGCA 37

Case Number | : | CA 104/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Radakrishnan and Deepak Natverlal (Bernard Rada and Lee Law Corporation) for the appellant; Joyce Fernando and Krishnan Nadarajan (Robert Wang and Woo LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  CX — CY (minor; custody and access)   
  
Family Law – Custody – Access – Parties living in different jurisdictions –
Father granted right to bring child overseas – Whether overseas access order
should be varied  
  
Family Law – Custody – Care and control – Distinction between custody order
and care and control order  
  
Family Law – Custody – Joint orders – Circumstances where sole custody order
should be made instead of making joint or no custody order – Circumstances
where no custody order should be made instead of making joint custody order –
Whether joint custody order should be varied  
  

19 July 2005

Lai Siu Chiu J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal arose out of various orders made by Kan Ting Chiu J (“the
judge”), whereby joint custody of a child was given to his parents, with
limited overseas access to the respondent (“the father”). Being dissatisfied
with the judge’s orders, the appellant (“the mother”) appealed to this court.
After considering the submissions for both sides, we decided to dismiss the
appeal. We now give our reasons.

**Background facts**

2 At the centre of this appeal lies the fate of a young boy (“the child”) who
is just about four years old. His parents are still married to one another but
their marriage has already broken down. On 11 May 2005, prior to the hearing
of this appeal, the mother filed a divorce petition in the Family Court.
Currently, the parties’ relationship is severely strained. For more than a
year, they have been fighting over the custody, care and control of the child.
They have also been unable to agree on the terms of access. The pertinent
facts are set out below.

3 The father is a Dutch national working in Thailand. The mother is a
Singapore national residing and working in Singapore. Since 1999, they had
been staying together in Bangkok. They were married in Singapore on 23 June
2001, and the child was born on 2 October 2001 in Thailand. The child is both
a Dutch national and a Singapore citizen. After the child was born, the
parties continued to live together in Bangkok, but separated in May 2003
subsequent to the mother’s discovery of the father’s extramarital affair. The
mother left the family home with the child and moved to Phuket before
returning to Singapore in July 2003. Since then, the child has been residing
with his mother and maternal grandmother in Singapore.

4 Sometime in October 2003, the father made an application to the Family Court
under s 5 of the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
GIA”), and sought sole custody, as well as care and control of the child, with
reasonable access to the mother. This application was contested by the mother,
who succeeded in persuading the district judge to dismiss the father’s
application. No order was made on custody, but care and control of the child
was given to the mother. The father was effectively granted daytime access
twice a month for five days each time in Singapore. He was also entitled to
bring the child out of Singapore once every six months for not more than 14
days each time.

5 Both parties, being dissatisfied with the decision, appealed to a judge in
chambers in the High Court. The father wanted sole custody, as well as care
and control of the child. Alternatively, he sought joint custody, with
increased access to the child. As for the mother, she wanted the district
judge’s orders set aside, and substituted with an order that she should have
sole custody of the child, with reasonable access being granted in Singapore
to the father.

6 The judge heard arguments and further arguments from both parties. Apart
from some other minor amendments to the district judge’s orders, the judge
ordered that:

(a) The parties were to have joint custody of the child.

(b) The mother would have care and control of the child.

(c) The child would not be removed out of jurisdiction by either party without
the prior written consent of the other party. However, the father would be
entitled to bring the child out of jurisdiction once every six months for not
more than 14 days each time, provided that he furnished the mother with an
itinerary and flight details at least 14 days in advance. The mother would
hand over the child’s passport to the father when handing over the child for
trips.

(d) The father would have daytime access to the child twice a month for five
days each time. The father would collect from, and return the child to, the
mother’s residence and give the mother two days’ advance notice of his
intended visit.

(e) Each party would inform the other in writing of any change of residential
address or employment within five days of its taking place.

(f) There would be liberty to apply for variation of the orders.

7 In this appeal, the mother’s main contentions were against the grant of
joint custody to the parties and of overseas access to the father.

**The decision below**

8 The judge disagreed with the district judge on the issue of custody. The
district judge had thought it appropriate not to make a joint custody order on
the basis that the acrimony between the parties would result in constant
battles over the extent of their custodial powers. A sole custody order to the
mother was also deemed inappropriate because the mother had not made out her
case that she should have the _prima facie_ advantage of determining long-term
decisions about the child’s upbringing. Accordingly, the district judge
declined to make any orders as to custody.

9 The judge, on the other hand, ordered joint custody as he felt that
“passivity [was] not necessarily the best course”. He did not find it
advantageous to keep the matter in suspension even if there was some
apprehension that the parties might not be prepared to exercise custody rights
together. Instead, he was of the view that the making of a custody order,
which could subsequently be varied, would allow the parties and the court to
know if the parties could really work together. If they could not, it was
still open to the court to make the necessary changes. He elaborated at [18]
and [19] of his grounds of decision (see _CX v CY (minor: custody, care,
control and access)_ [2005] 1 SLR 724) that:

_Prima facie_ , a parent of a child, by the fact of parenthood, has a right of
custody over the child. That continues to be true even when the marriage of
the parents has been dissolved because the parent-child relationship is not
dissolved. When the question of custody is raised and has to be determined by
the courts, the child’s welfare, which is the paramount consideration, is not
best advanced by removing the rights and responsibility of custodianship from
the parents, or by depriving one parent of his or her rights. When a parent
has care and control over a child, and the other parent has access to the
child, and is also obliged to pay or contribute towards his or her
maintenance, it is appropriate for the child to be placed in their joint
custody. If the relationship between the parents is acrimonious, granting the
custody of the child to one parent to the exclusion of the other, or denying
both of them custody, will add to the unhappiness between them.

As in this case, most disputes over the custody of children arise from the
parents’ concern over the welfare and upbringing of the child. It would be
ironic that one or both parents should then forfeit custody because of that.
When there is _apprehension_ that the parties may be unable to agree on what
is good for the child, or may misuse the right of joint custodianship to draw
the child into the conflict between them, to the detriment of his or her
welfare, a joint custody order can and should still be made. It is only when
it is evident that joint custody will not work that an alternative order
should be made. For the reasons I have stated, it would then be preferable for
the custody to be given to one parent than to make no custody order at all,
unless both parents are unworthy of that responsibility.

[emphasis in original]

10 As for the issue of care and control, the judge agreed with the district
judge that it was in the welfare of the child not to upset the current care
arrangements and that the child would be better looked after by his mother and
grandmother rather than by his father and a nanny. As neither party appealed
against this order, we need not comment further on this issue.

11 On the question of access, the judge concurred with the district judge
that, in the light of the child’s tender age, it would not be advisable, at
least for the initial period, to grant overnight access or to allow the father
to take the child to Bangkok. This was because it would not be in the child’s
interest to be taken away from his familiar surroundings in Singapore into the
company of the father who had had little contact with him since the
separation. Nevertheless, the judge did not rule out the possibility that the
terms of access could subsequently be varied when the bond between the father
and child strengthened. The judge also affirmed the district judge’s
observation that it was reasonable to grant overseas access once every six
months for not more than 14 days each time so that the child, together with
his father, could visit his paternal grandparents who resided in the
Netherlands. The mother argued that the father should be ordered to provide
security whenever he should take the child out of Singapore, but the judge
found it inappropriate to order the provision of security because there were
inadequate arguments and information on this issue.

**The appeal**

12 Initially, the mother raised three issues in this appeal. However, in her
case, the mother did not make any submission on the issue of whether the judge
erred in failing to order the father to provide security when taking the child
out of Singapore. In the course of the appeal, it appeared that the mother had
dropped her contentions altogether concerning this requirement. As such, we
dismissed this ground of appeal.

13 That left us with two main issues for determination:

(a) Whether the judge erred in granting joint custody to the parties instead
of sole custody to the mother; and

(b) Whether the judge erred in allowing the father to bring the child out of
Singapore once every six months for not more than 14 days each time.

14 In the course of the appeal, the mother raised another peripheral issue.
She asked us to vary the judge’s orders (see [6(e)] above) such that she need
not reveal her employment address, as she did not want the father and his
girlfriend to harass her at her workplace. This issue was not stated in her
case. In any event, we decided not to disturb this order, as the employment
address may be relevant in determining the whereabouts and financial position
of the parties.

**_Principles governing appellate intervention in cases involving the welfare
of children_**

15 At this juncture, it would be useful for us to revisit the principles
governing appellate intervention in cases involving the welfare of children. A
pertinent question that we had to answer was whether the principles in such
cases are the same as those that apply to general appellate intervention. It
is trite law that in deciding custody and upbringing issues, the court must
regard the welfare of the child as the first and paramount consideration: s 3
of the GIA. We must stress that it does not always follow that the only way in
which an appellate court can assess whether the judge below has exercised his
discretion correctly is to carry out the same balancing exercise as the judge
below did, and to allow the appeal if it were to reach a different conclusion
as to what is in the welfare of the child. The House of Lords in _G v G_
[1985] 2 All ER 225 has clarified that the principles governing appellate
intervention are the same even in custody cases involving the welfare of
children. Lord Fraser of Tullybelton opined (at 228):

The reason for the limited role of the Court of Appeal in custody cases is not
that appeals in such cases are subject to any special rules, but that there
are often two or more possible decisions, any of which might reasonably be
thought to be the best, and any one of which therefore a judge may make
without being held to be wrong. In such cases therefore the judge has a
discretion …

16 Subsequently (_ibid_), Lord Fraser approved of Asquith LJ’s observations in
_Bellenden v Satterthwaite_ [1948] 1 All ER 343 at 345:

We are here concerned with a judicial discretion, and it is of the essence of
such a discretion that on the same evidence two different minds might reach
widely different decisions without either being appealable. It is only where
the decision exceeds the generous ambit within which reasonable disagreement
is possible, and is, in fact, plainly wrong, that an appellate body is
entitled to interfere.

17 Having regard to the fact that in such cases, there are often no right
answers and the judge below was faced with the task of choosing the best of
two or more imperfect solutions, we were in agreement with the above approach.
We must stress that an appeal should not automatically succeed simply because
the appellate court preferred a solution which the judge had not chosen. In
other words, similar to the principles that apply to general appellate
intervention, the appellate court should only reverse or vary a decision made
by the judge below if it was exercised on wrong principles, or if the decision
was plainly wrong, as would be the case if the judge had exercised his
discretion wrongly. This approach is consistent with this court’s previous
decision in _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR 505 at [21] where it was decided that
although the substantive appeal involved custody of children, the
discretionary powers to extend time should not be exercised differently from
those in typical cases.

**_Whether the judge erred in granting joint custody to the parties instead of
sole custody to the mother_**

18 As a preliminary point, we noted that both parties did not take issue with
the judge’s variation of the district judge’s “no custody order” to that of a
“joint custody order”. We should make it clear from the outset that a “no
custody order” is not tantamount to depriving both parents of custody. It is
generally accepted that the practical effects of a “no custody order” and a
“joint custody order” are similar where a “care and control order” has been
made. In the normal course of events, the parents of a child will have joint
custody over him. We thus agree with Prof Leong Wai Kum’s comments in
_Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at pp
538–539 that the making of a “no custody order” should be seen as leaving the
law on parenthood to govern the matter, as both parents continue to exercise
joint custody over the child. Such an order also affirms the approach of the
courts not to intervene unnecessarily in the parent-child relationship where
there is no actual dispute between the parents over any serious matters
relating to the child’s upbringing (see _Re Aliya Aziz Tayabali_ [2000] 1 SLR
754 and _Re G (guardianship of an infant)_ [2004] 1 SLR 229 (“ _Re G_ ”)).

19 Since the practical effects of a “no custody order” and “joint custody
order” are similar, the more important question to address is: Under what
circumstances should a “no custody order” be preferred over a “joint custody
order”? As mentioned earlier, where there is no actual dispute between the
parents over any serious matters relating to the child’s upbringing, it may be
better to leave matters at status quo, and not to make any custody order. As
was suggested by Assoc Prof Debbie Ong in her article _“_ Making No Custody
Order: _Re G (Guardianship of an Infant)_ ” [2003] SJLS 583 at 587–588, in
other circumstances where there is a need to prevent parties from drawing the
child into the battle over the extent of their custodial powers, or where
there is a need to avoid any possibly negative psychological effect that comes
about when one parent “wins” and the other parent “loses” in a custody suit,
it may also be appropriate not to make any custody order.

20 However, in the present case, it was our view that it was appropriate for a
joint custody order to be made. This is because the symbolism of such an order
may be used to remind the mother that the father has an equal say in more
significant matters concerning the child’s upbringing. Upon an examination of
the affidavit evidence, it appeared to us that there had been previous
attempts by the mother to exclude the father from the child’s life altogether
by denying him access rights. Since the mother, who had been given care and
control, appeared to be so inclined, it was necessary to make a “joint custody
order” instead of making a “no custody order”, to send a signal to the mother
that she should be more co-operative with the father.

21 We now turn to the substantive issue raised by the mother, that is, whether
the judge erred in granting joint custody to the parties instead of sole
custody to her. The mother argued that the judge had erred in making a joint
custody order on the premise that it was only when it was evident that joint
custody would not work that an alternative order should be made. The mother
termed this an experimental joint custody order, which was definitely not in
the interest of the child. She submitted that the joint custody order was
unworkable as the parties had been unable to make any major decisions for the
child from the time the order was made up to the day the present appeal was
heard by us. In support of her case, the mother relied on the decision of
Winslow J in _Ho Quee Neo Helen v Lim Pui Heng_ [1972–1974] SLR 249 (“ _Helen
Ho_ ”), that joint custody orders should only be made where there was a
reasonable prospect that parties would co-operate. She also cited various
cases such as _CJ v CK_ [2004] SGDC 135, _EY v EZ_ [2004] SGDC 91 and _T v C_
[2003] SGDC 304 which had applied the principle in _Helen Ho_.

22 The mother argued that similar to these cases, the relationship between the
parties in the present appeal had totally broken down and they could not work
things out. It was undisputed that there was acute acrimony between the
parties. They no longer communicated with each other directly, but only
through their respective solicitors. The parties had also made various
allegations and counter-allegations against one another in their affidavits.
In view of the deep-seated hostility between them, the mother submitted that
the judge went against the weight of authorities by making a joint custody
order, which was both impractical and unrealistic. Instead, the mother relied
on the authority of _Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che C_ _hye_ [1998] 1 SLR 234 (“
_Soon Peck Wah_ ”) to argue that all things being equal, she, as the natural
mother, should be granted sole custody of the child who was of tender years.
Moreover, she had always been regarded as the primary caregiver of the child
as compared to the father, who often travelled and had an uncertain residence
status in Thailand.

23 In response, the father asked for the judge’s decision on joint custody to
be affirmed because he believed that with the passage of time, there was a
possibility that the parties would have moved on with their lives and would be
able to make joint decisions in the child’s best interests. Besides, in the
light of the child’s tender age, there was no need for the immediate
determination of any important decisions relating to him. The father argued
that the judge was not merely making an experimental order, but that his
reasoning was consistent with the idea that as parents, the parties must take
their joint parental responsibilities seriously and act in the child’s best
interests. The father then relied on _Re G_ to submit that cases like _Helen
Ho_ must be viewed in their proper perspective, and that a mere apprehension
that the parties would not be able to exercise custody rights together was
insufficient to warrant a grant of sole custody. It was further argued that
acrimony alone was not enough to justify a sole custody order and that courts
should be slow to deprive a parent of his natural parental rights of custody.

24 It was apparent to us from his judgment that the judge below was generally
inclined towards the idea of joint custody. He opined that the child’s
welfare, which was the paramount consideration, was not best advanced by
removing the rights and responsibility of custodianship from the parents or by
depriving one parent of his or her rights. We accepted the father’s submission
that the judge’s view on the law of custody was consistent with the notion
that acrimony alone was not sufficient to justify a sole custody order. We
were of the view that the decision of _Helen Ho_ should be clarified. _Helen
Ho_ was decided more than 30 years ago, and in our view, it has been given too
much weight not only by practitioners but also by subsequent judicial
decisions. To our minds, the notion that joint custody should only be made
where there is a reasonable prospect that the parties will co-operate is no
longer appropriate in this day and age. Instead, we felt that in line with the
outlook that parental responsibility is for life, the time was right for us to
expressly endorse the concept of joint parenting. We believe that, generally,
joint or no custody orders should be made, with sole custody orders being an
exception to the rule. We will now elaborate on our views.

_How the law of custody can support joint parenting_

25 This court had previously said in _Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei Chuan_
[2002] 1 SLR 177 at [12]:

[I]t is our opinion that the interest of the children demands that both
parents should be involved in determining what is best for them in that
regard. While as between the parties there is bitterness, it does not
necessarily follow that this would spill over in determining the educational
needs of the children. The court should not decree an arrangement which gives
an impression to a child that either the father or mother does not care about
his welfare. As we have no doubt that both parents have and will continue to
have the children’s interest at heart, we do not think that there would be any
insurmountable difficulties. In the unlikely event that an impasse should
arise, the assistance of the court could always be sought.

26 This idea of joint parental responsibility is deeply rooted in our family
law jurisprudence. Section 46(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the Charter”) exhorts both parents to make equal co-operative efforts to
care and provide for their children. Article 18 of the United Nations
Convention of the Rights of the Child 1989, to which Singapore is a signatory,
also endorses the view that both parents have common responsibilities for the
upbringing and development of their child. Similarly, jurisdictions like
England and Australia have adopted approaches that impose on both parents the
concept of life-long parental responsibility. With parliamentary intervention
in these jurisdictions, the very concept of custody orders was abolished as it
was acknowledged that it was in the interests of the child to have both
parents involved in his life. There can be no doubt that the welfare of a
child is best secured by letting him enjoy the love, care and support of both
parents. The needs of a child do not change simply because his parents no
longer live together. Thus, in any custody proceedings, it is crucial that the
courts recognise and promote joint parenting so that both parents can continue
to have a direct involvement in the child’s life.

27 We note that local academic opinion has long advocated using the law of
custody to preserve joint parental responsibility. The making of joint or no
custody orders is very much in the welfare of the child. As was aptly put by
Debbie Ong in her article, _“_ Parents and Custody Orders – A New Approach”
[1999] SJLS 205 at 223:

When a marriage breaks up, the child is in fear of losing his parents, his
siblings and his familiar home. Joint custody protects the child from the
reality and the fear of losing a parent. A child who can understand that both
his parents have custody of him and be assured that both parents continue to
be involved in his life may feel more secure. He will feel less abandoned even
though family life has to undergo some changes. If the child believes that
both his parents are still cooperating and raising him together despite the
breakdown of their own relationship, he may be spared from suffering “from a
conflict of loyalties”. Further, in granting joint custody, parents are
expected to consult each other regarding important matters and it is
beneficial that the perspectives from a mother and a father are brought
together in a decision.

28 More significantly, we feel that the making of joint or no custody orders
reminds the parents that the law expects both of them to co-operate to promote
the child’s best interest. With the grant of joint or no custody orders, the
likelihood of the non-custodial parent being excluded from the child’s life is
much reduced. It also encourages the parent who does not reside with the child
to continue to play his or her role in joint parenthood.

29 Accordingly, we agree with the recognition by the judge below that joint
custody can still be ordered even if there is an apprehension that the parties
may be unable to agree. This is a move in the right direction in support of
joint parenting. Recent cases have revealed an emerging trend where the courts
are no longer inclined to assume that sole custody orders should be made
simply because parents display animosity towards each other in the midst of
litigation. As Tan Lee Meng J rightly observed in _Re G_ ([18] _supra_) at
[8], even where the parents have an acrimonious relationship at the time of
the custody proceedings, making a sole custody order is not the only possible
outcome. We have mentioned earlier that cases like _Helen Ho_ must be viewed
in their proper perspective and should not always be relied on to justify an
order for sole custody merely because the child’s parents have an acrimonious
relationship. _Helen Ho_ was a unique case in itself where there was cruelty
on the part of the father. Moreover, Winslow J made the statement in response
to a request for joint custody, as well as care and control orders. It is
obvious that a joint care and control order, requiring the parties to agree on
every day-to-day decision relating to the child, is unworkable where the
parties have a bitter relationship with each other. However, a joint custody
order is of a different nature.

_“Custody and “care and control” orders_

30 It would be appropriate at this juncture to define what “custody” and “care
and control” orders entail. The lack of an authoritative opinion on what each
order involves has contributed largely to the constant “custody” disputes, and
the law of custody in Singapore is in a state of confusion because the
demarcation between the two orders has not been made clear. Often, in an
attempt to limit the powers of the custodial parent, which is indicative of a
trend towards joint or no custody orders in support of joint parenting, the
definition of “custody orders” has been muddled with that of “care and control
orders” (see _L v L_ [1997] 1 SLR 222 at [21]). The statutes are also of
little assistance in the definition of either order. The GIA is silent as to
the definition of “custody orders”, and the closest definition we have is in s
126(1) of the Charter, which states that the person given custody shall be
entitled to decide all questions relating to the upbringing and education of
the child. The reference to “non-custodial parent” in Form 27 of the Schedule,
pursuant to s 8(1)(_b_) of the Women’s Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules
(Cap 353, R 4, 2004 Rev Ed), as the “parent who does not live with the child”
also does not help to clarify the law. It appears to give the impression that
the non-custodial parent is the parent who does not live with the child and
conversely, the custodial parent is the one who lives with the child. This
leaves out the possibility that a custodial parent, who is not granted a care
and control order, may also not live with the child.

31 To understand what each order entails, we must first realise that, where
parties are splitting up, custody as a general concept is divided into two
smaller packages, _ie_ , “care and control” and residual “custody”. In this
context, residual “custody” is no longer the same concept as our general
understanding of custody. Instead, residual “custody” is the package of
residual rights that remains after the grant of a care and control order that
dictates which parent shall be the daily caregiver of the child and with whom
the child shall live. To put it simplistically, “care and control” concerns
day-to-day decision-making, while residual “custody” concerns the long-term
decision-making for the welfare of the child.

32 As was appropriately summarised by Anthony Dickey in _Family Law_ (LBC
Information Services, 3rd Ed, 1997) at pp 326–327:

[A]t common law, care and control concerns the right to take care of a child
and to make day-to-day, short-term decisions concerning the child’s upbringing
and welfare. Custody without care and control (that is, custody in its narrow
sense) concerns the right to make the more important, longer-term decisions
concerning the upbringing and welfare of a child.

33 In other words, a “custody order” only gives the parent the _residual_
right to decide on long-term matters affecting the child’s welfare. For
instance, the right to decide on the type of education resides with the
parent(s) with custody as it concerns the more important and long-term aspects
of a child’s upbringing. The right to decide the particular school may also
reside with the custodian(s) depending on the importance of this decision to
the child’s education. However, the right to decide how a child should dress
or travel to school, what sport he should take up or musical instrument he
should play and similar ordinary day-to-day matters, resides with the parent
who has care and control. Such a demarcation between the two types of orders
proposed by Dickey is generally consistent with our local jurisprudence where
matters such as choice of schools, tutors or healthcare have been regarded as
matters for the custodian(s) to decide (for example, see _Yeap Albert v Wong
Elizabeth_ [1998] SGHC 97 at [16]).

34 For the development of the law of custody, we deem it necessary to lay down
a general definition detailing the scope of each order. Our observation is
that in most _custody_ cases, parties are simply concerned over which parent
has _care and control_ and access. Parties labour under the mistaken
impression that if they are denied custody, they will be unable to see their
child anymore and will lose all contact with the child. We regret to say that
some family law practitioners further muddy the waters by failing to advise
their clients adequately as to what “custody orders” actually entail. If
parties are assured of their respective rights to care and control and access,
we foresee lesser tension and acrimony in disputes over custody issues.

35 Adopting this narrow definition of “custody”, it appears that there will be
relatively few occasions where significant and longer-term decisions need to
be made for the child. Hence, parties will seldom need to come together to
make a joint decision even if joint or no custody orders were granted. We
should add that it is an almost impossible task for us to lay down an
exhaustive list of matters which will fall under the concept of residual
custody. The line is not always clear as to what matters would be considered
the important and longer-term decisions concerning the upbringing and welfare
of a child. It suffices to say that decisions pertaining to religion,
education and major healthcare issues would fall into such a category.

_Joint or no custody orders to be preferred_

36 In this day and age, we feel that the preferable position in the law of
custody is that advocated by the father, _ie_ , to preserve the concept of
joint parental responsibility, even if the parties may harbour some acrimony
towards each other. Often, advocates of the _Helen Ho_ position rely on the
acrimonious relationship of the parties to argue that joint custody will be
detrimental to the welfare of the child. However, they fail to appreciate the
fact that some degree of acrimony is to be expected when parties are
undergoing the stresses of a marital breakdown. As allegations of wrongdoings
and breaches of fidelity can be hurtful, the time when the marriage breaks
down may not be the best time to assess whether both parents can co-operate
for the rest of the child’s life. We believe that the fear that parties cannot
co-operate may be overstated. It is a quantum leap in logic to assume that the
parties’ inability to co-operate during the period of divorce or custody
proceedings equates to an inability to agree on the future long-term interests
of the child.

37 To begin with, most custody cases arise over each parent’s concern for his
or her child’s welfare. We agree with the judge’s observation that the
parties’ relationship may be currently strained but there is room for hope
that they will act in the best interests of the child in future. With the
passage of time, emotions would have quietened down, the parties would have
moved on with their respective lives and they should be able to make joint
decisions objectively in the child’s best interests. We were therefore
inclined towards the grant of either joint or no custody orders in support of
joint parenting. Consequently, the judge was right in granting a joint custody
order so as to send a message to the parties to co-operate with one another.
Such an order would also remind the mother that she should consult the father
on long-term and significant matters concerning the child’s welfare and
upbringing.

38 We would emphasise that recent decisions have been inclined towards making
joint or no custody orders due to the need to ensure that the child becomes
attached to both parents. The idea behind joint or no custody orders is to
ensure that neither parent has a better right over the child and that both
have a responsibility to bring the child up in the best way possible.
Similarly, the child has a right to the guidance of both his parents.
Parenthood is a lifelong responsibility and does not end at a particular age
of the child, but continues until the child reaches adulthood. The question we
have to answer will always be what is best for the child in the future. We
agree with Assoc Prof Debbie Ong that the exceptional circumstances where sole
custody orders are made may be where one parent physically, sexually, or
emotionally abuses the child (see Debbie Ong _,_ “Making No Custody Order”
([19] _supra_) at 586), or where the relationship of the parties is such that
co-operation is impossible even after the avenues of mediation and counselling
have been explored, and the lack of co-operation is harmful to the child (see
Debbie Ong, “Parents and Custody Orders” ([27] _supra_) at 222–223).

_Whether exceptional circumstances exist to warrant sole custody_

39 Adopting the view that joint or no custody orders should be granted unless
there are exceptional circumstances, we were of the opinion that the judge was
not plainly wrong in granting joint custody, notwithstanding the allegations
and counter-allegations made by each party. The mother had made various
allegations about the father’s failure to pay for the child’s maintenance and
medical expenses. It was also alleged that the father used foul language and
abused her in the presence of the child. Not only was there a communication
breakdown between the parties, the geographical distance made it even harder
for the parties to communicate. It was argued that the father had failed to
discharge his parental duty as he scarcely visited the child during periods of
access and often placed his personal interest over the child’s welfare. The
mother also relied on the sexual misconduct of the father to argue that the
father’s lifestyle would have a negative influence on the child if the father
were to be part of the decision-making process.

40 On the other hand, the father alleged that the mother was trying to prevent
him from contacting the child. The father had sent various e-mails explaining
his desire to maintain contact with the child. He also professed that he was
always willing to maintain the child and his failure to pay maintenance was
due to the fact that he did not know the whereabouts of the mother and child.

41 We had reviewed the affidavit evidence of the parties as exhibited in their
respective cases. An examination of the various allegations would reveal that
most of them arose from the parties’ unhappiness with one another rather than
from the fact that they did not care for the child and would be unable to co-
operate for the child’s welfare. The mother’s concerns that the father was
irresponsible and had compromised the child’s welfare, have not been borne
out. Instead, the allegations and cross-allegations were likely due to
differences in the parties’ parenting expectations and lack of trust in one
another. It must be kept in mind that in hotly contested custody cases such as
the present one, where both parents love their child dearly, there is often a
tendency to exaggerate the wrongdoings of the other party.

42 In this situation where both parents clearly love the child, we agreed with
the judge that we could not rule out the possibility that the parties could
eventually co-operate for the benefit of the child. We appreciate the mother’s
concerns that communication will be difficult as the father is based in
Bangkok. However, with modern-day technology, we do not think that it will be
an insurmountable task for both parties to keep in contact and for the mother
to consult the father on longer-term decisions concerning the child’s
upbringing. We therefore concluded that the judge, having had the opportunity
to assess the parties in person, was not plainly wrong in coming to a decision
that a joint custody order would be in the welfare of the child.

43 Since we had decided to dismiss the mother’s appeal, it was not strictly
necessary for us to deal with her submissions for sole custody. We would
however add a word of caution that the case of _Soon Peck Wah_ should not be
taken beyond its context. Within that case itself, this court had taken pains
to make it clear that the decision was not intended to revive the old
presumption of maternal custody. Parliament has also mandated that neither
parent should have a better claim to the custody of the child. At the time of
the decision, there was no proper delineation between “custody” and “care and
control” orders, so one should not be quick to jump to a presumption that
_Soon Peck Wah_ equates to a judicial preference for mothers to have custody
of young children where all things are equal. At most, _Soon Peck Wah_ is
helpful in the determination of who should be granted care and control; it
cannot be denied that a young child requires a mother’s daily care.

**_Whether the judge erred in allowing the father to bring the child out of
Singapore once every six months for not more than 14 days each time_**

44 The mother submitted that the judge had made an experimental access order
by granting the father overseas access. It was argued that, for the child to
maintain contact with his father and paternal grandparents, it was sufficient
for access within Singapore because there was a real risk that once the child
was taken out of jurisdiction, the father might not return the child,
especially in the light of the uncertainty of the father’s residential status
in Thailand. Moreover, Singapore was not a signatory to the Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction 1980 so there would be
no avenue for the child to be returned to Singapore. The mother also relied on
the judge’s observation in denying overnight access at least for the initial
period (_viz_ it would not be in the child’s interest to be taken away from
his familiar surroundings in Singapore into the company of his father who had
had little contact with him since the separation), to argue that the same
reasoning should apply to overseas access. As an alternative, the mother
suggested that the paternal grandparents could visit the child in Singapore,
as overseas travel was unsuitable for the young child who often fell ill.

45 Initially, the father contended that the mother had failed to comply with
the current access orders, and that in any event, the access orders should be
varied. However, we did not entertain this submission because the father did
not file a cross-appeal as required.

46 In response to the mother’s arguments, the father argued that there was no
real risk that he would not return the child to the mother. The father
professed that he would not take the child away from the mother. In fact, if
he had wanted to do so, he would have done so a long time ago during his
periods of access. Instead, he had always complied with the access orders. He
had also submitted to the local courts’ jurisdiction by making the first
application under the GIA seeking custody, care and control, complying with
the maintenance orders made by the local courts, as well as attending each and
every court hearing. The father denied that he had an uncertain residence
status and clarified that the paternal grandparents were no strangers to the
child.

47 Where parties are in different jurisdictions, the grant of overseas access
is always an issue due to the perennial fear of each party that he or she may
not get the child back. In our opinion, the mother had failed to show that the
judge, having had the opportunity to assess both parties in person, was
plainly wrong in allowing overseas access. We felt that it was in the
interests of the child to maintain his bond with his paternal grandparents.
The mother’s fear that the father may never return the child appeared
exaggerated in the light of the fact that the father had always complied with
our courts’ orders and that he had consistently professed that he would never
take the child away from the mother. The father seemed to be a responsible
parent in this respect.

48 The mother also relied on the authority of _T v C_ ([21] _supra_) to argue
that overseas access should only be granted when the child reaches 12 years
old and is better able to take care of himself. In _T v C_ , after the parties
began to live separately, the husband went back to live in the US, while the
wife and the child remained in Singapore. Both parties sought sole custody,
care and control of the child, with the husband seeking joint custody in the
alternative. On the issue of access, the husband sought liberal access to the
child, including overseas access in the US in June and December every year.
However, the wife argued that overseas access should only be granted from the
time the child turned 13 years old. The district judge agreed with the wife
and considered it prudent to wait till the child was of an older age before he
was to travel to the US for overseas access. This was because the husband and
the child had not really been in contact for the past few years. The child,
being only six years old, would need time to forge a bond with his father, and
to feel comfortable about leaving home to be with the father. He would also
need time to grow up a little more, to be able to take care of himself while
away from home, before he commenced travelling to the USA for overseas access.
Thus, overseas access was granted only when the child turned 12 years old.

49 In our view, the present case was distinguishable from _T v C_ because in
the latter, the father and child had not been in contact for the past few
years so there was the fear that the child would need some time to bond with
his father. In contrast, in the present case, the father and child had only
lost contact for over half a year. Since then, the father had at times
exercised his access rights. Thus, there was no question of the child’s level
of comfort with his father being an obstacle to overseas access for only twice
a year, and for not more than 14 days each time. We therefore upheld the
overseas access order because we found it beneficial for the paternal
grandparents to be involved in the child’s upbringing. The fact that the
paternal grandparents were present in court for the appeal testified to their
concern and interest in their grandson.

**Conclusion**

50 This was a situation where the court was faced with a difficult decision
concerning the fate of a young child. The child is inevitably the unseen and
unheard victim of the breakdown in the parents’ marital relationship. In
furtherance of the child’s welfare, we wanted to send a signal that joint
parenting is to be preferred.

51 It is hoped that by setting out the proper guidelines to be applied in
custody cases as well as defining the general scope of “care and control” and
“custody” orders, practitioners will be better equipped to advise their
clients.

52 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeal. Accordingly, no
variation was made to the judge’s orders. We also made no orders on costs and
ordered the security deposit to be returned to the mother.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

