Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG  
[2005] SGCA 34

Case Number | : | CA 34/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 July 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Steven Chong SC, Ronald Choo and Sim Kwan Kiat (Rajah and Tann) for the appellant; K Shanmugam SC, Stanley Lai and William Ong (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Beckkett Pte Ltd — Deutsche Bank AG   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Implied undertaking not to use
discovered documents for collateral or improper purpose – Discovering party
seeking to use discovered documents to obtain injunction in foreign
jurisdiction – Whether discovering party should be released from implied
undertaking – Whether court can take into account risk that party giving
discovery may face criminal prosecution in foreign jurisdiction  
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Implied undertaking not to use
discovered documents for collateral or improper purpose – Whether overriding
public interest required before discovering party can be released from implied
undertaking  
  
Credit and Security – Mortgage of personal property – Stocks and shares –
Mortgagor alleging breach of mortgagee's duties – Mortgagor giving notice of
interest in shares – Whether risk that shares may be sold to bona fide
purchaser without notice existing  
  

12 July 2005

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of Woo Bih Li J, who allowed the
appeal of the respondent, Deutsche Bank (“DB”), against the decision of the
assistant registrar permitting the appellant, Beckkett Pte Ltd (“Beckkett”),
to use certain documents disclosed by DB in proceedings in Singapore for the
purposes of obtaining an injunction against a third party in Indonesia (see
[2005] SGHC 79). We heard the appeal on 25 April 2005 and dismissed it for the
reasons that follow.

**The background**

2 At all material times, Beckkett, PT Swabara Mining & Energy (“SME”), PT
Asminco Bara Utama (“Asminco”), PT Adaro Indonesia (“Adaro”) and PT Indonesia
Bulk Terminal (“IBT”) were part of a group of companies known as the Swabara
group. In October 1997, DB granted a loan of US$100m to Asminco, which loan
was secured by Beckkett’s 74.2% shareholding in SME, SME’s 99.9% shareholding
in Asminco and Asminco’s 40% shareholding in Adaro and in IBT. These
securities are hereinafter referred to as “the pledged shares”.

3 It was not in dispute that by November 2001, Asminco was in default, giving
rise to a right in DB to dispose of the pledged shares. Indeed, Asminco was in
default for the entire preceding three-year period before the pledged shares
were sold. Neither Beckkett nor Asminco rectified the default in spite of
repeated requests by DB. On 21 November 2001, DB, in exercise of its rights as
lender, disposed of the pledged shares.

4 Beckkett alleged that DB did not give it notice of DB’s intention to dispose
of the pledged shares. In any case, on learning of the sale, Beckkett asked
for particulars of the sale, including the identity of the purchaser and the
price. Eventually, DB gave information only in relation to the sale of the
pledged SME shares. Not being satisfied with that limited disclosure, Beckkett
took out pre-action discovery by way of Originating Summons No 772 of 2002
(“OS 772”), whereupon DB was ordered to disclose documents relating to the
sale of the other pledged shares. It emerged that the pledged shares were sold
to PT Dianlia Setyamukti (“DSM”).

5 Following from the discovery, Beckkett instituted the present action, Suit
No 326 of 2004 (“Suit 326”), claiming for damages on the ground that the
pledged shares were sold at a gross undervalue.

6 Pursuant to the discovered documents, Beckkett came to the conclusion that
the sale of the pledged shares to DSM was not a genuine arms’ length deal.
Accordingly, Beckkett added DSM as the second defendant to the action. In the
Amended Statement of Claim in Suit 326, Beckkett sought to set aside the sale
of the pledged shares to DSM, or alternatively, for damages. However, even up
to the date of the hearing of the appeal before us, service of the writ on DSM
in Indonesia had yet to be effected.

7 In the meantime, Beckkett received information that DSM intended to sell the
shares in Adaro which it had bought from DB. Beckkett claimed that the special
value of the Adaro shares lay in the fact that Adaro operated a major
Indonesian coal mine and that the loss of that interest could not be
adequately compensated by monetary payment. Beckkett asserted that unless DSM
was restrained from further selling the pledged shares to other parties, the
relief eventually obtained in Suit 326 would be rendered nugatory. Thus,
Beckkett made the present application to court to obtain leave to enable it to
use the discovered documents (obtained in OS 772 and Suit 326) to apply for an
injunction in Indonesia to restrain DSM, or its nominees, from disposing of
the pledged shares, in particular the shares in Adaro. Of course, except in
relation to the pledged SME shares, Beckkett’s interest in the other pledged
shares are indirect.

8 On 30 March 2005, the assistant registrar, while granting the application,
limited the documents which Beckkett was to be allowed to use in Indonesia.
The assistant registrar also restricted Beckkett from proceeding further in
Indonesia after obtaining the injunction. In addition, Beckkett was required
to obtain an order from the Indonesian court to seal the record there so that
the documents would not be accessible to the public.

9 Woo J reversed the decision of the assistant registrar and refused to grant
leave to Beckkett to use the documents in Indonesia. In deciding that leave
should not be granted to Beckkett, Woo J’s main concern was that, in all the
circumstances, the disclosure of the documents in Indonesia could render DB
liable to criminal prosecution in that jurisdiction. A subsidiary reason was
that even though the pledged shares were to be sold by DSM or its nominees to
third parties, it did not necessarily follow that the setting aside of the
sales of the pledged shares would not be possible, bearing in mind that every
effort had been made by Beckkett to give notice of its interest in them to
potential buyers. In any event, even if setting aside was not possible,
Beckkett would be entitled to substantial damages. Beckkett had not asserted
any special interest or value in the pledged shares beyond their monetary
value. Beckkett had not challenged DB’s ability to meet whatever damages which
the court might award in favour of Beckkett in Suit 326. Thus, Woo J thought
that it was not correct for Beckkett to claim that Suit 326 would be rendered
nugatory unless leave was granted to permit Beckkett to obtain an injunction
in Indonesia to restrain DSM and its nominees from disposing of the pledged
shares.

**Appeal**

10 Before us, Beckkett emphasised the fact that the circumstances surrounding
the sale of the pledged shares to DSM were unusual and highly suspicious, as
no prior valuation was obtained by DB. Beckkett asserted that some of the
discovered documents indicated that there was a conspiracy between DB and DSM
and that the sale was not really an arms’ length transaction.

11 Reference was also made by Beckkett to reports in the media that another
substantial shareholder in Adaro, New Hope Corporation (“New Hope”), an
Australian company which also owned about 40% of the shares in Adaro, was
planning to sell its shares in Adaro “following the lead of its Indonesia
partners”. Beckkett asserted that the “Indonesian partners” would include DSM.
According to the reports, New Hope was to hold a general meeting on 21 April
2005 to vote on the proposed sale. In the meantime, to protect its interest in
the Adaro shares, Beckkett had also made every effort to notify all potential
purchasers of its interests in those shares.

12 Beckkett contended that, given that DSM and its nominees were Indonesian
companies and the pledged shares were shares of those companies, it was
vitally important for Beckkett to obtain an injunction in Indonesia to
preserve its rights as direct or indirect chargor or mortgagor of the pledged
shares. The injunction proposed to be obtained in Indonesia was ancillary to,
or in furtherance of, the action in Singapore. The documents on which leave
was given by the assistant registrar would greatly assist Beckkett in
obtaining an injunction in Indonesia. Beckkett reiterated that there was never
any intention on its part to litigate the substantive dispute there.
Proceedings in Indonesia would be stayed once the injunction was obtained.

13 Reliance was placed by Beckkett on the case of _Omar v Omar_ [1995] 1 WLR
1428, where the court allowed the plaintiff the use of discovered documents
for the purpose of seeking an injunction against third parties in another
jurisdiction.

**The _Riddick_ principle**

14 The principle established in _Riddick v Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1977] QB
881 (“the _Riddick_ principle”) is that where a party to litigation has been
ordered to give discovery, the discovering party may not use the discovered
documents, and the information obtained therefrom, for a purpose other than
pursuing the action in respect of which discovery is obtained. Public interest
requires that in relation to an action, there should be full and complete
disclosure in the interest of justice. On the other hand, it cannot be denied
that discovery on compulsion is an intrusion of privacy. The _Riddick_
principle seeks to strike a balance between these two interests. Lord Denning
MR enunciated the rationale and scope of the undertaking as follows (at 896):

The memorandum was obtained by compulsion. Compulsion is an invasion of a
private right to keep one’s documents to oneself. The public interest in
privacy and confidence demands that this compulsion should not be pressed
further than the course of justice requires. The courts should, therefore, not
allow the other party – or anybody else – to use the documents for any
ulterior or alien purpose.

15 The implied undertaking of not using the documents for other purposes is
also an obligation owed to the court and not just to the party who was
compelled to make discovery and it is an obligation which only the court can
modify: see _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Fountain Page Ltd_ [1991] 1 WLR 756
at 764–765.

16 However, the _Riddick_ principle is not absolute. Where there are
exceptional circumstances, and no injustice will be caused to the party giving
discovery, the court will release the party obtaining discovery from the
implied undertaking. In _Crest Homes Plc v Marks_ [1987] AC 829 (“ _Crest
Homes_ ”), Lord Oliver of Alymerton, in delivering the judgment of the House
of Lords, said at 860:

I do not, for my part, think that it would be helpful to review these
authorities for they are no more than examples and they illustrate no general
principle beyond this, that the court will not release or modify the implied
undertaking given on discovery save in special circumstances and where the
release or modification will not occasion injustice to the person giving
discovery.

This case held that the party seeking release from the implied undertaking
must demonstrate cogent and persuasive reasons why that party should be
released from its undertaking. That party must also show that the party giving
discovery would not suffer any prejudice if the first party were to be
released from its implied undertaking.

17 In _Crest Homes_ , documents seized pursuant to an Anton Piller order in an
action for copyright infringement were permitted to be used in separate
contempt proceedings between the same parties. The contempt proceedings arose
out of the alleged breach of undertaking by the defendants in relation to a
previous order of court. The House of Lords held that there were exceptional
circumstances because, firstly, the disclosure of the documents was necessary
to the determination of the contempt proceedings which concerned public
policy. Secondly, both the main action and the contempt proceedings concerned
the same subject matter and the same parties and, therefore, were
substantially one set of proceedings. Thirdly, no prejudice would be done to
the defendants if the documents were made available in the contempt
proceedings.

18 Thus, a discovering party should only be released from its implied
undertaking on the discovered documents in special or exceptional
circumstances which warrant overriding the public interest in encouraging full
disclosure in proceedings here. There was a suggestion in _Halcon
International Inc v The Shell Transport and Trading Co_ [1979] RPC 97 at 122
(“ _Halcon_ ”) that the mere furtherance of some private interest, even when
the private interest arose directly out of or was brought to light as a result
of the discovery, might not be sufficient. In _Halcon_ , the plaintiff sought
leave to use documents, which were obtained in an English patent action, in a
related proceeding in the Netherlands. Whitford J refused the application
because if the documents (which themselves were not confidential) were
released, the defendant would have to release other confidential documents to
explain these disclosed documents and under Dutch law, all documents disclosed
in court would then be available to the public without restriction. The
decision of Whitford J was upheld on appeal on the narrower ground that there
was no parallel procedure for discovery in the Netherlands and the documents,
once disclosed in the Netherlands, would be available to the world at large.
What is significant to note is that Whitford J, after reviewing the
authorities, said (at 109–110):

However, these authorities to my mind, lead to this conclusion, that the use
of a document disclosed in a proceeding in some other context, or even in
another proceeding between the same parties in the same jurisdiction, is an
abuse of process unless there are very strong grounds for making an exception
to the general rule. It does, I think, emerge that some overriding public
interest might be a good example, but not the mere furtherance of some private
interest even where that private interest arises directly out of or is brought
to light as a result of the discovery made.

We should add that on appeal, Megaw LJ referred to this passage of Whitford J
without approving or disapproving it.

19 However, in the later case of _Sybron Corporation v Barclays Bank Plc_
[1985] Ch 299 (“ _Sybron Corp_ ”), Scott J did not think that Whitford J’s
suggestion, that the furtherance of a private interest could not justify the
grant of leave to use discovered documents for the purpose of other
proceedings and that some overriding public interest would normally be
required, should be applied generally and in all cases. Scott J noted that in
most cases, leave was sought in furtherance of a private interest, as in
_Sybron Corp_ itself. We agree with Scott J that Whitford J’s proposition
might be a bit too stringent. It seems to us that, generally, before leave to
be released from the implied undertaking is given, two conditions must be
satisfied. First, cogent and persuasive reasons must be furnished for the
request. Second, it must not give rise to any injustice or prejudice to the
party who had given discovery.

20 Beckkett acknowledged that it bore the burden of showing that there were
exceptional circumstances to justify a variation of the implied undertaking.
However, Beckkett’s contention was that where the discovered documents were
intended to be used in ancillary proceedings or in furtherance of the
Singapore proceedings, such a use would be sufficient to amount to exceptional
circumstances warranting the variation of the implied undertaking, unless it
could be shown that the disclosure of the documents in a foreign jurisdiction
would cause prejudice. In general, we agree with this proposition.

**Preliminary issues**

21 In the appeal before us, two preliminary points were raised by DB. The
first was that there was no evidence of an imminent sale by DSM of the pledged
shares. The evidence which Beckkett relied on related to an intended sale by
another major shareholder of Adaro, New Hope, which owned 40% of Adaro. On the
contrary, there was evidence to show that DSM was contemplating purchasing the
40% share which New Hope held in Adaro. This necessitated Beckkett to alter
course by referring to its “right of first refusal”, as can be seen from the
affidavit of Arthur Ling (“Ling”), a director of Beckkett, filed on 10 April
2005 where, at para 13, he stated:

The Plaintiff’s [Beckkett’s] solicitors in Australia have also been instructed
to look into the possibility of obtaining an injunction to restrain the sale
of the Adaro shares by New Hope. Although this block of shares is not the
subject of the Suit Action, the Plaintiff (through its shareholding in SME and
Asminco) should rightfully be given the “right of first refusal” to purchase
the shares of New Hope in Adaro. The right of first refusal requires New Hope
to offer to sell its shareholding in Adaro to the other existing shareholders
of Adaro before it can sell the shares to third parties. Hence, the Plaintiff,
through its subsidiaries would have had the opportunity to purchase New
[H]ope’s stake in Adaro if not for [DB and DSM’s] wrongful acts and conspiracy
that have deprived the Plaintiff of its shares in its subsidiaries.

22 The second preliminary point raised by DB was that Beckkett would not
require the discovered documents to obtain an injunction in Indonesia against
DSM. DB based its argument on the fact that in January 2005, Beckkett
instituted an action in Indonesia (“the January 2005 action”), parallel to
that of Suit 326, against DB (Jakarta branch), DSM, Asminco, SME, Adaro and
IBT, seeking a provisional ruling that DSM and its nominees be prohibited from
transferring the pledged shares to any third party. That ruling was similar to
what Beckkett now sought to obtain against DSM. On 7 February 2005, DB’s
solicitors reminded Beckkett’s solicitors of the _Riddick_ principle, and on
14 February 2005, Beckkett discontinued the January 2005 action. DB submitted
that the fact that Beckkett could institute the January 2005 action indicated
that Beckkett had enough documents to obtain the provisional relief in
Indonesia without the need for the discovered documents. Beckkett asserted
that it wanted to be able to produce the discovered documents in Indonesia
only because it was the “best available evidence” to support the application
for an injunction in Indonesia. DSM submitted that that would not be the
correct basis for this court to exercise its discretion in granting leave.

23 For the purposes of the present appeal, and for the reasons which follow,
it was not necessary for us to rule on these two preliminary points to dispose
of the present appeal.

**Risk of prosecution**

24 Like the judge below, we were of the view that the risk of prosecution in
Indonesia, if leave for the use of the documents were given, was a major
concern. It must be borne in mind that there was a previous criminal complaint
lodged by Beckkett against an officer of DB, Mr Wolfgang Topp. Even though the
investigation relating to that complaint had been terminated in September
2002, and had not resulted in the prosecution of any officer of DB or of DB
itself, there was nothing to preclude the Indonesian authorities from re-
opening the investigation upon the disclosure of the discovered documents.

25 It was true that the leave granted by the assistant registrar was a limited
one and was subject to the sealing of the documents by the Indonesian courts.
The legal experts of the parties were not _ad idem_ as to the question whether
the Indonesian courts would agree to seal up the court’s file on Beckkett’s
application. Moreover, we seriously doubted that the Indonesian courts, as a
matter of their public policy, would refuse to release the disclosed documents
to the police or prosecuting authorities if the latter should apply for them
in relation to their investigations into a possible offence. It seemed to us
hardly conceivable that the undertaking given by Beckkett to the courts in
Singapore could override the national interest of Indonesia of detecting a
crime and prosecuting those responsible for it. The Indonesian prosecuting
authorities could not be bound by the undertaking given by Beckkett to the
Singapore courts: see _Attorney-General for Gibraltar v May_ [1999] 1 WLR 998
at 1007. While Beckkett did not dispute that the Indonesian authorities could
re-open the case, it said that there was no evidence that the authorities
there would in fact do so. But this would be to impose an impossible burden on
DB. Ordinarily, no law enforcement agency of a country would prematurely show
its hands to any outside party or individual.

26 Beckkett also said that DB did not show how the documents set out in the
seventh affidavit of Ling would incriminate DB and for what offence. More
importantly, Beckkett pointed out that DB had denied that it was involved in
any wrongdoing, much less a criminal offence. Beckkett thus submitted that the
allegation of a risk of criminal prosecution in Indonesia was vague and
unsubstantiated and was wholly unreal.

27 However, it seemed to us that Beckkett was saying one thing to the courts
here and its Indonesian lawyers were uttering something different to the media
there. Even after the ruling by the assistant registrar, one of Beckkett’s
Indonesian lawyers, Mr Kaligis, was reported in the 1 April 2005 issue of the
_International Herald Tribune_ to have said that a civil case as well as a
criminal case would be taken up in Indonesia against DB.

28 On 6 April 2005, DB’s Indonesian firm of lawyers, M/s Amir Syamsuddin &
Partners, wrote to advise DB that:

We have heard that Beckkett has now approached [the Indonesian police] to seek
to reopen investigations on the ground that they have new evidence. We will
endeavour to find out more and keep you informed of any further developments.

29 On the 11 April 2005 issue of the Indonesian publication _Prospektif_ ,
another of Beckkett’s Indonesian lawyers, Mr Lucas, again threatened to
institute criminal proceedings if the shares in question were not returned to
Beckkett. Mr Lucas was reported to have said that Beckkett would report the
case to the police if DB did not return the shares. It should be noted that
this report was carried three days after Woo J made his ruling. Excerpts of
the interview were set out in the affidavit of Mr Low Soon Heng, the Deputy
General Counsel of DB, filed on 18 April 2005 as follows:

Lucas SH, the attorney representing Beckett [_sic_] Pte Ltd, has requested
(indirectly) that the 40% shares owned by Beckett at PT Adaro be immediately
returned to his client. The South Jakarta High Court has approved his request
of annulling the 16 decisions of the South Jakarta District Court that allowed
Deutsche Bank to sell the secured shares of PT Asminco Bara Utama of PT
Dianlia Setya Mukti owned by Edwin Soeryadjaya. If the parties involved fail
to comply, says Lucas, they will be reported to the authorities for conducting
criminal acts. …

**Has there been authorization from Beckett to report the crime?**

We will immediately report it. (However), we are still waiting. If they act in
good faith to return (our shares) then we will not report them. But if they do
not return [them], we will report the case to the police.

30 In another turn of events, on 30 March 2005, Beckkett commenced a fresh
civil action in Indonesia against DB, Asminco, SME, Adaro and IBT. However, on
8 April 2005, Beckkett applied to discontinue that action, which application
was pending at the time of the hearing of the present appeal before us. It was
of interest to note that Beckkett commenced this new action even though it had
stated that it could obtain an injunction in Indonesia by merely filing a
claim for a declaratory judgment.

**Principle against self-incrimination**

31 The principle against self-incrimination is part of the law of this land.
In _Lee Thin Tuan v Louis Vuitton_ [1992] 2 SLR 273, this court reiterated the
principle against self-incrimination and modified the terms of an order of
court requiring the appellant to provide information and documents concerning
the receipt and supply of goods bearing the trade marks belonging to the
respondent, as complying with that part of the order would “tend to
incriminate him and expose him to a criminal charge or charges under the Trade
Marks Act (Cap 322) and the Consumer Protection (Trade Descriptions And Safety
Requirements) Act (Cap 53)” (at 275, [4]). Another case which applied this
principle is _Guccio Gucci SpA v Sukhdav Singh_ [1992] 1 SLR 553.

32 In order to plead the privilege of self-incrimination, there “must be
grounds to apprehend danger to the [defendant], and those grounds must be
reasonable, rather than fanciful”: _per_ Staughton LJ in _Sociedade Nacional
de Combustiveis de Angola UEE v Lundqvist_ [1991] 2 QB 310 at 324. In the same
case, Beldam LJ put the point as follows (at 332):

[I]t is sufficient to support a claim to privilege against self-incrimination
that the answers sought might lead to a line of inquiry which would or might
form a significant step in the chain of evidence required for a prosecution.

33 Admittedly, there is a question mark as to whether the privilege against
self-incrimination extends to criminal proceedings in a foreign jurisdiction.
In _Brannigan v Davison_ [1997] AC 238, a case on appeal from New Zealand, the
Privy Council reviewed the cases on the subject from various common law
countries, including the United States. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead,
delivering the judgment of the Board, alluded to the difficulties of granting
the privilege against self-incrimination on account of prosecution under a
foreign jurisdiction, as follows (at 249):

It is the unqualified nature of the right, so valuable as a protection for the
witness, which gives rise to the problem when a foreign law element is
present. If the privilege were applicable when the risk of prosecution is
under the law of another country, the privilege would have the effect of
according primacy to foreign law in all cases. Another country’s decision on
what conduct does or does not attract criminal or penal sanctions would
rebound on the domestic court. The foreign law would override the domestic
court’s ability to conduct its proceedings in accordance with its own
procedures and law. If an answer would tend to expose the witness to a real
risk of prosecution under a foreign law then, whatever the nature of the
activity proscribed by the foreign law, the witness would have an absolute
right to refuse to answer the question, however important that answer might be
for the purposes of the domestic court’s proceedings.

34 However, the Board recognised that an absolute no-privilege rule _vis-à-
vis_ foreign prosecution could be harsh. Without offering a firm view on it,
Lord Nicholls observed (at 251):

This would be a harsh attitude. It would be a reproach to any legal system.
One would expect that a trial judge would have a measure of discretion. It
will be recalled that paragraph 11 of the Report of the Law Reform Committee
envisaged that the judge would exercise a discretion. Thus a further question
arises: where the self-incrimination privilege does not apply because the
feared prosecution is under foreign law, does the domestic court, under its
inherent power to conduct its process in a fair and reasonable manner,
nevertheless have a discretion to excuse a witness from giving self-
incriminating evidence?

35 As far as the position in the United Kingdom is concerned, by virtue of s
14 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 (c 64), the privilege against self-
incrimination only applies to criminal offences in the United Kingdom.
Notwithstanding this, Morritt J in _Arab Monetary Fund v Hashim_ [1989] 1 WLR
565 (“ _Hashim_ ”) held that if disclosure of a document could give rise to
self-incrimination in relation to the criminal law of a foreign state, that
was a factor which the court could take into account. Such an approach was
also adopted by the Court of Appeal in _Crédit Suisse Fides Trust SA v Cuoghi_
[1998] QB 818 (“ _Cuoghi_ ”). Beckkett conceded as much that this was a factor
which the court could take into account.

36 It seems to us that there must be a residual discretion in the court to
take into account the possibility of foreign prosecution to determine whether
to grant leave to a party seeking a release from the implied undertaking. We
see merits in the flexible approach adopted in _Hashim_ and _Cuoghi_.

37 In this regard, the conduct of Beckkett, as well as its Indonesian lawyers,
left us in considerable doubt as to what Beckkett’s real intentions were. Why
did Beckkett commence a second civil action in Indonesia and then seek to
withdraw it when Beckkett stated that it could obtain an injunction based on a
declaratory claim? The media reports as to what its Indonesian lawyers said
not only did not help matters, but raised doubts as to the _bona fides_ of
Beckkett. It seemed to us that Beckkett’s Indonesian lawyers were seeking the
return of the pledged shares by exerting pressure in the media. It was
significant to us that there was no subsequent correction or retraction of the
reports by Beckkett. While the 2002 investigation had ended with no criminal
action being filed against either DB or its officers, we were, in the
circumstances, not in the least confident that a fresh complaint might not be
made based on the disclosed documents.

38 The legal expert of DB, Mr Rahmat Bastian, had also stated that under
Indonesian law, the police could reopen the investigation at any time and that
there was no restriction of access by the police to court files. Thus, DB’s
apprehension of criminal proceedings was real and _bona fide_ and could not be
alleged to be fanciful or remote. In the affidavit filed by Mr Low Soon Heng
on behalf of DB on 5 April 2005, he stated that:

[DB] is under a real apprehension that the release of these documents to
[Beckkett] for use in Indonesia would tend to expose [DB] to criminal
proceedings in Indonesia.

39 The present case is different from that in _Hung Ka Ho v A-1 Office System
Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 379, where the defendant’s application to discharge an
_ex parte_ Anton Piller order was refused, as no affidavit was filed setting
out the basis on which the defendant sought to rely on the privilege against
self-incrimination. There, the claim to privilege was made by the defendant’s
counsel only in submissions without substantiation and was thus not accepted
by the court.

40 The case of _Omar v Omar_ ([13] _supra_) is different. Besides being a
tracing action, no criminal wrongdoing was alleged. So there was no question
of any prejudice arising.

41 We noted that DB had categorically stated that the sale of the pledged
shares to DSM was aboveboard and was proper. DB had disavowed any wrongdoing.
The fact that DB honestly (for present purposes, we assumed that this was the
position) felt that it did not do anything wrong or commit any offence, did
not mean that criminal investigations might not be re-commenced against it or
its officers or that criminal proceedings could not be formally brought
against them. That would be a decision for the Indonesian police or
prosecuting authorities to make. It would be wholly unfair to expect DB to
show how each of the documents would, in fact, incriminate it. As the judge
below rightly pointed out, the disavowal of wrongdoing did not mean that DB
could not reasonably entertain fears that it could be subjected to prosecution
in Indonesia. The following pronouncement by Lord Denning MR in _Rio Tinto
Zinc Corporation v Westinghouse Electric Corporation_ [1978] AC 547 at 574 is
germane:

It is for the judge to say whether there is reasonable ground or not.
Reasonable ground may appear from the circumstances of the case or from
matters put forward by the witness himself. He should not be compelled to go
into detail – because that may involve his disclosing the very matter to which
he takes objection. But if it appears to the judge that, by being compelled to
answer, a witness may be furnishing evidence against himself – which could be
used against _him_ in criminal proceedings or in proceedings for a penalty –
then his objection should be upheld.

42 In the result, we felt that if leave was granted to Beckkett to be released
from its implied undertaking, there would be a real risk that DB might have to
face criminal investigation or prosecution in Indonesia. There would be
prejudice to DB. For this reason alone, leave should not be given to allow
Beckkett to use the disclosed documents to obtain an injunction in Indonesia.
We now turn to deal briefly with two other points raised in arguments.

**Are damages an adequate remedy?**

43 Beckkett argued that it was not asking for a Mareva injunction but an
injunction to preserve the subject matter of the claim in Suit 326. There was,
therefore, no requirement that Beckkett show that damages would be an
inadequate remedy. The pledged Adaro shares, amounting to 40% of the total
shares in Adaro, constituted a substantial block of shares in a private
company which operated the largest coal mine in Indonesia. Beckkett thus
averred that damages would not be an adequate remedy for shares of such a
nature, relying on Spry, _The Principles of Equitable Remedies_ (Law Book
Company, 6th Ed, 2001) at p 64. In this regard, Beckkett emphasised the fact
that its claim in Suit 326 was for breach of mortgagee’s duties and for
conspiracy, and one of the reliefs claimed was to have the sale of the pledged
shares set aside. There was no reason why Beckkett should, at this stage, be
confined to the remedy of damages alone.

44 The trial judge stated that Beckkett did not assert any special interest or
value in the pledged shares beyond their monetary worth. However, Beckkett
placed special emphasis on the shares of Adaro. First, Adaro was a private
company. Second, the block of pledged Adaro shares constituted 40% of the
shares in Adaro. It was thus a substantial shareholding. Third, Adaro runs the
biggest coal mine in Indonesia. Fourth, it would not be easy to acquire such a
block of shares in Adaro. It is true that Beckkett’s original claim was in
damages, _ie_ , that the sale of the shares to DSM was at an undervalue.
However, it amended the Statement of Claim after further discovery, and asked
for the sale of the pledged shares to DSM to be set aside on the ground of
conspiracy. On the authority of _Tse Kwong Lam v Wong Chit Sen_ [1983] 1 WLR
1349, a Privy Council decision on appeal from Hong Kong, and _Latec
Investments Limited v Hotel Terrigal Pty Limited_ (1965) 113 CLR 265 (“ _Latec
Investments_ ”), a decision of the Australian High Court, one of the remedies
which Beckkett could be entitled to, and for which it has prayed, is to have
the sale by DB to DSM of the pledged shares, including the Adaro shares, set
aside and have the equity of redemption restored to it. Therefore, _prima
facie_ , damages would not be an adequate remedy for the loss of the equity of
redemption.

**_Bona fide_ purchaser without notice**

45 However, the injunction which Beckkett seeks in Indonesia is not in
relation to the sale of the pledged shares by DB to DSM, but to restrain DSM
from further selling the shares to other purchasers. Beckkett wished to
prevent the situation of a purchaser for value without notice from arising.

46 It is settled law that a _bona fide_ purchaser of the pledged shares from
DSM, without notice of the defect in DSM’s title to them, would be protected
and such a transaction could not be set aside: see _Latec Investments Ltd_
([44] _supra_). Beckkett said that it was to prevent such a _bona fide_
purchaser without notice from coming into the picture that it was essential
that an injunction be obtained in Indonesia to restrain DSM from disposing of
the pledged shares to any other party.

47 However, any potential purchaser of DSM’s 40% share in Adaro would not be
any small-time uninformed individual. In terms of value, the deal would
involve a colossal sum, running into hundreds of millions of dollars. On
Beckkett’s own evidence, it had written to all potentially interested parties,
including some big corporate names, to put them on notice that any purchase of
those shares in Adaro could be affected by Beckkett’s prior rights and
interest in those shares.

48 In addition, notices were also inserted by Beckkett in the major Indonesian
newspapers warning the public of its interest in the pledged shares. A
purchaser of the Adaro shares with notice of Beckkett’s interest to them would
not, _vis-à-vis_ Beckkett, possess any better title to those shares than DSM,
and that transaction may be set aside: see _Clough v The London and North
Western Railway Company_ [1871] LR 7 Exch 26. An investor of such a magnitude
would invariably have conducted due diligence before completing the purchase.
It was unimaginable that such an investor could, after due diligence, be
ignorant of the dispute between Beckkett and DB as to those shares. And if
such an investor was willing to complete the transaction in the face of such
knowledge, then it must have been that it had made its calculations and was
prepared to take the risk or that it had been given an adequate assurance.

49 Thus the concern that a _bona fide_ purchaser without notice might come
into the picture would, in our view, be remote.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jul 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

