Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Tang Yoke Kheng (ex parte Lek Benedict and another)  
[2005] SGHC 214

Case Number | : | Bankruptcy P No 797/2005, RA 155/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Fung Peen (Lim Ang John and Tan LLC) for the petitioning creditors; Roderick Martin (Martin and Partners) and Trinel Chakraborty (T C Siva and Partners) for the debtor   
Parties | : | —  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Petition – Petitioning creditors both directors
and shareholders of company – Debtor funding action by liquidator of company
against petitioning creditors – Debtor also creditor of company – Whether
exceptional circumstances warranting stay of bankruptcy proceedings existing  
  

14 November 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The petitioning creditors, Mr Lek Benedict (“Lek”) and Mr Lim Wee Chuan
(“Lim”), appealed against the decision of the assistant registrar, Mr Vincent
Leow, to stay their bankruptcy proceedings against Mdm Tang Yoke Kheng (“Mdm
Tang”) on condition that the money owed by Mdm Tang to Lek and Lim is paid
into court.

**Background**

2 Mdm Tang and her husband, Mr Chan Chon Tuck, were ordered to pay costs when
Suit No 864 of 2003, which they instituted against Lek and Lim for conducting
a business with intent to defraud creditors, was dismissed in September 2004
by Andrew Ang JC (as he then was), whose decision (see _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek
Benedict (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR 788) was affirmed by the Court of Appeal. The
bankruptcy proceedings initiated by Lek and Lim against Mdm Tang relate to the
non-payment of the costs of the dismissed action.

3 For a better understanding of the assistant registrar’s decision to stay the
bankruptcy proceedings on terms, the background of the dismissed action and of
an earlier suit, Suit No 21 of 2002, must be considered. Mdm Tang traded in
Bohemian crystal goods under the name of her company, “Niklex Supply Company”.
She was the principal supplier of such goods to Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd
(“Amrae”), of which Lek and Lim are shareholders and directors.

4 Amrae, which paid Mdm Tang more than $5m for Bohemian crystal goods, made
its last purchase from Mdm Tang in December 1999. The goods that were ordered
were delivered in February and April 2000. From about that time, Amrae, which
still owed Mdm Tang a substantial amount of money for unpaid goods, obtained
its supplies from other sources. Lek said that he and Lim feared that Mdm Tang
would wind up Amrae. As such, in June 2001, they bought a shelf company,
called Axum. Lim said that a new company was required to obtain goods from new
suppliers at cheaper prices so as to earn better profits to pay off Amrae’s
debts.

5 Between July 2001 and June 2002, Amrae sold to Axum $1,268,983.02 worth of
Bohemian crystal goods. Although Axum paid Amrae $713,831.38 for the goods,
not a single cent was paid to Mdm Tang. Instead, the money was utiltised by
Lek and Lim to pay themselves, _inter alia_ , backdated directors’ fees under
circumstances where a question as to unfair preference by an insolvent company
arose.

6 Mdm Tang instituted Suit No 21 of 2002 to recover around $1.5m from Amrae.
On 21 August 2002, she obtained judgment for $245,226.02 for part of her claim
and on 5 September 2002, a consent judgment was entered against Amrae for the
sum of $821,000.00. The total sum awarded to Mdm Tang in Suit No 21 of 2002
was thus $1,066,226.02.

7 Mdm Tang only managed to recover $59,710.46 from Amrae by way of a Sheriff’s
sale. This left more than $1m of the judgment debt unsatisfied. On 19
September 2003, Mdm Tang obtained a winding-up order against Amrae.

8 Mdm Tang’s next move to recover the money still owed to her by Amrae proved
to be a costly mistake. On 25 September 2003, she commenced Suit No 864 of
2003 against Amrae’s directors, Lek and Lim. Numerous allegations of fraud
were made, including a claim that Lek and Lim caused Amrae to continue trading
with her even though they knew that their company was insolvent and that they
caused the dissipation of Amrae’s assets by, _inter alia_ , paying salaries
and bonuses to themselves in 2000 and 2001 when the company was already
insolvent.

9 As far as the allegation of undue preference is concerned, the trial judge,
Andrew Ang JC, who noted that Amrae did not use any part of the $713,831.38 it
received from Axum to pay Mdm Tang, observed in [23] of his judgment as
follows:

[Amrae] could have used the money to keep up instalment payments to the
plaintiff but did not. I am not persuaded by the first and second defendants’
reasons for stopping the instalment payments. In my view, at the time these
repayments of loans were made, [Amrae] was already insolvent, the plaintiff’s
demand of 31 January 2001 not having been met. … _A case could well be made
out for saying that in making these and other payments (such as the payment of
directors’ fees accrued from previous years) [Amrae] was unfairly preferring
the defendants over the plaintiff._ [emphasis added]

10 Ang JC also noted that in many instances, money paid by Amrae to Lek and
Lim was channelled by way of loan or otherwise to Axum, which then paid back
the money to Amrae on the very same day or shortly thereafter to reduce the
outstanding amount owed by Axum to Amrae. In other words, the money “simply
went one full circle”. All the same, the trail judge held that however
“strongly suggestive of unfair preference they may be”, the facts were
insufficient to warrant a finding that Lek and Lim were liable for fraudulent
trading under s 340(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed). Mdm Tang’s
appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed: see _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek
Benedict_ [2005] 3 SLR 263.

11 The taxed costs for Mdm Tang’s failed action against Lek and Lim were
adjusted to $181,698.98 on 3 February 2005. M/s Lim Ang John & Tan LLC,
solicitors for Lek and Lim, served a statutory demand on Mdm Tang on 7
February 2005. A Bankruptcy Petition was filed on 10 March 2005 and served on
16 March 2005. At a bankruptcy hearing on 27 May 2005, Mdm Tang paid $26,000
and sought an adjournment. The balance due to Lek and Lim remains unpaid.

12 It is pertinent to note at this juncture that on 9 June 2005, Amrae’s
liquidator commenced Suit No 424 of 2005 against Lek, Lim and Axum for the
recovery of preferential payments to them. As Mdm Tang is Amrae’s main
creditor, she stands to gain if the liquidator succeeds in his action against
Lek, Lim and Axum.

**The assistant registrar’s decision**

13 Before the assistant registrar, Mdm Tang, who applied for a stay of the
bankruptcy proceedings, with or without terms, contended that in deciding
whether to allow the bankruptcy proceedings to continue, the unusual
circumstances of her case ought to be taken into account. In paras 30 and 31
of her affidavit filed on 8 June 2005, she stated:

I understand from the Liquidator [of Amrae] that in his preliminary findings,
… there is clearly a sum of $419,435.93 and $280,229.00 which was paid up to
the Directors when the company was clearly insolvent, evidencing preferential
payments. There is also a sum of $400,000 which is due from Axum to [Amrae] …

I verily believe that when the Liquidator finishes his investigations, the
amount to be [collected] back from [Lek and Lim] will be much higher.

14 Mdm Tang pointed out that she is Amrae’s main creditor and that the only
two other creditors of that company are Lek and Lim, whose claims have to be
studied very closely by the company’s liquidator. As such, she was effectively
the main beneficiary of any amount that Amrae’s liquidator recovers from Lek,
Lim and Axum. She also pointed out that she is the person financing the
liquidator’s action against Lek, Lim and Axum and if she is made a bankrupt,
Lek and Lim, who claim to be Amrae’s creditors, are not going to finance an
action by the liquidator against themselves. She accused Lek and Lim of trying
to bankrupt her so as to ensure that Amrae’s liquidator is left with no funds
to continue his suit against them.

15 The assistant registrar stayed the bankruptcy proceedings pending the
outcome of the liquidator’s claim against Lek and Lim but on condition that
the money owed by Mdm Tang to Lek and Lim be paid into court. In his notes, he
explained the basis for his decision as follows:

The position is that the petitioning creditor here may potentially owe
substantial sums to [Amrae] and that the debtors here are substantial
creditors of [Amrae] … [Mdm Tang and Chan] plead that if they are made
bankrupt, then the liquidator of Amrae will not be able to proceed against the
petitioning creditors because they being the main creditors of [Amrae] are the
ones funding the liquidator. Hence, they contend that this is an abuse of
process …

16 It was agreed by the parties that $200,000.00 was due to Lek and Lim and
this sum has since been paid into court. Dissatisfied with the outcome of the
hearing, Lek and Lim appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision.

**The appeal**

17 Lek and Lim asserted that there is no reason why Mdm Tang should be allowed
to avoid paying taxed costs at this juncture. They referred to the following
passage from MPH Rubin J’s judgment in _Sia Leng Yuen v Ko Chun Shun Johnson
(No 2)_ [2003] 4 SLR 128 at [18]:

Costs, as defined in _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (6th Ed), refer to “pecuniary
allowance, made to the successful party (and recoverable from the losing
party), for his expenses in prosecuting or defending an action or a distinct
proceeding within an action”. It was no more than just a reimbursement of
expenses incurred and resources laid out. In my view, exceptional
circumstances should be shown to the court to delay or postpone such an
element of reimbursement.

18 Section 64(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), which gives the
court the power to stay or dismiss proceedings in bankruptcy proceedings,
provides as follows:

The court may at any time, for sufficient reason, make an order staying the
proceedings on a bankruptcy petition, either altogether or for a limited time,
on such terms and conditions as the court may think just.

19 The question before the court is whether or not there is sufficient reason
for the bankruptcy proceedings to be stayed on the terms imposed by the
assistant registrar. In _Re E E Manasseh_ [1938] MLJ 225, the Straits
Settlements Court of Appeal stayed bankruptcy proceedings on terms. In this
case, the judgment creditor, who successfully defended himself in an action by
the plaintiff, instituted bankruptcy proceedings against the latter when he
was not paid the costs of the action, which amounted to $6,724.95. In the
meantime, the plaintiff lodged an appeal against the dismissal of his action.
McElwaine CJ, who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, ordered a
stay of the bankruptcy proceedings on condition that the plaintiff deposited
in court security for the costs of the appeal, which were estimated at $3,500.

20 Admittedly, in the present case, the costs that are due to Lek and Lim
relate to an action that has already had the consideration of the Court of
Appeal and Mdm Tang is not a party to the action instituted by Amrae’s
liquidator against Lek and Lim. All the same, in the rather unusual
circumstances of this case, Amrae’s liquidator’s action ought not to be
ignored. Mdm Tang rightly pointed out that the reality of the situation is
that if the liquidator of Amrae succeeds in his action against Lek and Lim,
the two of them will have to pay to her a very much larger sum than the
$200,000 that she owes them for the costs of her failed action against them.
She reiterated that she is, as Amrae’s main creditor, financing the
liquidator’s claim against Lek and Lim and that Lek and Lim were using the
present bankruptcy proceedings to bankrupt her so that Amrae’s liquidator
would be without funds to continue the action against them to recover the
amount they paid themselves at a time when the company was already insolvent.

21 In Suit No 864 of 2003, Ang JC rightly pointed out that Lek and Lim could
have ensured that money paid to Amrae by Axum be paid to Mdm Tang but they did
not do so as much of it went into their own pockets. In seeking to persuade
the court to lift the stay on the bankruptcy proceedings, Lek and Lim asserted
that Amrae’s liquidator’s claim against them has no realistic prospect of
success. This contention is a self-serving one. Both the trial judge and the
Court of Appeal commented on the propriety of many of the payments by Amrae to
Lek and Lim. Indeed, at [27] of his judgment, Ang JC, who made it clear that
he was dismissing Mdm Tang’s claim against Lim and Lek “with some regret”,
went so far as to add:

It is still open to the plaintiff to request the Official Receiver (or any
other liquidator appointed in his stead) to consider instituting proceedings
against any creditors who may have been unfairly preferred for the recovery of
moneys paid by the Company. I am unable to say more as the question whether or
not there had been unfair preference was not before me. [emphasis added]

22 It is also worth noting that when commenting on the decision of Ang JC,
Choo Han Teck J, who delivered the judgement of the Court of Appeal, said at
[5] as follows:

The trial judge accepted that the money received by [Amrae] was used to pay
directors’ fees accrued over the years rather than to pay the appellant. On
these facts, the trial judge could infer that the Company indulged in
fraudulent trading, or that it had merely exercised undue preference to one
creditor over another. The trial judge inferred that it was the latter.

23 In the present case, there are exceptional circumstances to warrant a stay
of the bankruptcy petition against Mdm Tang even though this may result in a
delay in her payment of costs to Lek and Lim. Pending the decision of the High
Court on the claim against Lek and Lim by Amrae’s liquidator, their position
is safeguarded as Mdm Tang has already paid $200,000 into court. The appeal
against the assistant registrar’s decision was thus dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

