Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Firstwaters Pte Ltd v Lindeteves-Jacoberg Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 200

Case Number | : | Suit 384/2005, RA 235/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anthony Lee (Bih Li and Lee) and Ng Hweelon (Shenton LLC) for the appellant; Kelvin Poon (Rajah and Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Firstwaters Pte Ltd — Lindeteves-Jacoberg Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Business consultancy suing company for
commission owed pursuant to agreement between them – Business consultancy and
company disagreeing on interpretation of agreement – Business consultancy
appealing against assistant registrar's decision to strike out claim pursuant
to O 18 r 19 Rules of Court – Whether claim clearly unsustainable – Whether
claim should be struck out – O 18 r 19 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev
Ed)  
  

28 October 2005

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Firstwaters Pte Ltd (“FPL”), a company involved in business
management and consultancy services, instituted an action against the
respondent, Lindeteves-Jacoberg Limited (“LJL”), for fees payable under a
contract for the introduction of investors to the latter. LJL succeeded in
persuading the assistant registrar to strike out FPL’s Statement of Claim. FPL
appealed against the striking out of its claim.

2 At the material time, LJL was in the process of restructuring itself. It
intended to raise working capital by way of a sale or the securitisation of
some of its assets. Under an agreement (“the engagement agreement”) dated 14
July 2004, FPL agreed to provide consultancy services to LJL to assist the
latter in its restructuring exercise and in raising the required working
capital.

3 The remuneration for FPL’s services was provided for under s 3(a) of the
engagement agreement, which was as follows:

If, during the term of this agreement, [FPL] introduces an investor … to the
Company and the Company or any of its related companies or associated
companies of LJL (the “Group”) enters into agreement with the [i]nvestor or
its associated or related companies to acquire or securitise any assets of the
Company (the “Transaction”), a success fee ... of one percent (1%) of the net
proceeds from the Transaction … will be payable within thirty days of the
completion of such agreement.

4 In due course, FPL introduced International Factors (Singapore) Ltd (“IFS”)
to LJL in July 2005. According to FPL, LJL and IFS then negotiated a
structured factoring agreement. In November 2004, a press release by IFS
revealed that the deal, which was worth €20m, was made between IFS and LJL’s
German subsidiary, Schorch Elektrische Maschinen und Antriebe GmbH
(“Schorch”).

5 On 12 November 2004, FPL invoiced LJL for $428,000 or €200,000, the sum
being 1% of the value of the agreement with IFS. As this sum was not paid, FPL
instituted legal proceedings to recover it.

6 LJL applied for FPL’s claim to be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19(_a_),
(_b_) and/or (_d_) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). LJL
asserted that FPL’s pleaded case was “entirely unsustainable”. It pointed out
that under para 3 of the Statement of Claim, FPL had pleaded that it was a
term of the engagement agreement that it would be paid a success fee if LJL or
any of its related companies or associated companies enter into an agreement
with an investor to acquire or securitise “any assets of the Defendants”.
However, it was the assets of a subsidiary, namely Schorch, and not LJL’s
assets, that had been securitised. As such, LJL contended that FPL’s claim did
not have a leg to stand on.

7 In reply, FPL contended that while s 3(a) of the engagement agreement could
have been more clearly worded, it was evident, if s 3(b) was read together
with it, that the parties intended that the said agreement would cover the
securitisation of LJL’s assets as well as the assets of its subsidiaries.
After hearing the parties, the assistant registrar struck out FPL’s claim.

**The appeal**

8 An application to strike out a claim under O 18 r 19 can only succeed if a
clear case has been made out for such a course of action. In _Dyson v
Attorney-General_ [1911] 1 KB 410 at 419, Fletcher-Moulton LJ remarked that a
plaintiff should not be “driven from the judgment seat” and in _Tan Eng Khiam
v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 798 at 803, [31], G P Selvam JC (as he then
was) explained why courts are reluctant to strike out a claim summarily in the
following terms:

Courts are reluctant to strike out a claim summarily either under O 18 r 19 of
the [Rules of Court] or the inherent jurisdiction. This is anchored on the
judicial policy to afford a litigant the right to institute a bona fide claim
before the courts and to prosecute it in the usual way. Whenever possible the
courts will let the plaintiff proceed with the action unless his case is
wholly and clearly unarguable …

9 That the court’s discretion to strike out an action is to be used sparingly
has been reiterated by the Court of Appeal on numerous occasions. Wherever
possible, the court would allow a plaintiff to amend his statement of claim
rather than strike out the action. (See, for instance, _Tan Soo Leng David v
Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 481 and _Ko Teck Siang v Low Fong
Mei_ [1992] 1 SLR 454). In _Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2000] 1 SLR 517 at
[12], L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said:

The jurisdiction to strike out a statement of claim, whether under the Rules
of Court or under the court’s inherent jurisdiction, is only exercised in a
plain and obvious case. In general, the court’s approach to an application to
strike out the statement of claim is to consider if the deficiency or defect
therein, on the basis of which the application was made, could be cured by an
amendment, and would prefer to allow an amendment rather than to take the
drastic course of striking it out.

10 In the present case, LJL sought leave to amend para 3 of its Statement of
Claim to clarify matters. It asserted that despite the wording of s 3(a) of
the engagement agreement, the parties had intended that this clause would also
cover the securitisation of the assets of LJL’s subsidiaries. It added that
the real intention of the parties would be apparent if s 3(b) of the
engagement contract was taken into account. Section 3(b), which concerns the
consequences of a termination by LJL of the said agreement, provides that FLP
is entitled upon the termination of the engagement agreement to 50% of the
success fee payable as calculated according to s 3(a) if during the period of
12 months after such termination, an investor enters into an agreement “to
invest or acquire assets of [LJL] or its subsidiaries and associated
companies”. FLP asserted it does not make sense if it is entitled to a payment
for the securitisation of the assets of LJL’s subsidiary after the termination
of the engagement contract but not if the said securitisation takes place
before the said contract has been terminated.

11 Reliance was placed on the following passage from the judgment of Kelly CB
in _Gwyn v The Neath Canal Navigation Company_ (1868) LR 3  
Exch 209 at 215, which was cited with approval by Lord Lowry in
_Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta v J N E Butcher, Bain Dawes Ltd_ [1989] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 331 at 345:

The result of all the authorities is, that when a court of law can clearly
collect from the language within the four corners of a deed, or instrument in
writing, the real intentions of the parties, they are bound to give effect to
it by supplying anything necessarily to be inferred from the terms used, and
by rejecting as superfluous whatever is repugnant to the intention so
discerned.

12 Whether FPL’s assertion in relation to the interpretation of s 3(a) of the
engagement agreement is tenable remains to be seen. What is evident at this
juncture is that it would be premature to strike out its claim. I thus granted
leave to FPL to amend its Statement of Claim and reversed the decision of the
assistant registrar on the striking out of its claim.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

