Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Beng Leong v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 22

Case Number | : | MA 114/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC, Ganga Avadiar (Allen and Gledhill) and Mimi Oh (Mimi Oh and Associates) for the appellant; Winston Cheng and Aaron Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ong Beng Leong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Prevention of Corruption Act – Use of
false documents with intent to deceive principal – Whether appellant knowing
documents false – Whether appellant having intent to deceive – Whether offence
requiring actual deception – Section 6(c) Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1993 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Use of false
documents with intent to deceive principal – Whether trial judge should have
considered appellant's prior military conviction and punishment when
sentencing appellant – Whether sentence of two months' imprisonment on each of
ten charges manifestly excessive – Section 108(2) Singapore Armed Forces Act
(Cap 295, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – Meaning of "use" and "other document" – Section 6(c)
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)  
  

1 February 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was convicted in the District Court of ten charges of using
false documents with intent to deceive his principal, an offence under s 6(c)
of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”): see [2004]
SGDC 215. Another 57 similar charges were taken into consideration, and he was
sentenced to two months’ imprisonment on each of the ten charges. The
sentences in three charges were ordered to run consecutively, bringing his
total sentence to six months’ imprisonment. He appealed against both
conviction and sentence. I dismissed the appeal against conviction but allowed
the appeal against sentence. I now give my reasons.

**Facts**

2 The Singapore Armed Forces (“SAF”) set up the Training Resource Management
Centre (“TRMC”) in April 1999. TRMC, which was a consolidation of the SAF’s
Training Means Branch and the Training Means Support Branch from the Camp
Commandant Office, was tasked with the management and maintenance of all
training areas and facilities belonging to the SAF in Singapore.

3 The appellant, a Lieutenant-Colonel with the SAF, was the Commanding Officer
(“CO”) of TRMC between 1999 and 2001. As CO, he was responsible for overseeing
the entire TRMC, which was broadly organised into the following departments:
Administration & Finance, Resources & Operations and Maintenance. The present
charges relate to the manner in which the Maintenance Department allocated
work to the construction company, Sin Hiaptat.

**_SAF procedure_**

4 According to GS Planning Directive No 3 of 2000 (“Directive P77”), the
proper procedure for processing requests for maintenance works of up to $5,000
was as follows:

(a) Upon identification of the works required, an approval of requirement form
(“AOR”) would be prepared. This internal document would specify the scope of
the works and their estimated cost, and also verify that they were necessary
and within the budget.

(b) The completed AOR would be sent to the relevant authority for approval.
According to Annex C of Directive P77, the relevant approving authority in
this case was the CO of TRMC, _ie_ , the appellant.

(c) Once the AOR was approved, the unit could either appoint a Ministry of
Defence (“MINDEF”) term contractor to carry out the works, or source for three
quotations from independent contractors.

(d) If the unit chose to source for quotations, three separate companies would
be invited to submit quotations for the works. A contractor, usually the one
who submitted the lowest quotation, would then be selected.

(e) A work order would be prepared and issued to the chosen contractor, who
would only commence work after the issue of the work order.

(f) After the completion of the work, the contractor would submit an invoice
for payment. The unit would verify the works before making payment.

5 If the value of the works exceeded $5,000, the unit would have to obtain a
cost estimate from the Defence Science & Technology Agency – Building and
Infrastructure (“DSTA BI”) Regional Office and put up an AOR based on this.
The work order for such works would be prepared by DSTA BI instead of TRMC.

**_The events in TRMC_**

6 Unfortunately, TRMC’s Maintenance Department failed to comply with the
practice outlined above. Instead, maintenance works valued at up to $10,000
were regularly allocated to Sin Hiaptat without first sourcing for two other
quotations from independent companies. Ong Chye Tab (“Ong”), the sole
proprietor of Sin Hiaptat, also commenced work before any AORs or work orders
were prepared. After each project was completed, Ong directed his secretary,
Khoo Swee Im (“Khoo”), to prepare a quotation from Sin Hiaptat as well as two
forged quotations from other companies. All three quotations were backdated to
give the appearance that they were prepared before the maintenance works had
commenced. To justify awarding the contract to Sin Hiaptat, Ong also
instructed Khoo to ensure that Sin Hiaptat’s quotation was invariably the
lowest of the three quotations submitted.

7 Once the quotations were received by TRMC, the staff of the Maintenance
Department would prepare and backdate the AORs and work orders to conceal the
fact that the prescribed procedure had not been followed. During his tenure as
CO, the appellant signed several AORs and work orders relating to these
maintenance works. The irregularities were only discovered when Lieutenant-
Colonel Phang Chee Keng (“LTC Phang”) succeeded the appellant as CO on 15
December 2001. After some staff members alerted him to the problem, LTC Phang
contacted his superior and an investigation was launched.

**_SAF trial and the present charges_**

8 After the investigation, the SAF conducted a summary trial against the
appellant pursuant to ss 21 and 25 of the Singapore Armed Forces Act (Cap 295,
2000 Rev Ed) (“SAF Act”). The appellant took command responsibility for the
breaches, and was fined a total of $2,250.

9 He also faced separate criminal sanction in the form of 67 charges of
knowingly using false quotations with intent to deceive his principal, an
offence under s 6(c) of the PCA. The charges corresponded to 67 forged
quotations submitted by Sin Hiaptat to TRMC. In the court below, the
Prosecution elected to proceed on the first ten charges (District Arrest Cases
(“DACs”) Nos 48307 to 48316 of 2003), which formed the subject of the present
appeals.

**The Prosecution’s case**

10 According to the Prosecution, the appellant knew that Ong regularly
submitted false quotations after each project to create the impression that
the work had been awarded to Sin Hiaptat in accordance with proper procedure.
The charges against the appellant, which were identical save for differences
in the details of the quotations, stated that:

You, Ong Beng Leong, are charged that you, sometime in 2001, in Singapore,
being an agent, to wit, the Commanding Officer attached to Training Resource
Management Centre in the employ of the Singapore Armed Forces, did knowingly
use with intent to deceive your principal, namely the said Singapore Armed
Forces, a quotation … in respect of which your principal was interested, and
which was false and which to your knowledge was intended to mislead your
principal and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section
6(c) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, Chapter 241.

**The defence**

11 As a preliminary point, the appellant took issue with the application of
Directive P77 to TRMC, as it only referred to “local camps” and not training
areas. In his view, the proper directives were MINDEF Finance Directive
5500/14/C and the General Orders of MINDEF which, read together, entitled him
to call for quotations of up to $20,000, rather than the $5,000 limit
stipulated in Directive P77.

12 The appellant also disclaimed any knowledge of the irregularities in the
paperwork. While he did not dispute that he had signed the AORs and work
orders for the offending projects, he claimed that he had no time to examine
the quotations in detail. Having many other responsibilities as CO, he was
forced to rely on his staff in the department, including Kat Boon It (“Kat”),
the head of Maintenance, and his subordinates, Jeff Koh and Patrick Chua.

**The decision below**

**_Directive P77_**

13 The district judge first observed that the appellant was not being charged
with breaching Directive P77. The directive was only relevant to the
proceedings if it could be shown that the appellant had _knowingly_ breached
it, since the Prosecution relied on this to substantiate its case that the
appellant _knew_ the quotations were false.

14 After considering the various directives adduced by both the Prosecution
and the Defence, the district judge found that the specific references to TRMC
and training areas in Annex C sufficiently proved that Directive P77 did apply
to TRMC. However, he also accepted that the text of the directive was
ambiguous, as the reference to “local camps” may or may not have included
training areas under TRMC’s charge. As the appellant’s opinion that the
directive did not apply to TRMC was not so outrageous or incredible that it
could not be believed, the Prosecution had failed to prove that the appellant
had knowingly breached Directive P77. Therefore, the fact that the directive
was not complied with did not add anything to the determination of whether the
appellant knew that the quotations were false.

**_The charges_**

15 The appellant was charged under s 6(c) of the PCA, which provides that:

If any person knowingly gives to an agent, or _if an agent knowingly uses with
intent to deceive his principal, any_ receipt, account or other _document in
respect of which the principal is interested_ , and which _contains any
statement which is false_ or erroneous or defective in any material
particular, and which _to his knowledge is intended to mislead the principal,_
he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both. [emphasis added]

16 Therefore, the essential elements of each of the ten charges against the
appellant were that:

(a) he was an agent of the SAF;

(b) the quotations were false;

(c) the quotations were receipts, accounts or other documents in respect of
which the SAF was interested;

(d) he had used the quotations knowing they were false and intended to mislead
the SAF; and

(e) he intended to deceive the SAF.

17 It was undisputed that the quotations were false (sub-para (b) of [16]
above). The district judge also had little difficulty in finding that the
appellant was an agent of the SAF, and that the quotations were documents in
respect of which the SAF was interested (sub-paras (a) and (c) of [16] above).
The main issues in contention were:

(a) whether the quotations were “used” within the meaning of s 6(c) of the
PCA;

(b) the extent of the appellant’s knowledge of the false quotations; and

(c) whether the appellant intended to deceive the SAF.

_“Use” in s 6(c) PCA_

18 Drawing support from the decision of the High Court in _Knight v PP_ [1992]
1 SLR 720, the appellant argued that s 6(c) was the PCA’s equivalent of
cheating under the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), and the word “use” in s
6(c) should be restricted to mean “use to cheat”.

19 At 728, [20] of his judgment in _Knight v PP_ , L P Thean J made the
following comments on s 6(c) of the PCA:

The charge under s 6(c) of the Act does not imply any corruption at all. The
word “corruptly” which is present in paras (a) and (b) of s 6 is absent in
para (c). But the offence under s 6(c) does imply an element of dishonesty.
_In effect, it is an offence of cheating under a different statutory
provision_. On the facts admitted by the appellant, he could be charged for
cheating under s 417 or s 420 of the Code. [emphasis added]

20 The district judge disagreed with the appellant’s interpretation of _Knight
v PP_ and its purported restriction of s 6(c). In his view, Thean J was merely
making an observation on the facts of that particular case, and his words
should not be read to mean that the ingredients of s 6(c) and the Penal Code
offences of cheating were identical in every respect. The district judge
therefore held that the word “use” in s 6(c) should be given its natural
meaning, _ie_ , “to employ to any purpose”: _Chandos Pte Ltd v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [1987] SLR 287 at 298, [27], subject to the proviso that the
document had to be used for the purpose of misleading the principal. In this
case, the quotations were “used” in the relevant sense as the appellant and
his staff had used them to mislead the SAF into believing that TRMC had
complied with the relevant guidelines for work procurement.

_Extent of the appellant’s knowledge_

21 The crux of the case, and much of the evidence, centred on the appellant’s
knowledge of the irregularities in the Maintenance Department’s paperwork. For
the charges against the appellant to be made out, the Prosecution had to prove
that he knew that the quotations were false and that he intended to mislead
the SAF. To a large extent, the determination of this factual question
depended on the district judge’s assessment of the veracity of the witnesses.

22 In evaluating the evidence of the staff in charge of the offending projects
(Kat, Jeff Koh and Patrick Chua), the district judge acknowledged that they
were accomplices who may have had an incentive to downplay their role.
Nevertheless, he found their evidence to be honest and consistent in most of
the material particulars. In fact, their evidence that they had brought
certain irregularities to the appellant’s attention was corroborated by the
appellant himself. In his testimony in court, the appellant conceded that Kat
and Jeff Koh had gone to see him sometime between April and May 1999 to
highlight certain problems in the paperwork for Sin Hiaptat.

23 A cursory examination of the documents also revealed various suspicious
elements. Most significantly, the two other quotations for all the maintenance
works invariably came from the same few companies, and the prices quoted were
always several thousand dollars more expensive than Sin Hiaptat’s. This,
coupled with the evidence from the staff, convinced the district judge that
the appellant must have known of Ong’s practice of submitting false
quotations. This finding was further bolstered by the appellant’s police
statement recorded on 5 September 2002 (“the statement”). In para 53 of the
statement, the appellant admitted that when he signed and stamped the AORs, he

knew all along that works were already done before the quotations and Ong Chye
Tab would definitely get the job. The purpose of having three quotations to be
in place was just for documentation purposes. When I signed my name as the
approving officer, I knew that such documents were [_sic_] be falsely
interpreted that there were three quotations when in fact it was not true.

When confronted with the statement in court, he flatly denied any such
knowledge at the material time. This, along with other material
inconsistencies between the statement and his subsequent testimony, led the
district judge to impeach the appellant’s credit and prefer the evidence in
his statement over his testimony in court.

_Intention to deceive_

24 The district judge noted at [240] of his Grounds of Decision:

Very often, motive is confused with intention. Motive refers to the subjective
reasons a person may have for acting whereas intention connotes cognition. A
person can be said to intend a certain consequence if he does an act with the
desire to produce the consequence or if he foresaw the consequence as a
virtual certainty: _R v Woolin_ [1998] 3 WLR 382 (House of Lords).

25 Based on the evidence, the district judge found that the appellant had in
all likelihood known and approved of Ong’s practice of submitting false
quotations. Since the only reason for creating these false quotations must
have been to deceive the SAF into believing that proper procedures had been
complied with, the final essential ingredient of s 6(c) was also proved, and
the appellant was convicted on all ten charges.

**_Sentence_**

26 The offence of using false documents with intent to deceive is punishable
with imprisonment for up to five years, or a fine not exceeding $100,000, or
both. Although the appellant did not receive any pecuniary benefit from his
offences, the district judge found several aggravating factors that justified
the imposition of a substantial custodial sentence. In particular, the
appellant had committed these offences in his official capacity as CO, public
funds were involved, and the dishonest practice of the department had severely
undermined the SAF’s safeguards against corruption. The remaining 57 similar
charges (DACs Nos 48317–48373 of 2003) were also taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing.

27 Considering all the relevant circumstances, including the appellant’s past
contributions to the SAF as well as his loss of employment as a result of the
conviction, the district judge sentenced him to two months’ imprisonment on
each of the ten charges. The sentences in DACs Nos 48307, 48309 and 48316 of
2003 were ordered to run consecutively, bringing the appellant’s total
sentence to six months’ imprisonment.

28 The appellant appealed against both conviction and sentence.

**The appeal against conviction**

29 The appellant’s grounds of appeal centred on the same points raised in the
court below, namely:

(a) whether the quotations were “used” within the meaning of s 6(c) of the
PCA;

(b) the extent of his knowledge of the false quotations; and

(c) whether he intended to deceive the SAF.

**_“Use” in s 6(c) PCA_**

30 As I noted earlier at [16] above, one of the essential elements of the
offence under s 6(c) of the PCA was that the appellant must have “used” the
false quotations with intent to deceive the SAF. The appellant claimed that
the district judge had erred in giving the word “use” in s 6(c) its natural
and ordinary meaning, _ie_ , to employ to any purpose. Instead, he contended
that a document should only be considered “used” in the relevant sense when it
was submitted to a third party.

31 The appellant found ostensible support for his argument in the English
Court of Appeal case of _Regina v Tweedie_ [1984] QB 729. In this case, the
accused was a metal dealer who had been instructed by one of his directors to
sell silver and palladium before the close of trading as the market was likely
to fall soon. The market did fall, but the accused failed to do as he was
told. To cover up his mistake, he made three false entries on his trading
sheet purporting to show that he had sold the silver and palladium. The
trading sheet was handed over to the company’s accounting department, and his
deception was subsequently uncovered. After a long investigation, he was
charged and convicted of an offence based on the third paragraph of s 1(1) of
the UK Prevention of Corruption Act 1906 (c 34) (_in pari materia_ with s 6(c)
of the PCA).

32 On appeal, his conviction was set aside as the Court of Appeal found that
the trading sheet was not a document covered by the offence. The court noted
at 734:

[The third paragraph of s 1(1)] is part of one subsection which deals in the
first two paragraphs with dishonest conduct, either as a fact or in
contemplation, between an employee and a third party. _It would be odd_
drafting for the last part of this subsection _to create an offence which made
an employee criminally liable for using a document which did not have any
connection with a third party or was not intended to go to a third party._ As
Hobhouse J. pointed out in the course of argument, the words “receipt” and
“account” in the third paragraph, as a matter of the ordinary use of English,
refer to documents inter partes either in creation or use. A receipt is made
out to someone who has paid a debt. An account is rendered by one person to
another. The words _“or other document” should_ , in our judgment, _be
construed as meaning a document which would pass inter partes. Such documents
are capable of being given_ _by a third party and then used_ _by an employee_.
[emphasis added]

33 The above comments were cited with approval by Thean J in _Knight v PP_
([18] _supra_), and I accept that the words “or other document” in s 6(c)
refer only to documents _inter partes_. However, I fail to see how this
necessarily means that the word “use” in s 6(c) should also be restricted to
usage directed at a third party. Section 6(c) provides that an offence is
committed when an agent “uses” a false “receipt, account or other document”.
The court in _R v Tweedie_ only decided that the words “or other document”
should be restricted to _inter partes_ documents; the meaning of the word
“use” in the section was never disputed. By linking his argument on usage with
the court’s decision in _R v Tweedie_ , the appellant appeared to have
conflated what were essentially two separate elements of the offence.

34 To my mind, there is no justification for limiting the word “use” in s 6(c)
to situations in which the false documents were actually submitted to a third
party. In the context of the provision, the plain and ordinary meaning of the
word is clear: to employ to the purpose of misleading the principal. On the
facts, the appellant and his staff had plainly “used” the false quotations to
regularise the paperwork to disguise from the SAF their breach of SAF
guidelines. The fact that the appellant was the final approving authority
under Directive P77 did not mean that the SAF would never be misled – the
appellant was fully aware that the quotations could be subject to future
inspections or audits. Indeed, it must have been the possibility of a future
audit that prompted the TRMC staff to collude with Sin Hiaptat to generate the
misleading paperwork. I therefore found that the appellant had “used” the
false quotations within the meaning of the word in s 6(c).

35 I also had no doubt that the quotations in this case were _inter partes_
documents within the scope of the offence. In _R v Tweedie_ , the court had
found that the falsified trading sheet had none of the characteristics of an
_inter partes_ document because the document was purely internal. The accused
had created the document and forwarded it to the company’s accounting
department, and no third party was ever involved in its creation or receipt.

36 The same could not be said of the forged quotations in the present case. It
was undisputed that Ong and Khoo of Sin Hiaptat had forged the quotations
before submitting them to TRMC. As there were third parties actively involved
in generating the false documents, the quotations clearly came within the
scope of s 6(c). As Thean J specifically stated at 727, [19] of his judgment
in _Knight v PP_ , the offending documents must be “ _inter partes either in
creation or use_ ”. The highlighted words clearly indicate that third party
involvement in the creation of the false documents is sufficient for a charge
under s 6(c) to be made out.

**_Extent of the appellant’s knowledge_**

37 The appellant also claimed that the district judge erred in finding that he
had known and acquiesced in the Maintenance Department’s practice of allowing
Sin Hiaptat to start work before the AORs and work orders had been issued, and
later accepting false quotations to regularise the process. Given that this
was essentially a finding of fact, it is trite law that it should not be
disturbed unless it was plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence:
_Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713; _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR
704.

38 In this case, it was clear that the district judge had arrived at his
finding after carefully assessing the veracity of the witnesses. In these
circumstances, it is axiomatic that an appellate court would be even more
reluctant to overturn his findings: _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR
656; _Arts Niche Cyber Distribution Pte Ltd v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 111.

39 The contractor, Ong, gave evidence that the appellant had instructed him to
commence work even before the paperwork was completed. Although the district
judge had found various parts of Ong’s evidence marred by his poor health and
memory, this did not preclude him from accepting the other more credible
portions of his evidence. A court is entitled, for good and cogent reasons, to
accept one part of a witness’ testimony and to reject the other: _PP v Datuk
Haji Harun bin Haji Idris (No 2)_ [1977] 1 MLJ 15; _Ng Kwee Leong v PP_ [1998]
3 SLR 942. In this case, I found no reason to fault the district judge’s
approach, as he had carefully sifted through Ong’s evidence and accepted the
parts that were reliable, whilst rejecting those that were not.

40 The district judge had also meticulously considered the evidence from the
accomplice witnesses – namely, Kat, Jeff Koh and Patrick Chua – before
accepting their version of events. All three witnesses had testified that the
appellant was aware of the irregularities in the Sin Hiaptat paperwork. In
assessing the veracity of their evidence, the judge correctly noted that they
were accomplices who may have had an incentive to shift the blame to the
appellant. However, after considering their evidence as a whole, he found no
tendency on the part of these witnesses to embellish their evidence against
the appellant. Although illus (b) to s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) states that an accomplice is presumed to be unworthy of credit and his
evidence must be treated with caution, s 135 of the same Act emphasises that
there is no rule of law requiring corroboration of an accomplice’s evidence
before an accused may be convicted: _Abdul Rashid v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 119.

41 Whether an accomplice’s evidence is reliable or not will depend on all the
circumstances of the case: _Hon Chi Wan Colman v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 558. Kat,
Jeff Koh and Patrick Chua had all candidly acknowledged their involvement in
the deception, and their evidence was cogent and consistent in most of the
material particulars. In fact, parts of their evidence were corroborated by
the appellant himself, such as the conversation in which Kat and Jeff Koh had
informed the appellant of irregularities in the Sin Hiaptat paperwork. The
contents of this conversation clearly discredited the appellant’s defence that
he was wholly ignorant of what was going on, since he admitted that he told
Kat and Jeff Koh that there was nothing wrong with what they did, so long as
Sin Hiaptat’s prices were competitive and they did not accept any bribes from
Ong. In the circumstances, I found that the district judge was perfectly
entitled to accept the evidence from Kat, Jeff Koh and Patrick Chua.

42 The documentary evidence further substantiated the district judge’s finding
that the appellant must have known that the quotations were false. The
irregularities in the paperwork were patent. The same few companies were
repeatedly submitting quotations for works that invariably were awarded to Sin
Hiaptat, and there were significant disparities between the prices quoted by
Sin Hiaptat and those quoted by the other two companies. The bare contents of
the false quotations, shorn of details of the works in question, were a
further indication that something was amiss. The unusually close dates of the
work orders and invoices from Sin Hiaptat also implied that, in some cases,
the contractor completed the work within the same day he was instructed to
commence work. The above evidence, taken together, should certainly have
aroused the appellant’s suspicions.

43 By the appellant’s own admission, the maintenance of training areas formed
at least 25% of his job scope. Given that the works formed a substantial
portion of his responsibilities, his defence of complete ignorance simply
defied belief. As CO charged with supervising the operation and maintenance of
TRMC, he must have noticed that a sizeable portion of maintenance works was
consistently being allocated to Sin Hiaptat, despite the existence of the
quotation system. The only conclusion that could reasonably be drawn was that
the appellant must have known that the quotations were false.

44 Further, the irregularities did not simply concern trivial administrative
details. Substantial public funds were involved, and the first ten charges
alone related to maintenance works worth more than $87,000. In the
circumstances, I had no doubt that the appellant as CO had a duty to ensure
that his subordinates complied with the work allocation guidelines of the SAF.
The appellant could not simply absolve himself of all responsibility by
claiming that he left everything to his staff and had no knowledge of what was
going on in the department.

45 In any case, the appellant’s protestations of ignorance rang hollow in the
face of his police statement, which further fixed him with knowledge of what
was going on. In the statement, the appellant unequivocally confessed that he
had on many occasions instructed Ong to commence work without any work orders.
He also acknowledged that when he received the three quotations after the
works were completed, he knew that the other two quotations would definitely
be higher than Sin Hiaptat’s as the latter would “definitely get the job”.
Having admitted that the purpose of having three quotations was “just for
documentation purposes”, the appellant must have known that the other two
quotations could not be genuine. He further said at paras 53 and 56 of his
statement:

When I signed my name as the approving officer, I knew that such documents
were [_sic_] be falsely interpreted that there were three quotations which in
fact it was not true. By signing my name as the approval officer, I am
supporting the claim that there were minimum three quotations which in fact it
was not.

46 The contents of the statement clearly contradicted the appellant’s evidence
in court, and the discrepancies went to the heart of the matter. The
appellant’s defence in court was one of complete denial of knowledge, yet the
statement clearly proved that he was very much aware that work was being
allocated to Sin Hiaptat in direct contravention of SAF guidelines. Such a
glaring discrepancy could hardly be dismissed as minor. Given the
inconsistencies in his evidence, I found that the district judge’s decision to
impeach his credit and prefer his statement under s 147(3) of the Evidence Act
was amply justified.

47 The appellant tried to explain away the inconsistencies by insisting that
his incriminating statements referred to his knowledge _at the time the
statement was recorded_ , and not when the quotations were first brought for
his signature. I had little difficulty in rejecting his flimsy explanation,
given that the appellant had specifically stated at paras 53, 54 and 56 of the
statement:

_When I stamped and signed on the approval form, I knew all along_ that works
were already done before the quotations and Ong Chye Tab would definitely get
the job …

_When I asked my staff to tell Ong Chye Tab to send_ it [_sic_] _his
quotation, I also knew all along_ that Ong Chye Tab would send in his
quotation with two other companies quotations …

_I knew all along_ that Ong Chye Tab had been sourcing the other two
quotations in all of the quotations that he was involved in _when I took over
command in TRMC_.

[emphasis added]

The highlighted portions of the statement clearly date the appellant’s
knowledge to the time when he received the paperwork for his signature.
Therefore, the statements could not be explained away as new knowledge that he
had gained only after the SAF investigation began in 2002. Given his knowledge
of the department’s general practice, it was obvious that he must have known
that each of the ten quotations corresponding to the ten charges was false.

**_Intent to deceive_**

48 Another essential element of s 6(c) of the PCA is the requirement that the
agent must have intended to deceive his principal. This, the appellant argued,
was not satisfied in the present case as there was no evidence that anyone was
deceived by the false quotations. To my mind, this line of reasoning obviously
mistakes an intent to deceive with the quite separate consideration of whether
a person was actually deceived. An intent to deceive is a _mens rea_
requirement that is expressly provided for in s 6(c). There is however no
mention of actual deception as a further element of the offence.

49 The underlying flaw in the appellant’s argument was his attempt to draw a
complete parallel between s 6(c) of the PCA and the cheating offences under
the Penal Code. The requirement of actual deception is expressly stipulated
for in s 415 of the Penal Code, which defines the offence of cheating as
follows:

Whoever, by _deceiving any person_ , fraudulently or dishonestly induces the
_person so deceived_ to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that
any person shall retain any property, or intentionally induces _the person so
deceived_ to do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit if he
were not so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause
damage or harm to that person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said
to “cheat”. [emphasis added]

50 In contrast, s 6(c) of the PCA is silent on the issue of actual deception,
and merely focuses on the intent to deceive:

If any person knowingly gives to an agent, or if an agent knowingly uses with
_intent to deceive his principal_ , any receipt, account or other document in
respect of which the principal isinterested, and which contains any statement
which is false or erroneous or defective in any material particular, and which
_to his knowledge is intended to mislead the principal_ , he shall be guilty
of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.
[emphasis added]

51 The only support the appellant could find for reading an element of a
cheating offence into s 6(c) of the PCA was Thean J’s _dictum_ in _Knight v
PP_ ([18] _supra_), where he had remarked that s 6(c) was “in effect … an
offence of cheating under a different statutory provision”. Although the
sentence, by itself, appeared to lend credence to the appellant’s assertions,
it was evident from a careful reading of the entire judgment that Thean J did
not intend to hold that the two offences were identical in every material
particular. Instead, he was merely commenting on the similarities between the
two offences, and observing that the factual scenario in the case itself could
conceivably support a charge of cheating under the Penal Code as well. There
was absolutely no evidence to indicate that he intended to go further and hold
that both offences were identical in every respect.

52 As a matter of common sense, the appellant’s position could not be
sustained. Although both offences are similar in nature, it is undeniable that
they were enacted as two separate criminal offences with very different legal
elements. The appellant produced no evidence to suggest that s 6(c) was
intended to be a re-enactment of the cheating offences. Indeed, one would be
hard-pressed to explain why Parliament would choose to provide for two
separate offences if they were intended to be identical in every aspect,
especially when the provisions were so differently worded.

53 The starting point for interpreting any statute must be the words of the
statute itself. Section 6(c) of the PCA provides that an intent to deceive is
sufficient, and the requisite intent was clearly made out once the appellant
knowingly allowed Sin Hiaptat to submit false quotations to regularise the
paperwork. The only reason why the false quotations were created was to
deceive the SAF into believing that the proper procedures had been followed,
in the event of a future inspection or audit. The fact that no such audit took
place, and no other persons in the SAF were deceived by the false quotations,
did not absolve the appellant from liability under the present charges.

54 I therefore found that the appellant had been correctly convicted on the
ten charges under s 6(c) PCA, and proceeded to consider the issue of sentence.

**The appeal against sentence**

55 Taking into account the remaining 57 similar charges, the district judge
sentenced the appellant to two months’ imprisonment for each of the ten
charges. Three of the sentences were ordered to run consecutively, bringing
his total sentence to six months’ imprisonment. In this appeal, the appellant
contended that this sentence was manifestly excessive, particularly because
the district judge had failed to take into account the military punishment
already meted out to him in the SAF’s summary trial.

56 Under s 108(2) of the SAF Act, a civil court shall, in awarding punishment,
have regard to any military punishment the accused may already have undergone
as a result of his conviction by a disciplinary officer. In this case, the
appellant was fined a total of $2,250 by the SAF tribunal for disobedience of
general orders and conduct to prejudice of good order or discipline, military
offences under ss 21 and 25 of the SAF Act respectively. Given that no mention
was made of this in the Grounds of Decision below, I found some force in the
appellant’s argument that the district judge had failed to properly take into
account his prior punishment by the SAF.

57 However, I could not agree with the appellant that s 108(2) of the SAF Act
directs the court to tailor its sentence for a criminal offence to the
military punishment. In the first place, the offences under the SAF Act for
which the appellant was charged were military offences that were completely
different from the criminal charges under s 6(c) of the PCA. Moreover, as I
had noted in _PP v D’Crus_ [1993] 1 SLR 864, there is a distinct dichotomy
between the ordinary civil courts and the military courts, and the military
courts’ powers of punishment are also different. Although the SAF is
undoubtedly the authority best suited to deal with military discipline, the
appellant’s actions also constituted criminal offences for which the civil
courts of Singapore are the proper arbiters of punishment.

58 All that s 108(2) of the SAF Act states is that the court should have
regard to the military punishment already administered to the appellant. Since
the military offences for which the appellant was convicted by the SAF arose
from the same set of facts as the criminal charges, the earlier punishment
could be taken into account as a further mitigating factor. However, I saw no
reason for the military court’s punishment to further fetter my discretion in
passing a sentence that was appropriate to the facts and the serious criminal
charges faced by the appellant.

59 In view of the aggravating factors in this case, I found the imposition of
a custodial sentence to be unavoidable. Corruption is always a serious
offence, and the severity of the present charges was compounded by the fact
that the appellant was a senior officer of the SAF and public money was
involved. The grave nature of his offences was also underlined by the fact
that he was convicted of no less than ten charges, with a further 57 similar
charges taken into consideration.

60 Nevertheless, I found the total sentence of six months’ imprisonment
imposed by the district judge to be manifestly excessive in the circumstances.
The offences which the appellant was convicted of could in fact be described
as partly technical. There was never any suggestion by the Prosecution that
the appellant had been motivated by pecuniary gain. Indeed, the evidence
suggested that the appellant had honestly believed, albeit misguidedly, that
he was expediting the works for the benefit of TRMC and the SAF. There was
also no indication that the appellant had actively participated in the scheme
to submit false quotations, which distinguished his case from those of Ong and
Khoo. In my view, although his acquiescence in the Maintenance Department’s
practice was deplorable, it did not warrant such a substantial custodial
sentence.

61 The appellant has been suspended from the SAF since the commencement of the
trial, and is likely to lose considerable amounts in pension and other
benefits as a result of his convictions. Balancing all the relevant facts and
circumstances, both aggravating and mitigating, and giving credit for his past
exemplary service to the SAF, I found that a sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment in respect of each of the ten charges was appropriate. The
sentences in DACs Nos 48307, 48309 and 48316 of 2003 should run consecutively,
bringing the total sentence to six weeks’ imprisonment.

62 At the end of the trial, the appellant also requested that his sentence
commence only after the Chinese New Year. As the Prosecution had no
objections, and the appellant did not pose any flight risk, I ordered bail to
be extended and the appellant’s sentence to commence from 11 February 2005.

Appeal against conviction dismissed and appeal against sentence allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

