Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Purwanti Parji v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGCA 9

Case Number | : | Cr App 17/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan (Harry Elias Partnership) and Md Nasser bin Md Ismail (Md Nasser Ismail and Co) for the appellant; Bala Reddy and Seah Kim Ming Glenn (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Purwanti Parji — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Aggravating
factors – Appellant's premeditated attack of elderly victim at time when high
incidence of such offences being committed – Whether sufficient grounds for
imposition of sentence of life imprisonment  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Mitigating
factors – Appellant young offender at time of offence and without criminal
antecedents – Whether sufficient grounds for reduced sentence of imprisonment  
  

15 February 2005

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant, Purwanti Parji, was charged with culpable homicide not
amounting to murder punishable under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985
Rev Ed). At the trial below, she pleaded guilty to the charge. The trial judge
accepted her plea, duly convicted her of the charge, and sentenced her to life
imprisonment. The appellant appealed against the sentence. Having dismissed
the appeal, we now set out our reasons.

**The facts**

2 The deceased was a 57-year-old female, Har Chit Heang. The appellant is an
Indonesian national. At the time of the offence, she was 17 years and 10
months old. She was employed as a domestic worker by the deceased’s daughter-
in-law, Mok Wai Cheng (“Mok”). The appellant stayed with Mok, her husband and
their baby daughter at their Woodlands flat during weekends. On weekdays, she
stayed with the deceased, together with the deceased’s husband and younger
son, in a house at Tai Keng (“the Tai Keng house”).

**_First information report_**

3 On 4 August 2003 at about 11.37am, the police received a call from the
appellant, who reported, “[J]ust now my auntie [the deceased] give the baby
and she go upstairs … since 1030hrs … she says she want to do something … she
don’t want to open the door … I don’t know what she is doing … I cannot see
her”.

**_The crime scene_**

4 When the police and paramedics arrived at the Tai Keng house, they were met
by the appellant carrying a baby. No one else was present in the house. The
appellant then led them to a second-floor bedroom. The door was locked from
the inside. Upon a forced entry, the deceased was found lying face-up and
motionless on the bed. She had a knife in her left hand, and her right wrist
had some cuts that bled lightly. The blood around the cuts had dried. There
were fingernail abrasions on the deceased’s neck, and her right eye was also
bruised. The deceased was pronounced dead by the paramedics at 12.13pm.

5 There were no visible signs of forced entry into the house nor was there any
indication that a burglary had taken place. No suicide note was found. Further
enquiries with neighbours did not reveal the presence of any suspicious
persons in the vicinity of the house at the material time. The police officers
noted that the appellant had neatly cut fingernails.

6 The appellant was subsequently arrested at 9.55pm on the same day at the Tai
Keng house, and underwent a medical examination at KK Women’s and Children’s
Hospital at about 11.58pm. Some superficial abrasions were noted over her
right index and right middle fingers.

**_Post-mortem examination_**

7 An autopsy was performed on 5 August 2003 at about 9.35am by Dr George Paul,
a forensic pathologist, at the Singapore General Hospital mortuary. Dr Paul
found multiple abrasions on the deceased’s chin region and her neck. There was
also extensive bleeding in the underlying neck muscles. In addition, the hyoid
bone and thyroid cartilage were fractured. There was a further haemorrhage
under the scalp in the right temporal region, bruises on both eyelids, and
extensive subconjunctival haemorrhage in both eyes.

8 According to Dr Paul, the abrasions were “consistent with those inflicted by
fingertips and nails, from gripping the neck region and were sufficient, by
causing damage to the neck structures within, to cause death in the ordinary
course of nature by strangulation”. Dr Paul opined that the abrasions, the
bleeding in the underlying neck muscles, and the fractures of the hyoid bone
and thyroid cartilage, suggested that the deceased was manually strangled. In
the circumstances, he certified the cause of death as strangulation. He
further opined that the scalp bruising appeared to be from impact with some
linear blunt object.

**_The morning of 4 August 2003_**

9 When interviewed at the Criminal Investigation Department, the appellant
admitted to strangling the deceased on the morning of 4 August 2003.

10 Investigations revealed that on the morning of 4 August 2003, the deceased,
her husband, her younger son, her elder son and daughter-in-law (Mok) and
their baby, as well as the appellant, were all at the Tai Keng house.
Subsequently, everyone left the house, except the deceased, the baby and the
appellant.

11 In the midst of doing household chores, and while the deceased was asleep
with the baby in a second-floor bedroom, the appellant contemplated killing
the deceased. She was angry with the deceased for scolding her earlier in the
morning. The appellant then went to the bedroom twice, and wanted to strangle
the deceased. However, she did not do so on both occasions. Instead, she went
to the kitchen where she saw a knife. She took it and then returned to the
bedroom.

12 Back in the bedroom, the deceased was still asleep. The appellant decided
against using the knife. Instead, she sat on the deceased’s chest and began to
strangle her using her hands. During the strangulation, the appellant also
pressed on the deceased’s eyes. The deceased later fell off the bed, and hit
her head against the bedside table. Thereafter, she did not offer any more
resistance. The appellant then carried the deceased back onto the bed. She
used the knife to cut the deceased’s right wrist, and placed the knife in the
deceased’s left hand to make it look like the deceased had committed suicide.

13 The appellant then noticed that she had left her nail marks on the
deceased’s neck. She carried the baby out of the bedroom, and closed the door.
She found a nail-clipper in another room and cut all her fingernails. After
feeding the baby, she called the police to provide the first information
report in [3] above. The accused then went to the neighbours, telling them
that the deceased had not come out from her bedroom, after intimating she was
going to hurt herself and locking herself in the room.

**The decision below**

14 The trial judge noted that there were peculiar public interest
considerations in this case (see [2004] SGHC 224). The employer-domestic
worker relationship had become a regular feature of our society, and it was
therefore in the public interest to uphold it. In the present case, the
appellant and deceased shared a relationship that was corollary to the
employer-domestic worker relationship – the appellant was a foreign domestic
worker serving the deceased, who was a family member of the household who
employed the appellant.

15 With regard to the killing, the trial judge was of the view that it was
motivated by ill feelings and resentment towards the deceased that had
festered in the appellant because of her brittle and immature temperament. The
trial judge felt that this was not a case where the appellant had lost her
self-control, and had merely responded spontaneously or instinctively to some
grave and sudden provocation by the deceased. The trial judge also emphasised
that the appellant had systematically sought to dissociate herself from the
homicide. In the circumstances, the trial judge felt that there was a
considerable degree of premeditation on the appellant’s part.

16 The trial judge acknowledged that the appellant was a young offender, being
barely 18 years old when she committed the offence. However, he felt that a
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment would be wholly inappropriate and
inadequate in the circumstances, and was of the view that the appropriate
punishment should be a life imprisonment sentence to meet the ends of justice.

**The appeal**

17 Counsel for the appellant contended that the sentence of life imprisonment
was manifestly excessive, and urged this court to reduce the sentence to ten
years’ imprisonment. On the other hand, the Prosecution submitted that the
sentence of life imprisonment imposed was warranted in the circumstances, and
that a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment would be manifestly inadequate. The
submissions that both parties had advanced can be conveniently categorised
under the following heads:

(a) The law on sentencing an offender to life imprisonment, in particular, a
young offender;

(b) The aggravating factors;

(c) The mitigating factors; and

(d) Sentencing precedents.

We discuss each head in turn.

**_The law_**

18 Section 304(a) of the Penal Code provides that whoever commits culpable
homicide not amounting to murder shall be punished with imprisonment for life,
or imprisonment for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be
liable to fine or to caning, if the act by which death is caused is done with
the intention of causing death, or of causing such bodily injury as is likely
to cause death.

19 In _Neo Man Lee_ _v PP_ [1991] SLR 146 (“ _Neo Man Lee_ ”), a case cited by
both counsel for the appellant and the Prosecution, the then Singapore Court
of Criminal Appeal had broadly endorsed at 148, [7] three conditions laid down
by the English Court of Appeal in _R v Hodgson_ (1968) 52 Cr App R 113 (“
_Hodgson_ ”), which would justify imposing a sentence of life imprisonment,
namely:

(a) The offence or offences are in themselves grave enough to require a very
long sentence;

(b) It appears from the nature of the offences or from the defendant’s history
that he is a person of unstable character likely to commit such offences in
the future; and

(c) If the offences are committed, the consequences to others may be specially
injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of violence.

For convenience, we will refer to the conditions as the _Hodgson_ conditions.
We note that the _Hodgson_ conditions remain applicable post-_Abdul Nasir bin
Amer Hamsah v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 643, where this court decided that life
imprisonment meant imprisonment for the remainder of the prisoner’s natural
life: see _Kwok Teng Soon v PP_ (Criminal Appeal No 22 of 2001), affirming the
decision of the lower court reported in _PP v Kwok Teng Soon_ [2001] 4 SLR
516.

20 Counsel for the appellant conceded that condition (a) is satisfied. With
regard to condition (c), counsel conceded that the injuries inflicted by the
respondent were of a violent nature. It follows that the consequences to
others would be specially injurious, as can be seen in this case where a life
was taken, if the appellant were to inflict such injuries again in the future.
Thus put, condition (c) is also satisfied.

21 The bone of contention lay in condition (b). Counsel for the appellant
submitted that this condition was not satisfied. To this end, counsel argued
that firstly, there was no likelihood of the appellant committing similar
offences in the future. This was because the appellant would be immediately
repatriated to Indonesia upon her release from imprisonment, and that she
would never be allowed to return to Singapore. With respect, we did not find
that submission assuring. Given that the appellant badly needed to stay
employed, she might well assume a different identity, and seek to re-enter
Singapore as a domestic worker. To our minds, this was not at all far-fetched.
We needed only to remind ourselves that the mother of Huang Na, the nine-year-
old girl who was brutally murdered in Singapore, was recently reported to have
re-entered Singapore using a different name, despite having been repatriated
for immigration offences.

22 Secondly, counsel for the appellant further argued that mental impairment
was a necessary ingredient in establishing instability under condition (b),
and since the appellant did not suffer from any mental illnesses, the
condition was also not satisfied. With respect, counsel had adopted an unduly
restrictive interpretation of condition (b). Counsel pointed out that local
cases have generally accepted that a mentally-impaired offender would be of
unstable character for the purposes of this condition. However, this did not
necessarily imply that mental impairment was the _only_ way to establish
unstable character. Indeed, in _PP v Ng Kwok Soon_ [2002] 3 SLR 199, the
Singapore High Court noted at [38] that the accused in that case “was far
removed from the likes of _Neo Man Lee_ who were unfortunate to have problems
in their heads”, and had expressed at [33] that:

[T]he guidelines in _Neo Man Lee v PP_ relating to accused persons of unstable
character did not mean that persons not suffering from mental disorder should
not be sentenced to imprisonment for life. One must still examine the acts
constituting the offence, the motives behind them and their consequences.

Admittedly, the _Hodgson_ conditions were first adopted locally in _Neo Man
Lee_ , which involved a mentally-impaired offender. However, that should be
relegated to an unfortunate coincidence and nothing more. We should also add
that there was nothing in the _Hodgson_ judgment to suggest that the English
Court of Appeal was concerned with dealing with mentally-impaired offenders.
Indeed, the facts of _Hodgson_ did not reveal that the accused in that case
was mentally impaired.

23 With regard to the present case, we were of the view that the appellant is
of unstable character although not mentally impaired. The appellant did not
attack and kill the deceased because she had laboured under a loss of self-
control, and had consequently acted spontaneously or instinctively in response
to some grave and sudden provocation by the deceased. Instead, the killing was
motivated by ill feelings and resentment that had festered because of her
brittle and immature temperament. We sympathised with the appellant’s
childhood, or the lack thereof, which might well have shaped the very
temperament that had led to this regrettable episode. However, we were more
concerned that such a disposition had since been deeply rooted in her, and it
was unlikely that it could be tempered in the short run. Without long-term
rehabilitation to correct such a short fuse, we were of the view that the
appellant is unstable and is likely to become sufficiently incensed to kill
yet another person, who has the misfortune of crossing her path in the future.
To our minds, condition (b) is therefore satisfied in the circumstances.

24 We should also add that no matter how entrenched the _Hodgson_ conditions
might have become in our sentencing jurisprudence, they are but mere
guidelines. As such, their status should not be overstated. We were fortified
in our view by the fact that the guidelines were only _broadly_ endorsed in
_Neo Man Lee_.

25 However, even if the _Hodgson_ conditions were satisfied, the court must
exercise caution before committing a young offender to life imprisonment,
especially since life imprisonment now means imprisonment for the rest of the
prisoner’s natural life. In _PP v Tan Kei Loon Allan_ [1999] 2 SLR 288 (“ _Tan
Kei Loon Allan_ ”), to which both counsel for the appellant and the
Prosecution referred, this court had expressed at [37] that:

[W]e are of the view that the courts must now exercise caution before
committing a young offender to life imprisonment. Contrary to traditional
reasoning, in similar cases involving a youthful offender on the one hand and
an older offender in the other, the youthful offender sentenced to life
imprisonment would now be subject to a longer period of incarceration than an
older offender, assuming they both lived to the same age.

This court then directed at [40] that:

In a situation in which the court is desirous of a sentence greater than ten
years, but feels that a sentence of life imprisonment is excessive, we have no
choice but to come down, however reluctantly, on the side of leniency.
Otherwise, the punishment imposed would significantly exceed the offender’s
culpability. It would, in our view, be wrong to adopt an approach in which the
court would prefer an excessive sentence to an inadequate one.

26 The Prosecution rightly pointed out that _Tan Kei Loon Allan_ does not
stand for the proposition that the courts should not, as a general rule,
commit a young offender to life imprisonment. Instead, it only exhorted that
caution should be exercised before deciding to do so. During the appeal,
counsel for the appellant agreed with this interpretation of _Tan Kei Loon
Allan_. We noted that in the present case, the appellant is a young offender,
being only 17 years old at the time of the offence. However, the presence of
aggravating factors, and the fact that the value of the mitigating factors is
either limited, or is outweighed by the public interest of upholding the
employer-domestic worker relationship, justified putting the appellant away
for a longer period of time. In the circumstances, this is a case where a
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment would be wholly inappropriate and
inadequate, and where a sentence of life imprisonment would not be excessive.
As such, imposing a life imprisonment sentence would not go against the grain
of _Tan Kei Loon Allan_ as counsel contended. We now turn to discuss the
aggravating factors in this case.

**_Aggravating factors_**

_Premeditation_

27 It is well established that where an act is done after deliberation and
with premeditation, as opposed to the situation where it is done on the spur
of the moment and “in hot blood”, that is an aggravating and not a mitigating
circumstance: _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523 (“ _Tan Fook Sum_ ”).

28 The appellant exhibited that she had put in some thought and planning in
her crime. The trial judge found that she had waited until the deceased took a
nap before attacking her. After strangling the deceased, the appellant had the
presence of mind to do several things to dissociate herself systematically
from the homicide. Firstly, she staged the scene to make it look as if the
deceased had committed suicide. Secondly, she cut her fingernails because she
noticed that her nail marks were on the victim. Thirdly, she conveyed the
false impression to the police and the neighbours that the deceased had
intimated that she was going to hurt herself and had locked herself in the
bedroom. In all, the appellant’s pre-killing and post-killing behaviour was
atypical of someone who had killed on the spur of the moment and in “hot
blood”.

29 In their written submissions, counsel for the appellant submitted that the
trial judge had placed too high an estimate with regard to the appellant’s
planning of the crime, and that the level of meticulous planning had been
overstated. By these submissions, counsel did not seem to deny that there was
at least _some_ planning involved on the part of the appellant. No grand plan
was hatched in advance, but there was at least _some_ plan. In fact, counsel
conceded during the appeal that there was premeditation on the appellant’s
part.

_Vulnerable victim_

30 The law recognises the need to protect certain groups of vulnerable and
defenceless persons, such as the handicapped, incapacitated, children and the
elderly. An offender who commits an offence against such persons ought to be
more severely dealt with by the court: _PP v Raffi bin Jelan_ [2004] SGHC 120
at [20].

31 In the present case, the deceased was arguably an elderly victim, being 57
years old at the time of the attack. If not by virtue of age, the deceased was
also vulnerable and defenceless in the circumstances in that the appellant
caught her by surprise by sitting on her chest and strangling her while she
was asleep. It did not matter that the deceased subsequently woke up and put
up a struggle. She had already been disadvantaged by the element of surprise.

_Prevalence of offence_

32 Prevalence of an offence is a relevant consideration that the court may
take into account for sentencing: _Ooi Joo Keong v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 68 at [6].
Where an offence is prevalent, a more severe sentence may be meted out to mark
the court’s disapproval and to acknowledge the seriousness of the offence:
_Tan Fook Sum_ at [20].

33 We noted that in recent times, there is a worrying trend of domestic
workers inflicting violence on their employers and/or family members. Before
us, counsel for the appellant submitted that with the new labour policies in
place, specifically the age restrictions on foreign domestic workers, we would
not see any more of these senseless outrage by young and impulsive teenage
domestic workers. However, we were not convinced that abusive and violent
domestic-worker behaviour would necessarily die a natural death. Firstly,
there are still teenage domestic workers who are already in Singapore prior to
the passing of the new age restrictions. Secondly, not all domestic workers
who had inflicted violence were teenagers. For example, in _PP v Sundarti
Supriyanto_ [2004] 4 SLR 622, a case which we would discuss later, the
accused, who was also a foreign domestic worker, was already 21 years old when
she killed her employer. We, therefore, felt a need to impose a heavier
sentence to attempt to curb this new wave of socially disruptive behaviour.
Counsel submitted that there were mitigating factors in this case,
particularly the appellant’s young age and her lack of antecedents, to which
we now turn.

**_Mitigating factors_**

_Young age_

34 Counsel for the appellant contended that the trial judge did not place
sufficient weight on the appellant’s young age. The appellant was only 17
years old at the time when she committed the offence. In _PP v Mok Ping Wuen
Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138, the Singapore High Court expressed at [21] that:

Rehabilitation is the dominant consideration where the offender is 21 years
and below. Young offenders are in their formative years and chances of
reforming them into law-abiding adults are better. The corrupt influence of a
prison environment and the bad effects of labelling and stigmatisation may not
be desirable for young offenders. Compassion is often shown to young offenders
on the assumption that the young ‘don’t know any better’ and they may not have
had enough experience to realise the full consequences of their actions on
themselves and on others. Teens may also be slightly less responsible than
older offenders, being more impressionable, more easily led and less
controlled in their behaviour. _However, there is no doubt that some young
people can be calculating in their offences. Hence the court will need to
assess the facts in every case_ [emphasis added].

A general rule that can be gleaned from the _dicta_ is that rehabilitation
ought to be the dominant consideration in the court’s mind when dealing with
young offenders who are 21 years old and below. However, the court can depart
from this rule when dealing with atypical young offenders, for example, those
who are calculating in their offences.

35 In the present case, the appellant had clearly shown that she was
calculating in her offence, from when to execute her attack on the deceased,
to what to do thereafter to dissociate herself from the whole unfortunate
episode. As such, we were of the view that the appellant’s young age was of
limited mitigating value, if at all, in this particular case, lest age be seen
to be a licence for the young and calculating to commit serious crimes.

_First-time offender_

36 Counsel for the appellant also contended that the trial judge did not place
sufficient weight on the appellant’s lack of antecedents. In their written
submissions, counsel cited various s 304(a) cases to show that a life
imprisonment sentence was normally not imposed on an offender, who had, _inter
alia_ , no violent antecedents. We noted that in two of the cited cases,
namely _PP v Chaw Aiang Wah_ [2004] SGHC 164 and _PP v Ng Hua Chye_ [2002] 4
SLR 412, caning was meted out to the offenders in addition to imprisonment
terms imposed. To the extent that the appellant in the present case is a
female and is not liable for caning, these cases have limited comparative
value.

37 We should also add that although past sentencing cases are helpful, they
are but mere guidelines, and every case that comes before the courts must be
looked at on its own unique facts, each particular offender in his own
circumstances: _Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253 at [12]. The present case
involved violence in the unique context of an employer-domestic worker
relationship. To the extent that the cases that counsel cited involved
violence in other various contexts, they are not very helpful.

38 In any event, the absence of antecedents, like all other mitigating factors
put forth by counsel on behalf of their clients, is something to be taken into
account by the court, and weighed in the balance against other factors, the
first and foremost of which, in the balancing process, is the public interest:
_Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537 at 541, [9].

39 In _PP v Mohd Azmi bin Ja’afar_ [2003] 2 MLJ 189, the Malaysian High Court
expressed that it was definitely not in the public interest to be lenient and
merciful when the accused committed a most serious offence, although the
accused was a first-time offender. In the present case, it was difficult to
dispute that the appellant had committed such an offence, having intentionally
caused someone’s death. Furthermore, the appellant and the deceased shared a
relationship corollary to the employer-domestic worker relationship, to which
we now turn.

**_The employer-domestic worker relationship_**

40 The trial judge expounded on the uniqueness of the employer-domestic worker
relationship at some length. We do not wish to belabour the point, except to
say that public interest demands, because of our peculiar reliance on foreign
domestic workers, that both employers (and their family members) and domestic
workers alike must be able to enjoy peace of mind being served and serving, as
the case may be, in the safe confines of a domestic setting for the duration
of their relationship. Being a dissatisfied party to this relationship does
not give that party the prerogative to resort to inflicting violence against
the other party.

41 Our courts have constantly endeavoured to protect domestic workers from
abusive employers, and severe deterrent sentences have been meted out to
employers who abuse them. Conversely, the court should also protect employers
and their family members from domestic workers who turn violent on them.
Accordingly, deterrent sentences should also be meted out to such domestic
workers. Only then can it be said that this relationship of mutual
expectations, trust, and reliance is upheld, and that the public interest is
served.

42 As such, domestic workers should be forewarned against taking the law into
their own hands, by availing themselves to self-help retaliatory violence
against abusive employers. This is regardless of the severity of the abuse,
excepting instances contemplated by the Penal Code. Instead, they should, to
the extent that it is possible and practical to do so, endeavour to seek
redress for their grievances through proper and legitimate channels. For
example, they can try communicating their difficulties and distress to
relatives, friends, neighbours, doctors (when they attend mandatory medical
examinations) or the police, if not their own employers and maid agencies.

43 There is no reason for the domestic worker to resort to violence when she
has the time and opportunity to seek help from such proper and legitimate
channels. In such cases, the domestic worker has to demonstrate that she has
made some effort to turn to such channels as avenues of first resort to seek
redress for their grievances in trying situations. Although the fear of being
sent back home is an understandable concern, this is not an excuse for foreign
domestic workers to suffer in silence, and then take matters into their own
hands when they can bear it no longer. It does not, however, mean that it will
be all right for these workers to resort to violence when they have duly
sought recourse to these channels, and these channels fail to redress their
grievances. Ultimately, the question of whether or not they are justified or
excused in inflicting violence falls to be determined by what is provided for
in written law, in this case, the Penal Code. Having said that, this does not
preclude the court from taking into account the fact that the domestic worker
has, at least, tried to seek redress for his or her grievance through a proper
and legitimate channel when considering sentence.

44 In the present case, the appellant clearly had recourse to her own
employer, who was the deceased’s daughter-in-law, during the weekends. No
evidence whatsoever was tendered to show that the appellant actually
complained to her employer about the deceased’s behaviour and attitude towards
her. By calling the police and going to the neighbours for help after the
strangulation episode, albeit to create false impressions, the appellant also
demonstrated that she knew how, and from where, to seek help. In other words,
she knew how to communicate her difficulties or distress to the world at
large, if indeed she suffered any abuse.

45 With regard to how the appellant was treated, the trial judge found no
cogent concrete evidence of physical abuse prior to the homicide. At best, the
deceased had been at times unnecessarily severe with the appellant.
Understandably, the appellant might have felt aggrieved and frustrated by such
treatment. However, this did not warrant killing the deceased. This is not to
say that had the abuse been severe, it would have been all right for her to
resort to self-help violence in retaliation to the abuse. As we already
mentioned, whether one’s violent conduct is justified or excused depends on
whether he can bring his circumstances within what is contemplated by the
written law, in this case the Penal Code. However, the court, when considering
sentence, can take into account the extent of the abuse suffered by the
domestic worker.

**_Sentencing precedents_**

46 The Prosecution cited a slew of cases from the United States, Canada and
New Zealand. During the appeal, the Prosecution clarified that it did so to
demonstrate that the age factor alone had not defeated courts in other
comparative jurisdictions from imposing life imprisonment terms. The
Prosecution acknowledged that we are dealing with a unique situation in this
case, which features quite different public policy considerations. The
Prosecution then rightly focused its attention on _PP v Sundarti Supriyanto
(No 2)_ [2004] SGHC 244 (“ _Sundarti_ ”). Counsel for the appellant also
acknowledged that that was an appropriate case for us to consider.

47 In _Sundarti_ , the accused, a 23-year-old Indonesian who worked as a
domestic worker in Singapore, was charged with the murder of her employer. The
accused was 21 years old at the time of the offence. After inflicting
extensive injuries and a fatal stab wound on her employer, she left the crime
scene to purchase petrol, and returned to set the scene on fire. She claimed
trial, whereupon her counsel succeeded in raising the special exception of
provocation to murder. The trial judge found the accused guilty of a lesser
charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable under s 304(a)
of the Penal Code. In sentencing the accused to life imprisonment, the trial
judge expressed at [8] that:

[T]he nature of the offence for which the accused was convicted – let alone
the charges taken into consideration – called for a higher tariff, and
certainly a sentence of ten years would be manifestly inadequate. In this
respect, I took into account the nature of the injuries inflicted on the
deceased by the accused and the manner in which she had tried to mask the
offence with a view to escaping the process of law and justice.

48 Counsel for the appellant attempted to distinguish _Sundarti_ from the
present case by arguing that in the former, other charges were also taken into
consideration for sentencing. However, as we understood the _dicta_ cited in
the preceding paragraph, the trial judge clearly felt that the nature of the
killing alone called for a higher tariff. Counsel also argued that whilst the
accused in _Sundarti_ claimed trial, the appellant in the present case pleaded
guilty, thus sparing the family members from the trauma of testifying in
court. Be that as it may, in certain cases, the circumstances may be such that
any mitigating effect afforded by a guilty plea is heavily or even completely
outweighed by the need for a deterrent sentence: _Sim Gek Yong_ _v PP_ ([38]
_supra_) at 540, [7]. We have already stated earlier that in upholding the
employer-domestic worker relationship, deterrent sentences need to be meted
out to violent domestic workers, as is the case for abusive employers.

49 In our view, the present case was sufficiently analogous to _Sundarti_ ,
and thus did not warrant a deviation from the life imprisonment sentence that
was imposed in that case. Both cases involved violence in the specific context
of an employer-domestic worker relationship; the domestic workers in both
cases had been convicted of culpable homicide not amounting to murder
punishable under s 304(a) of the Penal Code; both workers had inflicted
extensive and fatal injuries on their victims; finally, both had tried to mask
the offence they had committed with a view to escaping the process of law and
justice. In their written submissions, counsel for the appellant highlighted
that the appellant had staged the crime scene to make it look like a suicide
so that she could continue to work in Singapore, and presumably not because
she wanted to escape the process of law and justice. However, that was a
tenuous argument. We were not at all convinced that the appellant did not
realise that in order for her to continue to work in Singapore after
committing an offence, she must, necessarily, be able to escape the process of
law and justice.

**Conclusion**

50 Having careful regard to the facts and circumstances of the case, the
aggravating as well as the mitigating factors, we were of the view that there
was no basis for us to interfere with the sentence that the trial judge had
imposed. Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal, and affirmed the sentence of
life imprisonment imposed on the appellant.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

