Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Iskandar bin Muhamad Nordin v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 207

Case Number | : | MA 90/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 November 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellant in person; Christina Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Iskandar bin Muhamad Nordin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Plea of guilty – Appeal against
sentence imposed for conviction on offence of outrage of modesty – Existence
of aggravating factors – Whether mitigating factors warranting reduction in
sentence existing – Section 354 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

4 November 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of District Judge Siva Shanmugam. In
the court below, Iskandar bin Muhamad Nordin, the appellant, pleaded guilty to
one charge of outrage of modesty, an offence punishable under s 354 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The appellant was convicted and sentenced
to nine months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. I dismissed his
appeal against sentence and enhanced the sentence. I now set out the reasons
for my decision.

**The facts**

2 The Statement of Facts presented in the court below disclosed that on 29
April this year at about 9.30pm, the victim informed the police that she had
detained the appellant for molesting her. Earlier on, at about 9.00pm, the
appellant had been walking towards a bus-stop along Margaret Drive when she
noticed the appellant coming towards her. As he walked past her, he grabbed
her left breast with his right hand. The victim shouted at the appellant who
fled the scene. She gave chase and managed to detain him with the help of two
female passers-by.

3 The appellant is an eighteen-year-old male with an Intelligence Quotient
(“IQ”) of 58. (It transpired later that there was a 3 October 2004 psychiatric
report tendered by the Deputy Public Prosecutor in an earlier prosecution
against him, but this report was not before the trial court or in the appeal
before me).

4 Prior to the commission of the present offence, the appellant already had
several previous brushes with the law. In August 2004, he was convicted for
theft and sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment. Shortly after, in March 2005,
the appellant was again arrested for two offences of theft in dwelling. He was
subsequently convicted on one charge, with the other charge taken into
consideration, and sentenced to six weeks’ imprisonment. It was on the day of
the appellant’s release from Queenstown Remand Prison on 29 April 2005 that he
committed the present offence.

5 Apart from the appellant’s prior convictions for theft, it was stated in his
antecedent report that he had been charged in September 2004 under s 354 of
the Penal Code for one count of outrage of modesty. As he had apologised to
the victim in court for squeezing her breast, and was allowed to compound the
offence in November 2004, he was given a discharge amounting to an acquittal.

**The decision below**

6 The trial judge held that the tariff sentence for offences of outrage of
modesty involving the intrusion of a victim’s private part was nine months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. He noted that there were no
mitigating factors applicable to the appellant; on the contrary, the appellant
had brazenly committed the offence in a public place right after his release
from prison. In the circumstances, the trial judge found no reason to depart
from the benchmark sentence.

**The appeal**

7 The sole ground of appeal forwarded by the appellant was that the sentence
imposed was excessive. While he stated that he would willingly serve out his
sentence of imprisonment, or even a longer term of imprisonment, he implored
that the sentence of caning be quashed.

**_The law_**

8 At the outset, I noted that the appellant suffered from mild intellectual
disability. However, this did not preclude him from being criminally culpable
for his actions. In _PP_ _v_ _Rozman bin Jusoh_ [1995] 3 SLR 317, a case
involving an accused person of low intellect, the Court of Appeal stated at
328,[36] that:

[The accused] may be a person of low intellect or subnormal intellect. But, as
the learned judge held, and we agree, low or subnormal intellect is not
unsoundness of mind and is not a defence to a criminal charge, and an
educationally subnormal person can be criminally culpable for his actions ...
In our judgment, [the accused’s] ‘low intellect’ and his disposition of being
easily susceptible to manipulation by others is not a defence to a criminal
charge. Nor can such low intellect and malleable disposition diminish or
eradicate the presence of mens rea.

9 This decision was reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal in the subsequent cases
of _Chou Kooi Pang v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 593 and _PP v Huang Rong Tai_ [2003] 2
SLR 43. In the same vein, intellectually disabled offenders are not treated
differently for the purposes of sentencing, but are instead punished in like
manner as other offenders. The appropriate sentence to be passed would
necessarily turn on the factual matrix of each case.

10 The benchmark sentence in respect of offences under s 354 of the Penal Code
where the victim’s private parts or sexual organs have been intruded upon is
nine months’ imprisonment with caning: _Chandresh Patel v PP_ [1995] 1 CLAS
News 323; _Ng Chiew Kiat v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 370; _Balasubramanian Palaniappa
Vaiyapuri v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 314. In _Tok Kok How v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 735, the
accused pressed his knuckles against the victim’s breast whilst sharing her
umbrella during a rain. He was charged under s 354, and he pleaded guilty to
outraging the victim’s modesty. The District Court sentenced him to nine
months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. In dismissing his appeal
against sentence, I reiterated the sentencing benchmark for such offences and
observed that the behaviour of the accused did not fall outside the category
of cases which were deserving of custodial sentences with caning.

11 Case law has also established that the above tariff sentence applies even
where the accused person is of low intellect. In _Wong Churn Hoong v PP_
(Magistrate’s Appeal No 250 of 1998), the accused person had a low IQ,
impaired social judgment as well as a fetish for wearing female undergarments.
He pleaded guilty to five charges under s 354 of the Penal Code for molesting
five different women, whereby he had, _inter alia_ , grabbed the breast of one
victim and touched the breast of another victim. Seven other charges, of which
six were made pursuant to s 354 of the Penal Code, were taken into
consideration. The accused was sentenced by the District Court to 18 months’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for each of the offences of
intruding upon the victims’ breasts. He was sentenced to a total of 45 months’
imprisonment and nine strokes of the cane. On appeal, his sentence was
enhanced to 54 months’ imprisonment and nine strokes of the cane even though
he had no prior related antecedents.

12 Similarly, in _PP v Mohamad Zaffinoor bin Mohamad Kassim_ (Magistrate’s
Appeal No 224 of 1999), the accused person was of low intellect and had no
antecedents. He pleaded guilty to four charges under s 354 of the Penal Code,
with two other charges under the same section taken into consideration. The
District Court imposed a sentence of nine months’ imprisonment for each
charge, all of which were to run consecutively. The Prosecution’s appeal
against sentence was allowed and a sentence of three strokes of the cane was
imposed for each of the four charges. The imprisonment sentence remained the
same although only two custodial terms were ordered to run consecutively. In
total, the accused was sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment with 12 strokes of
the cane.

13 The concept of equality before the law is a common thread that runs through
other courts with regard to the sentencing of intellectually impaired
offenders. In _R v J(H)_ [2002] CarswellOnt 5962, the accused sexually abused
his daughter and her friend. He was charged and found guilty on two counts of
sexual assault, another two counts of sexual interference and one count of
incest. His full-scale intelligence was found to be in the low-average range
and he also suffered from a mental illness. In sentencing the accused, the
Ontario Superior Court of Justice made the following observations (at
[13]–[14]):

Granted, _his intellectual capacity is in the low average range of
functioning_ and he was suffering from a major depressive disorder that could
lead to disorganized thinking. _However, he knew what he was doing to the
victims was wrong. He knew his conduct was wrong by community standards. He
knew and appreciated that societal norms prohibited the sexual relationship he
had with his daughter and her young friend_. While he lacks insight into his
behaviour, he has the capacity to gain that insight and become a law-abiding
member of society. _Most people who have his intellectual capability do live
as law-abiding citizens_ …

This conduct is reprehensible and must be denounced by the court in strong and
emphatic terms. _The circumstances of this case require emphasis on principles
of general and specific deterrence without losing sight of the rehabilitative
interests of the defendant_.

[emphasis added]

14 It is noteworthy that the court’s approach in _R v J(H)_ is similar to the
local approach in that offenders of low intellect can be criminally culpable
and do not receive differentiated treatment in sentencing unless it is
justified on the facts. The weight to be attached to the low intellectual
capacity of such offenders as a mitigating factor, if any, depends on the
particular circumstances of the case.

15 In _R v Rundle_ (1983) 24 Man R (2d) 252, the accused pleaded guilty to two
counts of indecent assault, each involving him kissing and feeling the private
parts of a young boy. The accused had related antecedents going back some
seven years and had been on probation at the time of the offences. His
intellect was low and was described as being at a very dull normal or mild
retardate level. Additionally, he suffered from a personality disorder with
features of passivity and poor control over his sexual impulses. In sentencing
the accused to two years’ imprisonment on each count, the Manitoba Court
demonstrated its principled adherence to the notion of equality in sentencing
even where intellectually disabled offenders were concerned. It held (at
[12]–[13]) that:

_The court, for its part, has no alternative than to sentence in accordance
with the system as it exists. Sentences are determined on the basis of well-
known principles laid down, in our own jurisdiction, by the Court of Appeal of
Manitoba. They include punishment of the accused, special and general
deterrence, and rehabilitation of the offender_. In appropriate cases, the
victim is to be compensated. All the ingredients taken together, add up to the
aim of the protection of society.

The overriding consideration in the present case must be the protection of
society, and, in particular, the protection of young boys. This, in my view,
calls for a longer period of imprisonment than has previously been imposed.

[emphasis added]

16 Both _R v J(H)_ and _R v Rundle_ accord with the local position that the
four classical pillars of sentencing – retribution, deterrence, prevention and
rehabilitation – as set out by Lawton LJ in _R v_ _Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App
R 74 (followed in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523 at [15] and _Chua Tiong
Tiong v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 425 at [31]) are to be weighed and applied
dispassionately to offenders who violate the law. This includes those who are
intellectually impaired.

17 With the foregoing discussion in mind, I now turn to examine the merits of
the appellant’s appeal.

**_My decision_**

18 To my mind, the appellant was fully aware of the wrongfulness of his act in
spite of his impediments. He clearly knew that it was wrong to intrude upon a
female person’s breasts as he had apologised barely six months ago to another
victim for having squeezed her breast. He understood that the similar act of
grabbing a female person’s breast would not be condoned. The fact that he ran
away after committing the present offence attested to that. He also realised
from past experience that he would have to face the consequences of his
actions if he were caught. I was of the view that the appellant’s intellectual
disability was not such that I should give it any significant mitigating
weight in sentencing. It was clear that his reduced intellectual faculty did
not impair his ability to gain insight into his actions as well as the
consequences of those actions.

19 Although the appellant had asked to be spared the rod, I found no reasons
justifying a departure from the benchmark sentence of a custodial term _and_
caning for offences of the present nature. On the contrary, I found that the
aggravating factors present called for a heavier sentence. I was greatly
disturbed that the appellant had molested the victim on the very same day he
was released from prison. In fact, he had committed his vile act almost
immediately after his release, within a stone’s throw from the gates of
Queenstown Remand Prison. In my opinion, this evinced a total lack of
contrition on his part. Moreover, the abominable manner in which the appellant
had preyed on the victim bore out the traumatic ordeal inflicted upon her. He
had, wholly unprovoked, identified her before sexually attacking her by
_grabbing_ her breast along a public road, when it was dark at night.

20 The appellant’s string of recent antecedents also weighed heavily on my
mind. He was, to say the least, a recalcitrant offender who acted in defiant
disregard of the law. It seemed that the appellant, in addition to being a
thief, had now morphed into a sexual predator. Without the fortuitous
intervention of the two passers-by, the appellant might have escaped and
become embroiled in further trouble with the law.

21 Under these circumstances, I found that the sentence imposed by the trial
judge was manifestly inadequate. It was palpable that the appellant’s past
experiences of incarceration had hitherto failed to steer him away from the
allure of crime. Likewise, the second chance given to him after a similar
offence of outrage of modesty in late 2004 had failed abysmally to make him
mend his ways. Against this background, the appellant’s plea to substitute
caning with a longer sentence of imprisonment impressed upon me that an
imprisonment sentence alone would not only be inconsistent with the standard
sentence of caning for offences of the present nature, but would also be
inimical to the object of deterrence. Clearly, there is a need for the
sentence imposed in cases of this nature to deter both the perpetrator from
such further attacks as well as others who may be similarly disposed. I was
thus of the opinion that the appellant should not escape the punishment of
caning but should receive nine strokes of the cane.

22 As the appellant’s unrepentant and aberrant behaviour showed that he posed
a real danger to the community, I further increased his sentence of
imprisonment to 24 months. A longer term of imprisonment would represent a
longer period of protection for society from his depredations: _PP v Ng Bee
Ling Lana_ [1992] 1 SLR 635 at 638,[14]. At the same time, I was mindful that
given the appellant’s relatively young age, this term of imprisonment would
not encumber his possible rehabilitation upon his release from prison.

23 In reviewing the appellant’s sentence, my attention was also drawn to the
protection afforded to him under s 232 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) whereby it is incumbent upon a medical officer to
determine that an offender has the requisite fitness of health to undergo a
punishment of caning before the punishment can be executed. Section 232 of the
CPC states that:

(1) The punishment of caning shall not be inflicted unless a medical officer
is present and certifies that the offender is in a fit state of health to
undergo such punishment.

(2) If during the execution of a sentence of caning a medical officer
certifies that the offender is not in a fit state of health to undergo the
remainder of the sentence the caning shall be finally stopped.

24 The requirements under this provision serve as a safeguard against the
execution of the punishment of caning without proper regard for the offender’s
welfare. As noted in _Tan Eng Chye v The Director of Prisons_ [2004] 2 SLR 640
at [42], the law is not without compassion; only those found to be fit to
undergo caning will be caned. Accordingly, even where the courts decide that
an offender should suffer the punishment of caning, it would still be for the
medical officer referred to in s 232 of the CPC to determine, at the post-
sentence stage, if an offender is fit to undergo such punishment.

**Conclusion**

25 The appellant was no babe in the woods. He had persisted in his invidious
conduct and had committed the present offence knowing full well the gravity of
his actions. Having carefully considered all the facts and circumstances of
this case, including the various aggravating factors, I dismissed his appeal
and sentenced him to 24 months’ imprisonment with nine strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

