Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sarjit Singh Rapati v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | MA 86/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 February 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinit Chhabra (Vinit Chhabra Partnership) for the appellant; Imran bin Abdul Hamid (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Sarjit Singh Rapati — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Appellate – Power of appellate court
to reverse findings of fact – Whether appellate court's interference with
trial judge's findings required under circumstances  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Property – Extortion – Accused threatening to keep
person in wrongful confinement unless paid money – Whether victim must
experience fear specifically contemplated by charge – Section 384 Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – First information report – Lodging first
information report in circumstances of urgency – Complainant's material
omissions in report – Whether report must contain elaborate details of offence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences – Accused
impersonating immigration officer – Accused keeping person in wrongful
confinement – Accused threatening to keep person in wrongful confinement
unless he was paid money – Whether sentences manifestly excessive  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Accused charged and convicted of
extortion – Whether court at liberty to amend charge where court disagreeing
with exercise of prosecutorial discretion – Nature of prosecutorial discretion
– Article 35(8) Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Reprint), s
336(1) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Discrepancies between prosecution witnesses'
testimonies – Whether discrepancies material  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Examination – Accused's long statement inconsistent
with testimony in court – Whether trial judge exercising discretion correctly
in refusing to allow Prosecution to call rebuttal witness – Sections 180(l),
399 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

2 Feburary 2005

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 In the district court below, Sarjit Singh Rapati (“Sarjit”), stood accused
of the following three offences together with one Paramjit Singh s/o Buta
Singh (“Paramjit”):

(a) extortion under s 384 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed);

(b) wrongful confinement under s 342 read with s 34 of the Penal Code; and

(c) false impersonation of an immigration officer under s 170 read with s 34
of the Penal Code.

2 After a joint trial, the district judge (“the judge”) convicted both accused
persons on all three charges (see [2004] SGDC 238). The judge sentenced Sarjit
and Paramjit to 36 months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the s
384 offence, four months’ imprisonment for the s 342 offence and four months’
imprisonment for the s 170 offence. The judge ordered the imprisonment for the
ss 384 and 342 offences to run consecutively, meaning that each accused person
would have to serve a total of 40 months’ imprisonment and suffer six strokes
of the cane. The judge, however, agreed to grant Sarjit a stay of execution
pending appeal.

3 Both accused persons appealed against their convictions and sentences.
However, Sarjit was the only one who proceeded with his appeal because
Paramjit decided to withdraw his appeal. At the hearing before me, I granted
Paramjit leave to withdraw his appeal and proceeded to hear the arguments
against Sarjit’s conviction and sentence. At the end of the hearing, I
dismissed Sarjit’s appeal against his conviction but allowed the appeal
against his sentence in part. I also exercised my powers of criminal revision
under s 268 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to
reduce Paramjit’s sentence. I now give my reasons.

**Facts**

**_The charges_**

4 The charges against Sarjit read as follows:

**DAC 33828/2003**

You are charged that you on 10 July 2003 at about 12.30 pm, at Newton Hawker
Centre car-park, together with one Paramjit Singh s/o Buta Singh (M/43 yrs,
NRIC No. S1436488-I) and in furtherance of the common intention of you both,
did extort cash of $200/- from one Mohammad Sharful Islam [“Sharful”], M/27
yrs by intentionally putting him in fear that you would continue to keep his
cousin, one Md Faruq Ahmed [“Faruq”], M/23 yrs, in wrongful confinement and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 384 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224 read with Section 34 of the same Act.

**DAC 35081/2003**

You are charged that you on 10 July 2003 at about 11.00 am, between Rowell
Road and Newton Hawker Centre car-park, together with one Paramjit Singh s/o
Buta Singh (M/43 yrs, NRIC No. S1436488-I) and in furtherance of the common
intention of you both, did wrongfully confine one Md Faruq Ahmed, M/23 yrs, in
a motor vehicle bearing registration number SDY 5552 L, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under Section 342 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224 read with Section 34 of the same Act.

**DAC 35082/2003**

You are charged that you on 10 July 2003 at about 11.00 am, at a coffeeshop
along Rowell Road, together with one Paramjit Singh s/o Buta Singh (M/43 yrs,
NRIC No. S1436488-I) and in the furtherance of the common intention of you
both, did pretend to hold the office of an Immigration Officer, a public
servant, knowing that you do not hold such office, and in such assumed
character did inspect the work permit of one Md Faruq Ahmed Md Ibrahim
Kuhallil, M/23 yrs, a Bangladeshi National, under colour of such office and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 170 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224 read with Section 34 of the same Act.

**_The undisputed facts_**

5 Since the Prosecution and the Defence did not agree on a Statement of Facts,
the judge found it necessary to distinguish the undisputed facts from the
disputed ones. The judge found that the following facts were not in dispute:

(a) Both Sarjit and Paramjit met Faruq for the first time on 10 July 2003 at
Medina Restaurant. At that time, Faruq was not working for Ablution Pte Ltd as
stated in his work permit, but was working as a stall helper at Medina
Restaurant. He was therefore working illegally in breach of the condition of
his work permit.

(b) Either one or both accused persons identified themselves to Faruq (the
Prosecution’s evidence was that they had identified themselves as immigration
officers; the Defence claimed otherwise). After checking the work permit, both
accused persons knew that Faruq was in breach of the condition in his permit.
Faruq also did not provide the contact number of his employer despite being
asked.

(c) Thereafter, Faruq left Medina Restaurant together with the two accused
persons. Paramjit drove Sarjit’s vehicle to the car park at Newton Hawker
Centre.

(d) At Newton Hawker Centre, calls were made to the handphone of Faruq’s
cousin, Sharful. A fee for whatever that was to be done in respect of Faruq
was also decided. Sharful was to meet the two accused persons at Newton Hawker
Centre.

(e) Before 12.00pm that day, Sharful and his friend, Alamgir Bapari
(“Alamgir”), went to the Rochor Neighbourhood Police Post, where Sharful
informed Sergeant Hari Ram that something had happened to Faruq. Sergeant Hari
Ram saw Sharful marking several $50 notes. After Sharful and Alamgir left the
police post, Sergeant Hari Ram lodged the first information report. Earlier,
Sergeant Hari Ram had told Sharful that he would send the police to Newton
Hawker Centre.

(f) There was no dispute that Sarjit expected to be paid for the transaction
involving Faruq and that Paramjit was aware of this. Subsequently, both of
them met Sharful and Alamgir at Newton Hawker Centre. Shortly thereafter,
Paramjit left in Sarjit’s vehicle. Sarjit was arrested and the marked notes
amounting to $200 were found on him.

**_The disputed facts_**

6 What was in dispute was the Prosecution’s contention that Sarjit and
Paramjit had identified themselves as immigration officers. According to the
judge’s summary of Sarjit’s evidence, Sarjit testified that he and Paramjit
had merely identified themselves as security officers. Paramjit, however,
claimed that he did not identify himself. Sarjit was a partner of a security
firm, KJK Security Agency, which supplied guards and repatriated foreign
workers. Paramjit was a freelance marketing manager with the agency. Sarjit
claimed that as security officers, both he and Paramjit were entitled to
conduct checks and it was under these circumstances that they asked Faruq for
his work permit. Sarjit claimed that when he and Paramjit checked Faruq’s work
permit and found that he was in breach of the condition in the permit, they
decided to return Faruq to his employer in return for a fee. Paramjit
testified that as an employee of Sarjit, he followed whatever Sarjit did.

7 On the issue of wrongful confinement, the Defence’s version of events was
that Faruq did not resist when Sarjit and Paramjit told him that they were
going to bring him back to his employer. The Defence claimed that Faruq was
brought to Newton Hawker Centre for the purpose of returning him to his
employer. Both accused persons alleged that either Sharful or Alamgir, or both
of them, had planted the $200 that was later found in Sarjit’s shirt pocket.

8 Lastly, there was disagreement over whether Sarjit was very intoxicated at
the time of the alleged offences. While the Defence did not rely on the
defence of intoxication under s 86(2) of the Penal Code, it argued that the
evidence of intoxication would explain why Sarjit was able to remember some
things that happened, but not others.

**The decision by the trial judge**

**_False impersonation_**

9 On the issue of false impersonation, the judge disbelieved Sarjit’s claim
that he had identified himself as a security officer. The judge found that
Sarjit would not have identified himself as a security officer because he knew
that he was not one. Sarjit was aware that he did not possess an
identification document that was issued to security officers under reg 9 of
the Private Investigation and Security Agencies Regulations (Cap 249, Rg 1,
2000 Rev Ed). Neither did Sarjit declare that he was a security officer named
in a list of security officers employed by KJK Security Agency. He knew that
the licensing authority had never issued a licence to him to act as a security
officer.

10 Bearing in mind that Faruq had breached the condition in the work permit,
the judge found that it would make more sense for Sarjit to portray himself as
an immigration officer because that would enable him to get Faruq to submit to
his direction. In any case, the judge found Faruq to be a credible witness
because he was not shaken on his testimony that Sarjit had impersonated an
immigration officer despite very lengthy cross-examination.

11 The judge acknowledged that the Defence had called one Mohamed Rafi in
support of its version that the accused persons had taken Faruq away to see
his employer. Mohamed Rafi testified that he had only heard the words “boss,
permit”, “see my boss”, “security boss or officer” being spoken on the
occasion that he saw Faruq with both accused persons. Mohamed Rafi testified
that he had not heard the words “immigration officer” being uttered. The
judge, however, refused to attach any weight to his evidence because he did
not regard Mohamed Rafi as an independent witness. He found Mohamed Rafi’s
account of what had transpired to be vague and that his testimony did not
stand up to scrutiny. The judge considered it suspicious that Mohamed Rafi’s
memory should centre on the words “boss, permit”, “see my boss”, “security
boss or security officer”, when the words would have had no significance for
him. The judge also found it curious that Mohamed Rafi was able to clearly
remember that the words “immigration officer” were not mentioned but was not
able to be more forthcoming on what had happened.

**_Wrongful confinement_**

12 The judge disbelieved the Defence’s version that Faruq had agreed to
accompany the two accused persons so that he could be returned to his rightful
employer. It would not make any sense for Faruq to want to be returned to his
employer when he had already made the decision to work with someone other than
the employer named in the work permit. Indeed, Faruq did not appear helpful
when he was asked for the contact number of his employer.

13 Further, the evidence did not support Sarjit’s claim that he was entitled
as a security officer to escort Faruq back to his employer in return for
payment. In a letter addressed to one of his clients, Kurihara Kogyo Co Ltd,
Sarjit acknowledged that KJK Security Agency was not entitled to escort
foreign workers back to their employers without prior authorisation from the
Singapore Police Force. Indeed, KJK Security Agency had been informed by the
Licensing Division as early as 8 December 1998 that repatriation services by
security agencies were not sanctioned, as such activities might amount to an
offence of wrongful restraint under s 341 of the Penal Code.

14 The judge acknowledged that the Defence had called one Muhd Ameen and one
William Anak Akom to testify that their companies had engaged KJK Security
Agency to find and repatriate their missing workers. However, the judge
considered their evidence to be irrelevant. Neither Muhd Ameen nor William
Anak Akom was present when the relevant events on 10 July 2003 took place.
Their evidence did not show that both accused persons had represented
themselves as security officers on 10 July 2003, and that the accused persons
were sending Faruq back to his employer because Faruq had breached the
condition in his work permit.

**_Payment of $200_**

15 The judge accepted the evidence of the prosecution witnesses that the money
that was given was for the release of Faruq. Sarjit’s behaviour at the scene
of the alleged crime belied his assertion that the money had been planted on
him. If Sarjit’s story were true, one would have expected him to protest that
the notes were not his and that they could have been planted on him when the
money was first found on his person. Instead, he told the police officer at
the scene, Staff Sergeant Ong Cheow Long (“SSgt Ong”), that Faruq had given
him the money in return for his agreement to help Faruq look for a job. SSgt
Ong’s testimony that Sarjit was nervous ran counter to the Defence’s version
that there was nothing improper in the acts of both accused persons. In fact,
Sarjit started to deny that he had taken the money after SSgt Ong informed him
that the notes were marked. Further, Sarjit himself admitted in his long
statement that the $200 had not been planted but had been given to him by
Alamgir.

16 The judge acknowledged that Sarjit had alleged that some parts of his long
statement were not accurately recorded by the investigating officer, Senior
Staff Sergeant Gurcharn Singh (“the IO”), and that he had signed the statement
without reading it as a result of a threat by a police officer by the name of
Thanabalan. However, he considered these allegations to be more of an
afterthought rather than the truth. In his opinion, Sarjit had concocted these
allegations after he realised that parts of his statement were not consistent
with his testimony in court. In the circumstances, the judge ruled that it was
not necessary for the Prosecution to call the IO as a rebuttal witness.

17 Having found that the IO had faithfully recorded whatever Sarjit had wanted
to say, the judge noted that certain portions of the statement bore a close
resemblance to what had happened on 10 July 2003 as described by Faruq,
Sharful and Alamgir, and that they went to show that these prosecution
witnesses were telling the truth on the material aspects of the charges
against Sarjit.

**_Sarjit’s intoxication_**

18 On the issue of Sarjit’s intoxication, the judge found that the evidence
did not support Sarjit’s contention that he was heavily intoxicated. He
acknowledged that one Dr Lim Yun Chun (“Dr Lim”) had given his opinion that at
the time of the alleged offences, Sarjit’s mental state was influenced by the
effect of alcohol, and that it was probable that under the disinhibiting
effect of alcohol, he would be displaying symptoms of euphoria, overt
confidence, talkativeness, impaired judgment and lack of insight. He described
that condition as slipping in and out of the state of awareness. However, the
judge did not attach any weight to Dr Lim’s report because the doctor did not
interview Sarjit until approximately five months after the incident. Further,
the doctor’s opinion was based on information that Sarjit and his wife had
given him. The doctor admitted that his opinion would not have been the same
if different information had been given to him. When he was shown Sarjit’s
long statement, as well as his three cautioned statements, Dr Lim even said
that he was prepared to change his opinion.

19 The judge noted that none of the prosecution witnesses observed that Sarjit
was intoxicated on the day of the alleged offences, or when Sarjit gave his
police statements. Indeed, if Sarjit had been intoxicated, he would not have
been able to give the details that he did of the incident. In his long
statement, he was also able to narrate in a fair amount of detail his version
of the events.

**The appeal**

**_The appeal against conviction_**

20 In arriving at his decision, the judge clearly preferred the evidence of
the prosecution witnesses to that of the Defence witnesses. Generally
speaking, he found that the Defence witnesses were not truthful, reliable or
independent. It is trite law that an appellate court will be slow to disturb a
lower court’s findings of fact unless they are plainly wrong or against the
weight of the evidence. This is because the appellate court does not have the
advantage of hearing the witnesses and observing their demeanour in court:
_Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at 719, [32]; _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan
v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 464 at [36]; _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656
at [24]; _Dong Guitian v PP_ [2004] 3 SLR 34 at [27]. An appellate court may
reverse such findings only if it is convinced that the findings were wrong,
and not merely because it entertains doubts as to whether the decision was
right: _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704 at [21].

21 In so far as the inferences to be drawn from the findings of fact are
concerned, it has been said that an appellate judge is as competent as any
trial judge to draw the necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of
the case: _Soh Yang Tick v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 42 at [40]; _PP v Choo Thiam Hock_
[1994] 3 SLR 248 at 253, [12]. However, this does not mean that an appellate
court has free rein to substitute its view for that of the trial judge as and
when it pleases. There must be strong objective facts that weigh so strongly
against the decision of the trial judge that intervention on appeal is
required: _PP v Tubbs Julia Elizabeth_ [2001] 4 SLR 75 at [22].

22 On appeal, the Defence advanced a whole litany of complaints against the
judge’s decision, many of which overlapped with each other. The bulk of its
submissions either raised inconsequential points or were easily defeated by
the judge’s reasoning as set out above. I therefore found it necessary to
focus on only two major issues that the Defence raised and three others that
the judge did not develop in his grounds of decision. These are:

(a) whether the judge erred in finding that the elements of the offence of
extortion had been met;

(b) whether the judge erred in finding that it was not necessary for the
Prosecution to call the IO as a rebuttal witness;

(c) whether Sharful had concocted the allegation that Sarjit and Paramjit had
identified themselves as immigration officers;

(d) whether the judge had failed to take into account Sarjit’s testimony that
he had identified himself as a security officer or a security boss; and

(e) whether the extortion charge should be substituted with a charge of
corruption under s 5(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed).

_Whether the elements of the offence of extortion had been met_

23 To make out the offence of extortion, the Prosecution bore the burden of
proving that:

(a) Sarjit and Paramjit had intentionally put Sharful in fear that they would
continue to keep Faruq in wrongful confinement; and

(b) they thereby dishonestly induced Sharful to deliver $200 to them.

To support the offence of extortion, it was essential that Sarjit and Paramjit
had induced Sharful to experience the fear specifically contemplated by the
charge. It was not sufficient that he might have experienced some other fear:
_Lee Choh Pet v PP_ [1972–1974] SLR 40 at 48–49.

24 The Defence contended that the charge of extortion was not made out because
the evidence did not show that Sarjit and Paramjit had intended to induce any
fear that they would not release Faruq unless Sharful paid them money.
Throughout his time on the stand, Sharful did not allege that the men had
personally made this threat. Sharful was not even afraid that the men would
cancel Faruq’s work permit because he suspected that Sarjit and Paramjit were
in fact not immigration officers or that they were corrupt ones. What Sharful
did fear was that the men would stab Faruq, beat him up or throw him into the
forest. However, by his own admission, this fear was induced by his own
imagination.

25 Although the Defence had also advanced these arguments before the judge
below, the judge did not deal with them in his grounds of decision. In
explaining his decision to call for the Defence, all that he said at [33] was
that:

There was evidence that the two accused persons clearly intended to cause fear
in the minds of Sharful and Faruq that Faruq would be kept in wrongful
confinement and would only be released unless money was paid.

In explaining his decision to convict Sarjit on the offence of extortion, he
stated that he:

… accepted the evidence of Faruq, Sharful and Alamgir that the money that was
given was for the release of [Faruq]. All of them were subjected to very
lengthy cross-examination by both counsel for the accused but they were not
broken down on this material aspect of their evidence.

26 Although the judge did not specifically explain why he had rejected the
Defence’s submissions on the charge of extortion, I found that the evidence
did support his finding that Sarjit and Paramjit had intentionally put Sharful
in fear that they would not release Faruq.

27 In his examination-in-chief, Sharful testified that on 10 July 2003 at
about 11.00am, he received a phone call from someone who told him that he was
an immigration officer and that he had arrested his cousin as he had run away
from his company. Faruq then spoke to Sharful and told him that immigration
officers had arrested him and that he would only be released if he could pay
the men $500. If he did not, the immigration officers would bring him to the
immigration office and cancel his work permit. Faruq then passed the phone
back to the person who had spoken to Sharful earlier. This person told Sharful
that they were at Newton Hawker Centre. During the course of that morning,
Sharful had another three telephone conversations with either Sarjit or
Paramjit concerning where to meet and the fee that should be paid.

28 While it may be true that neither Sarjit nor Paramjit had personally
threatened Sharful with Faruq’s continued confinement, it is not the law that
the offence of extortion is not made out unless the accused conveyed the
threat himself. In the present case, Faruq was in the custody of both Sarjit
and Paramjit when they communicated with Sharful. It was with their knowledge
and consent that Faruq spoke to Sharful and it was in those circumstances that
Faruq informed Sharful that immigration officers had arrested him and that he
would only be released if he could pay the men $500. Since neither Sarjit nor
Paramjit did anything to disabuse Sharful of that notion, it must be the case
that Faruq represented the two men’s will and intent.

29 Further, a perusal of the notes of evidence indicated that Sharful’s
concern that the men would attack his cousin was only one of his fears. In
cross-examination, Sharful agreed that he was worried and afraid for Faruq and
that he wanted to secure his release immediately. This showed that he _also_
laboured under the fear that Sarjit and Paramjit would continue to keep his
cousin in wrongful confinement.

_Whether the Prosecution should have called the IO as a rebuttal witness_

30 In the court below, the Defence submitted that the Prosecution should have
called the IO as a rebuttal witness because Sarjit had made certain
allegations in his cross-examination and re-examination that the IO had not
addressed in his testimony for the Prosecution. Specifically, Sarjit alleged
that the IO did not accurately record certain portions of his long statement
and that the IO had fabricated the disputed portions. Since the Prosecution
did not put the IO back on the stand to rebut these allegations, the Defence
contended that these allegations must be true.

31 The judge below rejected a similar submission from the Defence because he
considered its allegations against the IO to be more of an afterthought than
the truth. Sarjit initially agreed that the IO had written down whatever he
had wanted to say. It was also his position that the IO had behaved
appropriately and professionally towards him during the police investigations.
In the judge’s opinion, the only reason why Sarjit had alleged that the long
statement was not accurate was because he had found that parts of the
statement were not consistent with his testimony in court. Indeed, it was
apparent to the judge that Sarjit raised the objection only after he realised
that parts of the statement were not favourable to his case.

32 In so far as the allegation of fabrication was concerned, the judge
concluded that the IO did not fabricate the disputed portions. If the IO had
intended to frame Sarjit, he would have written an incriminatory account. He
could also have done the same to the other three cautioned statements of
Sarjit that he recorded, the accuracy of which was never disputed by Sarjit.
To his mind, the objection that Sarjit had raised was but a feeble attempt on
his part to explain away the different versions.

33 In the circumstances, the judge considered that it would entail a waste of
the court’s time for the Prosecution to call the IO as a rebuttal witness. He
considered that the situation would be analogous to the following situation
referred to by the Court of Appeal in _Nadunjalian v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 682 at
690, [33]:

We do not think that [_Ajodha v The State_ [1982] AC 204] was intended to
stand for the broad proposition that a trial judge is required to convene a
trial-within-a-trial wherever and whenever some mote of doubt is raised by the
accused as to the voluntariness of his statement. The consequences would be
ludicrous. It would mean that even though no objection was taken to the
voluntariness of a confession when the proper opportunity arose, an objection
could be taken at a later stage in the trial if the accused happened to say
that he had been coerced into making the confession. To convene a voire dire
at that stage would be to waste the court’s time in recalling witnesses who
could very well have been questioned on the same issues earlier.

34 In my opinion, there was no reason to disagree with the judge on this
point. On appeal, the Defence’s main point was that the long statement must be
inaccurate because it was not consistent with Sarjit’s evidence in court. If
the long statement did contain the truth, it should have provoked the IO into
asking follow-up questions.

35 I found this argument to be a circular one. The long statement could not be
inaccurate simply because it was inconsistent with Sarjit’s testimony in
court: _Anbuarsu v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 719 at 725–726. After all, it is not
uncommon for an accused person to give the wrong version of events, to hold
back certain facts or to embellish facts to downplay his role in the offence.
The fact that there may be inconsistencies between the Prosecution’s case and
the accused’s statements does not, in and of itself, undermine the accused’s
conviction.

36 The Defence also complained that it was not able to cross-examine the IO on
the long statement because the document was not admitted into evidence until
Sarjit took the stand. The Defence submitted that the Prosecution should have
rectified this by calling the IO as a rebuttal witness.

37 In my opinion, this argument had no merit. If the Defence had been
seriously desirous of cross-examining the IO, it could easily have applied
under either s 180(l) or s 399 of the CPC to recall him. Section 180(l)
permits the accused to recall and cross-examine any witness present in the
court or its precincts at any time while he is making his defence. Section 399
gives the trial court the discretion to summon or recall a witness at any
stage of the proceedings. The Defence was certainly aware of the existence of
s 399 because it relied upon this section to recall its witness, Muhd Ameen.

_Whether Sarjit and Paramjit had introduced themselves as immigration officers
to Sharful_

38 The Defence argued that Sharful must have concocted the allegation that
Sarjit and Paramjit had identified themselves as immigration officers. The
Defence constructed its argument in the following way. When Sharful took the
stand, he testified that he had told the police officer at the entrance of the
Rochor Neighbourhood Police Post that his “brother” had been taken away by two
immigration officers. The “brother” that Sharful was referring to was his
cousin, Faruq. He subsequently spoke to Sergeant Hari Ram (“Sgt Hari”) and
gave a first information report to another officer. However, when Sgt Hari
took the stand, he did _not_ say that Sharful had told him that two men had
claimed to be immigration officers. Neither did the first information report
contain such an allegation. All that it said was:

My brother was pulled into a car and two M/Indian believed to be Singaporean
asked me to give them $500 if not they send my brother to immigration and
cancel work permit. Subj h/p: 93868427

The Defence submitted that such an omission existed because Sarjit and
Paramjit had never introduced themselves as immigration officers to Sharful.
If Sharful’s allegation was indeed true, the Defence argued, one would have
expected him to mention it repeatedly.

39 In my opinion, there was no merit to this argument. The Defence appeared to
be somewhat confused about what took place at the police post. Sharful did
_not_ speak to three different police officers. A perusal of the notes of
evidence indicated that the officer who met him at the entrance of the police
post and the officer who recorded the first information report were one and
the same. This officer was Sgt Hari. According to the officer, Sharful said
that his “brother” had accidentally bumped into people seated at a coffeeshop
at Rowell Road. Two males, believed to be locals, had caught hold of his
“brother” and had put him into a car. Sharful also said that he had received a
call on his handphone and that the caller had asked him to go to Newton Hawker
Centre with $500, failing which his “brother” would be handed over to the
immigration office for his work permit to be cancelled.

40 Although Sgt Hari did not say that Sharful had claimed that Sarjit and
Paramjit had identified themselves as immigration officers, I considered that
the discrepancy between Sharful’s and the officer’s testimonies was too minor
to be material. Adequate allowance must be given to human fallibility in
observation, retention and recollection: _Ng Kwee Leong v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 942
at [17]. As Abdul Hamid J put it in _Chean Siong Guat v PP_ [1969] 2 MLJ 63 at
64:

Absolute truth is I think beyond human perception and conflicting versions of
an incident, even by honest and disinterested witnesses, is a common
experience. In weighing the testimony of witnesses, human fallibility in
observation, retention and recollection are often recognised by the court.

41 In so far as the first information report was concerned, the law does not
require the report to contain the entire case for the prosecution. Its main
purpose is merely to give information of a cognisable offence to the police so
as to set them in motion: _Tan Pin Seng v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 418 at [27]. While
the existence of a material discrepancy between the report and the
complainant’s testimony in court is relevant, the circumstances in which the
report was lodged must be borne in mind. As the court put it in _Herchun Singh
v PP_ [1969] 2 MLJ 209 at 211:

… it is wrong to hold up the first information report as a sure touchstone by
which the complainant’s credit may invariably be impeached. It can only be
used for that purpose with discrimination, in much the same way as previous
statements by the witness are used, so that irrelevant errors in detail are
not given exaggerated importance, nor omissions, objectively considered in the
light of surrounding circumstances.

42 In the present case, the first information report was hurriedly lodged
before Sharful proceeded to Newton Hawker Centre to secure Faruq’s release. At
this point, Faruq’s safety would have been of utmost priority and it would not
be fair to expect the report to contain as many details as one lodged after
cool calculation.

_Sarjit’s testimony that he had identified himself as a security officer or a
security boss_

43 According to the judge’s summary of Sarjit’s evidence at [37] and [58] of
his Grounds of Decision, Sarjit had testified that he and Paramjit had merely
identified themselves as security officers. The Defence submitted that the
judge fell into error because what Sarjit had said was that he had identified
himself as a security officer and a security boss. The Defence argued that
this point was material because as a partner of KJK Security Agency, Sarjit
would have had every reason to represent himself as a security boss.

44 A perusal of the notes of evidence and Sarjit’s cautioned statements
revealed that Sarjit did claim that he had identified himself as a security
officer and a security boss. Nevertheless, I was of the view that the judge’s
error did not undermine his reasoning on the issue of false impersonation.
Regardless of whether Sarjit had identified himself as a security officer or a
security boss, the fact remained that he was not entitled in law to escort
Faruq back to his employer. To do so would have constituted illegal detention.
As the judge found, it would have made much more sense for Sarjit to portray
himself as an immigration officer. This would have made it easier for him to
get Faruq to show him his work permit, to leave Medina Restaurant and to
follow both Paramjit and him to Newton Hawker Centre.

_The corruption charge under the Prevention of Corruption Act_

45 Finally, the Defence cited _PP v Chua Boon Teck_ [1995] 3 SLR 551 (“ _Chua
Boon Teck_ ”) and submitted that even if the evidence _did_ support the
conviction on the extortion charge, I should nevertheless substitute the
charge with one under s 5(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. This section
states:

**Punishment for corruption.**

5\. Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other
person —

(a) corruptly solicit or receive, or agree to receive for himself, or for any
other person;

…

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; or

(ii) any member, officer or servant of a public body doing or forbearing to do
anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever, actual or
proposed, in which such public body is concerned,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

The only reason why the Defence advanced this submission was because the
offence of corruption carries a more lenient sentence than the offence of
extortion. While the offence of extortion is punishable with a term of
imprisonment of two to seven years and caning, the offence of corruption is
punishable with a term of imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or both.

46 I found the Defence’s argument to be plainly untenable. Article 35(8) of
the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) and s 336(1) of
the CPC give the Attorney-General of Singapore the power, exercisable at his
discretion, to institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any
offence. The Court of Appeal case of _Govindarajulu v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 838 is
direct authority for the proposition that this Court is not in a position to
overturn a conviction, even if it may disagree with the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion.

47 In _Govindarajulu v PP_ , the second appellant was charged with abetting
the first appellant in the commission of the offence of drug trafficking. On
appeal, the second appellant argued that he should have been charged under s
5(b) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) for offering to traffic
by selling not less than 325.7g of heroin, and that the first appellant should
have been charged with abetting the second appellant in the sale of that
quantity of heroin. In rejecting this ground of appeal, the Court of Appeal
held:

[W]hether or not the facts in the present case could also give rise to charges
under s 5(b) of the MDA [Misuse of Drugs Act] and whether the prosecution
should have charged the second appellant under that section was irrelevant. _A
trial court must concern itself with the charge at hand and decide at the end
of the day whether the prosecution has proved beyond a reasonable doubt each
and every element of the charge._ Counsel appeared to suggest that, since the
prosecution had presented the second appellant as the ‘mastermind’ of the
whole affair, it was wrong to charge him with abetment and treat the first
appellant as the principal offender. _In our view, it is not for a court of
law to consider the moral complicity of each accused person and question the
prosecution’s absolute discretion in deciding what charge to prefer._
[emphasis added]

48 In so far as the case of _Chua Boon Teck_ is concerned, that authority is
easily distinguishable. In that case, the respondents had been jointly charged
under s 385 read with s 34 of the Penal Code, of attempting to extort $3,000
from one Low. The district judge ruled that the offence of attempted extortion
was not established, and that there was no “injury” or “harm illegally caused”
to Low, having regard to s 383 read with ss 44 and 43 of the Penal Code. He
therefore amended the charge to one of attempted corruption under s 6(a) of
the Prevention of Corruption Act. Both respondents pleaded guilty to the
amended charge and were convicted and sentenced accordingly. The Prosecution
appealed against the district judge’s decision to amend the charges against
the respondents.

49 In rejecting the appeal in that case, I found that the offence of attempted
extortion had not been made out and upheld the district judge’s decision to
amend the charge to one of attempted corruption. The case of _Chua Boon Teck_
is therefore very different from the present case, where the original charge
of extortion _had_ been made out. It is certainly not authority for the
proposition that the courts are at liberty to amend the charges simply because
they may disagree with the manner in which the Prosecution has exercised its
discretion.

**_The appeal against sentence_**

50 The sentences prescribed by the Penal Code for each of the three different
offences for which Sarjit was charged are as follows:

(a) for the offence of extortion under s 384 of the Penal Code, a term of
imprisonment of not less than two years and not more than seven years and
caning;

(b) for the offence of wrongful confinement under s 342 of the Penal Code, a
maximum of one year’s imprisonment, or a fine of up to $1,000, or both; and

(c) for the offence of false impersonation of an immigration officer under s
170 of the Penal Code, a maximum of two years’ imprisonment, or a fine, or
both.

51 In sentencing Sarjit to a total of 40 months’ imprisonment and six strokes
of the cane, the judge found nothing significant in Sarjit’s mitigation plea
that dealt with his age, family, occupation and medical condition. Although
Sarjit had previous convictions, the judge did not consider this fact to be
aggravating because the previous convictions were not similar to the present
offences, being traffic and theft offences. The theft was also committed some
time ago before 1985.

52 However, the judge refused to give Sarjit a lenient sentence because Sarjit
had preyed upon a vulnerable victim. Foreigners like Faruq were vulnerable
targets as they were not likely to report any wrongdoing to the authorities.
Both accused persons took advantage of Faruq’s situation, hoping to gain some
financial benefit from it. In the present case, it was simply fortuitous that
Faruq had the backing of his cousin, Sharful. In the judge’s opinion,
foreigners working in Singapore should be protected from acts such as those
perpetrated by Sarjit and Paramjit.

53 In the present case, the Defence did not challenge the judge’s order that
the sentences for the ss 384 and 342 offences should run consecutively. What
it did say was that the sentence for each individual offence was manifestly
excessive. For the offence of extortion, the Defence submitted there was
nothing to warrant a sentence of more than the mandatory minimum sentence of
two years’ imprisonment. For the offences of wrongful confinement and false
impersonation, the Defence simply submitted that the judge should have imposed
a more lenient sentence.

_Extortion_

54 The sentence of 36 months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane
certainly fell within the normal sentencing tariff for the offence of
extortion. In _Saw Teck Kiong_ _v PP_ (unreported, Magistrate’s Appeal No 257
of 1993), the accused was convicted of three offences of extortion under s 384
read with s 34 of the Penal Code. The accused had obtained cash of $600 and
$400, as well as a cheque of $500 from his victims. On appeal, his sentence on
each charge was enhanced from two years and three months’ imprisonment and
four strokes of the cane to three years and six months’ imprisonment and four
strokes of the cane. In _Ng Chee Bing v PP_ [2001] SGDC 266, the accused
pleaded guilty to two charges of extortion under s 384 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code. The victim was a 13-year-old boy. The accused had previous
antecedents under the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed). The accused was
sentenced to three years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane on each
charge. There was therefore no reason to disturb Sarjit’s sentence on the
extortion charge.

_Wrongful confinement_

55 I found, however, that the sentence of four months’ imprisonment clearly
exceeded the normal sentencing tariff for the offence of wrongful confinement.
In _Kuai Cheng Yan v PP_ (unreported, Magistrate Appeal No 109 of 1998) (“
_Kuai Cheng Yan_ ”), a case with rather similar facts to those of the present
case, a fine of only $1,000 was imposed. In that case, the co-accused had
falsely identified himself as a police officer to the female victim. He
handcuffed her to himself and brought her to his car where the accused, his
girlfriend and a colleague of the victim, were waiting. The victim’s handcuffs
were removed and she was pushed into the rear seat of the car. The co-accused
drove the car off with the accused and the victim in the rear seat. As a
condition of her release, the victim was forced to sign a note admitting that
she had made nuisance calls to the accused. She did so and was released
unharmed. The two accused persons pleaded guilty to a charge under s 342 of
the Penal Code. The accused was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment and a
fine of $1,000, while the co-accused was sentenced to one month’s imprisonment
with a fine of $1,000. On appeal, the terms of imprisonment were set aside,
with the $1,000 fines to remain.

56 In contrast, a sentence of three months and above is normally imposed only
where aggravating factors are present: see _eg Karthi Kesan s/o Raja Gopal v
PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 83 of 1994) (“ _Karthi Kesan_ ”) in which three
accused persons were convicted on a charge of wrongful confinement under s 342
read with s 34 of the Penal Code. The victim had borrowed money from the first
accused but had defaulted on the loan. At about midnight, the first accused
waited with some others (including the second and third accused) for the
victim. When he saw the victim, he approached him and grabbed him by the
collar. He assaulted the victim and asked for the return of his money. The
first accused kicked and pushed the victim into a lorry driven by the third
accused. In the lorry, the victim was further assaulted by the first accused
and elbowed by the third accused. He was forced to hand over his belongings
and asked to strip to his underwear. The victim was ordered to raise the money
or else he would be “finished off” and his body thrown away. The victim called
his mother. She told him that she only had $800. The first accused then spoke
to her and told her, “Auntie, it is better for you to give the money tonight
or else your son will die.” All three accused persons were sentenced to three
months’ imprisonment. Their sentences were upheld on appeal.

57 In my view, the present case bore more similarity to the situation in Kuai
_Cheng Yan_ than _Karthi Kesan_. Although Sarjit and Paramjit did force Faruq
into their car and had scolded him whilst he was in the car, they did not
assault, humiliate and threaten Faruq to the extent that the accused persons
did in _Karthi Kesan_. I therefore found it appropriate to reduce Sarjit’s
sentence on the charge of wrongful confinement to one month’s imprisonment.

_False Impersonation_

58 In so far as the charge of false impersonation was concerned, I was of the
view that the facts did not warrant a custodial sentence of four months. In
_Tan Seng Kwee_ _v PP_ (unreported, Magistrate’s Appeal No 227 of 2000), a
case with similar features to the present case, the accused was sentenced to
only one month’s imprisonment. In that case, the accused approached a Thai
prostitute and offered to be her pimp. They then went into a hotel room
together. The accused prevented her from leaving the room and kicked her a few
times. He pulled her handbag away from her and told her that he was a police
officer. The accused had a previous conviction under s 22(1)(a) of the
Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed).
In sentencing the accused to one month’s imprisonment, the district judge
noted that the accused had chosen a victim who was easy prey because she was
not likely to report him to the authorities.

59 In contrast, significant aggravating factors should be present before a
sentence of four months’ imprisonment is imposed: see _eg_ _Iskandar bin Abdul
Rahim v PP_ (unreported, Magistrate;s Appeal No 38 of 2001). In this case, the
accused had impersonated a police officer and conducted a check on the victim.
He took her identity card and requested her to follow him in his car to the
police station to verify her identity. Whilst in the car, he asked the victim
to unbutton her shirt and molested her, claiming that he was merely “doing his
job” as a police officer. In sentencing the accused to four months’
imprisonment, the district judge noted that this was his third offence under s
170 of the Penal Code and that he had assumed a position of authority to take
advantage of the victim. Further, the accused had insisted on claiming trial
despite the fact that the evidence against him was overwhelming. The accused’s
sentence was upheld on appeal.

60 I therefore allowed Sarjit’s appeal against sentence with respect to the
charge of false impersonation and reduced it to one month’s imprisonment.

**Criminal revision of Paramjit’s sentence**

61 In so far as Paramjit was concerned, the judge imposed upon him the same
sentence as Sarjit. He found nothing significantly mitigating in his
mitigation plea that dealt with his family and medical condition. Although
Paramjit had a previous conviction for the offence of disorderly behaviour
under s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act, the
judge considered that it was not similar to the offences of extortion,
wrongful confinement or false impersonation. The judge noted that Paramjit had
been an active participant in the commission of the offences. Although he had
not punched Faruq, he had threatened Faruq into showing him his work permit
and had forced Faruq into Sarjit’s vehicle. Further, Paramjit had committed
the offences voluntarily and stood to gain financially from them.

62 Since I had allowed Sarjit’s appeal against his sentence in part, I found
it appropriate that I should exercise my powers of criminal revision under s
268 of the CPC to reduce Paramjit’s sentence as well.

63 It is a well-established principle that the courts should strive towards
parity in sentencing. As I observed in _PP v Ramlee_ [1998] 3 SLR 539 at [7]:

Where two or more offenders are to be sentenced for participation in the same
offence, the sentences passed on them should be the same, unless there is a
relevant difference in their responsibility for the offence or their personal
circumstances: see Archbold (1998), para 5-153. An offender who has received a
sentence that is significantly more severe than has been imposed on his
accomplice, and there being no reason for the differentiation, is a ground of
appeal if the disparity is serious. This is even where the sentences viewed in
isolation are not considered manifestly excessive: see _R v Walsh_ (1980) 2 Cr
App R (S) 224. In _R v Fawcett_ (1983) 5 Cr App R (S) 158, Lawton LJ held that
the test was whether ‘right-thinking members of the public, with full
knowledge of the relevant facts and circumstances, learning of this sentence
consider that something had gone wrong with the administration of justice?’
_The same should apply by analogy when the court is exercising its revisionary
powers. Right-thinking members of the public, with full knowledge of the
relevant facts and circumstances, would consider that something had gone wrong
since the offenders whose culpability are not significantly different, should
receive the same sentence._ [emphasis added]

64 Reverting to the facts of the present case, I found little difference
between Sarjit’s and Paramjit’s levels of culpability. Right-thinking members
of the public, with full knowledge of the relevant facts and circumstances,
would therefore consider that something had gone wrong if Sarjit’s sentence
was reduced but not Paramjit’s. I therefore ordered that Paramjit’s sentences
for the offences of wrongful confinement and false impersonation should also
be reduced to one month each.

**Conclusion**

65 For the reasons above, I dismissed Sarjit’s appeal against conviction but
reduced the sentences for the offences of wrongful confinement and false
impersonation to one month each. I ordered the imprisonment for the two
offences to run concurrently, but consecutively to that for the offence of
extortion. To ensure parity in sentencing, I exercised my powers of criminal
revision to reduce Paramjit’s sentence to the same extent. Each accused person
would therefore have to serve a total of 37 months’ imprisonment and suffer
six strokes of the cane.

66 At the end of the hearing, the Defence asked that I postpone the
commencement of Sarjit’s sentence by two weeks to give Sarjit some time to
attend to the affairs of his security agency. I was of the view, however, that
Sarjit had had more than sufficient time to settle his affairs because he had
enjoyed a stay of execution pending appeal since his conviction on 10 June
2004. I therefore refused to accede to this application and ordered that
Sarjit’s sentence should commence immediately.

Appeal against conviction dismissed; appeal against sentence allowed in part;
Paramjit Singh s/o Buta Singh’s sentence reduced on court’s own motion.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Feb 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

