Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v Public Prosecutor  
[2005] SGHC 63

Case Number | : | MA 10/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 April 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC and Ganga Avadiar (Allen and Gledhill) for the appellant; Han Ming Kuang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Appropriate application of benchmark sentences – Whether fine appropriate
sentence for offence of consumption of cocaine – Section 8(b), Schedule A
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether district
judge failing to attach adequate weight to mitigating factors – Whether
sentence taking into account specific facts and circumstances of offence and
offender – Whether sentence imposed manifestly excessive  
  

5 April 2005

V K Rajah J:

1 On 19 January 2005, appearing before a district court, Dinesh Singh Bhatia
s/o Amarjeet Singh (“the Appellant”), 35 years of age, pleaded guilty to a
charge of consumption of a Class A controlled drug, “Benzoylecgonine”, on 7
October 2004 in Singapore. This drug is more commonly known as cocaine. He
also admitted committing another offence of consumption relating to yet
another Class A controlled drug, “a-Methyl-3, 4-(methylenedioxy)
penethylamine”, on the same occasion. The Appellant consented to have the
second charge taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.

2 On 1 February 2005, the Appellant was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment
by the district court. He now appeals against that sentence. Counsel for the
Appellant, Mr K Shanmugam SC, contends that in the light of the Appellant’s
background and his solitary act of drug consumption, only a fine should have
been imposed on the Appellant. The sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment, it is
argued, is manifestly excessive. The Prosecution, however, maintains that the
district judge correctly applied the current sentencing guidelines and that
his decision should not be disturbed.

**Factual matrix**

3 Mariana bte Abdullah (“Mariana”) was the Appellant’s girlfriend for about 15
months, from September 2000 until the beginning of 2002. At that point, soon
after the Appellant’s business venture failed, they ended their relationship,
parting as friends.

4 Subsequently, Mariana began a relationship with Guiga Lyes Ben Laroussi
(“Laroussi”).

5 In or around February 2002, the Appellant met Katarina, who later became his
fiancée. In June 2004, their daughter was born. Around the third week of
August 2004, the Appellant and Katarina brought their baby daughter to Sweden
for a holiday to visit Katarina’s family, also seeking their blessing for the
couple to get married. They had planned to get married shortly thereafter.
Katarina decided to remain in Sweden a little longer to allow her parents to
spend more time with the baby, while the Appellant returned to work in
Singapore on or about 17 September 2004.

6 Even after the Appellant met Katarina, he and Mariana continued to keep in
touch with each other through phone calls from time to time. It bears mention
that prior to the incident on 7 October 2004, the Appellant had no knowledge
or reason to believe that Laroussi was trafficking drugs or that he had
introduced drugs to Mariana. On 20 September 2004, Mariana called the
Appellant on his mobile phone and suggested that they meet. The Appellant
agreed to do so when it was convenient. This telephone call was the precursor
to a series of unfortunate events precipitating the charges on which the
Appellant has now been convicted.

7 On the night of 6 October 2004, at some point after 9.00pm, the Appellant
received an invitation to join friends at a club in Havelock Road for drinks.
Without consuming any dinner, he joined his friends at around 10.00pm. The
Appellant then consumed a few glasses of whiskey mixed with Coca-Cola between
approximately 10.00pm and 1.00am.

8 At about 1.00am on 7 October 2004, as the Appellant and his friends were
about to leave the club, he called Mariana on her mobile phone number.
Laroussi answered the call. The Appellant enquired about Mariana. Laroussi
informed him that Mariana was with him and that they were staying at Hotel 81
at Balestier Road (“the hotel”). Laroussi then invited the Appellant to join
them for a drink.

9 The Appellant accepted the invitation to meet them at the hotel. On the way
to the hotel, the Appellant received a call from Laroussi. He informed the
Appellant that they were short of beer and requested that the Appellant obtain
some from a “7-Eleven” store near the hotel. The Appellant duly stopped at the
“7-Eleven” store and bought a pack (six cans) of cold beer.

10 It is pertinent to mention at this juncture that the Prosecution does not
challenge the Appellant’s evidence that he did _not_ go to the hotel with the
intention of consuming drugs.

11 The threesome drank beer and chatted. This consisted generally of small
talk, the details of which the Appellant does not now recollect save that
Mariana enquired about his daughter and his recent trip to Sweden. The
Appellant also remembers asking Mariana and Laroussi if they would be getting
married. The Appellant consumed two cans of beer with them and stayed for over
an hour.

12 Towards the end of the visit, the Appellant recalls, Laroussi suddenly
offered him some drugs. This offer was entirely unsolicited. Laroussi
intimated that the Appellant was looking tired and asked him to take the
drugs, as they would make him “feel good”. The Appellant impulsively consumed
some of the drugs he was offered. Shortly afterwards, he headed home. The
amount of drugs he had consumed apparently did not impair his ability to find
his way back home. He does not recall either Laroussi or Mariana consuming any
substance in his presence during his visit.

13 At about 5.00pm on 7 October 2004, the Appellant was arrested at his
residence by officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau. Laroussi has been
charged with drug trafficking but he subsequently absconded while on bail.
Mariana has recently been convicted for the consumption of drugs. A number of
others who also obtained cocaine from Laroussi have been charged similarly and
convicted for the consumption of cocaine. In this judgment, I refer to these
cases collectively as the “Laroussi cluster of cases”; see [43] to [51].

**Cocaine – the “most lethal drug of the 1980s”**

14 An article published in the May 1985 issue of _Criminal Law Review_ (see
Patrick Bucknell, “Notes on Some Controlled Drugs” [1985] Crim LR 260 at 265),
contains some pertinent and instructive observations on the usage of cocaine
and its detrimental effects:

Cocaine is usually used in the form of cocaine hydrochloride. A natural
alkaloid extracted from leaves of the coca shrub grown in Bolivia, Peru and
Columbia, taking the form of a white powder looking like fresh snow.
Cultivation and [manufacture] has increased dramatically in the last decade.
The Indians living and working at high altitudes traditionally chewed the
leaves to enable them to work for longer periods without food or rest. In 1858
a process was discovered for extracting the alkaloid. …

_Effect_ — potentiates adrenaline; a small quantity induces happiness and an
abundance of energy. The appetite is depressed. It is said to act as a sexual
stimulant. Large doses induce excessive self-confidence and hallucinations.
The effect lasts one to two hours and is followed by depression. It causes
psychic dependence but does not lead to withdrawal symptoms. (Cocaine can be
used as a surface anaesthetic). _Cocaine acts by preventing the removal of
adrenalin from its site of action. Blood pressure is raised and the action of
the heart may become irregular – which is why injections and “freebasing” can
be fatal._

_Prolonged ingestion by sniffing is said to damage the nasal tissues. Abuse
has been said to lead to sleeplessness, mental disturbance, stomach disorder
and emaciation. Regular users complain of a feeling as if insects were
creeping below their skin_.

…

Cocaine is occasionally mixed with heroin to produce a “speedball” for
intravenous injection in which the subject enjoys the euphoria induced by
heroin without the narcotic effect.

[emphasis added]

15 In _R v Martinez_ , _The Times_ 24 November 1984, Lord Lane CJ made certain
trenchant observations on the usage of cocaine:

Some of the different ways of taking cocaine were more dangerous than others.
They could result in an enormous craving for the drug and the addict tended to
become compulsive and less able to control the amounts of the drug used. _In
addition to the psychological dependency resulting from the drug there was no
doubt that its abuse resulted in a very serious physical addiction._

Withdrawal symptoms were commonplace. It could also cause psychosis in the
shape of a feeling of persecution, which might have extremely dangerous
consequences. _One expert had stated “the bad or dangerous effects make
cocaine potentially the most lethal drug of the 1980s”_.

[emphasis added]

16 In the light of cocaine’s severely pernicious effects and the lethal nature
of its addictive potency, the courts in England and Hong Kong in the 1980s
unhesitatingly assigned cocaine-related offences “to the upper hard end of the
scale”; see _Attorney General v Leung Pang-chiu_ [1986] HKLR 608 at 611 (Hong
Kong Court of Appeal); and also _R v Atkins_ (1981) 3 Cr App R (S) 257, _R v
Ross_ (1981) 3 Cr App R (S) 291 and _R v Davies_ [1983] Crim LR 46 (all
decisions of the English Court of Criminal Appeal).

17 There can be no doubt that while the reported abuse of cocaine in Singapore
to date indicates that the Laroussi cluster of cases (see [43] to [51]) is a
new development rather than part of an established pattern, its usage cannot
be countenanced or tolerated in any measure whatsoever. Other jurisdictions
have come down hard on its consumption and for good reason – its potency and
addictive allure have caused untold misery. It is noteworthy that the Hong
Kong Court of Appeal in 1986, _per_ Cons JA in _Attorney General v Leung Pang-
chiu_ at 611, pointedly declared:

It is better to eradicate a bad habit before rather than after it has taken a
firm hold. Cocaine has made a start in this territory, appropriate sentences
are necessary to nip the process in the bud.

18 The need for deterrent sentencing in connection with cocaine-related
offences is both axiomatic and compelling. A permissive culture of cocaine
consumption cannot be allowed to take root in Singapore. Any existing
consumers of cocaine must be uncompromisingly weeded out and adequately
punished. It follows that cocaine-related offences must invariably attract a
custodial sentence. A mere fine would be wholly inappropriate even for first-
time offenders. It might even lead unduly to the disquieting perception that
the well heeled can barter their way out of a prison sentence. The Prosecution
has rightly pointed out that it “is clear from … this cocaine bust [ie, the
Laroussi cluster of cases], the offenders move in high society and are
sophisticated, highly educated, well connected, cultured and wealthy”.

19 Cocaine is widely viewed as a “high society” drug and can potentially be
even more dangerous than heroin. In sentencing cocaine offenders the
unequivocal message of deterrence incontrovertibly overrides all the other
usual sentencing considerations. The Laroussi cluster of cases seems to
distinctly indicate that cocaine users are mature, intelligent, worldly-wise
and financially well-off individuals – in short, the financially privileged. A
mere financial rap on the knuckles would therefore be wholly inadequate and
ineffectual in deterring similar violations by similarly placed individuals.

20 The courts will not want to usually make any arbitrary distinction between
drugs which figure in the same class within Schedule A to the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 1998 Rev Ed) (see _Ooi_ _Joo Keong v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 68 (“
_Ooi_ ’s case”) at [14]). Nonetheless, given the lethal attributes of cocaine,
the special niche of high-society consumers it attracts and the fact that it
seems to have just found its way to our shores, deterrent measures are
ineluctably called for so as to single it out and to nip its spread in the
bud.

**Reliance on benchmarks and tariffs in sentencing**

21 In _Wan Kim Hock v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR 410 at [28], Yong Pung How CJ declared:

The process of sentencing is a matter of law that involves manifold factors
such that no two cases would ever be totally identical for the purposes of
sentencing. _Thus, while past cases are clearly helpful in providing
guidelines for the court, that is all that they are, mere guidelines. In
sentencing the offender, the court must look to each case on its unique
facts_. [emphasis added]

In the case of _Viswanathan Ramachandran v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 435 at [43], the
Chief Justice reiterated:

It is clear that any precedent cases can always be distinguishable on the
facts. Despite all this, precedent cases are useful in serving as guidelines
for the sentencing court. _However, that is all that they are: guidelines. At
the end of the day, every case turns on its own facts. The sentencing court
must look to the facts of each case and decide on an appropriate sentence
based on those facts_. [emphasis added]

22 This brief overview of the relevance of tariffs and sentencing precedents
would not be complete unless I also include a reference to the decision of
_Abu Syeed Chowdhury v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 301 where the Chief Justice, with his
usual acuity, explained the role of sentencing benchmarks at [15]:

… A ‘benchmark’ is a sentencing norm prevailing on the mind of every judge,
ensuring consistency and therefore fairness in a criminal justice system. It
is not cast in stone, nor does it represent an abdication of the judicial
prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual offender. _It
instead provides the focal point against which sentences in subsequent cases,
with differing degrees of criminal culpability, can be accurately determined_.
A good ‘benchmark’ decision therefore lays down carefully the parameters of
its reasoning in order to allow future judges to determine what falls within
the scope of the ‘norm’, and what exceptional situations justify departure
from it. [emphasis added]

23 I also find the following passage from D A Thomas’s _locus classicus_ ,
_Principles of Sentencing_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p 29 instructive:

The use in the context of sentencing of the term “tariff”, although at least a
century old, is unfortunate. _The expression suggests a process of relating
penalties to offences by the application of an inflexible scale and without
consideration of the circumstances of the individual offender. Neither
implication is true of the complex body of principles which has evolved to
guide the sentencer in calculating the length of a sentence of imprisonment_.
The principles of the tariff constitute a framework by reference to which the
sentencer can determine what factors in a particular case are relevant to his
decision and what weight should be attached to each of them. _Properly used,
they offer a basis for maintaining consistency in the sentencing of different
offenders, while observing relevant distinctions, making appropriate
allowances for individual factors and preserving adequate scope for the
exercise of judicial discretion_. [emphasis added]

24 The circumstances of each case are of paramount importance in determining
the appropriate sentence. Benchmarks and/or tariffs (these terms are used
interchangeably in this judgment) have significance, standing and value as
judicial tools so as to help achieve a certain degree of consistency and
rationality in our sentencing practices. They provide the vital frame of
reference upon which rational and consistent sentencing decisions can be
based. They ought not, however, to be applied rigidly or religiously. No two
cases can or will ever be completely identical or symmetrical. The lower
courts, while obliged to pay careful and thoughtful attention to tariffs
and/or sentencing precedents, must not place them on an altar and obsessively
worship them. The judicial prerogative to depart in a reasoned and measured
manner from sentencing and precedent guidelines in appropriate cases should
not be lightly shrugged off. Sentencing is neither a science nor an
administrative exercise. Sentences cannot be determined with mathematical
certainty. Nor should they be arbitrary. The sentence must fit the crime.
Every sentence reflects a complex amalgam of numerous and various factors and
imponderables and requires the very careful evaluation of matters such as
public interest, the nature and circumstances of the offence and the identity
of the offender. Most crucially, it calls for the embodiment of individualised
justice. This in turn warrants the application of sound discretion. General
benchmarks, while highly significant, should not by their very definition be
viewed as binding or fossilised judicial rules, inducing a mechanical
application.

Sentencing guidelines in Singapore for consumption of Class A drugs

25 The first offence of consumption under ss 8(b)(i) and 8(b)(ii) of the MDA
entails a maximum term of imprisonment of ten years or a fine of $20,000 or
both. No minimum sentences are legislatively prescribed for first offenders.
The second or subsequent offences under s 8(b)(i) of the MDA carry a minimum
mandatory term of three years’ imprisonment. The maximum term, however,
remains at ten years.

26 A helpful summary of sentencing precedents in this area can be found in
_Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (Lexis Nexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at
p 691:

The courts have always viewed the consumption of controlled drugs of any kind
as a very serious offence. Prior to the guideline decision of Chief Justice
Yong Pung How in _Ooi Joo Keong v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 68 handed down on 5
December 1996, a heavy fine or a short term of imprisonment up to three months
was normally imposed on first offenders _. However, since the said decision,
stiff custodial sentences have been the norm for first offenders. The said
guideline case, which involved the consumption of ecstasy, sets the sentencing
tariff for a first offender [at] between 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment._
Shortly thereafter, in _PP v Mohd Tahir bin Kadir_ (DAC 16119 & 16120/97)
which involved the consumption of methamphetamine, popularly known as ‘ice’,
the Senior District Judge adopted the said tariff. He added that the sentence
should be close to the upper end of the tariff since “ice” is more addictive
and more readily available.

_After the said two cases, the clear sentencing pattern that emerges for
offences involving the consumption of Class A drugs like diamorphine,
morphine, ecstasy, ‘ice’ and cannabis is the imposition of imprisonment terms
ranging from 12 months to 18 months_. The rationale of this is as stated by
Chief Justice Yong in the said guideline case, namely, ‘It is generally not
for the courts to determine the relative dangers of various drugs, especially
where Parliament has, no doubt with expert advice, deemed it proper or even
necessary to classify the drug as belonging to a class which can be described
as the most dangerous.’

However, in three cases thereafter, _Ng Kheng Tiak v PP_ (MA 248/97/01);
_Muhammad Razali bin Ishak v PP_ (MA __ 56/98/01); _Pililis Nikiforos v PP_
(MA __ 198/99/01), sentences of imprisonment imposed by District Courts were
set aside on appeal and a fine of $20,000 substituted in the first case, an
order of probation in the second case and a fine of $5,000 in the third case.
_These three decisions stand by themselves_. As no written grounds were
delivered by the High Court in these cases _,_ it can only be surmised that
whilst deterrence is the primary focus in sentencing, a non-custodial sentence
should be imposed where it would be the most productive disposition for the
rehabilitation of the offender _. In another case, Yap Boon Tiong v PP (MA
349/96/01), an 18-year-old student who pleaded guilty to consumption of
ecstasy was fined $5,000. On appeal by the Public Prosecutor against the
inadequacy of the sentence, the High Court departed from the tariff and
imposed a term of six months’ imprisonment_.

[emphasis added]

**The decision of the district judge**

27 The district judge held ([2005] SGDC __ 31 at [3]):

An offence under s.8(b)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs Act is punishable with a
maximum fine of $20,000 or imprisonment for 10 years or both. Imprisonment is
not mandatory and a court can in appropriate circumstances impose a fine.
However, for consumption of Class A drugs, courts in Singapore have (ever
since benchmark sentences of 12 months to 18 months proposed by the Senior
District Judge and affirmed by the Honourable the Chief Justice in the case of
_Ooi Joo Keong v. P.P. [1997]_ _2 SLR 68)_ unless there were circumstances
warranting a departure from the norm, _always been imposing sentences in line
with the proposed benchmarks_. [emphasis added]

28 As the decision in _Ooi_ ’s case appears to be the genesis of the present
sentencing benchmark for first-time offenders of Class A (_ie_ Class A of the
First Schedule of the MDA) drug consumption, it is important to carefully
scrutinise and evaluate the facts of that case. I turn first to the decision
at first instance.

29 That case was the first instance in which the District Court had considered
full submissions from counsel in assessing the proper sentencing approach for
the offence of consumption of the drug known as “ecstasy”, a drug falling
within the rubric of Class A. The appellant in that case had a deeply
disturbing catalogue of variegated antecedents. He was charged with having
committed an offence of consumption under s 8(b) of the MDA. The Senior
District Judge in his Grounds of Decision ([1996] SGMC 1) highlighted at [39]
that:

The Court accordingly, took into account the Appellant’s antecedents. He had a
previous conviction for an offence of a similar nature as well for dissimilar
offences. He had been convicted for possession of a controlled drug in 1991
and had been sentenced to 2 months’ imprisonment. It was certainly
inappropriate to impose a 1 to 2-week’s imprisonment on the Appellant as urged
by his learned Defence Counsel. Including this offence, the Appellant, since
1989 to 1996, had been convicted or had admitted to 16 offences, namely:

1 offence of armed robbery,

1 offence of criminal intimidation

2 offences of touting

4 offences of criminal trespass

6 offences of having carnal connection with a girl under 14 years of age

1 offence for voluntarily causing hurt to deter a public servant.

1 offence for possession of drug.

30 In considering the appropriate tariff to apply in that case the Senior
District Judge declared at [46]:

It was the Court’s view that _the tariff in the instant case_ should be not
less than 12 months’ imprisonment. In considering the tariff, the Court
recognised that the Appellant had pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and
that this was the first case in which the Court heard submissions on the
sentencing approach to a consumption of ecstasy offence. _A range from 12
months’ imprisonment to 18 months’ imprisonment, given the above sentencing
principles and antecedents like that of the Appellant would have been an
appropriate sentence_. The tariff was proscribed [_sic_] by the fact that the
Court was sitting as a Magistrate’s Court and could only exercise the
attributed powers, namely maximum fine of $2,000 or 2 years’ imprisonment or
both. [emphasis added]

31 It is as plain as a pikestaff that the Senior District Judge in that case
was addressing the appropriate tariff for, _inter alia_ , individuals with
“antecedents like that of the Appellant”.

32 In fact, on appeal, the Chief Justice himself clearly stated and affirmed
in his judgment at [8], [16] and [18]:

As regards the argument that the appellant was a first time abuser of the drug
and that the drug was relatively new in Singapore so that the appellant did
not know of the effects of the drugs, I did not find this argument persuasive.
_It might have carried some weight had the accused been a first time offender.
However, the appellant was hardly a babe in the woods. His antecedents spoke
for themselves_ …

_It is true that other offenders caught at about the same time as the
appellant had gotten away with much lesser sentences_. Consistency in
sentencing is of course desirable. However, the court need not and should not
be fettered by sentences passed by other courts when it is its view that the
previous sentences were manifestly or even woefully inadequate. …

_Given the appellant’s antecedents, including a similar offence for possession
of drugs (the appellant says cannabis), the sentence of 12 months’
imprisonment is not manifestly excessive_. …

[emphasis added]

33 In the instant scenario, the Prosecution nonetheless submits that the Chief
Justice, in upholding the tariff adverted to by the Senior District Judge,
signalled that this tariff was to henceforth apply to all Class A offences
under s 8(b) of the MDA. It relies on the following passage from the judgment
of the Chief Justice at [19]:

For these reasons, I was of the view that the sentence was not excessive, much
less manifestly excessive. _The tariff of 12 to 18 months’ imprisonment for a
first offender suggested by the senior district judge is more appropriate_. To
that extent, the appellant was lucky that his was the first case in which
detailed submissions were made on sentencing for the offence of consuming
Ecstasy. Accordingly I dismissed the appeal. [emphasis added]

34 The District Court in the instant case and the editors of _Sentencing
Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ have similarly chosen to construe this
passage as a virtual _edict_ that such a sentencing tariff must be applied “
_unequivocally_ ” to all first-time Class A consumption offences. I do not
think this is correct. First of all, it appears to me that the Chief Justice
had gone no further than approve in a general manner the tariff that had been
postulated by the Senior District Judge in that case (see [30] above). The
latter, on a plain reading, does not appear to have suggested an immutable
tariff for all first-time offenders. It is plain that the _context_ of the
case in question, relating as it does to the actual facts and circumstances
therein, must also be taken into account. This leads to a second and more
crucial point. Subsequent to _Ooi_ ’s case, the High Court had on several
occasions taken the view that the sentence should be tailored to the
circumstances of the case and the offender, even in the case of Class A
offenders. The Chief Justice himself did not apply this “tariff” in three
subsequent cases involving Class A drug consumption offenders. Indeed, as the
editors of _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ have themselves
pointed out (see [26] above):

However, in three cases thereafter, _Ng Kheng Tiak v PP_ (MA 248/97/01);
_Muhammad Razali bin Ishak v PP_ (MA 56/98/01); _Pililis Nikiforos v PP_
(MA/198/99/01), sentences of imprisonment imposed by District Courts were set
aside on appeal and a fine of $20,000 substituted in the first case, an order
of probation in the second case and a fine of $5,000 in the third case. _These
three decisions stand by themselves_. [emphasis added]

35 In addition, there is the further decision of _Yap Boon Tiong v PP_
(Magistrate’s Appeal No __ 349 of 1996) (“ _Yap_ ’s case”) where an 18-year-
old student who had been fined $5,000 for the consumption of ecstasy, was on
an appeal by the Prosecution, sentenced by the High Court to six months’
imprisonment (see [26] above).

36 The editors of _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ conclude,
rather abruptly, that these three cases “stand by themselves”. No genuine or
reasoned attempt was made to rationalise these post-_Ooi_ ’s case decisions.
This perhaps explains why the district judge in this case may have felt
constrained to apply the tariff as the starting point for sentencing in the
present case, regardless of its own particular circumstances.

37 In my view the three _subsequent_ decisions of the Chief Justice ought not
to be cursorily treated as unfounded aberrations or lightly dismissed as
stand-alone cases. On the contrary, they should be interpreted as a stark and
valuable reminder to the lower courts not to apply benchmarks or tariffs
willy-nilly irrespective of the circumstances of the case. It bears emphasis
that not one of these four cases (including _Yap_ ’s case decided earlier)
applied the purportedly rigid tariff of 12 to 18 months. It is fundamental
that the lower courts assiduously apply this salutary exhortation by the Chief
Justice in _Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253 at [12]:

At the end of the day, every case which comes before the courts must be looked
at on its own facts, each particular accused in his own circumstances …

38 It is axiomatic that the High Court, while taking a very serious view of
Class A drug offences, has not rigidly or unfailingly imposed the purported
benchmark custodial sentence as a mandatory starting point in punishing all
first-time offenders. While the Senior District Judge again adverted to a
blanket tariff of 12 to 18 months in _PP v Mohd Tahir bin Kadir_ (District
Arrest Cases Nos 16119 and 16120 of 1997), a case involving another first-time
offender, he unfortunately did not or could not reconcile the disparate
sentences that had already been meted out by the various courts since _Ooi_ ’s
case. In my view, while it is clearly desirable to have clear sentencing
guidelines in this difficult and knotty area of sentencing, it would serve no
real public interest to adopt a calcified and rigid approach in establishing
precise and unwavering sentencing benchmarks. What started off as an approval
by the Chief Justice of a general guideline appears to have now evolved, in
the subordinate courts, into a proverbial Procrustean bed. I would prefer to
apply a more measured and textured approach – one that permits adequate
consideration to be accorded to genuine mitigating circumstances. It appears
from the summary of cases adverted to earlier that the range of sentences for
imprisonment starts at six months (_Yap_ ’s case, for a young 18-year-old
offender) and extends right up to 18 months for a first-time offender. I
consider this to be an appropriate spectrum.

39 Adopting this wider spectrum of sentencing options for first-time offenders
will allow adequate regard to be duly given to the many imponderables involved
when such offences are committed, such as: What was the amount of drug(s)
consumed (though admittedly evidence related to this may not invariably be
reliable depending on how soon after the consumption of a drug the urine
sample was taken); what was the occasion that led to the act of consumption;
was it planned or incidental to some other event; were there several others
simultaneously consuming drugs; was any payment involved; is the accused a
first-time drug consumer, a casual consumer or an addict? While this is by no
means a comprehensive or exhaustive list, it is intended to highlight some of
the thought processes a sentencing judge should apply when determining the
appropriate custodial sentence for drug consumption offences. Given that not
all offences of consumption are the same, it follows that _not all acts of
consumption ought to be punished identically with a rigid, immutable starting
point that constitutes an end by itself_. It would be appropriate to provide a
wider scale of calibration when grading different offending acts of
consumption for the purpose of sentencing. While all consumption offences will
almost inevitably attract a custodial sentence, it would not be correct to
visit upon a first-time consumer precisely the same sentence that is meted out
to an addict or even a casual user for that matter.

**Fines**

40 In what circumstances can a fine be imposed on a Class A drug consumer in
lieu of a sentence of imprisonment? The case of _Pililis Nikiforos v PP_
[1999] SGDC 2, a post-_Ooi_ ’s case decision, provides some, albeit
tangential, guidance. The accused was 20 years old and it was undisputed that
the act of consumption was a one-off incident inspired by curiosity. The
accused was initially sentenced to a term of eight months’ imprisonment. On
appeal, the Chief Justice set aside the sentence and substituted it with a
fine of $5,000. While no grounds of decision were given, it may be surmised
that a fine may be imposed in very limited instances where a young offender
with no antecedents is involved. It must also be pointed out that the drug
involved in that case was morphine – a prohibited Class A drug which from time
to time is used for medical purposes to alleviate pain. Youth and immaturity,
while never a completely exculpatory factor, may therefore in exceptional
cases warrant a less rigorous sentencing treatment than that meted out to a
mature adult in similar circumstances.

41 Needless to say, the imposition of a mere fine cannot be the invariable
practice for all young offenders: see _PP v Nurhidayah binte Abdullah_
(Magistrate’s Appeal No 281 of 2002), where a 17-year-old female received 12
months’ imprisonment; _Edward Arifianto v PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 298 of
1998) where a 16-year-old male who committed a number of drug-related offences
received, _inter alia_ , a 12-month sentence of imprisonment for a Class A
drug consumption offence. To adopt such a practice could encourage a climate
of permissiveness among students and younger persons, especially the well
heeled, who might then imagine they can “buy their way out” of drug offences.
It should also be noted that a young offender who lacks a strong and committed
family unit willing to assume a critical role in ensuring that he stays on the
straight and narrow would also have to face a custodial sentence: see _Wu Si
Yuan v PP_ [2003] SGHC 7.

42 I do not intend to catalogue the instances when a fine would be
appropriate; suffice it to say that while the judicial discretion to impose a
fine is _ex facie_ statutorily conferred without any fetter, it should be
employed, in so far as Class __ A drug offences are concerned, _only sparingly
and in purely exceptional cases_. I should also add that a single instance of
impulsive drug consumption made on the spur of the moment, while often a
mitigating factor, should not _per se_ be evaluated as an exceptional
circumstance. This might quite easily be construed as a licence for drug
experimentation which again would be wholly unacceptable.

**The Laroussi cluster of cases**

43 A collective consideration of these decisions is appropriate as they
occurred in loosely connected circumstances. I emphasise the term “loosely”
since, as I have taken great pain to point out, the individual circumstances
of each case are paramount. Nevertheless, these cases are clearly of current
relevance.

**PP v Simmonds Nigel Bruce _(District Arrest Cases Nos 45356, 45357, 48252,
48253 and 48254 of 2004)_**

44 On the first three charges, Nigel Bruce Simmonds (“Simmonds”) was sentenced
on 10 __ December 2004 to 12 months’ imprisonment each for (a) possession of
‘ice’, (b) consumption of cocaine (12.7mg/ml of bezoylecgonine was found in
his urine), (c) consumption of ‘ice’. Two other charges for the possession of
paraphernalia used for the consumption of ‘ice’ and for the consumption of
‘ecstasy’ were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. He had
_bought_ the drugs from Laroussi. Simmonds’ Statement of Facts sets out,
_inter alia_ , that:

Investigations further revealed that the accused purchased various controlled
drugs, namely, “Cocaine”, “Ice” and “Ecstasy”, from a person known to the
accused as “The Arab”. The real identity of “The Arab” was later established
to be one Guiga Lyes Ben Laroussi.

45 Simmonds was sentenced to a total of 24 months’ imprisonment, with the
third sentence to run concurrently. Unlike Simmonds, who regularly and
systematically consumed drugs bought from Laroussi, the Appellant did not
regularly take drugs and the subject incident was a one-off incident. Simmonds
also had drugs and related paraphernalia in his possession for future
consumption. It is also noteworthy that the metabolite of cocaine detected in
the Appellant’s urine (1mg/ml) was 12 times lower than that in Simmonds’
urine. While there are admittedly other imponderables involved in a comparison
of this nature, this last fact arguably lends some corroboration to the
Appellant’s contention that he did not consume a substantial amount of drugs.

**PP v Veale Andrew William _(District Arrest Cases Nos 47327 and 47328 of
2004)_**

46 Andrew William Veale (“Veale”) was sentenced on 14 December 2004 to 12
months’ imprisonment for one count of consumption of cocaine (23.5mg/ml of
benzoylecgonine was detected in his urine). Interestingly, the Appellant had
only 1mg/ml of benzoylecgonine (23 times less) in his urine. However, there
was cogent evidence to indicate, as in the preceding case, _a pattern of
purchase and consumption_ by Veale. The Statement of Facts sets out, _inter
alia_ , that:

The accused had purchased various controlled drugs, namely “Cocaine” and
“Ecstasy”, from a person known to the accused as “Lyas”. The real identity of
“Lyas” was later established to be one Guiga Lyes Ben Laroussi.

**PP v Mermilliod Francois Fabien _(District Arrest Case No 45363 of 2004)_**

47 Francois Fabien Mermilliod (“Francois”), 29 years of age, pleaded guilty to
_possession_ of 0.5g of cocaine which he admitted he _purchased_ for $150 from
Laroussi for his own consumption. He was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment.
Once again, this appeared to be a premeditated purchase indicating that
Francois was, at the very least, a casual if not a regular user of this drug.

**PP v Pang Su-Yin Penelope _(District Arrest Case No 47305 of 2004)_**

48 Penelope Pang Su-Yin (“Penelope”), also 35 years of age like the Appellant,
was sentenced on 24 __ December __ 2004 to _11 months’ imprisonment_ for one
count of consumption of cocaine (0.4 mg/ml of benzoylecgonine was detected in
her urine). She claimed in mitigation that she had been suffering from a
chronic back pain and took the cocaine to alleviate her pain. Penelope’s
consumption of cocaine, even if one were to accept her mitigation plea, was
decidedly _premeditated_. She was aware that the cocaine had been purchased by
her boyfriend, Veale. There was clearly, at the very least, a pattern of
cocaine consumption.

**PP v Mariana bte Abdullah _(District Arrest Case No 75 of 2005)_**

49 Mariana (see [4] above) was at the material time Laroussi’s girlfriend. She
is 25 years of age. She pleaded guilty to a charge of consuming morphine on 7
October 2004 as well as to a charge of theft of $1,000 from a DBS Bank
automated teller machine on 6 June 2003. She also agreed to have an additional
charge for the consumption of cocaine on 7 October 2004 and two other charges
of theft on two separate occasions from DBS Bank automated teller machines,
amounting in total to $1,500, taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing.

50 In mitigation, her counsel pleaded that she “was mixing with a circle of
people, whose friendship was woven [together] by a common thread called drug
(sic)”.

51 She was sentenced on 25 January 2005 to a total of 13 months’ imprisonment.
From her counsel’s mitigation plea, it can reasonably be surmised that the
episode of drug consumption she was ultimately charged with was not a solitary
instance. She was also clearly, at the very least, an individual with an
established pattern of cocaine consumption. It is also pertinent to point out
that the sentence took into consideration not just the consumption of cocaine
but two other instances of theft.

**_An overview of the Laroussi cluster of cases_**

52 Three salient features emerge from this overview of cases involving the
actual members of Laroussi’s drug circle. Firstly, all of them were either
hardcore addicts like Simmonds or, at the very least, casual users like
Penelope. Secondly, all of those convicted appear to have _purchased_ their
cocaine from Laroussi, either directly or indirectly through friends. Thirdly,
the consumption of cocaine by each of them does not appear to be incidental
but, on the contrary, planned and/or part of _a pattern_. In my view, given
the circumstances of each of these cases as they appear on record, there can
be no question of excessiveness pertaining to the lengths of sentences of
imprisonment imposed by the lower courts on each one of these offenders. On
the contrary, it could even be cogently argued, in the light of policy
considerations and factors I have earlier adverted to, that the sentences in
some of these cases may even have erred in leaning towards the more lenient
end of the sentencing spectrum.

53 While I do not accept Mr Shanmugam’s contention that the Appellant did not
know he was consuming cocaine – he has after all pleaded guilty to its
intentional consumption – there are at least two pertinent differentiating
features in this case when contrasted with the other cases. The consumption by
the Appellant was neither planned nor purchased. Furthermore, the Prosecution
accepts that the consumption was a one-off incident. The district judge failed
to attach adequate relevance or weight to these distinctive features.

**The appropriate sentence**

54 The district judge correctly disregarded the Appellant’s contention that
the adverse media publicity visited upon the Appellant and his family ought to
be considered as a mitigating factor. I acknowledge, as Mr Shanmugam argued,
that certain press articles have indeed portrayed the Appellant inaccurately
as a serial drug consumer and/or as a member of a drug ring. He is not a drug
addict. Nor is he a substance abuser or a casual consumer of drugs. There is
neither any evidence, nor indeed any suggestion by the Prosecution to the
contrary. However, I fail to see the legal relevance of Mr Shanmugam’s
indignant complaint about “acres of adverse publicity”. Incorrect news
reporting and/or unfavourable publicity hardly qualify as legal planks that
can legitimately be deployed by the Appellant in diminishing his culpability
and/or in mitigating the appropriate sentence. This contention, with respect,
defies logic and would inexorably lead to the rather absurd conclusion that
the negative publicity accorded to all prominent persons who run foul of the
law must be taken into account as a sentencing consideration. This in turn
would inevitably entail that prominent individuals, by dint of their
prominence and the attendant adverse publicity alone, ought to receive more
favourable treatment from a sentencing court. Does this not run counter to the
axiom that all individuals ‘stand equal’ before the law? Surely this cannot be
right.

55 A single foolish act of momentary indiscretion has engendered considerable
anguish and immeasurable distress to both the Appellant and his entire family.
As a parent, I cannot but empathise with the agony that the unfortunate
incident has caused his parents, both of whom are notable and highly respected
members of the community who have tirelessly rendered significant and
praiseworthy public service. Having said that, as a judge, I have to
unflinchingly and unreservedly acknowledge that the strong public policy
considerations dictating a custodial sentence for offences of this nature are
compelling and that they have to be respected, adhered to and applied
dispassionately in this case.

56 In determining the appropriate sentence, I take into account the following
considerations: that the Appellant did not seek the drugs; that the act of
consumption was not planned but effected on the spur of the moment; that the
amount consumed was not substantial; that there was no payment involved in
this unfortunate incident and that this was, based on the evidence before the
court, a one-off episode. The second charge of drug consumption to be taken
into consideration relates to an act that was also simultaneously committed. I
am therefore inclined, in the circumstances of this case, to treat both
charges concurrently as part of a single act of consumption. I also note and
acknowledge that the character referees have described the Appellant as a
person possessing considerable talent, an admirable academic pedigree and an
excellent character. He has no antecedents and had also entered a plea of
guilty at the earliest opportunity. The Prosecution, quite rightly, has also
not pressed for a particularly deterrent sentence and has only sought to
uphold the district judge’s decision.

57 In the light of all these factors, a sentence at the lower end of the
spectrum for a first-time offender consuming Class A drugs is appropriate. I
agree with Mr Shanmugam that the Appellant should not be tarred with the same
brush as either the accused in _Ooi_ ’s case who received 12 months’
imprisonment, notwithstanding the latter’s montage of variegated antecedents,
or the known members of Laroussi’s network, all of whom appear to be either
addicts or at the very least regular and/or casual consumers of cocaine. On
the basis of the evidence before me, it is appropriate to conclude that the
Appellant was not a member of that illicit circle. I also note that the
district judge himself was minded to apply the lower end of what he had
mistakenly perceived as an “immutable” tariff of 12 to 18 months’
imprisonment. While the district judge indeed professed awareness that
benchmarks are not conclusive, citing the decision of _Abu Syeed Chowdhury v
PP_ ([22] _supra_), it appears that he was unduly perturbed that a variation
in sentencing “will give a wrong signal” apropos the uncompromising and
relentless battle being waged on drug abuse. This is unfair to the Appellant.
The district judge erred in not tailoring the sentence to fit the offender and
in failing to attach adequate weight and merit to all the relevant mitigating
factors. In the final analysis, a benchmark is a guide and not an end in
itself. It must – indeed, can only – serve the ends of justice by retaining
flexibility itself.

**The decision**

58 In my view, the sentence imposed is manifestly excessive. In the result,
the sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment imposed by the learned district judge
is hereby set aside and a sentence of eight months’ imprisonment is
substituted in lieu thereof. I should add, for the sake of completeness, that
I am unable to mete out the same punishment of six months’ imprisonment
accorded in _Yap_ ’s case for two reasons: firstly, because the drug concerned
here is cocaine and secondly, because of the Appellant’s maturity in contrast
to the youthfulness of the accused in _Yap_ ’s case.

**Concluding observations**

59 The consumption of drugs is a grave menace and an anathema to the fabric
and well-being of society and must be uncompromisingly stamped out. It must
now be clearly and unfailingly understood that all drug offences involving the
possession or consumption of Class A drugs inexorably attract custodial
sentences, save in purely exceptional cases. This is not an exceptional case.
The Appellant ought to have known better. In pressing for a mere fine to be
imposed on the Appellant, Mr Shanmugam emphasised that the Appellant is a
“highly intelligent individual with exceptional talents”. It does not stand up
to scrutiny that an exceptional individual should be accorded exceptional
treatment by the courts. The elite in Singapore cannot legitimately expect to,
and in any event, will not, be accorded preferential treatment by the courts.
The courts have to discharge their duty fairly and dispassionately regardless
of an accused’s station in life and/or family background. That said, it is
nonetheless inappropriate for the courts to unthinkingly and mechanically
impose on any individual, regardless of his background, an inflexible
benchmark that makes no allowance for legitimate mitigating circumstances.

60 Parliament itself has conferred on the courts a broad discretion to deal
with such offenders. Minimum sentences are legislatively imposed only on
repeat offenders. The courts should not unnecessarily hamstring themselves in
rigidly applying sentencing guidelines or benchmarks. While benchmarks or
guidelines must always be prudently and anxiously appraised by the lower
courts, the courts must in turn judiciously and unerringly bear in mind that
these general precepts are not immutable. The district judge was unfortunately
in error when he chose to adopt a Procrustean approach in sentencing the
Appellant. Sentencing considerations mandate that the sentence should always
fit the crime. Adequate consideration was not given in this case to the
relevant mitigating factors. The incident in question was to all intents and
purposes a one-off episode unlike the other known prosecutions in the Laroussi
cluster of cases. I would also suggest, for the future, that if the
Prosecution intends to press for a particularly deterrent sentence in relation
to a consumption offence, it should adduce evidence either through the
Statement of Facts or otherwise of the circumstances pertaining to the act of
consumption. _PP v Simmonds Nigel Bruce_ is a helpful illustration. The
Statement of Facts in that case makes it abundantly clear that he was a
confirmed drug addict. Such persons should receive more severe sentences.
While such persons are in literal terms first time offenders in the sense that
they are facing the music for the first time, serious consideration ought to
be given to whether they should receive a sentence outside the general tariff.
If there is indeed _convincing evidence_ of repeated drug abuse and a history
of flagrant disregard of the MDA, then it may only be appropriate that such
offenders receive their just dessert in the form of enhanced sentences. In so
far as such offenders are concerned, one might even say cogently, that the
‘first-time offender’ label is a legal misnomer. I realised that this is a
distinction that the lower courts have not always properly appraised or
responded to.

61 I conclude by observing that the Appellant is a highly intelligent young
man who can still look forward to a bright future ahead of him. This is not a
permanent setback. Once he has paid his dues there is no reason why this
unhappy episode should continue to haunt him. Indeed, it is my hope that out
of adversity may come renewed strength and wisdom. It is apposite to refer at
this juncture and in this context to a _dictum_ of Lawton LJ in the seminal
decision of _R v Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74. He observed astutely at 77:

This young man has had a custodial sentence. Despite his good character,
despite the excellent background from which he comes, very deservedly he has
had the humiliation of hearing prison gates closing behind him. _We take the
view that for men of good character the very fact that prison gates have
closed is the main punishment. It does not necessarily follow that they should
remain closed for a long time._ [emphasis added]

62 Finally, I would like to express my appreciation to counsel for their
assistance in this matter. I found their arguments helpful even though in the
final analysis not all of them resonated with me.

Appeal on sentence allowed. Sentence varied to eight months’ imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Apr 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

