Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kaufman, Gregory Laurence and Others v Datacraft Asia Ltd and Another  
[2005] SGHC 174

Case Number | : | OS 179/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sean Tan and Corinne Taylor (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Cavinder Bull and Johanna Tan (Drew and Napier LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Kaufman, Gregory Laurence; Kaufman, Gregory Laurence Trust; Robert Henry Leslie; Lisboa Ltd — Datacraft Asia Ltd; Datacraft Asia Investments BV   
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Expert witness – Whether evidence of expert witness
having connection with parties to proceedings or having interest in outcome
admissible – Whether conflicting opinions should be rejected where potential
conflict of interest existing  
  
Trusts – Breach of trust – Whether entrustment relationship created by
agreement between parties – Whether breach of fiduciary duty arising from
entrustment relationship  
  

22 September 2005  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 The first plaintiff, Mr Kaufman, and the third plaintiff, Mr Leslie, at
various points in time were directors and employees of a company incorporated
in Japan known as Datacraft Japan, Inc (“DC Japan”). The second and fourth
plaintiffs are their respective trust companies through which they hold shares
in DC Japan. DC Japan is a subsidiary of the second defendant, Datacraft Asia
Investments BV, which in turn is owned by the first defendant, Datacraft Asia
Ltd (“DCA”). DCA is the parent company in the Datacraft group of companies and
is listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Singapore. Throughout the
trial of this action, numerous references were made to Datacraft and such
references were taken to mean the Datacraft group of companies, which included
DCA, the second defendants, and DC Japan.

2 This dispute centres on the interpretation of an agreement entered into by
the plaintiffs and the defendants and dated 29 January 2002. This agreement,
referred to as “the Letter Agreement” by all the parties, is governed by the
laws of Japan. The plaintiffs claim that they are entitled, by reason of the
provisions of the Letter Agreement, to be given certain information and
documents by the defendants. They also want an order for an account of what is
due to them by reason of the provisions of the Letter Agreement.

**Background**

3 The Datacraft group is in the business of building and maintaining computer
networks and providing computer solutions. On 28 July 1999, the defendants
acquired 75% of the share capital of Netwave, Inc (“Netwave”), a company
incorporated in Japan that also carried on the business of building computer
networks. The vendors of the Netwave shares were Otsuka Shokai Co Ltd
(“Otsuka”), Yoshimoto Uemura and Nobuyuki Amano. These persons were
subsequently collectively referred to in the Letter Agreement as the
“Potential Defendants” and that term was used for them throughout these
proceedings as well.

4 PTS Co Ltd (“PTS”) was a company incorporated in Japan carrying on the same
business as Netwave and the Datacraft group. On 14 December 1999, the
defendants acquired 75% of the share capital of PTS from its then shareholders
who included the second and fourth plaintiffs.

5 Sometime in 2000, the defendants decided to merge PTS into Netwave. The
defendants owned 75% of PTS and 75% of Netwave and thus would own 75% of the
merged entity. The defendants appointed an accounting firm, Deloitte Touche
Tomatsu, Japan (“Deloitte”) to conduct valuations of PTS and Netwave in order
to provide the basis on which the merger could take place. Deloitte’s
valuations would determine the distribution of the remaining 25% equity in the
merged entity between the minority shareholders of Netwave and PTS, but would
not affect the defendants’ shareholding in any way.

6 Deloitte’s valuations resulted in a 6:1 ratio in favour of Netwave. The
minority shareholders of PTS thus received one-seventh of the remaining 25% of
the merged entity. Netwave was then renamed and became DC Japan. On 1 April
2001, DC Japan was merged with PTS and PTS was dissolved. DC Japan took over
all of PTS’s assets and liabilities, including all ex-employees. Mr Kaufman
and Mr Leslie became employees of DC Japan.

7 Sometime in October 2001, Mr Leslie overheard some former Netwave employees
talking about “commissions” that were still being paid by Otsuka to DC Japan.
This struck Mr Leslie as odd as he was not aware of any transaction between
Otsuka and DC Japan that would involve any payment being made by Otsuka. Mr
Leslie was then the Director of Business Systems in DC Japan and had access to
the entire database of DC Japan. He began to conduct investigations.

8 Mr Leslie uncovered what appeared to him to be compelling evidence that
indicated that Otsuka and Netwave had entered into three sham contracts signed
on or about 1 July 1999, prior to the defendants’ acquisition of the 75% stake
in Netwave. Pursuant to those contracts, various payments were made to
Netwave. At the time Mr Leslie discovered the evidence, about ¥450m had been
paid and there was a further ¥90m to be paid.

9 Mr Leslie discussed his findings with Mr Kaufman. It occurred to them that
the effect of the three sham contracts was to inflate the value of Netwave.
Otsuka had at that time been seeking a public listing of its shares on the
main board of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. An increased value would have made
Netwave more attractive to the investing public. There were two other effects
of the sham contracts: first, DCA would have overpaid the vendors for the 75%
stake in Netwave, and second, the 6:1 ratio used for the merger between
Netwave and PTS would have been inaccurate.

10 Mr Leslie then arranged to meet with Mr Ron Cattell in Singapore. Mr
Cattell was then the chief executive officer of DCA as well as the chairman of
the board of directors of DC Japan. The meeting took place on 7 December 2001.
There are slightly differing accounts of what occurred at that meeting.

11 According to Mr Leslie, he informed Mr Cattell briefly about what he had
uncovered and thereafter handed to Mr Cattell a letter that had been drafted
by the plaintiffs’ lawyers in Japan, Squire, Sanders & Dempsey LLP (“Squire
Sanders”). The letter provided for mutual co-operation and the gathering and
sharing of information between the plaintiffs and the defendants, and the
joint prosecution of a claim against the Potential Defendants. It also
provided for a split of any recovery received from the Potential Defendants
between the defendants and the plaintiffs in the ratio of 70:30 with the
defendants receiving 70% thereof. Mr Leslie told Mr Cattell that he would not
divulge further information until and unless the said letter was signed. Mr
Cattell read the letter, but informed Mr Leslie that he could not sign it
there and then. Mr Cattell did, however, tell Mr Leslie that he could agree in
principle to the 70:30 split of recoveries. Mr Cattell informed Mr Leslie that
Mr John Bennetts, the defendants’ solicitor, would be contacting Mr Leslie to
follow-up on the matter.

12 According to Mr Cattell, Mr Leslie had showed him one piece of evidence to
support Mr Leslie’s assertion of the sham transactions between Netwave and
Otsuka. Mr Leslie said that the evidence he had was valuable to the defendants
because the defendants would be able to use it to seek compensation from the
vendors in respect of the inflation of the value of Netwave. Mr Leslie said
that he would share this evidence only if the defendants agreed to share the
proceeds of any eventual settlement with himself and Mr Kaufman. Mr Cattell
told Mr Leslie that as an employee of the Datacraft group, he was obliged to
hand over such evidence in any case. Mr Leslie’s response was that he and Mr
Kaufman were not acting as employees of DC Japan but as parties to the sale of
PTS to the defendants and the agreement to merge PTS and Netwave, and
therefore they had a personal interest. Mr Cattell confirmed that he had told
Mr Leslie that if the defendants decided to pursue the case, they would give
Mr Leslie and Mr Kaufman 30% of the compensation they eventually received.

13 Immediately after his meeting with Mr Cattell, Mr Leslie met with Mr Koh
See Heong who was then the chief operating officer of DCA and the acting
president of DC Japan. Mr Koh was Mr Leslie’s direct superior in DC Japan. Mr
Leslie testified that he told Mr Koh exactly what he had told Mr Cattell.

14 Thereafter, there were negotiations between the defendants represented by
Mr Bennetts and their Japanese lawyers, Freshfields Law Office
(“Freshfields”), and the plaintiffs represented by Squire Sanders and Mr
Leslie on the terms of the Letter Agreement. Prior to the signing of the
Letter Agreement, the plaintiffs released the evidence they had uncovered to
the defendants in two tranches, on or about 17 January 2002 and on or about 30
January 2002. In January 2002, there was also some investigation done on
behalf of the defendants by PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”). Mr Leslie himself
continued to conduct further investigations that month.

15 The Letter Agreement was eventually signed by the defendants on 25 February
2002 but was dated 29 January 2002. Mr Leslie and Mr Kaufman also signed a
consultancy agreement along with the Letter Agreement. The Letter Agreement
provided, _inter alia_ , for the defendants to pay the plaintiffs a total of
30% of any sum recovered from the Potential Defendants. There was no provision
for the plaintiffs to pay the defendants any part of any sum that the
plaintiffs recovered from the Potential Defendants.

16 On 12 June 2002, the plaintiffs discovered that the defendants had reached
a settlement with the Potential Defendants. They asked the defendants for
details of this settlement but were not given the same. On 2 August 2002, the
plaintiffs received a letter from DCA informing the plaintiffs of the amount
that they were entitled to pursuant to the terms of the Letter Agreement. DCA
stated that this payment was in full and final performance of their
obligations under cl 4 of the Letter Agreement. The plaintiffs were
dissatisfied with the brevity of the breakdown given by DCA as to what the
plaintiffs were entitled to and asked for details of the settlement. DCA
refused to provide any details on the basis that there was a confidentiality
clause in the settlement agreement that the defendants had signed with the
Potential Defendants. The plaintiffs therefore commenced this action asking
for the disclosure of information and documents relating to the settlement.

**The Letter Agreement**

17 The relevant provisions of the Letter Agreement are as follows:

Dear Ron,

This is to follow up on our earlier discussions regarding certain potential
claims in relation to Netwave, Inc. and successor Datacraft Japan K.K.,
against Otsuka Shokai, Yoshimoto Uemura and Nobuyuki Amano (the “Potential
Defendants”), by Datacraft Asia Investments B.V. or Datacraft Asia Ltd. (the
“Datacraft Entities”), Lisboa Ltd., and the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust. Greg and
I believe that it is necessary to reconfirm in writing, following the meeting
with John Bennetts and the Squire Sanders lawyers on January 17th, 2002, our
collective understanding regarding the manner in which we will cooperate with
each other and any recovery or compensation would be split.

The signatories confirm by signing below that:

1\. To the extent that the Datacraft Entities choose to seek compensation of
any form in connection with the foregoing claims, the Datacraft Entities may
elect to do so by themselves, or (i) the Datacraft Entities and (ii) Greg
Kaufman (“Greg”), Robert Leslie (“Robert”), Lisboa Ltd or the Gregory L.
Kaufman Trust may each in his or its own discretion elect to settle his or its
claims jointly with the other parties hereto, but shall have no obligation to
do so.

2\. The Datacraft Entities, Lisboa Ltd., the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust, Greg
and Robert shall, to the extent reasonably and legally possible, coordinate
with and fully cooperate in collecting, sharing and disclosing information,
prosecuting, settling or directly or indirectly resolving the claims.

3\. …

4\. Any settlement, judgment, proceeds or benefits directly or indirectly
collected or realized by any of the Datacraft Entities, or their respective
affiliates from any of the Potential Defendants, or any savings that any of
the Datacraft Entities, or their respective affiliates realize, which directly
or indirectly relate to the claims referenced above, shall be shared by and
split as follows (after the deduction of costs and expenses of the Designated
Legal Counsel (as defined below)): 70% going to Datacraft Asia Investments
B.V. or its designee, and 15% going to each of the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust
and Lisboa Ltd. (for a total of 30%, as also provided in the consultancy
agreement between Greg, the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust, Robert, Lisboa Ltd and
the Datacraft Entities, which shall be executed concurrently with this letter
agreement in the form attached hereto. For the purposes of paragraph 2 of the
consultancy agreement, the amount to be agreed in writing and to be paid to
Robert and Greg shall be the 30% share determined in accordance with this
paragraph 4). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the consultancy agreement
is intended to enable Greg, the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust, Robert or Lisboa Ltd
to claim any additional payments other than those set forth in this Letter
Agreement, or to reduce or limit the payments to them set forth in this Letter
Agreement. … Datacraft shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that any non-cash-payment (if any) is finally confirmed and legally binding as
soon as possible and shall make payment of the 30% share to the Gregory L.
Kaufman Trust and Lisboa Ltd. within 14 days of the date such non-cash-payment
(if any) is finally received, confirmed and legally binding. Our collective,
future reasonable costs of legal counsel and experts and other reasonable
expenses incurred in connection with the pursuit of the foregoing claims, from
the date hereof until the cessation of action or settlement or compromise of
claims by the Datacraft Entities shall be borne as follows:

(a) if recovery exceeds the costs and expenses of the Designated Legal Counsel
(as defined below), then such costs and expenses will be deducted before the
remainder of the recovery is spilt 70/30 (as described above), provided that
the first US$50,000 (to the extent available) before the remainder of the
recovery is split 70/30 shall be paid to Lisboa Ltd and the Gregory L. Kaufman
Trust as compensation for any legal costs incurred up to the date of this
letter; and

(b) if recovery does not exceed the costs and expenses of the Designated Legal
Counsel, then following the payment of such costs and expenses from the
recovery, the excess costs and expenses of the Designated Legal Counsel above
the recovery amount shall be borne 70/30 (with the Datacraft Entities paying
70% of the Designated Legal Counsel’s costs and with Lisboa Ltd. and the
Gregory L. Kaufman Trust paying 30% of the Designated Legal Counsel’s costs).

5\. …

6\. The Datacraft Entities shall have the sole right to decide whether to
proceed with, and to control the manner of resolving, litigating or
compromising, their claims against the Potential Defendants described herein.
Each of Lisboa Ltd., the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust, Greg and Robert shall have
the sole right to decide whether to proceed with, and to control the manner of
resolving, litigating or compromising, their respective claims against the
Potential Defendants described herein, provided that they shall refrain from
engaging in any correspondence with the Potential Defendants in relation to
their claims, making demand upon the Potential Defendants, filing suit or
otherwise initiating such claims (except in response to such demand or
litigation by the Potential Defendants), until the sooner of October 1, 2003
or the date that the Datacraft Entities have finally resolved their above-
referenced claims against the Potential Defendants.

7\. In the event that the Datacraft Entities elect to cease pursuing their
claims against the Potential Defendants, the Datacraft Entities shall, to the
extent reasonably possible and permitted by law, cooperate fully and provide
to the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust and Lisboa Ltd. all information available to
them, or reasonably requested by the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust or Lisboa Ltd.,
relating to any claims against the Potential Defendants. The Datacraft
Entities shall not be responsible for any legal fees or expenses incurred
after the date of cessation of action by the Datacraft Entities or the
settlement or compromise of any claim by the Datacraft Entities.

8\. …

9\. This letter agreement shall be subject to and be governed by the laws of
Japan.

18 The consultancy agreement, a draft of which was annexed to the Letter
Agreement, and the original of which was duly signed by Mr Leslie and Mr
Kaufman, reads as follows:

Dear Greg and Robert

We wish to confirm the following in respect of the appointment of yourselves,
the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust and Lisboa Ltd. as consultants to Datacraft Asia
Investments B.V. and Datacraft Asia Ltd (the “Datacraft Entities”) in relation
to matters in connection with the acquisition of shares in the company
Netwave, Inc which has been merged into Datacraft Japan K.K:

1\. Gregory Kaufman, Robert Leslie, The Gregory L. Kaufman Trust and Lisboa
Ltd (the _Consultants_) shall provide various consultancy services in respect
of Netwave, Inc. and its successor Datacraft Japan K.K. as agreed in writing
between the Datacraft Entities and the Consultants.

2\. In consideration of the provision of these consultancy services, the
Datacraft Entities agree to pay the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust and Lisboa Ltd an
amount agreed in writing between the Datacraft Entities and the Consultants.
Prior to the payment of such agreed amount, the Gregory L. Kaufman Trust and
Lisboa Ltd will enter into a formal agreement with respect to such consultancy
services, which shall be identical to this agreement except that the exact
amount of compensation shall be specified.

…

Kind regards

Ron Cattell

**The pleadings**

19 The plaintiffs commenced this action by way of an originating summons filed
on 12 February 2004. Subsequently, the court ordered that pleadings should be
filed and that the action should proceed in the same way as if it had been
started by way of writ. The plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim was filed in
September 2004. After setting out the background facts, the plaintiffs recited
the following material terms of the Letter Agreement, to wit, cll 9, 2, 4, 6
and 7. The plaintiffs then set out in paras 19 and 20 of the Statement of
Claim what they averred were the legal consequences of the conclusion of the
Letter Agreement. These paragraphs read:

19\. The Plaintiffs aver that by virtue of the provision cited in paragraph 15
to 18 herein, by virtue of the laws of Japan, an agreement of entrustment or
(“Inin” in Japanese) is created between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants
resulting in the creation of a fiduciary relationship between the Plaintiffs
and the Defendants as regards the co-ordination, collection and sharing of
information and the prosecution and resolution of each parties’ [_sic_] claims
against, _inter alia_ , the Potential Defendants.

 _PARTICULARS_

Articles 643 to 656 of the Civil Code of Japan.

20\. By reason of the fiduciary relationship averred in paragraph 19 herein,
the Defendants are:

(a) required to fully co-operate in collecting with the Plaintiffs, sharing
and disclosing information relating to their claim against, _inter alia_ , the
Potential Defendants; and

(b) required to fully co-operate and co-ordinate with the Plaintiffs in the
prosecution, settlement or resolution of their claim against, inter alia, the
Potential Defendants;

(c) prohibited from entering into a settlement with, inter alia, the Potential
Defendants without providing details on the terms of the settlement;

(d) prohibited from entering into a settlement with the Potential Defendants
that provides that the terms of the settlement and the information that the
Defendants were required to disclose under the Agreement could not be
disclosed to the Plaintiffs or any other party, without the Plaintiffs’ prior
consent; and

(e) [to] provide a full and detailed account of the payments that the
Defendants received from, inter alia, the Potential Defendants under any
settlement between them.

22\. In the further alternative, the Plaintiffs aver that … by virtue of
Japanese law, the expressions “legally possible” and “permitted by law” found
in clauses 2 and 7 of the Agreement respectively refers [_sic_] to the
codified laws of Japan.

20 In paras 23 to 26 of the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs recounted their
efforts to obtain further information from the defendants about the settlement
agreement the latter had concluded with the Potential Defendants. They also
set out the contents of Freshfields’ letter of 2 May 2003 which contained the
reasons why the defendants had refused to comply with the plaintiffs’ requests
for further information. The plaintiffs averred that the position taken by the
defendants was a breach of the defendants’ obligations recited in para 20 of
the Statement of Claim.

21 The plaintiffs then went on to make claims for:

(a) an order that there be disclosure by the defendants within seven days of
the making of the order of the documents and information within their
possession, custody, knowledge or control set out in the Schedule annexed to
the Statement of Claim;

(b) an order for an account of what was due to the plaintiffs from the
defendants in respect of the monetary and non-monetary compensation received
by the defendants under the settlement;

(c) an order for payment by the defendants to the plaintiffs of such sums
found due to the plaintiffs in accordance with cl 4 of the Letter of Agreement
upon the taking of such account;

(d) all further proper accounts, inquiries and directions as the court deemed
necessary;

(e) interest on such amount, at such rate and for such period as the court
deemed fit; and

(f) costs.

22 The Defence was filed on 5 October 2004. By para 11, the defendants
asserted that the plaintiffs had refused to give them the evidence and
information in their possession relating to the allegedly sham transactions
unless the defendants agreed to pay the plaintiffs a portion of any settlement
that the defendants might receive from the Potential Defendants. In para 12,
the defendants stated that they had no option but to agree to the plaintiffs’
conditions and in the premises and/or on grounds of public policy, the Letter
Agreement was unenforceable. Subsequently, by way of further and better
particulars, the defendants elaborated that they were relying on public policy
grounds under both Singapore and Japanese law.

23 By para 16, the defendants denied paras 19 and 20 of the Statement of
Claim. They said that no agreement of entrustment had been created by the
plaintiffs and the defendants by the terms of the Letter Agreement or
otherwise. It was never the intention of the parties that the defendants
should negotiate or pursue claims against the Potential Defendants on behalf
of the plaintiffs. By para 17, the defendants said that the plaintiffs did not
delegate to them any work or task by the Letter Agreement and the defendants
did not accept any delegation by the plaintiffs of any work or task. In the
alternative, the defendants pleaded by para 18 that even if a relationship of
entrustment existed between the parties, any obligation to provide information
or an account was limited by the confidentiality obligation contained in the
settlement agreement with the Potential Defendants and such obligation was
within the contemplation of the parties at the time the Letter Agreement was
executed. The defendants further averred that the obligation to co-operate and
provide information to the plaintiffs granted by cl 7 of the Letter Agreement
was applicable only in the situation that the defendants elected to cease to
pursue their claims against the Potential Defendants. This situation had not
occurred since the defendants had pursued their claims against the Potential
Defendants to a successful conclusion by way of a settlement.

24 The defendants also relied on Japanese law. They pleaded that under
Japanese law, the plaintiffs were not entitled to some of the remedies
claimed. They also contended that under Japanese law, if a party did not
exercise his rights in accordance with the principles of good faith and fair
dealing, the courts had a discretion to refuse to grant him the remedy that he
sought. The defendants pleaded that the plaintiffs had failed to act with good
faith and fairness. Whilst various particulars of this allegation were given,
the defendants relied chiefly on an alleged failure by Mr Leslie and Mr
Kaufman to act in accordance with their duties of good faith and/or fidelity
to their employer, DC Japan.

25 The issues that arise from the pleadings are, therefore, the following:

(a) whether, by the Letter Agreement, an agreement of entrustment was created
between the plaintiffs and the defendants;

(b) if an entrustment was created, whether the Letter Agreement nevertheless
provided:

(i) that the defendants would not be obliged to provide information to the
plaintiffs if they had settled their claim with the Potential Defendants; or

(ii) that the defendants were entitled not to provide information if by doing
so they would run afoul of a confidentiality clause in their settlement
agreement;

(c) whether the plaintiffs are entitled to the remedies sought; and

(d) whether the Letter Agreement is in any event unenforceable as being
contrary to Singapore or Japanese public policy.

**Did the Letter Agreement create an entrustment?**

**_Treatment of the expert evidence_**

26 In order to deal with the first issue, I have to determine the true meaning
and effect of the Letter Agreement. This document has to be construed in
accordance with Japanese law. Since this court is not a Japanese court, what
the relevant Japanese law is has to be determined as a matter of fact. Thus,
both parties called Japanese lawyers to testify on the relevant law. The
plaintiffs’ expert was Mr Shinichiro Abe, a partner in the law firm of Bingham
McCutchen LLP whilst the defendants’ expert was Mr Kazuki Okada, a partner of
Freshfields. Whilst there were some areas on which they agreed, the experts
differed substantially on the construction of the Letter Agreement. In their
closing submissions, the plaintiffs devoted some time to the argument that the
evidence of Mr Okada had to be given less weight than that of Mr Abe. The
weight to be given to Mr Okada’s evidence must therefore be dealt with first
before I go on to consider the meaning of the Letter Agreement.

27 When the plaintiffs were given notice that Mr Okada would be called as the
defendants’ expert witness, they filed a notice of objections to his affidavit
based on their assertion that Mr Okada did not appear to be independent and,
in fact, could not be independent. On the first day of the trial, they
submitted that Mr Okada should not be allowed to testify as he was in a
position of conflict of interests for the following reasons:

(a) Mr Okada was a partner of Freshfields and had been a partner since 1999;

(b) Freshfields had advised the defendants and had been involved in the
negotiations on the wording of the Letter Agreement;

(c) Freshfields had assisted the defendants in the evaluation of the evidence
received from the plaintiffs in relation to the sham transactions between
Otsuka and Netwave;

(d) Freshfields had been engaged by the defendants to assist in the drafting
of the settlement agreement with the Potential Defendants; and

(e) prior to the commencement of this action, Freshfields had responded to the
plaintiffs’ solicitors and had taken a position on the meaning and effect on
some of the clauses in the Letter Agreement and these were the very same
clauses that Mr Okada was required to give his opinion on.

I ruled that Mr Okada’s evidence was admissible but that the weight to be
attributed to his evidence could be dealt with in the closing submissions.

28 The plaintiffs submitted that Mr Okada’s testimony should be given very
insignificant weight. They pointed out that while on the witness stand, he had
admitted that Freshfields had represented the defendants in the negotiation
and drafting of the Letter Agreement and of the settlement agreement with the
Potential Defendants. He confirmed that he was aware that the interpretation
of clauses in both these documents would be in issue in the trial of this
action. Mr Okada had agreed that Freshfields had an ongoing business relation
with the defendants and that he himself had done work for DC Japan. He agreed
too that Freshfields had taken a position on whether cl 7 of the Letter
Agreement obliged the defendants to disclose the settlement agreement to the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs also submitted that Mr Okada did not understand the
concept of conflict of interest. This was because he did not agree that there
was a conflict of interest between his position as a partner of Freshfields, a
firm that might be sued by the defendants if the firm had given the latter
wrong advice, and his position as an expert with a duty to assist the court
irrespective of anything else. The plaintiffs’ argument was that Mr Okada had
been placed in a position of conflict of interests by the fact that
Freshfields had taken an earlier position on the scope and effect of some of
the clauses of the Letter Agreement. If Mr Okada blindly agreed to support
Freshfields’ earlier view, although holding a different view himself, he would
not be discharging his duty to the court to give an impartial view. On the
other hand, if Mr Okada offered a view that was contrary to that espoused by
Freshfields, he would be exposing Freshfields to a potential claim for
negligence. Therefore, they reasoned, the true reason why Mr Okada came
forward to give evidence as an expert witness for the defendants was so that
he could ensure that his position would be consistent with that taken by
Freshfields previously.

29 The defendants disagreed with the plaintiffs’ analysis. Freshfields had
taken the position in correspondence with the plaintiffs’ present solicitors
that there was no obligation to disclose information to the plaintiffs. The
defendants said that even if this position had turned out to be wrong, the
defendants would not have suffered any loss. The issue was merely the release
of documents. To the extent that those documents might suggest that more would
have to be paid to the plaintiffs under the provision for a 30% share, that
would be a consequence of the Letter Agreement, and not a result of
Freshfields’ letter or its advice that the defendants take such a position.
Further, there was no evidence of what Freshfields had advised in respect of
the drafting of the Letter Agreement itself. Even if the Letter Agreement was
supposed to prevent the disclosure of documents and Freshfields failed to
achieve that, again there would be no real financial loss to the defendants
because it would just be a matter of documents and those documents could just
as well have been obtained by pre-action discovery in Singapore. Therefore,
the suggestion that Freshfields might be sued was unwarranted. There was
nothing that the defendants could sue Freshfields for because even if their
advice was wrong, there was no loss.

30 The defendants submitted that the above argument disposed of the
plaintiffs’ contention that Mr Okada lacked independence. There was no
interest which Mr Okada needed to protect. Moreover, Freshfields had liability
insurance. What was more important was the reputation of Mr Okada in
Freshfields. It was wrong of the plaintiffs to suggest that Mr Okada would be
willing to lie on the stand to protect the name of Freshfields. In fact,
matters were the other way round. When Mr Okada was approached to testify as
an expert witness, he became aware of Freshfields’ letter of 2 May 2003 (see
[20] above). He then researched the law. If he had found that the law was
otherwise, he would certainly not have put his personal reputation at risk by
taking a contrary position in open court. After all, Mr Okada was not
previously involved in the matter and he was not the lawyer advising the
defendants on the Letter Agreement or its aftermath. That argument applied
equally to Freshfields. There was absolutely no reason to risk Freshfields’
reputation in open court if Mr Okada did not believe wholeheartedly in the
position he testified to at trial.

31 The plaintiffs relied on the cases of _Field v Leeds City Council_ [2001]
17 EG 165 (“ _Field_ ”) and _Armchair Passenger Transport Limited v Helical
Bar Plc_ [2003] EWHC 367 (“ _Helical Bar_ ”) for the proposition that where an
expert witness has a connection with one of the parties or otherwise has an
interest in the outcome of the proceedings, then, although such interest does
not automatically render his evidence inadmissible, the interest may
nevertheless affect the weight of the evidence. They also cited _In Re
Continental Assurance Company of London plc_ [2001] BPIR 733 (“ _Continental
Assurance_ ”) where the liquidators of C Ltd, an insurance company, brought an
action against the former directors alleging that they were guilty of
professional wrongdoing. Mr Gill, a member of the liquidators’ professional
team, was called as expert witness to give evidence on the quantum of loss due
to the wrongful trades. The court held, after hearing the evidence, that Mr
Gill did not have the independence to be acceptable as an expert witness. The
judge observed that Mr Gill had been a permanent and a very important member
of the liquidators’ professional team. Throughout the trial, he sat in front
of counsel for the liquidators and there was regular passing of notes between
them and many whispered consultations. The judge, Park J, went so far to state
that he imagined that outside court hours, counsel and Mr Gill were frequently
in conference together, discussing the progress of the case and considering
future lines of argument and evidence. The judge went on to hold that Mr
Gill’s involvement as a committed member of the professional team, the purpose
of which was that the claims against the directors should succeed, meant that
Mr Gill was not a suitable person to be an expert witness. The judge
considered that Mr Gill would have been superhuman if he could have approached
the task of making the quantum calculations without being influenced by what
he was convinced the outcome of them must have been. Whilst the judge did not
think that Mr Gill was deliberately partisan, he considered that in the
circumstances, it was wholly unrealistic to expect that Mr Gill could have
avoided being partisan. The judge concluded that he could not accept Mr Gill’s
evidence as establishing any case for the liquidators on quantum.

32 I have no quarrel with the propositions established by _Field_ and _Helical
Bar_. In fact, they were the basis on which I decided to admit Mr Okada’s
evidence and they now form the basis on which I am considering the weight to
be accorded to such evidence. As far as _Continental Assurance_ is concerned,
the facts in that case wholly justified, with respect, the decision reached
but, as Mr Bull, counsel for the defendants, submitted, that situation is far
removed from the one before me. In that case, the essential problem was Mr
Gill’s identification with the liquidators, the plaintiffs in the case. Where
an expert witness is like a client, giving instructions to lawyers and in the
position of an “officer holder” in an insolvency situation, then he cannot be
an independent witness. Mr Gill was working full-time as part of the
liquidators’ team and was giving instructions to counsel. Thus, he could not
have been independent.

33 In the present case, Mr Okada was not a member of the team that was
defending the defendants. He did not give instructions to counsel and his role
was isolated to the giving of an expert opinion. On the other hand, whilst Mr
Okada’s independence cannot be impugned, I cannot dismiss the possibility of a
conflict of interest entirely. The defendants might say that there is no
question of a suit by them against Freshfields should they lose this case
because the case is only about documents, but that is not the whole picture.
The defendants must have incurred substantial costs in defending this action
and, if they lose it, they will have to pay the plaintiffs’ costs as well. If
that situation arises and the defendants judge that the advice given to them
on the interpretation of the Letter Agreement caused them to defend the case
and unnecessarily incur costs, they might then consider whether they may be
able to recover those costs by taking action against Freshfields. This may be
a remote possibility but it is a distinct one. Whilst this potential conflict
of interest is not sufficient for me to rule out Mr Okada’s evidence entirely,
bearing in mind that he does have the requisite expertise, it does mean that I
should scrutinise his evidence with care where it conflicts with that of Mr
Abe and should accept such conflicting opinions only where I find them to be
reasonable, measured and backed by authority or where Mr Abe’s contrary
opinion was clearly unsound or had not been properly arrived at after
consideration of all relevant factors. In reaching this conclusion, I should
state that I do not mean to criticise Mr Okada in any way or to suggest that
he would consciously give biased evidence. I am sure that Mr Okada believed
fully in the opinions that he expressed in my court.

**_Principles of Japanese law_**

_Interpretation of contracts_

34 The parties agree that the task of construing a written contract is
performed very differently by a Japanese court from the way it would be done
by a Singapore court. Whilst a court applying Singapore law would have regard
only to the language of the contract in order to ascertain what it meant and,
objectively, what the parties intended it to mean, a Japanese court is
entitled to consider not only the form and language of the contract but also
the testimony of the parties as to what their intentions were when they
entered into the contract and what they intended its language should mean. In
interpreting a written contract, therefore, the Japanese court is not limited
to the four corners of the document but is able to rely on the parol evidence
of the witnesses as to their negotiations and intentions and come to a
conclusion based on a full appreciation of the factual matrix. Secondly, the
court has to look at the terms of the whole agreement. There is no dispute
that under Japanese law, the interpretation of a contract should be done with
a consideration of the entire agreement and not by considering clauses in
isolation. The various terms should also be read harmoniously. As the Letter
Agreement is governed by Japanese law, the parties accept that, in construing
it, I can act as a Japanese court would.

**_Elements of an entrustment_**

35 Articles 643 to 656 of the Civil Code of Japan (“the Code”), which appear
in s 10 of the Code under the heading “Mandate”, set out the rights and
obligations under the concept of entrustment or “ _I-nin_ ”. It appears from
the evidence of both expert witnesses that an entrustment is akin to a trust.
The plaintiffs alleged that an entrustment creates fiduciary duties and this
allegation is central to their case as their action is for breach of such
fiduciary duties. As the plaintiffs are the parties seeking to enforce the
performance of the fiduciary duties, the plaintiffs have to show that they
created an entrustment relationship between them and the defendants whereby
the defendants became liable as fiduciaries to the plaintiffs.

36 Article 643 of the Code states:

A mandate [an entrustment] becomes effective when one of the parties has
commissioned the other party to do a juristic act, and the latter has
consented thereto.

Therefore, there must be two parties to an entrustment: one who commissions an
act and the second who agrees to do that act. In this case, the persons
commissioning the act would be the plaintiffs and the persons agreeing to do
the act would be the defendants. By so agreeing, the defendants would have
accepted the role of a fiduciary.

37 Article 656 of the Code states:

The provisions of this Section shall apply mutatis mutandis to commissions of
affairs other than juristic acts.

38 Turning to what must be entrusted, Mr Abe defined an entrustment as
follows:

Articles 643 through 656 of the Civil Code of Japan (“CCJ”) set forth the
rights and obligations as to “entrustment” or “I-nin.” According to Article
643, a mandate (an entrustment) “becomes effective when one of the parties has
commissioned the other party to do a juristic act, and the latter has
consented thereto.” See CCJ Article 643. Moreover, Article 656 provides that
the “provisions of this Section shall apply mutatis mutandis to commissions of
affairs other than juristic acts.” See CCJ Article 656. Accordingly, an
entrustment is created when one party (the mandator) commissions another party
(the mandatory) to manage affairs, both legal and otherwise, and the mandatory
accepts such management.

In cross-examination he was asked whose affairs would be managed by the
mandatory. He agreed that the “mandatory” must manage the affairs of the
“mandator” and not those of the mandatory himself. He agreed further that the
mandatory had to agree to do the act for the mandator and that it could be one
act or a series of acts. Mr Abe said that an entrustment would arise when he
entrusted an act to another to do on his behalf and that was why it was called
an entrustment, because the mandator entrusts an act to the mandatory. In this
case, the plaintiffs would be the mandator and the defendants the mandatory.

39 One disagreement on the law arose out of the above point. Mr Bull submitted
that in an entrustment, the mandatory is commissioned to manage the affairs of
the mandator. He considered that this was common sense as it would not make
any sense for the entrustment to arise in respect of the mandatory’s own
affairs. It would be absurd to say that an entrustment arose when A asked B to
manage B’s own affairs. On the other hand, Mr Sean Tan, acting for the
plaintiffs, submitted that essentially any act could constitute an entrustment
if one party had commissioned the other party to do that act and that act need
not be a task that the mandatory did on the mandator’s behalf. So long as the
mandatory accepted the task, the entrustment was formed. Thus, in Mr Tan’s
submission, even if A asked B to do a task that related to B’s own matters, as
long as B agreed to do that task, there would be an entrustment.

40 Looking at Mr Abe’s evidence, however, there does not seem to be support
for the proposition put forward by Mr Tan. Under cross-examination, Mr Abe
gave the following answers:

Q : 1st affidavit pg 10 para under “A. General Rule” _[Reads]._ Focusing on
“manage affairs”. This must refer to the affairs of the “mandatory”. The
“mandatory” must manage the affairs of the “mandator” not those of the
mandatory.

A : Correct.

Q : The mandatory has to agree to do the act for the mandator.

A : Correct.

Q : It can be one act or a series of acts.

A : Yes, both.

Q : So an entrustment arises when I entrust an act to another to do on my
behalf.

A : Correct.

Q : That’s why it’s called an entrustment because mandator entrusts an act to
the mandatory.

A : Yes.

Mr Abe’s testimony on this point was the same as that of Mr Okada who stated
in his second opinion that an entrustment agreement would be formed when one
party, the entrusting party, delegated _its work_ (legal or otherwise) to
another party. I should point out that in his Supplementary Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief, Mr Abe said that an entrustment need not be accompanied by
proxies and disagreed with the use of the word “delegate” by Mr Okada. Mr Tan
submitted that Mr Abe considered that the work need not be done on someone
else’s behalf. This portion of Mr Abe’s evidence, however, was not persisted
with in cross-examination and, as would be noted from the extract of the
evidence given above, at that stage, he agreed that the work had to be done on
someone else’s behalf.

41 On the basis of the evidence before me, therefore, I find that it is an
essential element of the entrustment relationship under Japanese law that the
mandatory has been commissioned or asked to manage the affairs of the mandator
in the sense that the mandatory has been asked to do a task which would
otherwise be the responsibility of the mandator to perform. In this case,
therefore, to find that the Letter Agreement constituted an entrustment so as
to make the defendants liable to meet fiduciary obligations, I must find that
the plaintiffs asked the defendants to perform a task for the plaintiffs which
the plaintiffs would otherwise have had to perform themselves.

42 The plaintiffs submitted that payment is not required to form an
entrustment. Citing Art 648 of the Code which provides that in the absence of
a special arrangement, a mandatory cannot demand remuneration from a mandator,
Mr Abe testified that that it was clear that a mandate could occur where there
was no payment of any compensation. The defendants did not disagree with this
view. Mr Okada’s opinion was that payment was a factor that favoured a finding
of entrustment. He did not, however, claim that it was an essential element of
an entrustment.

**_Were the elements of entrustment satisfied?_**

43 Mr Tan submitted that by the Letter Agreement, the plaintiffs created and
the defendants accepted four different entrustments. These were as follows:

(a) entrustment in the sharing of recovery;

(b) entrustment in the co-ordination and co-operation in collecting, sharing
and disclosing information, prosecuting, settling or resolving the claims;

(c) entrustment in the commissioning of the plaintiffs to conduct further
investigations; and

(d) entrustment in the plaintiffs agreeing to a moratorium before
corresponding with or initiating a claim against the Potential Defendants.

Of these four alleged types of entrustment, the most substantial one is the
second, which actually itself comprises two types of entrustment. The other
three can be dealt with briefly.

44 In relation to the alleged entrustment in the sharing of recovery, the
plaintiffs relied on Mr Cattell’s testimony during cross-examination that what
took place at the meeting between himself and Mr Leslie on 7 December 2001 was
that Mr Leslie approached him and asked him to share the recovery from the
Potential Defendants in a 70:30 split and Mr Cattell agreed to this proposal.
It was put to Mr Cattell that this was an agreement of entrustment but Mr
Cattell disagreed. The plaintiffs then submitted that what Mr Cattell had
confirmed was that Mr Leslie (the mandator) had commissioned Mr Cattell or the
defendants (the mandatory) to share the recovery from the Potential Defendants
in a 70:30 ratio (the act), and Mr Cattell or the defendants agreed (the
acceptance). They submitted that this was an agreement of entrustment and was
thereafter encapsulated in cl 4 of the Letter Agreement. This interpretation
was also consistent with the evidence of Mr Abe who stated in his affidavit
that by signing the Letter Agreement:

The Defendants consented to the commission of various acts to them – namely,
(i) the act of collecting, sharing and disclosing information related to the
respective claims of the parties, and (ii) the act of sharing certain
recoveries from such claims pursued by the Defendants.

Under cross-examination, Mr Abe maintained that there was an entrustment that
required the defendants to pay 30% of their recovery to the plaintiffs and
that such a payment would be something that the defendants were doing on
behalf of the plaintiffs.

45 The defendants’ response to this assertion was that the plaintiffs had not
pleaded that there was an entrustment to share the recovery from the Potential
Defendants and therefore, the plaintiffs were not entitled to make this
argument in their closing submissions. This rebuttal was well founded.
Paragraph 19 of the Statement of Claim, which is set out in [19] above, pleads
specifically that the fiduciary relationship between the plaintiffs and the
defendants concerned “the co-ordination, collection and sharing of information
and the prosecution and resolution of each party’s claims” against the
Potential Defendants. It does not mention the sharing of the moneys recovered
from the Potential Defendants. Nowhere else in the Statement of Claim do the
plaintiffs plead that there was an entrustment to share the recovery. The
plaintiffs should not therefore have made this argument in their closing
submission. In any case, for an entrustment to arise, the defendants must
agree to do something on behalf of the plaintiffs or the defendants must
manage the affairs of the plaintiffs. The payment to the plaintiffs of 30% of
the defendants’ own recovery was not something that was done on behalf of the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs’ argument is akin to saying that the defendants
were entrusted to try to achieve a settlement from the Potential Defendants so
that they could pay the plaintiffs money from what was due to the defendants
themselves. This is absurd.

46 The next alleged entrustment dealt with in the closing submissions was that
there had been an entrustment because the defendants had commissioned the
plaintiffs to conduct further investigations. This submission was based on Mr
Bennetts’ confirmation that Mr Leslie had been requested to uncover additional
evidence after the original evidence had been released to the defendants at
the end of January 2002. Mr Leslie did conduct these further investigations
and reported his findings to the defendants. Whatever the evidence, in my
judgment, the plaintiffs are not entitled to put forward this submission as
this allegation was not pleaded either. Further, as the defendants submitted,
this alleged entrustment does not make any sense. An entrustment is where A is
commissioned to do something on behalf of B. The plaintiffs’ entire case is
that the defendants had been commissioned to do something on behalf of the
plaintiffs but in relation to this assertion, their argument was that an
entrustment arose because the plaintiffs themselves had been commissioned to
do something, _ie_ , conduct investigations.

47 The third alleged entrustment that I deal with is what the plaintiffs say
was an entrustment created because the plaintiffs agreed to a moratorium
before corresponding with or initiating a claim against the Potential
Defendants. This alleged entrustment was another entrustment that was not
pleaded and therefore cannot be pursued further. In any case, there was no
allegation that there had been a breach of such an entrustment. The moratorium
did not give rise to any problems at all. Finally, again, this entrustment was
not the commissioning of the defendants to do anything on behalf of the
plaintiffs. It was simply an obligation of the plaintiffs to wait for the
defendants to resolve the latter’s claims against the Potential Defendants
before the plaintiffs started their own action.

48 I now turn to the two entrustments that were properly pleaded and, in fact,
were the foundation of the plaintiffs’ claim, the other alleged entrustments
being rather like decorations added on for effect. These entrustments
allegedly arose out of the mutual obligations set out in cl 2 of the Letter
Agreement where, it will be recalled, the parties agreed that they would, to
the extent reasonably and legally possible, co-ordinate with and fully co-
operate in collecting, sharing and disclosing information, prosecuting,
settling or directly or indirectly resolving the claims.

49 Mr Tan’s argument ran as follows. He said that there were two operative
phrases in cl 2. The first was “to the extent reasonably and legally possible”
whilst the second was “coordinate with and fully cooperate in”. Referring to
the first phrase, the plaintiffs’ position was that the words “legally
possible” referred only to the codified laws of Japan and did not apply to
matters of private autonomy. Accordingly, the defendants’ arguments, that the
obligations in cl 2 in relation to the disclosure of information were
qualified by the confidentiality obligation in the settlement agreement so
that the defendants were not obliged to comply with the cl 2 disclosure
obligations, could not be sustained. It is not necessary to deal with this
argument here. First, one must establish whether or not any entrustment arose
from the provisions of cl 2. If no such entrustment arose in relation to the
disclosure of information, then one need not worry about what it is legally
possible to disclose.

50 Moving then to the second phrase “coordinate with and fully cooperate in”,
the plaintiffs’ argument was that these words relate to six acts which can be
classified into two groups:

(a) collecting information;

(b) sharing information; and

(c) disclosing information;

and

(d) prosecuting the claims;

(e) settling the claims; or

(f) directly or indirectly resolving the claims.

The elements of entrustment were met, Mr Tan said, because cl 2 set out an
agreement between the parties to co-ordinate with each other and co-operate in
the collecting, sharing and disclosing of information. The plaintiffs had
entrusted the defendants with the task of collecting such information and the
defendants had given a similar entrustment to the plaintiffs. As far as the
element of consent or acceptance was concerned, the plaintiffs averred that
the signing of the Letter Agreement by the plaintiffs and the defendants
constituted the consent. They pointed out that Mr Okada had agreed that if
there was a commissioning of an act from the mandator to the mandatory, the
signing of the contract by the mandatory would be considered to be an
acceptance of the task.

51 Developing this argument, the plaintiffs contended that it was clear from
cl 2 of the Letter Agreement that the scope of the agreement was much wider
than the mere provision of information to the defendants for a 30% share in
the recovery from the Potential Defendants. Mr Leslie stated that the
agreement required that the parties work together to pursue their respective
claims. The plaintiffs would provide information to assist the defendants and
in return the defendants would provide information to assist the plaintiffs
and any recovery would be split. In the plaintiffs’ view, cl 2 was drafted the
way it was because it was intended to reflect mutual obligations between the
parties. Mr Abe testified that the obligations set out in cl 2 were “specific
and clear” and that in such a situation, a Japanese court would look to the
express language of the Letter Agreement to determine the meaning of the
clause rather than search for and rely on outside sources of evidence. Even if
one looked at the intentions of the parties and other documents such as the
earlier drafts of the Letter Agreement, the same result would be reached and
it would be seen that it had all along been intended for there to be mutuality
in the obligations in cl 2.

52 The defendants’ response was that cl 2 did not obviously create an
entrustment because, as the plaintiffs themselves had said, the operative
words were “coordinate” and “cooperate”. Clause 2 did not, the defendants
said, state what was required of each party in terms of co-ordination and co-
operation. It stated the areas in which co-ordination and co-operation were
required, _ie_ , the areas of:

(a) collecting, sharing and disclosing information; and

(b) prosecuting, settling or resolving claims.

Those words were not used in cl 2 as the operative words. They were used
merely to define the areas in which the parties were required to “coordinate”
and “cooperate”. Clause 2 did not state that the defendants had to disclose
all relevant information to the plaintiffs, nor did it state that the
defendants had to collect information for the plaintiffs. In the defendants’
submission, the language of cl 2 did not therefore spell out what needed to be
done and by whom. It merely made a general statement that there should be co-
operation and co-ordination in respect of gathering evidence and prosecuting
claims. Thus, said the defendants, in order to establish the intention of the
parties, it would be necessary to go beyond the words of cl 2 and look at the
terms of the whole agreement and the extrinsic facts relating to the contract.

53 Generally, I accept the defendants’ submission that the Letter Agreement
has to be looked at as a whole. It is not correct to take clauses out of the
context of an agreement and construe them in isolation. The principles of
Japanese law as regards this aspect do not differ from the principles of
Singapore law. The difference lies only in the extent to which the court may
seek help from oral evidence and other documents apart from the contract in
establishing the intentions of the parties and the extrinsic facts relating to
the contract. I therefore agree that one cannot find an entrustment to be
created by cl 2 unless it is clear from all the evidence including the
totality of the Letter Agreement that this is the effect that the parties
intended cl 2 to have.

54 The wording of cl 2 is general. Whilst it directs the parties to co-operate
and co-ordinate in the effecting of certain tasks, it does not specify exactly
what each has to do in relation to those tasks. If cl 2 is given a wide
interpretation, therefore, it would appear that it imposes mutual obligations
on the parties to deal with each other in two areas. It is therefore possible
to construe the clause as providing that each party entrusted the other to
perform tasks in relation to each of those areas.

55 If cl 2 is looked at in the context of the whole document, however, it
appears that the width of the language has to be cut down in the light of
other clauses. For example, whilst cl 2 does state that the parties shall co-
operate and co-ordinate with each other in the prosecution, settlement and
resolution of claims, this wording cannot, in the light of subsequent clauses,
be read as meaning that the parties are to prosecute, settle or resolve their
claims together, which would otherwise be a reasonable interpretation of the
wording. This is because the operation of cl 2 in this respect is limited by
the first part of cl 6 which makes it clear that each party retains the right
to settle or prosecute its own claim on its own terms. In that context,
neither party could have been said to have been commissioned to pursue the
other’s claims against the Potential Defendants. Mr Kaufman and Mr Leslie
recognised in court that there was no obligation on the defendants to include
the plaintiffs’ claims in the defendants’ negotiations. Mr Leslie conceded
that the defendants were not delegated the task of pursuing the plaintiffs’
claims. In addition, Mr Abe twice conceded that his opinion did not contain
any reason or rationale whatsoever for concluding that the plaintiffs had
commissioned the defendants to pursue the plaintiffs’ claims against the
Potential Defendants.

56 Secondly, cl 2 is not in itself clear on the extent of the parties’
responsibilities. This can be seen from the provision made by the latter part
of cl 6. There, the parties agreed that the plaintiffs would refrain from
making a claim on the Potential Defendants until the earlier of 1 October 2003
or the settlement of the defendants’ claims. This provision therefore was the
way in which the parties co-ordinated the prosecution, settlement and
resolution of their respective claims. Looking at cl 2 alone, one would not
know what agreeing to co-ordinate the claims meant, as it could have meant the
parties were agreeing to assert the claims at the same time or, equally, it
could have meant that they were agreeing to assert the claims in succession
but with no indication of which was to go first. Thus, the provisions of cl 6
explain what needed to be done to satisfy the obligation to co-ordinate. Mr
Okada was asked whether he agreed that an agreement to co-ordinate and co-
operate in the settlement of the claims could include considering the best
time to settle the claims and whether there was to be a joint settlement of
both parties’ claims. His reply, essentially, was that whilst such an
agreement could theoretically include the matters stated, in this case, to do
so might contradict the sole right which cl 6 gave to each party to settle its
own claim. This evidence reflected the Japanese law position that clauses must
be read harmoniously with each other and therefore that you cannot give to one
clause a meaning that would cause it to contradict another provision.

57 Looking at the other area covered by the agreement to co-ordinate and co-
operate, _ie_ , in the collection, sharing and disclosing of information, it
does not appear from cl 2 what this agreement actually requires. Clause 2 does
not state who is to collect the information, who is to share the information
with whom and who is to disclose the information to whom. If the words had
been left as they were and no other provision of the Letter Agreement dealt
with these obligations, I suppose they could be given the widest possible
interpretation, as the plaintiffs require. The defendants, however, submitted
that other portions of the Letter Agreement did indicate what the words
actually meant. They drew my attention to cl 4 of the Letter Agreement.

58 Clause 4 refers to a consultancy agreement which was to be executed at the
same time as the Letter Agreement. The exact form of the consultancy agreement
was attached to the Letter Agreement as a schedule. That document stated that
the plaintiffs were to provide certain consultancy services to the defendants
and that the defendants would pay for those services. As was specifically
provided in cl 4 of the Letter Agreement, the payment for the consultancy
services consisted of the 30% share in the defendants’ recovery from the
Potential Defendants that the defendants had agreed to pay the plaintiffs. The
significance of the consultancy agreement is that it shows that it was the
plaintiffs who were supposed to be providing the consultancy services and not
the defendants. Thus, it was the plaintiffs who were supposed to collect the
information, it was the plaintiffs who were supposed to share the information
with the defendants and it was the plaintiffs who were supposed to disclose
the information to the defendants. From the wording of cl 4, it is also clear
that the terms of the consultancy agreement were an integral part of the
arrangement contemplated by the Letter Agreement and that the two documents
were to be read together as disclosing the entire agreement between the
parties.

59 The Letter Agreement did not prevent the defendants from doing their own
investigations. However, if they did so investigate, that would be outside the
scope of the agreement. The agreement contemplated that one party alone would
provide services and that party was the plaintiffs. Reading the words
“collect, share and disclose” in that context, it is plain that it was the
plaintiffs (and not the defendants) who were to collect the evidence and
provide it to the defendants. The factual background, which I have recounted
and will elaborate on later, also made it apparent that it was the plaintiffs
who had the information and the defendants who needed it from them. Mr Leslie
had full access to the computer system of DC Japan and he was the one who had
first discovered the information and who was able to carry out investigations
without arousing the suspicions of the Potential Defendants. Having heard the
evidence, I have no doubt that there was not really any information that the
plaintiffs needed from the defendants in order to make their own claim against
the Potential Defendants.

60 Turning back to the legal aspect, when Mr Abe was asked about the
consultancy agreement, he agreed that if an entrustment arose, then the one
performing the services would be the mandatory and the one paying for the
services would be mandator. In the context of the consultancy agreement, since
the defendants were paying for the plaintiffs’ consultancy services, the
plaintiffs would be the mandatory and it would be the plaintiffs who owed
fiduciary duties to the defendants rather than _vice versa_. Thus, to the
extent that cl 2 created an entrustment, the provisions of cl 4 read with the
consultancy agreement show that it was not the defendants who had been
commissioned to do certain acts but the plaintiffs. Mr Leslie himself agreed
that the consultancy agreement was understood by him to authorise the
plaintiffs to do the tasks that had been outlined in cl 2 of the Letter
Agreement, but he did assert in the same answer that that concession did not
negate the mutual requirement for the defendants to do the same tasks for the
plaintiffs.

61 The plaintiffs in their closing submission asserted that the defendants’
argument was that the consultancy agreement altered the flow of the
information. They said that the consultancy agreement was never intended to
alter the flow of the information. The defendants’ response was that the
Letter Agreement, of which the consultancy agreement was an integral part,
defined the flow of information. Read as a whole, the terms of the Letter
Agreement clearly contemplated a one-way flow of information and it was the
plaintiffs who sought to alter that position by ignoring the consultancy
agreement. I accept this argument.

62 Quite apart from the objective interpretation of the document, the factual
background, as I have said above, confirms the conclusion that the contract
contemplated a one-way flow of information. It was the plaintiffs who had the
evidence of the fraud that had been perpetrated by the Potential Defendants
and it was the plaintiffs who were in a position to conduct further
investigations. In that context, it would not make sense to speak of the
defendants sharing information with the plaintiffs. Instead, it was the
plaintiffs who were supposed to collect more information and share the
additional information with the defendants. That was the intention behind cl
2.

63 It was apparent to me, as I heard the evidence unfold, that, as the
defendants submitted, the plaintiffs, having obtained evidence of the fraud,
thought hard about the best way to profit from it. When Mr Leslie first found
out about it, he did not go straight to Mr Cattell, or to his immediate
superior, Mr Koh, to disclose his suspicions and discuss the best way of
proceeding for the benefit of all parties. Instead, he (with the approval of
Mr Kaufman) spent more than a month gathering evidence and instructing the
plaintiffs’ lawyers to prepare a draft agreement. Once he had enough
information and the legal document, Mr Leslie informed Mr Cattell of the fraud
but refused to hand over the evidence unless the Letter Agreement was signed.
In his evidence-in-chief, Mr Leslie stated that he told Mr Cattell on 7
December 2001 that he would not say anything further unless Mr Cattell agreed
to sign the agreement. At the trial, he backpedalled a bit by stating he did
not say those exact words but ultimately, he conceded that he had at least
said words to that effect. He also stated in his affidavit that the one term
in the draft agreement that he highlighted to Mr Cattell at the 7 December
2001 meeting was that recovery from the Potential Defendants had to be shared
with the plaintiffs: “I asked him whether he had a problem with any of the
other terms or conditions, in particular the agreement on the percentage split
of any joint recovery.” Subsequently, in his e-mail to Mr Cattell dated 14
December 2001, Mr Leslie himself stated:

We agreed to the following:

…

2\. That in return for Lisboa and Kaufman Trust supplying all evidence and/or
knowledge available to them to DCA, that DCA agreed to pool any claim with
Lisboa and the Kaufman Trust, and that in the event any of them realizes any
payment, avoids an expense (including the remaining payments otherwise due to
the Netwave shareholders), or obtains other monetary compensation relating to
the Netwave claim, that these would be distributed 70% to DCA, 15% to Lisboa
and 15% to Kaufman Trust.

It appeared quite clearly from that e-mail that the 30% would be “in return
for Lisboa and Kaufman Trust supplying all evidence”. Mr Leslie himself
thereby indicated that this was a sale of information from the plaintiffs to
the defendants.

64 That the defendants understood that this was the intention can be gleaned
from Mr Cattell’s reply to the above e-mail. In his e-mail of 18 December
2001, Mr Cattell stated, in effect, that only one matter of substance had been
agreed: “that if [the defendants] decided to pursue a claim against the
parties mentioned as a result of information provided by yourself, we would in
principle split the proceeds 70% [the defendants] and 30% [the plaintiffs]”.
Thus, after the 7 December 2001 meeting, the parties intended that the
plaintiffs would get 30% of the defendants’ recovery from the Potential
Defendants and that was all. There was no agreement that the defendants would
take a share of the proceeds of any recovery that the plaintiffs might receive
directly from the Potential Defendants.

65 That the agreement was all about the sale of information was also
reinforced by Mr Leslie’s evidence at trial. He admitted then that he wanted
the defendants to sign the Letter Agreement before he would release the
evidence to them. He said that this was because he wanted a commitment in
writing on the agreed terms from them. Yet, when the plaintiffs released the
evidence, the Letter Agreement had not been signed. The only thing that the
plaintiffs had secured in writing at that stage was Mr Cattell’s e-mail of 18
December 2001 confirming that the plaintiffs would get 30% of any recovery
made by the defendants. It therefore appeared that it was the payment
condition that was vital to the plaintiffs and, as long as they got that
single commitment in writing, they were prepared to release the evidence.
Plainly, the plaintiffs’ overriding aim was to receive money in return for
information and in a situation like that, there could not have been an
intention to create an entrustment or fiduciary duties of any sort.

66 The plaintiffs argued that the flow of information was not intended to be
one-way because they needed the defendants’ assistance in verifying the
evidence which they had uncovered in order to determine if there was a valid
claim to be made against the Potential Defendants. They cited evidence from Mr
Bennetts under cross-examination where he agreed that the plaintiffs’ lawyers,
though confident about the strength of the evidence in the plaintiffs’ hands,
felt that it was important to obtain more evidence. He also agreed that when
the defendants went to check certain records, they found some more evidence
though he emphasised that they found very little more evidence than had been
given to them by the plaintiffs.

67 The defendants’ response to that argument was that the defendants were not
really in a position to independently verify the information given to them by
the plaintiffs. The only thing they could have done was to ask their nominee
directors on the board of DC Japan to approach the person in DC Japan who was
in charge of the database where the time sheets, e-mails and other evidence of
the fraud were kept. They could ask that employee to access the computer and
databases of the former Netwave employees and secure their evidence. But that
person in charge of the computer database in DC Japan was none other than Mr
Leslie. So there was nothing the defendants could do without Mr Leslie’s help.
Further, they pointed out that there was no evidence of any investigations by
the defendants themselves save perhaps by PWC. PWC’s investigation was,
however, limited to looking at the financial books of DC Japan and comparing
entries in those books against the available evidence provided by the
plaintiffs. As Mr Leslie admitted in court, however, he was the one who had
told PWC where to look for information, who to speak to and what to watch out
for. Thus, the defendants submitted that the efforts to continue
investigations after 7 December 2001 were conducted or directed by Mr Leslie.
That work was contemplated by the consultancy agreement and Mr Leslie was just
executing what he was paid to do.

68 On the facts of the case, I find that there was no reason for the
plaintiffs to require any assistance from the defendants in verifying the
information that they had obtained regarding the fraud. The plaintiffs through
Mr Leslie had control over the sources of the information and they were the
ones who first discovered it and realised its value. Any further evidence that
was found after 7 December 2001 was found either directly by Mr Leslie or with
his help. In any case, Mr Bennetts’ firm assertion, which was unshaken in
cross-examination, was that the plaintiffs did not need any help from the
defendants to assess and confirm that there was a valid claim against the
Potential Defendants. He maintained that at all material times, the plaintiffs
could have commenced a claim against the Potential Defendants with the
information they had and could have successfully pursued it. At the time, the
plaintiffs themselves had no doubt about this as evidenced by an e-mail sent
by their lawyer in May 2002 in which he said that Mr Leslie and Mr Kaufman
remained convinced that their claims were strong in the light of the evidence
that they had obtained over the past few months.

69 The defendants did not dispute that the Letter Agreement created a contract
between themselves and the plaintiffs. A contract _simpliciter_ does not,
under Japanese law, create an entrustment relationship between the parties to
the contract. To be an entrustment, the contract must contain the elements
that I have discussed above, _ie_ , that one party has commissioned the other
to do an act on behalf of the first party and that the second party has
consented to do that act. There must therefore be a mutual intention to create
an entrustment. The facts as I have discussed them do not bear out that such
an intention existed. Further, the plaintiffs’ expert evidence on Japanese law
did not establish that the Letter Agreement, interpreted according to Japanese
law, created an entrustment.

70 The plaintiffs had the burden of establishing that the elements of
entrustment existed in this case and that the parties intended to create the
entrustment. They called Mr Abe to establish that under Japanese law, cl 2 of
the Letter Agreement created an entrustment. Mr Abe opined that that clause
did establish “entrustment with regard to ‘collecting, sharing and disclosing
information’”. He also stated that it was clear from the document that only
the defendants would have access to information in respect of which there
would be an obligation to co-operate in the collecting, sharing and disclosing
of such information under the Letter Agreement. He said further that “it seems
clear that the parties must have contemplated that the Defendants would be
responsible for collecting and sharing information” during the period in which
the plaintiffs funded a portion of the defendants’ legal costs and “refrained
from pursuing their own collection of information from the Potential
Defendants”.

71 It is clear from the above that Mr Abe had made a fundamental mistake in
his assessment of the factual situation. It was wrong for him to say that only
the defendants would have access to the relevant information since it was the
plaintiffs who had the evidence, not the defendants. Mr Abe’s conclusion that
there was an entrustment was founded on the erroneous assumption that only the
defendants would have access to information in respect of which the parties
would be obliged to co-operate to do the matters stated in cl 2. During cross-
examination, Mr Abe conceded that if it was the plaintiffs who had the access
to information and not the defendants, then cl 2 should be read to mean that
the plaintiffs were collecting information. This admission meant that, had he
been told the facts as I have found them, Mr Abe would have opined that it was
the plaintiffs who were commissioned by the defendants to do an act and not
_vice versa_.

72 Mr Abe also supported his conclusion that there was an entrustment to the
defendants by asserting that the plaintiffs had agreed to fund a portion of
the defendants’ legal costs. This reasoning, however, is not supported by the
terms of the Letter Agreement. Clause 4 of the Letter Agreement provided that
the plaintiffs would get 30% of the defendants’ recovery net of expenses. In
the situation where recovery was so paltry that it did not even cover
expenses, the plaintiffs were to share 30% of those expenses. This was a
logical allocation of loss and not an agreement to “fund a portion of the
defendants’ legal costs”. Mr Abe was stretching a point in order to bolster
his opinion in favour of the plaintiffs’ case.

73 There is one other major difficulty that prevents me from accepting Mr
Abe’s opinion. Clause 4 of the Letter Agreement made specific reference to the
consultancy agreement. The consultancy agreement was part and parcel of the
Letter Agreement and cl 4 required it to be executed concurrently with the
Letter Agreement. Yet, it appeared from Mr Abe’s evidence in court that he had
not seen the consultancy agreement before the trial. He testified that he was
not aware that there was a draft consultancy agreement attached to the formal
Letter Agreement. He admitted that he had not asked to see a copy of the
consultancy agreement referred to in cl 4. He further admitted that the first
time he saw the consultancy agreement was when it was shown to him by Mr Bull.
As I have said, when the consultancy agreement and the Letter Agreement are
read together as a whole, it is plain that the movement of information
contemplated by the contract was from the plaintiffs to the defendants and not
in the opposite direction as well. Mr Abe’s opinion, which totally left out of
consideration such an important document, cannot therefore be considered to be
well founded. Mr Abe did not help things in court when, despite having been
shown the relevant language, he refused to accept that the payment under the
consultancy agreement was the same payment that had to be made by the
defendants under the Letter Agreement. He also then asserted that the
consultancy agreement was not signed. He had no basis to say that and had to
concede later that it had been signed.

74 Mr Abe should have asked to see the consultancy agreement after he read cl
4 of the Letter Agreement. He did not do so. Instead, he rendered his opinion
without perusing all the relevant documentation. It was also striking that
although Mr Abe read Mr Okada’s expert opinion, he did not read Appendix 2 to
that opinion. Appendix 2 contained various drafts of the Letter Agreement
which Mr Okada pointed out to explain what a Japanese court would find as the
intention of the parties. These drafts were relevant to Mr Okada’s analysis
but Mr Abe did not think it necessary to read the drafts before disagreeing
with Mr Okada.

75 In the circumstances, Mr Abe’s evidence on the nature of the Letter
Agreement is of no assistance to the plaintiffs in their effort to establish
that it was more than a simple contract and that an entrustment obligation on
the part of the defendants was thereby created.

**Conclusion**

76 The only cause of action that the plaintiffs pleaded was breach of
fiduciary duty arising from the entrustment relationship created by the Letter
Agreement. The Statement of Claim alleged in para 20 that this fiduciary
relationship imposed five specific obligations on the defendants. I have found
that there was no entrustment and thus no fiduciary relationship. The
plaintiffs have not, therefore, been able to establish that the defendants
owed them the five obligations set out in para 20 of the Statement of Claim.
No alternative cause of action was pleaded in the Statement of Claim nor was
any other cause of action advanced in their closing submissions and correctly
so, since what has not been pleaded cannot be argued. The plaintiffs have
accordingly failed to establish their case and this suit must be dismissed
with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

