Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chwee Chye and Others v P V RM Kulandayan Chettiar  
[2005] SGHC 203

Case Number | : | OS 619/2002, SIC 2341/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 October 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chew Kei-Jin and Lavinia Rajah (Tan Rajah and Cheah) for the plaintiffs; Lai Swee Fung (Unilegal LLC) for the applicant   
Parties | : |  Tan Chwee Chye; Tan Sin Eng; Ng Chek Seng — P V RM Kulandayan Chettiar   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Whether default order obtained in
proceedings commenced against deceased person valid – Whether court having
jurisdiction to order personal representative of deceased person's estate to
be made party to proceedings after default order made  
  
Land – Adverse possession – Claim for adverse possession by one co-owner
against another co-owner – Applicable principles  
  

26 October 2005 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1  This application raises a question of whether a claim for adverse
possession can be established by one co-owner against another co-owner. The
other issues are of a procedural nature. They concern the validity of a
default order obtained in proceedings commenced against a deceased person. It
is necessary to examine the procedure adopted in Originating Summons No 619 of
2002 which led to obtaining the default order.

2 The plaintiffs, Tan Chwee Chye, Tan Sin Eng and Ng Chek Seng, are the
trustees of the Singapore Chinese Weekly Entertainment Club (“the Club”). The
Club was established in 1891 and, for the most part of its existence, has
operated from its clubhouse at 76 Club Street, Singapore. The clubhouse is
built on land comprising Lot 85-1 (new format Lot 99794P) TS 3 and Lot 85-2
(new format Lot 99793V) TS 3. The Club, through various trustees, has owned
Lot 85-1 since 1898.

3 By an Order of Court dated 10 July 2002 (“the default order”), the
plaintiffs obtained by default of appearance a declaration that they had
become entitled to possession of the land comprising Lot 85-2 forming part of
76 Club Street by virtue of having been in adverse possession of the land by
themselves and their predecessors in title for a period in excess of 12 years.
Until then, the trustees of the Club and the defendant, P V RM Kulandayan
Chettiar, had been shown in the Registry of Deeds as tenants-in-common in
equal shares of Lot 85-2.

4 The applicant, K L Ramanathan (“Ramanathan”), seeks permission to intervene
in the proceedings with a view to setting aside the default order. The
defendant died on 7 January 1985 in Ipoh, Malaysia. The applicant is the
defendant’s son and sole executor of his will. The High Court in Malaya at
Malacca granted probate to the applicant on 2 April 1985 and the same was re-
sealed on 27 May 1987 in Singapore.

5 The plaintiffs’ position is that the application is without merits and ought
to be dismissed. Service of the Originating Summons by way of advertisement in
the _New Straits Times_ was effected pursuant to an order for substituted
service properly obtained, and the facts and law necessary to prove a claim
for adverse possession were before the court granting leave to enter the
default order. The plaintiffs were at all material times unaware of the
defendant’s death.

**Background facts**

6 I begin with the history of the ownership of Lot 85-2. I shall for
convenience refer to Lot 85-2 as “the land”. By an Indenture of Assignment
dated 3 January 1901, Cheang Jin Hean assigned the land to Tan Quee Lan and
Mayna Ahna Ravena Mana Perianar Chitty (son of Raman Chitty) as tenants-in-
common in equal shares. Tan Quee Lan then sold his half-share of the land to
the then trustees of the Club in October 1901. The Club appeared to have at
some stage mortgaged its half-share of the land. On 29 April 1980, there was a
reassignment by the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited of the one-
half share in the land to the then trustees of the Club. As for the other
half-share, there were through the years various assignments of that interest
to different individuals. The defendant became the legal co-owner of the land
by virtue of an Indenture of Assignment dated 23 August 1957 from one V V R N
V R N Nagappa Chettiar (son of Veerappa Chettiar).

7 On 24 October 2000, the Singapore Land Registry (“SLR”) wrote to the
plaintiffs and the defendant at 76 Club Street as registered co-owners of the
land under the Registration of Deeds Act (Cap 269, 1989 Rev Ed). In that
notice of conversion, the plaintiffs and the defendant were notified of the
conversion of ownership of the land under the Registration of Deeds Act to the
Torrens system under the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed). On 28 March
2001, SLR sent a conversion notice similar to the one despatched in October
2000 to the defendant at 8 Jalan Maharani, Muar, Johor. It is the applicant’s
case that he did not receive this conversion notice. On 5 April 2001, SLR
informed the plaintiffs’ firm of solicitors, M/s Tan Rajah & Cheah, that SLR
had had no response from the defendant on the conversion notice sent to both
addresses. In that same letter, SLR sought the assistance of the plaintiffs as
co-owners for the information requested from the defendant.

8 Tan Rajah & Cheah wrote on 30 July 2001 to a previous solicitor of the
defendant, M/s Donaldson & Burkinshaw, for information regarding the
defendant. The latter were unable to assist as the files of this particular
client had been destroyed in 1984. Mr H M Dyne, who was the partner in charge,
had nothing useful to add.

9 The plaintiffs on 28 August 2001 lodged a caveat in the Registry of Deeds
claiming an interest as adverse possessors of the one undivided equal half-
share in the land registered in favour of the defendant. On 8 May 2002, the
plaintiffs filed this Originating Summons. Ng Chek Seng in his supporting
affidavit of 3 May 2002 stated that neither he nor any of the other trustees
were aware of any contact at any time between the defendant and the Club apart
from some brief correspondence with a lawyer then acting for the defendant.
Presumably, Ng Chek Seng was referring to Donaldson & Burkinshaw’s letter
dated 15 September 1969 to the Club’s lawyer, M/s Philip Hoalim & Co.
Interestingly, Donaldson & Burkinshaw in that letter took the trouble to trace
the defendant’s root of title to demonstrate his entitlement to a half-share
in the land.

10 On 31 May 2002, pursuant to an Order of Court dated 14 May 2002 for
substituted service of the Originating Summons out of jurisdiction, an
advertisement was inserted in the _New Straits Times_. The advertisement
giving notice of the Originating Summons appeared in the _New Straits Times_
on 31 May 2002.

11 Since no appearance was entered on behalf of the defendant within the time
limited to do so, the plaintiffs applied for and obtained a default order in
terms of the Originating Summons on 10 July 2002. On 12 May 2005, Ramanathan
filed the subject application.

**Procedural point**

12 Counsel for the applicant, Mr Lai Swee Fung, contends that the default
order and the Order of Court for substituted service on the defendant must be
set aside for non-compliance with the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev
Ed). The Originating Summons was not properly brought as the proceedings were
issued against a deceased person. The Order for substituted service of the
proceedings was equally bad for the same reason.

13 At the hearing, Mr Lai pressed the point that it was incumbent on the
plaintiffs under O 15 r 6A(4)(_a_) of the Rules of Court to obtain an order
making the personal representative of the defendant a party to the proceedings
as probate had been granted. The order and Originating Summons must also be
served on the personal representative. In response, Mr Chew Kei-Jin for the
plaintiffs argued that it was not necessary to do all that as judgment in
default had already been obtained.

14 Order 15 r 6A provides:

(1) Where any person against whom an action would have lain has died but the
cause of action survives, the action may, if no grant of probate or
administration has been made, be brought against the estate of the deceased.

(2) …

(3) An action purporting to have been commenced against a person shall be
treated, if he was dead at its commencement, as having been commenced against
his estate in accordance with paragraph (1), whether or not a grant of probate
or administration was made before its commencement.

(4) In any such action as is referred to in paragraph (1) or (3) —

(_a_) the plaintiff shall, during the period of validity for service of the
writ or originating summons, apply to the Court for an order appointing a
person to represent the deceased’s estate for the purpose of the proceedings
or, if a grant of probate or administration has been made for an order that
the personal representative of the deceased be made a party to the
proceedings, and in either case for an order that the proceedings be carried
on against the person appointed or, as the case may be, against the personal
representative, as if he had been substituted for the estate;

(_b_) the Court may, at any stage of the proceedings and on such terms as it
thinks just and either on its own motion or on application, make any such
order as is mentioned in sub-paragraph (_a_) and allow such amendments (if
any) to be made and make such other order as the Court thinks necessary in
order to ensure that all matters in dispute in the proceedings may be
effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon.

….

(7) Where an order is made under paragraph (4), Rules 7 (4) and 8 (3) and (4)
shall apply as if the order had been made under Rule 7 on the application of
the plaintiff.

15 It seems to me that even though the default order was made with the leave
of the court, it does not detract from the fact that it was a judgment in
default of appearance and an _ex parte_ order. An application can be made to
set it aside. Another situation in which an order may be set aside is where
the person obtaining the order has not complied with the requirements of the
Rules of Court and the order has thus been irregularly obtained: see _Ong Cher
Keong v Goh Chin Soon Ricky_ [2001] 2 SLR 94 at [44].

16 At the setting-aside hearing, the undisputed fact is that the defendant
died as long ago as 1985. Order 15 r 6A(3) recognises any proceedings
commenced against a person who has died as being duly commenced against the
estate of the deceased. However, and this is important, in order to continue
with the proceedings, O 15 r 6A(4)(_a_) requires the personal representative
(in this case the applicant) to be made a party to the proceedings and for an
order that the proceedings continue against the personal representative. Order
15 r 6A(7) read with O 15 r 7(4) requires the order made under r 6A(4)(_a_) or
r 6A(4)(_b_) to be noted in the cause book and the order served on the
personal representative together with the originating summons. Order 15 r 8(3)
deals with the entry of appearance by the person to be made a defendant. Order
15 r 8(4) provides that the person added as a party or to be made a party
becomes a party after service of the order or, if service of the order on him
is not required, after the order has been noted in the cause book.

17 A distinction is drawn in r 6A(3) and r 6A(4) between commencing a writ
action or originating summons and continuing with it after it has commenced.
The originating summons in the latter case cannot continue as there will be no
defendant having legal personality and capable of identification. The estate
of a deceased person has no legal persona and, if a grant of probate has been
made (as was the case here), the action must continue against the person who
is the personal representative of the deceased. In these circumstances, it is
not enough that the action was properly commenced. There has to be an
effective party against whom the dispute can be determined. The estate of a
deceased person is not such an effective party. Consequently, the default
order itself in the present case could not stand for the same reason. There
was no legal persona in existence against whom a default order could be
entered. I would not regard this as a case of non-compliance with the Rules of
Court and an irregularity under O 2 r 1(1). The default order was
fundamentally defective and thus a nullity. See _In re Amirteymour, decd_
[1979] 1 WLR 63 at 66 and 67. I therefore order that the default order be set
aside _ex debito justitiae_.

18 The fact that the Originating Summons was issued and default order entered
against the defendant in ignorance of the defendant’s death is not a valid
reason for not setting aside the default order. The application envisaged in O
15 r 6A(4)(_a_) has to be made during the period of validity of the
originating summons. However, the court has a discretion to make the same
orders as in r 6A(4)(_a_) at any stage of the proceedings, under r 6A(4)(_b_).
Rule 6A(4)(_b_) is in plain and unfettered terms and the power is expressly
exercisable at any time. Therefore, the court has jurisdiction to make an
order for the personal representative to be made a party to the proceedings
under r 6A(4)(_b_) after there is a default order.

19 Arunachalam s/o RM KP Venkatachalam of M/s Sault & Co, the applicant’s
solicitors in Malaysia, said in his affidavits that the applicant was only
aware of the default order when land title searches were carried out in
Singapore. He said that he was given instructions to wind up all the affairs
of the estate, and in so doing, he caused searches to be made in respect of
the subject property in the Registry of Land Titles and/or the Registry of
Deeds. He was later informed by the Singapore solicitors who carried out the
searches on 17 March 2005 of the caveat and the default order. Having regard
to the defective default order and the merits of the defence discussed below,
they far outweigh any impact of the delay in filing this application almost
three years after the default order was obtained.

**Adverse possession point**

20 The plaintiffs submit that to establish adverse possession, it is necessary
to establish: (a) actual possession; and (b) an intention to possess. The
latter requirement itself has two elements: (a) subjective, requiring the
trespasser to establish he intended to possess; and (b) objective, requiring
the establishment of possession that would be apparent to the paper owner if
he visited the site: see _The Inglewood Investment Co Ltd v Baker_ [2003] 2 P
& CR 23. On the facts, the plaintiffs submit that these elements have been
satisfied. The argument is that immediately before 1 March 1994, the
plaintiffs had been in possession of the land for a period of 12 years. Their
rights as adverse possessors were preserved by s 177(3) of the Land Titles
Act. On 28 August 2001, a caveat to protect the plaintiffs’ interest to the
one-half share of Lot 85-2 was lodged and registered against part of Lot 85-2
in the Registry of Deeds. The grounds of claim as stated in the caveat were as
follows:

BY VIRTUE OF the Caveator being in continuous and uninterrupted possession of
the land above described for a period exceeding twelve years prior to 1st
March 1994 and by virtue of the provisions of Section 9 of the Limitation Act
and Section 177(3) of the Land Titles Act.

21 The plaintiffs, to prove their claim in adverse possession, relied on these
facts. The Club was established in 1891. The clubhouse is situated in an area
of land made up of the two plots. The plaintiffs, together with their
predecessors in title and therefore the Club, have been in possession of Lot
85-1 and Lot 85-2 for a period well in excess of 20 years. The Club used Lot
85-2 without any reference to the defendant. No rent of any sort was paid to
the defendant for as long as anyone could remember. The defendant had no
access to Lot 85-2 for well in excess of 20 years.

22 As stated, this application raises an issue as to whether one co-owner (the
plaintiffs) can acquire title by possession from the other co-owner (the
defendant), a situation which is very different on the facts from the various
local authorities on adverse possession tendered by both sides. In those
decided cases, the disputed land was entirely owned by one paper owner and the
trespasser’s possession was single and exclusive. Therefore, if the trespasser
was in possession, the paper owner could not be.

23 The rights of co-owners of property are to equal occupation of the land.
Evidence of single and exclusive possession by itself is not enough to
constitute dispossession where co-owners are concerned. The possession to the
exclusion of the other co-owner can be read as referable to the rights which
the claimant already has as co-owner. The question is whether the claimant
ever had the necessary intention to possess the property so as to dispossess
the other co-owner. The fact that each co-owner is necessarily entitled to the
use and occupation of the whole land is a factor to be borne in mind.

24 A co-owner can commit a legal wrong against another co-owner by excluding
the latter from exercising the right to occupation. As between co-owners,
there has to be ouster before the possession of the claimant can be treated as
adverse. An ouster is an act of a co-owner which constitutes a trespass of
another co-owner’s rights in the land. The burden is on the plaintiffs to
establish ouster.

25 Besides occupation of the land by the co-owner, what are the other
circumstances of the case in deciding whether there has indeed been an ouster?
Acts which are open to more than one interpretation will not suffice. The
plaintiffs pointed out that they paid no rent to the defendant for occupying
the land. This fact does not assist them. Under s 73A of the Conveyancing and
Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed), a co-owner has to account for
receipt of rent from a third party. At common law, a co-owner who is so
excluded can sue for ejectment and for mesne profits: _Goodtitle v Tombs_
(1770) 3 Wils K B 118; 95 ER 965. Furthermore, the fact that the plaintiffs
have not been in contact with the defendant is not the same as saying that the
plaintiffs have denied access to their co-owner who sought access and that
such denial amounted to an ouster. Again, the clubhouse, which was built that
way (_ie_ , on Lot 85-1 and with the car park and driveway on part of Lot
85-2), remained the same from the time the defendant bought the half-share of
the land. If anything, an inference may be drawn that implied permission was
in fact given for the Club to use and occupy the land. A reasonable person
would have appreciated that the use was with the permission of the co-owner.
Again, the fact that many years had passed without there being any contact or
communication between the co-owners did not mean that the implied permission
ceased to exist. The defendant’s implied consent to the Club’s occupation
continued and the Club was not in adverse possession and could not acquire
title by adverse possession.

26 Mr Chew asked the court to presume ouster of possession against the
defendant from the long undisturbed and quiet possession: see _Doe ex dim
Fishar v Prosser_ (1774) 1 Cowp 217; 98 ER 1052. He submits that the Club has
had the use and exclusive possession of the whole of Lot 85-2 in excess of 12
years which is sufficient to constitute an ouster of the defendant, the paper
co-owner, so as to adversely possess the latter’s half share. I am not,
however, prepared to presume an ouster. Wherever the limits on ouster or
deemed ouster lie, there must be conduct sufficient for the court to infer a
denial of the claimant’s title.

27 It is evident that the plaintiffs’ intention to dispossess the defendant
was formed after their inquiries into the whereabouts of the defendant drew a
blank. If they had indeed ousted the defendant well before 1 March 1994 as
claimed, they would have informed SLR after receipt of the October 2000
conversion notice that they had adversely possessed the undivided half-share.
There would have been no need for SLR to write to the defendant at the Muar
address or for the plaintiffs’ lawyers to make inquiries as to the whereabouts
of the defendant. The plaintiffs’ conduct was undoubtedly incompatible with an
ouster. There is also evidence that in December 1988 when the Land Office in
Singapore wrote to the co-owners of the land, nothing was said about the Club
having adversely possessed the defendant’s share in the land.

28 It was suggested that the defendant had abandoned his half-share of the
land. In considering the whole of the evidentiary material including what the
defendant was doing or not doing during the relevant period, I would say that
the defendant did not abandon his half-share of the land. To illustrate, on 7
December 1988, the Commissioner of Lands, Land Office Singapore addressed a
letter to the defendant and the Club seeking permission to allow the Public
Works Department to carry out works on the land, _ie_ soil investigation, and
to reinstate the site on completion of the works. Sault & Co, on 15 December
1988 replied on behalf of the defendant’s estate. Furthermore, quit rent
payable annually in respect of the defendant’s share of the land was regularly
paid by the defendant until his death and was thereafter paid by his estate or
the applicant until quit rent was abolished. The last payment of quit rent to
the Land Office was on 25 January 1989.

29 On a closer reading, the half-share of the land in Club Street was
mentioned in the defendant’s will. For almost 18 years after the Grant of
Probate was re-sealed in Singapore, Ramanathan did nothing in respect of the
interest in Lot 85-2. This inactivity is actually irrelevant. The sufficiency
of the possession which is alleged to be adverse depends on the intention of
the claimant and not that of the paper owner.

30 When all these matters are put together, the Club’s possession was not
adverse to begin with. It begs the question of when and how that possession
allegedly turned adverse, if at all. I am in agreement with Mr Lai that the
adverse possession for the requisite period has not been made out. I need not
deal with other arguments raised, given my decision.

31 For all these reasons, the Order of Court dated 10 July 2002 is set aside
with costs to the applicant. I will hear counsel as to the precise terms of
the order to be made.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

