Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tri-Oceanic Pte Ltd v Chun Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd  
[2005] SGHC 56

Case Number | : | Suit 17/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 March 2005  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R S Bajwa and Rajvant Kaur (ASG Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lim Tong Chuan (Loo and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tri-Oceanic Pte Ltd — Chun Cheng Fishery Enterprise Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Defendant purchasing fish and seafood products
from plaintiff – Parties agreeing that sale on "as is" basis – Parties
agreeing that neither quantity nor quality in issue – Plaintiff making claim
for unpaid goods – Defendant alleging that fish delivered did not match
quality set out in contract – Whether defendant liable for unpaid goods  
  

18 March 2005

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a claim by the plaintiff for unpaid goods. The plaintiff company,
in the process of winding up its business of selling fish and fish products,
offered to sell its remaining stock in its entirety to the defendant, who was
also in the same business as the plaintiff. The defendant agreed and a written
agreement dated 5 March 2003 (“the March contract”) was drawn up and the
defendant signed it the following day. It was a simple and straightforward
contract. The agreed price (which was not in dispute) was the cost price of
the plaintiff, ascertained according to the plaintiff’s book value. The
defendant was to buy and take delivery of all the fish and seafood products,
which were set out in the annexure to the March contract, by 31 March 2003.
There was also no dispute as to the annexure. The March contract further
provided by cl 8 that:

The [defendant] agrees not to claim any reduction in price or any other
considerations from [the plaintiff] due to quality of the product being sold.
All product is being sold ‘as is’ without any quantities other than for
weight.

2 Subsequent to the agreement, the plaintiff also agreed to sell and the
defendant to buy several shipments of fish that were arriving at port after
the March contract (“the New Landings”). The plaintiff had offered the New
Landings to the defendant on the same terms as the March contract. The
subsequent agreement in respect of the New Landings was concluded orally
between the defendant’s chairman, Lim Chao Feng, and Chen Hsien Chang, a
director of the plaintiff.

3 The fish and all fish products under the March contract and the oral
agreement were fully delivered by 31 March 2003. The plaintiff claimed that
the total due to it was US$3,195,116.32. The defendant contended that the
amount owing was only US$2,918,392.27. That was the amount paid to the
plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim in these proceedings was for the balance of
US$276,724.05. In the course of the trial, the plaintiff accepted that there
were some errors in respect of some of the invoices and after giving credit to
the defendant in respect of the errors, the plaintiff claimed that the amount
due to it was US$274,985.07.

4 The dispute itself was straightforward. The defendant’s case was that the
plaintiff failed to deliver all the fish stated in the annexure to the March
contract. However, it transpired that what it was in fact saying was that some
of the fish delivered did not match the quality set out in the annexure. It
will be useful to note that the parties agreed that there were three gradings
of fish. There were the “sashimi” grade, the “non-sashimi” grade, and the “LF”
grade, the latter two also referred to as the “A” and “B” grades respectively.
It was contended that only “sashimi” grade fish were suitable for making
sashimi dishes. The defendant’s case was that when the fish were delivered,
the defendant’s tally clerks formed the view that some fish described as
“sashimi” grade were in fact “A” grade, and some “A” grade fish were in fact
“B” grade. Consequently, the defendants calculated the price of the fish based
on the description it labelled on the fish.

5 The defendant’s assertion that the plaintiff did not deliver all the fish in
conformity with the annexure was, in my view, another way of saying that the
fish delivered did not meet the quality described. Mr Lim, counsel for the
defendant, submitted that the defendant was not quarrelling about the quality,
but the description. However, I am unable to accept this argument because it
was not a case in which a seller agreed to deliver salmon but delivered cod
instead. Where the complaint was that the fish delivered was not of “sashimi”
grade, but the lower “A” grade, that complaint related to quality. In the
circumstances, the defendant was bound by cl 8 of the March contract and the
more general “ _caveat_ _emptor_ ” principle.

6 Firstly, the defendant knew that the plaintiff was making a clearance sale.
For that reason, the March contract provided that the price would be at the
plaintiff’s book-value cost. Secondly, the bulk of the fish were in the
plaintiff’s warehouse in frozen form. The defendant contended that it did not
inspect the fish before signing the March contract. The plaintiff disputed
that; but it was, in my view, irrelevant whether the plaintiff or the
defendant was right on this point because the defendant ought to have insisted
on an inspection if it was not certain about what fish it would receive.
Thirdly, the delivery was to take place not within a day or two but over a
period of two to three weeks. The defendant was an experienced fish supplier
and must know that some deterioration was likely to take place. Fourthly, the
sale was on an “as is” basis, and the plaintiff, in fact, delivered 77 tons
more fish than contracted. That, ironically, led to a complaint by the
defendant that its warehouse was full and could not receive the additional
fish.

7 It was not disputed that the defendant’s employees who accepted delivery
made an assessment to determine whether the physical stock delivered was of
the same quality as that described on the delivery list. I accept the
plaintiff’s evidence that the difference in quality between two grades can be
very subjective. If the defendant took the view that quality, description, and
fitness for purpose were important conditions, it ought to have rejected the
fish that did not conform, but it did not. Having accepted them, the defendant
cannot revert weeks later to say that the fish did not conform to quality,
description, or fitness for purpose.

8 Mr Lim, counsel for the defendant, submitted that the plaintiff did not
adduce any evidence to show what was meant by “quality”, and whether the
difference in grade was a question of quality. He submitted that, on the other
hand, the defendant had, through the evidence of witnesses like Tan Lay Hoon,
the vice-president of the defendant, and Peter Teng, a fish contractor of ten
to 20 years’ experience in the fish industry, shown that the plaintiff’s fish
were often wrongly graded. The question as to whether a difference in grade
was a question of quality was a matter for the court, and not for the experts.
In so far as the evidence of Tan Lay Hoon and Peter Teng was concerned, the
evidence that the plaintiff’s employees often graded fish wrongly was, first,
a general comment, which, in the context of this case, was irrelevant because
the defendant purchased the fish on an “as is” basis. The parties had also
agreed in writing that neither quantity nor quality would be an issue. The
price would be according to weight only. These were express terms of the
contract. The general evidence of Tan Lay Hoon and Peter Teng was wholly
irrelevant because they were not present at the times the fish were delivered.
Mr Lim referred to the annexure as describing the fish by species, size and
grade, and argued that these were important terms. However, the evidence
showed that the annexure was used to identify the total fish as well as the
weight of the fish sold. It was a convenient checklist for both parties. The
operative terms were found in the March contract. There, only weight was of
relevance.

9 Mr Lim relied on s 55(2) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed)
which provides that:

An express condition or warranty does not negative a condition or warranty
implied by this Act unless inconsistent with it.

Mr Lim, therefore, argued that even if the contract excluded quality, it did
not exclude the implied condition as to description and fitness for purpose.
The same defects in the defendant’s case hindered them where s 55(2) was
concerned. The complaint of the defendant was a complaint as to quality. On
the evidence, and in the context of this case, the description would be a
reference only to the type of fish. Although the defendant had pleaded that
some of the fish were not fit for processing or consumption, the evidence
before me was insufficient to convince me. The defendant relied strongly on
the evidence of Phang Yan Chin, its operations and cold store manager. He
testified that in his view, some of the fish delivered were wrongly graded and
that he and his colleague, Tan Kui Heng, noted the difference in grade on the
tally sheet. But due to the confused circumstances in which the fish stock was
delivered, Mr Phang stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that he “was
not able to tell which bin belongs to which item under the consolidated list”.
I am, therefore, not satisfied on the facts that the defendant had proved that
the fish were of different quality, description or fitness. However, it will
be noted that this exercise was really a red herring because the contract was
a clearing-out sale that expressly provided that the fish were sold “as is”
with no reference to quality, description, or fitness for purpose. A “non-
sashimi” grade fish could still be used for other purposes. It was a
description of quality in this context. It was not proved that the defendant
would be selling all the “sashimi” grade fish for the purpose of making
sashimi. The intention of the parties in this contract was to clear the
plaintiff’s stock at cost.

10 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim was allowed and judgment was
entered in the sum of $274,985.07. The defendant’s counterclaim was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2005 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

