Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pertamina Energy Trading Limited v Credit Suisse  
[2006] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 116/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  C R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah), Anjali Iyer (Anjali Iyer & Associates), Oommen Mathew, RajMohan (Haq & Selvam) for the appellant; K Shanmugam SC, Muthu Arusu, Edward Tiong, Ramesh Selvaraj (Allen & Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pertamina Energy Trading Limited — Credit Suisse   
  
Banking – Banker’s set-off – Company opening deposit account with bank with
knowledge of bank's right of set-off under bank's conditions for opening of
account – Credit facility secured by charge over company's deposit account
fraudulently opened with bank in company's name by company's employee – Bank
facilitating drawdown on credit facility and setting off sum against moneys in
deposit account pursuant to charge and right of set-off – Whether bank
entitled to exercise right of set-off – Whether bank put on notice of fraud or
forgery  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Bank seeking to rely on defence of estoppel –
Bank failing to expressly plead defence in pleadings and failing to
particularise and prove alleged detriment – Whether bank may rely on defence
of estoppel  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Company opening deposit account
with bank with knowledge of conclusive evidence clause under bank's conditions
for opening of account – Credit facility secured by charge over company's
deposit account fraudulently opened with bank in company's name by company's
employee – Bank facilitating drawdown on credit facility – Whether bank acting
without valid mandate – Whether bank entitled to rely on conclusive evidence
clause as defence  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Whether bank may modify
customer's common law duties by express terms in contract with customer –
Applicable principles  
  
Credit and Security – Charges – Certificate of registration of charge issued –
Effect of registration – Whether conclusiveness of certificate of registration
of charge operating only vis-a-vis third parties – Whether chargee or chargor
may challenge validity of charge inter se even where certificate of
registration issued  
  

15 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 A fraudulent employee causes his company substantial losses in an audacious
scam. An eager bank officer fails to heed alarm bells in his zeal to
facilitate and sustain a banking relationship with that company. Who should
bear the losses?

2 This is an appeal against a decision dismissing the claim of Pertamina
Energy Trading Limited (“the appellant”) for the return of approximately US$8m
deposited under a fixed deposit contract with Credit Suisse (“the respondent”)
(see _Pertamina Energy Trading Limited v Credit Suisse_ [2006] SGHC 4 (“the
GD”)). The focal point of the dispute is whether the sum claimed had been
legitimately set-off against an alleged drawdown by the appellant of a credit
facility in favour of a third company, Aceasia Commercial Enterprises Pte Ltd
(“Aceasia”), also a private banking client of the respondent.

_**Dramatis personae**_

3 The appellant is a Hong Kong company and a wholly owned subsidiary of PT
Pertamina (“Pertamina”), the Indonesian national oil company. Its operations
in Singapore are in turn handled by another subsidiary company, Pertamina
Energy Services Pte Ltd (“PES”). The appellant’s directors at the material
time, Muchsin Bahar (“Bahar”) and Burhanuddin Hassan (“Hassan”), were both
based in Jakarta, Indonesia. The senior executive officers of the appellant
based in Singapore were Soekono Wahjoe (“Wahjoe”), the president of the
company, and Zainul Ariefin (“Ariefin”), the vice president of finance and
administration. As will become apparent shortly, Ariefin was primarily
responsible for the operations of the appellant’s financial affairs and
banking relationships in Singapore, while Wahjoe, quite content to rely on
Ariefin’s judgment and expertise, was involved only minimally.

4 The respondent is the Singapore branch of Credit Suisse. The appellant’s
liaison in Credit Suisse was Lim Chee Chien (“Lim”), a client relationship
manager.

5 Aceasia was controlled by an Indonesian businessman Haji Dedy Budhiman Garna
(“Dedy”), who appeared to have a close relationship with Ariefin.

6 Wahjoe and Lim testified at the trial on behalf of the appellant and
respondent respectively. Ariefin and Dedy absconded long before the trial
commenced.

**Factual matrix**

7 The train of events culminating in this appeal was set in motion when Dedy
introduced Wahjoe and Ariefin to Lim sometime in late 2001. In that encounter,
Wahjoe and Ariefin informed Lim that the appellant intended to open an account
with the respondent. At a subsequent meeting on 19 November 2001, Ariefin and
other officers of the appellant met Lim again to confirm that the appellant
would open an account with the respondent in order to diversify the
appellant’s investment opportunities.

8 On 17 January 2002, Bahar and Hassan signed a directors’ resolution
authorising the opening of a bank account with the respondent (“the 17 January
2002 resolution”) on the following terms:

**_OPEN BANK ACCOUNT WITH CREDIT SUISSE, SINGAPORE BRANCH_**

RESOLVED:-

(a) That an Account (“The Account”) be opened in the name of the Company with
Credit Suisse, Singapore Branch.

(b) That the account and such other accounts as may from time to time be
established by the Company with Credit Suisse, Singapore Branch _be operated
by any one of the following authorized signatories signing singly_ :

_Authorized Signatories_ _Title_ _Specimen Signature_

Soekono Wahjoe President (signed)

Zainul Ariefin Vice President (signed)  
Finance & Administration

(c) That the use of the Common Seal of the Company be approved and be affixed
to the related bank documents regarding opening of the account.

[emphasis added]

9 On 15 February 2002, the appellant transferred US$9m to the respondent. Its
receipt was confirmed by a statement issued on 18 February 2002 that was duly
sent to the appellant’s office in Singapore. At around the same time, the
respondent received various documents dated 18 February 2002, which had been
signed by Wahjoe and Ariefin. These documents included:

(a) “Company Mandate”;

(b) “Account Opening Conditions”;

(c) specimen signature card;

(d) order relating to the retention of correspondence by the bank;

(e) “Risk Disclosure Statement”;

(f) “Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax
Withholding”;

(g) the 17 January 2002 resolution;

(h) the appellant’s memorandum and articles of association (“M&AA”) and
certificate of incorporation; and

(i) copies of the passports of Bahar, Hassan, Wahjoe and Ariefin.

10 Clauses 2 and 3 of the Company Mandate provided:

[I]t was resolved:

…

2 The Bank be authorised to honour any instructions relating to any activity
acceptable to the Bank from time to time provided such instructions are signed
by

SOEKONO WAHJOE SINGLY

ZAINUL ARIEFIN SINGLY

(being an “authorised signatory” or “authorised signatories” of the Company
for all the purposes of this mandate.

3 The Bank be authorised and instructed at its absolute discretion to accept
any instructions which it believes to be genuine from authorised agents of the
Company whether given orally by telephone facsimile telegraph or cable and the
Company agrees to bear the damages or any other losses resulting from reliance
by the Bank upon any false forged or otherwise legally deficient instructions
from the Company or from a third party purporting to act on its behalf and the
Company agrees to bear any damages or other losses due to transmission by post
telegraph, telephone, telex or any other mode of communication and resulting
from losses, delays, misunderstanding mutilations or duplications except in
the case of wilful or gross negligence on the part of the Bank …

Clause 6 of the Company Mandate conferred on the respondent the right of set-
off of money standing to the credit of the appellant against its outstanding
liabilities.

11 Clause 1.2 of the Account Opening Conditions provided that the appellant
authorised the respondent, at the respondent’s absolute discretion and until
the respondent received from the appellant notice in writing to the contrary,
to honour and comply with written instructions from either Wahjoe or Ariefin.
Clause 1.3(b) of the same document obliged the appellant to examine all
statements, slips, notes and other documents issued by the respondent setting
out transactions on the appellant’s account and to notify the respondent
within 14 days of the issue of such statements if there were any
discrepancies; failing which, the respondent was entitled to treat as
conclusive evidence all the matters contained in the statements (see [67]–[71]
below). Clause 17.1 of the Account Opening Conditions also conferred on the
respondent a contractual right of set-off.

12 The appellant also requested that statements of its account be kept on a
“retained mail” basis by the customer services department of the respondent.
This arrangement meant that the statements of account would not be sent to the
appellant. The respondent would retain the statements for the appellant’s
inspection if and when required.

13 Shortly thereafter Ariefin orally requested that Lim effect the urgent
drawdown of money from a credit facility of US$10m to be established in the
appellant’s favour. Lim was off-handedly told that this money was to be
remitted to Aceasia as the appellant owed money to Aceasia for oil contracts
and oil tankers, which had already been delivered. In order to establish the
credit facility, the respondent required a charge over the appellant’s
deposit. It also sought the following additional documentation from the
appellant:

(a) the countersigned copy of the facility letter;

(b) Account Opening Conditions;

(c) Company Mandate;

(d) a certified true copy of a current M&AA;

(e) a specimen signature card;

(f) Risk Disclosure Statement;

(g) a certificate of incorporation;

(h) a charge on cash amounts (“the charge”) to be executed as security for the
appellant’s obligations and liabilities to the bank; and

(i) a board of directors’ resolution accepting the credit facility.

14 Wahjoe and Ariefin jointly signed the Account Opening Conditions, the Risk
Disclosure Statement, the charge, the credit facility letters (there were
two), and a resolution dated 18 February 2002 purporting to accept the offer
of credit (“the 18 February 2002 resolution”). Ariefin singly signed the
Company Mandate. These documents, together with a drawdown request letter
dated 26 February 2003 (“the drawdown letter”), also singly signed by Ariefin,
were handed over to Lim.

15 The respondent’s credit risk management department (“CRMD”), upon
scrutinising these documents, rejected the application for the drawdown as
neither Wahjoe nor Ariefin had the mandate to sign the charge, the credit
facility letters, and the 18 February 2002 resolution. The CRMD also noted
that the charge was not affixed with the company seal and that the Company
Mandate ought to have been signed by the directors of the appellant, not by
Ariefin. Such discrepancies were itemised by the CRMD in an email that was
internally circulated to, _inter alia_ , Lim. No concerns were raised in
relation to the validity of the Account Opening Conditions, which Wahjoe and
Ariefin were authorised to sign pursuant to the 17 January 2002 resolution.

16 In order to facilitate the drawdown, the respondent drafted a resolution to
ratify the discrepant documents (“the ratification resolution”), but continued
to insist that the company seal be affixed to the charge.

17 It is a matter of some controversy whether Lim handed the ratification
resolution directly to Dedy or whether he handed a copy to Ariefin for him to
procure the signatures of the appellant’s directors. At any rate, an undated
copy of the ratification resolution purportedly bearing the signatures of
Hassan and Bahar was faxed to Lim. Both the appellant and the respondent now
accept that Ariefin forged the signatures on this ratification resolution.

18 On 1 March 2002, the appellant appointed a solicitor in Hong Kong to attend
to the affixation of the company seal on the charge signed by Wahjoe and
Ariefin. Karen Poon, an office secretary of the appellant in Hong Kong, was
instructed by Ariefin to obtain the company seal from the company secretary
and to despatch it to the Hong Kong solicitor. The company seal was then
affixed in the solicitor’s office in the absence of the appellant’s directors.
Lim had earlier signed the charge as a witness attesting to the affixation of
the seal to the charge even though he was not physically present at the
material time. The charge was subsequently registered with the Registry of
Companies in Hong Kong and formally notified on the appellant’s register of
charges. The Registry of Companies, Hong Kong, duly issued a certificate of
registration.

19 Upon receipt of both the signed ratification resolution and the charge on 5
March 2002, the respondent was satisfied that the formalities had been
complied with and permitted the sum of US$8m to be drawn down from the
appellant’s account. In compliance with Ariefin’s request, the money was
credited to an account that Aceasia also maintained with the respondent. Upon
receipt of the money Aceasia promptly effected a transfer of the entire amount
to a third party in another jurisdiction.

20 The terms of the credit facility were stipulated in a letter dated 12 March
2002. The respondent pursuant to express instructions received from the
appellant on 18 February 2002 retained this letter. However, after mid-March
2002, bank statements, particularising movements in the appellant’s accounts
as well as the balances therein were sent to Ariefin’s residential address in
Singapore pursuant to a mail re-direction letter dated 18 March 2002, signed
by Ariefin. The letter stated that the appellant’s relocation of its Singapore
office from Wisma Atria to Ngee Ann City necessitated this change. The trial
judge remarked that this being an entirely logical reason, the respondent
ought not to be criticised for complying with such an instruction; in any
event, Ariefin had been properly authorised by the 17 January 2002 resolution
to give such instructions. We are inclined to agree with this finding.

21 The following narration of events is relevant. The sequence is based
essentially on Wahjoe’s testimony as well as documentary evidence. For reasons
that we shall elaborate on later, Wahjoe’s testimony has to be cautiously
evaluated.

22 Wahjoe testified that sometime in February 2002 he questioned Ariefin about
the extension of credit facilities from the respondent. Ariefin told Wahjoe
that approval was imminent. When he received no further news by June 2002,
Wahjoe allegedly instructed Ariefin to transfer the funds deposited in the
account with the respondent to the appellant’s account with another bank.
Ariefin informed Wahjoe that instructions for this transfer had been complied
with on 7 June 2002. A projected cash flow statement drawn up by Ariefin for
the week of 10 to 14 June 2002 also purportedly confirmed that the US$9m had
been transferred as instructed.

23 According to Wahjoe, on or around 9 July 2002, he discovered that the
transfer had actually not been effectuated. Wahjoe promptly confronted Ariefin
who said that he would look into the matter. Later that week, Wahjoe again
pressed Ariefin about the transfer and was told that, because of a structural
arrangement that involved Aceasia, the respondent would not release the funds.
When asked for details, Ariefin was unable to explain the precise nature of
the arrangement but assured Wahjoe that he would soon do so. Wahjoe claims his
concerns stemmed from his previous encounter with Dedy and his ensuing unease
with the latter’s unsubstantiated claims about his immense wealth.

24 Though Ariefin sought to assure Wahjoe that there was no cause for alarm,
Wahjoe remained unconvinced. He then called Lim, who allegedly more or less
echoed what Ariefin had earlier disclosed to him. Wahjoe testified that he
failed to grasp the explanation about the arrangement and relied on Lim’s
assurance that the deposit was not at risk but merely subject to a restriction
that could not be removed until 15 March 2003; see [28] below.

25 Wahjoe then attempted to clarify the precise nature of the arrangement with
Aceasia and met Dedy at the appellant’s offices in Jakarta and Singapore on 18
and 22 July 2002, respectively. On 9 August 2002, Wahjoe ran into Dedy at a
mosque in Singapore and requested for a further meeting at the appellant’s
Singapore office. Wahjoe informed Dedy that he wanted to transfer the subject
deposit but Dedy claimed that the deposit was currently being employed as
security for a contract between the appellant and Aceasia. These discussions
were duly communicated by Wahjoe to Ariefin, Daniel Purba (the appellant’s
finance manager), and Hassan, among others.

26 Sometime in late August or early September 2002, Wahjoe chanced upon a copy
of a document entitled “Asset Management Agreement” on Ariefin’s table. It was
an investment management agreement dated 27 February 2002 made between Aceasia
as asset manager and the appellant as asset owner. Ariefin and Dedy had signed
it. Pursuant to that agreement, the appellant agreed to place US$8m with
Aceasia and permit it to manage the fund. When Ariefin was asked about the
intent and purport of that document, he was initially unable to explain it.
After Wahjoe expressed his unhappiness, Ariefin broke down and claimed that he
had signed the agreement in order to protect the appellant’s deposit. Ariefin
also claimed to have been coerced into signing the agreement by Lim and Dedy.
Wahjoe decided that since the agreement had already been signed, he would just
wait until 15 March 2003 to transfer the deposit. He did not immediately
communicate his deep misgivings to either his superiors or the respondent.

27 In August 2002, the finance division of Pertamina learnt about the
purported transaction and asked Ariefin for all relevant documents pertaining
to the relationship between the appellant and Aceasia. An internal audit was
conducted in October 2002. Pursuant to that audit, a request was made to the
respondent to provide details of the appellant’s deposit and credit facility.
The trial judge found that by November 2002, this request had in fact been
complied with when the respondent had sent a copy of an account statement
dated 31 October 2002. However, counsel for the appellant chose to argue
before us that the appellant never received the statement. This controversy is
not crucial. What is highly pertinent, as will be seen, is the internal audit
report that followed on 30 December 2002; see [81] below.

28 As 15 March 2003 approached, Wahjoe called Lim once again to ascertain the
status of the deposit. Lim purportedly reassured Wahjoe that the deposit could
be released on 15 March 2003. However, when Wahjoe attempted to call Lim again
on 17 March 2003, he was told that Lim had already resigned. Wahjoe then met
with Dedy on 21 March 2003 to discuss the appellant’s deposit. Dedy told him
that there had been an unexpected delay and that he was in the process of
arranging a remittance of US$28m from another transaction to the respondent;
once that was effected, the respondent would promptly release the appellant’s
deposit. It should be observed at this juncture that Lim’s recollection of his
discussions with Wahjoe was on the other hand quite different. Lim
emphatically asserted that he gave no assurances about the release of the
deposit. During cross-examination Lim’s evidence was as follows:

Q: I am telling you what [Wahjoe] has told us: [Wahjoe] says that he called
you in the first week of March, because in June you had told him that the
deposit cannot be withdrawn until 15th March. So he called you in the first
week of March, and he tells us that you again assured him that everything is
fine, that on 15th March, the deposit can be drawn out.

A: _I do not recollect the conversation, sorry._

Q:__ [Wahjoe] says that is why he called you again on 17th March because he
was now wondering about the deposit, why it had not been drawn out, because
you said it could not be released after 15th March?

A: Did he call my mobile or my office phone on 17th March?

Q: He says he called your office.

A: _And if he called my office, it should be registered; right?_

[emphasis added]

Indeed, while counsel for the appellant attempted to argue that Wahjoe did
call Lim on two occasions in March 2003, he was not able to point us to any
records showing that the alleged calls in March 2003 took place.

29 Wahjoe later authorised representatives from PES to review the deposit
arrangements with the respondent. On 4 April 2003, these representatives
visited the respondent and obtained copies of the appellant’s account and
credit facility documents.

30 Three days later, on 7 April 2003, some of the appellant’s key officers
held a meeting to take stock of the situation. At this meeting, Ariefin denied
all knowledge of either the credit facility or its disbursement to Aceasia. He
also alleged that his signature on the drawdown letter (see [14] above) had
been forged and that the mail re-direction letter dated 18 March 2002 (see
[20] above) had not been signed by him. According to Wahjoe, Ariefin appeared
convincing because the drawdown letter neither bore the appellant’s letterhead
nor contained any reference number and appeared to be faxed from a machine
named “HDG” which were Dedy’s initials. Wahjoe concluded at that point that
Lim and Dedy had deceived Ariefin. Only then did the appellant engage
solicitors in Singapore to protect its interests. Interestingly, in its
solicitors’ letter of demand sent in November 2003, the appellant did not
dispute the existence of the credit facilities; it merely claimed that there
had been no drawdown.

31 Wahjoe called for a further meeting on 9 April 2003, asking Ariefin to look
into the option of closing the account with the respondent in order to obtain
the immediate return of the full deposit from the respondent. That very
afternoon, Ariefin and the finance manager of PES (who was Wahjoe’s designated
representative) met with a director of the respondent, Joseph Sim Hwee Yeow,
and its regional head of legal and compliance, Conrad Lim Cheng Lock. This
meeting took place at the respondent’s premises. In the course of the meeting,
Ariefin issued both oral and written instructions to set off the outstanding
loan amount of some US$8.25m against its deposit. Ariefin also signed a
“Summary of Holdings” statement instructing that mail be redirected to the
appellant’s new office address. The set-off instruction was confirmed by a fax
with the appellant’s letterhead later that day.

32 The respondent notified the appellant by fax on the morning of 10 April
2003 that they had received instructions to set off the loan against the
deposit and that unless contrary instructions were given by 4.30pm that very
day, the set-off would be effected. Wahjoe however only saw the fax after the
stipulated deadline. His attempt to avert the set-off with a fax voicing his
objections, which was despatched at about 7.29pm, proved to be futile. The
respondent had already effected the set-off at 5.30pm. The respondent reverted
to Wahjoe the next day refusing to reverse the set-off.

33 In August 2003, Pertamina conducted another internal audit in order to
investigate the roles played by Wahjoe and Ariefin. What emerged crucially
from this audit is Wahjoe’s declaration that _he_ , Ariefin, Hassan, and the
management knew about the loan, the agreement between the appellant and
Aceasia and _also_ the fact that the deposit was subject to a charge, as early
as in June 2002. The internal audit team concluded that Wahjoe was directly or
indirectly involved in a conspiracy that had “prejudiced” the appellant’s
deposit with the respondent.

34 The appellant’s account with the respondent was eventually closed, with the
respondent returning only US$899,120.36. The appellant then claimed the
difference between this amount and the US$9m it had initially deposited.

**The decision below**

35 The following findings were made by the trial judge.

36 First of all, the deposit account with the respondent was validly opened,
contrary to the appellant’s original contention that the 17 January 2002
resolution merely authorised the operation of the account and not its opening.
The appellant quite appropriately has now chosen to abandon this argument.

37 Secondly, on the question of which documents had been forged, the trial
judge determined: (a) the alleged forgery of the mail re-direction letter
dated 18 March 2002 was not specifically pleaded, contrary to O 18 r 8 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) and to that extent could not be
relied upon by the appellant; (b) in respect of the drawdown letter, this was
not forged and had in fact been handed to the respondent by Ariefin himself;
(c) the ratification resolution was probably forged; and (d) the charge was
properly affixed with the appellant’s seal as evidenced by the issuance of the
certificate of registration from the Registry of Companies, Hong Kong.

38 Thirdly, the trial judge held that the appellant was precluded from denying
that it had validly accepted the credit facilities as it had knowledge of such
facilities all along. He relied on Wahjoe’s admission to the Pertamina
internal audit team that Ariefin had indeed explained the purport of the
documents to him, albeit briefly. Further, the appellant was estopped from
asserting forgery because it knew about the drawdown of the credit facilities,
at the very latest by June 2002, but chose thereafter to remain silent on the
issue. In any event, the appellant was also bound by cl 1.3(b) of the Account
Opening Conditions, which obliged the appellant to challenge any transaction
within 14 days of the issuance of the bank statements. A bank statement
reflecting the drawdown had been issued on 5 March 2002 (though this was
retained by the respondent pursuant to the mail retention instructions by
Ariefin on 18 February 2002).

39 Finally, the trial judge held that the various discrepancies in the
documents, such as the mail re-direction letter being signed off as “Mr Zainul
Ariefin” instead of the usual “Zainul Ariefin” or the fact that the drawdown
letter contained no reference number and appeared to be faxed from a machine
named “HDG”, were cumulatively insufficient to put the respondent on notice.
He also found that the reason given by Ariefin to the respondent to justify
the drawdown, _viz_ , that the appellant owed money to Aceasia for oil
contracts and the delivery of oil tankers, was ostensibly a proper purpose.
There was no reason for the respondent to have made further inquiries.

40 Accordingly, the claim was dismissed.

**The issues on appeal**

41 Upon closer analysis, the relevant issues crystallise into two critical
questions. The first and foremost question is whether the documentation
initiating the authorisation and/or drawdown of the credit facility had been
properly authorised or whether it was unauthorised and/or forged. Needless to
say, if the documentation was authorised, the claim against the respondent
must necessarily fail at the very outset. On the other hand, if the
documentation was in fact vitiated by fraud and/or if the drawdown had not
been properly authorised, then the second question arises: are there any
appropriate defences to resist the appellant’s claim? In answer to this, the
respondent has two strings to its bow. The first is contractual: the
conclusive evidence clause found in cl 1.3(b) of the Account Opening
Conditions purports to exclude liability if a customer fails to apprise the
bank of discrepancies in the bank statements (see [11] above). The second
defence that the respondent seeks to invoke is the equitable doctrine of
estoppel, _viz_ , that the appellant kept silent when it knew about the fraud
and had a duty to speak and thereby caused the respondent detriment. In light
of these defences the respondent asserts that the appellant cannot in fact or
in law now be allowed to mount a claim arising from and engendered by its own
employee’s complicity in a fraud.

**The propriety of the documentation leading to the drawdown**

42**** We turn now to the first issue, _ie_ , whether the documents supporting
the drawdown were properly executed and, if not, whether the drawdown was a
nullity. It is crucial to note that the chain of documents leading to the
drawdown commenced with the documents establishing the appellant’s deposit
account with the respondent. If the appellant’s account had not even been
properly opened, there would be no substratum for the drawdown and the
eventual exercise of the right of set-off. On this issue, we concur with the
trial judge’s finding (see [43] and [44] of the GD) that the 17 January 2002
resolution (see [8] above) properly authorised _both_ the opening and the
operation of the deposit account with the respondent. As pointed out earlier,
this point was in any event no longer in issue when the appeal was heard.

43 It would also follow that we accept the trial judge’s interpretation of the
17 January 2002 resolution that Wahjoe and Ariefin were authorised to sign the
relevant account opening documents, which, crucially, included the Account
Opening Conditions. This means that the respondent could, as a matter of
contract between the appellant and the respondent, rely on cll 1.3(b) (the
conclusive evidence clause) and 17.1 (which confers on the respondent a
contractual right of set-off). As far as the right of set-off is concerned,
the respondent can also fall back on its common law right _qua_ banker to
combine two or more accounts belonging to a customer for the purposes of
satisfying the indebtedness incurred by the customer. The basis for this right
was explained by Sir WM James LJ in the _locus classicus_ , _In re EUROPEAN
BANK_ (1872) LR 8 Ch App 41 at 44:

It was only for convenience that the loan account was kept separately … In
truth, as between banker and customer, whatever number of accounts are kept in
the books, the whole is really but one account, and it is not open to the
customer, in the absence of some special contract, to say that the securities
which he deposits are only applicable to one account.

The bank’s common law right of set-off was affirmed by the House of Lords in
_National Westminster Bank Ltd v Halesowen Presswork & Assemblies Ltd_ [1972]
AC 785; and followed again in _In re K (Restraint Order)_ [1990] 2 QB 298,
where Otton J held at 304:

In my judgment, the right of a bank to combine [accounts] is well established
and is fundamental to the bank/customer relationship. It is a means of
establishing the indebtedness of the customer to the bank and the bank to the
customer. In exercising this right a bank is not asserting a claim over the
moneys, nor is it in conflict with the claims of the Crown. It is merely
carrying out an accounting procedure so as to ascertain the existence and
amount of one party's liability to the other. This can only be ascertained by
discovering the ultimate balance of their mutual dealing.

44 There are of course circumstances where this common law right of a bank to
set off one customer’s account against another of his accounts may be
abrogated. In this respect, the case of _T and H Greenwood Teale v William
Williams Brown and Company_ (1894) 11 TLR 56 is instructive. Wright J
articulated three such exceptions in that case: first, where there was an
implied or express agreement to the contrary; second, where a special item of
property was paid to the bank for a given purpose; and third, where a bank had
express knowledge that the account against which it wished to set off its
customer’s private account was an account which, if drawn upon by the
customer, would involve fraud or a breach of trust. See also, E P Ellinger,
Eva Lomnicka, and Richard Hooley, _Ellinger’s_ _Modern Banking Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 4th Ed, 2006) (“ _Ellinger’s_ _Modern Banking Law_ ”) at
205–213.

45 The authorisation and/or drawdown of the credit facility had to be
contractually authorised (see [13] above). As the appellant’s directors did
not sign several of these documents, the documents had to be properly ratified
if they were to be accorded any legal significance (see [14] and [15] above).
The two critical documents necessary for the drawdown were the ratification
resolution and the charge affixed with the appellant’s company seal. As
pointed out earlier, it is no longer disputed that the ratification resolution
was indeed a forgery that was never signed by the appellant’s directors. As
regards the legal efficacy of the charge, we respectfully disagree with the
trial judge’s conclusion, first that the appellant was precluded from
challenging it since it had been registered and further, that the issue of the
registrar’s certificate was conclusive evidence of this particular matter: see
[45] of the GD.

46 It is true that pursuant to s 83(2) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
(Cap 32), the registrar’s certificate is conclusive evidence of the validity
of the _registration_ of the charge: _Sun Hung Kai Bank Ltd v Attorney
General_ [1986] HKLR 587 (“ _Sun Hung Kai_ ”). Thus, a charge registered even
if it is out of time cannot be challenged: _Regina v Registrar of Companies,
Ex parte Central Bank of India_ [1986] QB 1114. But this must be distinguished
from a situation where a party seeks to challenge not the _fact_ of
registration but that the very charge itself is ineffective for some reason
other than that the procedural requirements of registration were not met:
_per_ Slade LJ in _Regina v Registrar of Companies, Ex parte Central Bank of
India_ at 1177. _A fortiori_ , it has been held that if a charge fraudulently
deceives the registrar, a creditor personally damaged by the fraud can take
proceedings _in personam_ despite the registration: _In re CL Nye Ltd_ [1971]
Ch 442. As Chao Hick Tin JC (as he then was) observed, the certificate is
conclusive evidence not of the correctness of the particulars stated in the
certificate itself, but of compliance with the requirements of the statute:
_Re Lin Securities (Pte)_ [1988] SLR 340 at 358, [68]. In addition, the
conclusiveness of the registration of a charge operates only _vis-à-vis_ third
parties and does not operate to disentitle the chargee or the chargor from
questioning the validity of the charge _inter se_. Given that the Hong Kong
legislation is _in pari materia_ with the comparable Singapore and English
provisions, and considering that _Sun Hung Kai_ does not purport to hold that
the _contents_ of the charge cannot be challenged, we are of the view that it
_is_ open to the appellant to challenge the validity of the charge itself as
_vis-à-vis_ the respondent.

47 It is undisputed that the charge was unauthorised, improperly signed by
Wahjoe and Ariefin (instead of the directors of the appellant) and that the
affixation of the seal was contrary to Art 129(a) of the appellant’s M&AA,
which is couched in the following terms:

129\. (a) The Directors shall provide for the safe custody of the Common Seal
of the Company. _The Seal of the Company shall not be affixed to any
instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors
and in the presence of one of the Directors_ and such persons shall sign every
instrument to which the Seal of the Company is so affixed in his or his
presence. [emphasis added]

Therefore, given that (a) none of the appellant’s directors were present at
the sealing; and (b) no board resolution had been passed authorising the
affixation of the seal to the charge document, we determine that the charge
was not properly sealed and to that extent defective. For the avoidance of
doubt, we also find that the ratification resolution could not have cured this
forgery because even if the ratification resolution had been proper (which it
is not), cl 4 of the ratification resolution itself makes clear that any
sealing of documents should be done in accordance with the M&AA of the
appellant:

IT WAS … RESOLVED that:-

…

4\. Infosar as any such documents are required to be executed under seal, the
common seal of the Company be so affixed thereto in accordance with the
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

This had clearly not been complied with.

48 The validity of the ratification resolution and the charge is paramount in
determining whether the drawdown was legitimately authorised. This will in
turn determine whether the appellant’s case falters and fails at the very
first hurdle. To reiterate, if the drawdown was legitimate and properly
authorised, the appellant’s case must fail _ab initio_. Given our findings
thus far, we are of the opinion that the ratification resolution was forged;
the drawdown was not properly authorised; and further, the charge document was
not properly sealed and therefore of no legal significance or effect.

49 For the sake of completeness, we shall also briefly examine two other
documents. The first is the drawdown letter. We respectfully concur with the
trial judge that the letter was not a forgery. In this regard, the appellant’s
complaint that the trial judge was wrong in rejecting the evidence of the
appellant’s handwriting expert is, with respect, entirely without substance.
The trial judge correctly noted and appropriately emphasised the fact that
Ariefin had himself delivered the drawdown letter to the respondent and that
because he had himself expressly given instructions to set off the drawdown
against the appellant’s deposit, it could not have been a forgery. In short,
it made no sense at all for Ariefin to authorise the set-off of a drawdown
that he had never authorised in the first place. Suffice it to say also that
the trial judge was perfectly entitled to prefer one expert’s opinion over
another’s: _Tan Mui Teck v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 139. Further, the trial judge’s
analysis of the objective evidence is consistent with the judicial approach
taken in decisions such as _R Mahendran v R Arumuganathan_ [1999] 2 SLR 579 at
[16] and _Dalip Kaur v Pegawai Polis Daerah, Balai Polis Daerah, Bukit
Mertajam_ [1992] 1 MLJ 1 at 8. Handwriting analysis is, ultimately, merely
just an item of evidence, the probative weight of which ought to be considered
in the context of all the relevant circumstances.

50 With respect to the mail re-direction letter dated 18 March 2002, the trial
judge was entirely justified in holding that the appellant could not rely on
the alleged forgery because it was not specifically pleaded. We would add that
in any event, Ariefin authorised _vide_ a “Summary of Holdings” statement on 9
April 2003 that the mail should again be re-directed from his residential
address to the appellant’s office premises. This step implicitly acknowledges
that he was indeed the source of the previous re-direction instruction (on 18
March 2002). Furthermore, if the earlier re-direction letter had indeed been
forged, a bewildered Ariefin would have received numerous bank statements at
his home and would thus have been instantly alerted that a fraud had been
perpetrated; assuming of course that he was an innocent party. There is on the
contrary, nothing on record to indicate that Ariefin was surprised or
concerned about receiving mail at his residential address. Indeed, how could
he have been when he was working hand in glove with Dedy to deceive both the
appellant and the respondent.

**The defences open to the respondent**

51 What then is the legal effect of the credit facility and the drawdown being
improperly authorised? The answer is obvious. As a matter of common law, a
bank has no mandate to pay on a forged instrument of a customer, and if it
makes payment thereon, it is liable to its customer. The only established
exceptions to this general principle are instances when the customer itself is
in breach of its duty to its bank by failing to observe one or both of the
following duties:

(a) a duty to refrain from drawing a payment order or instruction in such a
manner as to facilitate fraud or forgery: _London Joint Stock Bank, Limited v
Macmillan and Arthur_ [1918] AC 777 (“ _Macmillan_ ”); and

(b) a duty to inform the bank of any forgery or unauthorised drawing of a
payment order or instruction as soon as the customer becomes aware of it:
_Greenwood_ _(Pauper) v Martins Bank, Limited_ [1933] AC 51 (“ _Greenwood_ ”).

These exceptions articulated in _Macmillan_ and _Greenwood_ were applied by
the High Court in _Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National
Trust & Savings Association_ [1992] 2 SLR 828 (“ _Consmat_ ”).

52 Periodic attempts have been made by the banking industry to extend the
common law obligations of its customers beyond the _Macmillan_ and _Greenwood_
duties. Such efforts have come to nought, most notably in the seminal Privy
Council case, _Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Liu Chong Hing Bank Ltd_ [1986] AC
80 (“ _Tai Hing_ ”). In that case, Lord Scarman (at 105–106) expressly
rejected the bank’s argument that “the obligations of care placed upon banks
in the management of a customer's account which the courts have recognised
have become with the development of banking business so burdensome that they
should be met by a reciprocal increase of responsibility imposed upon the
customer”. Lord Scarman with his customary acuity observed at 106:

[The banks] can increase the severity of their terms of business, and they can
use their influence, as they have in the past, to seek to persuade the
legislature that they should be granted by statute further protection. _But it
does not follow that because they may need protection as their business
expands the necessary incidents of their relationship with their customer must
also change_. The business of banking is the business not of the customer but
of the bank. They offer a service, which is to honour their customer's cheques
when drawn upon an account in credit or within an agreed overdraft limit. If
they pay out upon cheques which are not his, they are acting outside their
mandate and cannot plead his authority in justification of their debit to his
account. This is a risk of the service which it is their business to offer.
[emphasis added]

53 _However_ , while the Privy Council in _Tai Hing_ refused to extend the
customer’s common law duties any further, it also expressly accepted the
possibility that banks may, in principle, expressly impose additional duties
by contract. These twin holdings in _Tai Hing_ have now been expressly
endorsed in a number of Commonwealth jurisdictions: see _National Australia
Bank Ltd v Hokit Pty Ltd_ (1996) 39 NSWLR 377 (“ _Hokit_ ”); _Fried v National
Australia Bank Ltd_ (2001) 111 FCR 322; _National Bank of New Zealand Ltd v
Walpole and Patterson Ltd_ [1975] 2 NZLR 7; _Canadian Pacific Hotels Ltd v
Bank of Montreal_ (1987) 40 DLR (4th) 385; _Canara Bank v Canara Sales
Corporation_ [1988] LRC (Comm) 5.

54 In considering the issue of whether a customer’s common law duties extend
“thus far and no further” than those laid down in _Macmillan_ and _Greenwood_
, we do observe that, notwithstanding considerable judicial opinion elsewhere,
particularly in such major financial centres as Hong Kong and London, the
position in Singapore is somewhat obscured by the decision in _Khoo Tian Hock
v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 673. In that case, Woo Bih Li
JC (as he then was) held that business efficacy dictates that there should be
a term implied by law in a customer-banker contract such that a customer is
under a general duty not to facilitate fraud by his negligence, quite apart
from the drawing of his cheques. As Woo JC saw it, there is no reason to draw
a distinction between the drawing of cheques and other steps or omissions that
facilitate the fraud or forgery. Because no occasion arises for us to revisit
this particular issue in these proceedings, suffice it to say that a court
should be slow to intervene and imply a term in a contract as a matter of law.
It should do so only if the term to be implied is, in all the circumstances,
fair, reasonable and sound in policy: see _Crossley v Faithful & Gould
Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 4 All ER 447 at [33]–[46]. We would also respectfully
endorse the view of the New South Wales Court of Appeal in _Hokit_ , where
Mahoney P (with whom Waddell A-JA agreed) and Clarke JA declined to widen the
customer’s duty on the basis that such a duty lacked precise definition as to
its scope and content. We further add that the fact that the banking industry
has continued to flourish in the jurisdictions that have followed _Tai Hing_
notwithstanding the limited duties of banking customers demonstrates that a
reconsideration of this point is unnecessary and perhaps even undesirable. In
fact, the prevalence of conclusive evidence clauses in contracts between banks
and their customers (in order to preclude customers from asserting a claim if
they fail to notify the bank of discrepancies in their bank statements)
suggests that the banks are perfectly capable of protecting their own
interests.

55 What _is_ of critical relevance to this case is whether, notwithstanding
the position at common law, a bank may modify its customers’ common law duties
by express terms in the contract. As stated above, it is widely acknowledged
that a bank may indeed do so. For the purposes of this appeal, we are
concerned only with a specific genre of contractual terms, commonly referred
to as verification clauses or conclusive evidence clauses. In essence, these
clauses place the onus on the bank’s customers to verify their bank statements
and to notify the bank if there is any discrepancy within a certain period of
time. If the customer fails to do so, he is precluded from asserting that the
statements do not represent the true state of his accounts with the bank. In
other words, he may not make a claim against the bank for his loss. In this
regard, the Canadian courts have been at the forefront in accepting the
validity of such conclusive evidence clauses. The pioneering case is _Columbia
Graphophone Co v Union Bank of Canada_ (1916) 34 DLR 743, where Middleton J
held (at 744) that such clauses were “intended to be real agreements, and to
define the relation between the parties, and relieved the bank from all
liability”. More recently, the Canadian Supreme Court held that the
verification agreement provided the bank with a complete defence to the
action: _Arrow Transfer Co Ltd v Royal Bank of Canada_ (1972) 27 DLR (3d) 81;
see also Mark Hapgood, _Paget’s Law of Banking_ (Butterworths LexisNexis, 12th
Ed, 2003) at para 11.8, G A Weaver _et al_ , _The Law Relating to Banker and
Customer in Australia_ (Law Book Co, 2nd Ed, 1990) at para 2.160.

56 While this court has not previously had the opportunity to rule on whether
such conclusive evidence clauses are valid, the High Court has, on at least
three prior occasions, considered the issue and held that such clauses were
indeed valid. In _Consmat_ , L P Thean J (as he then was) upheld the validity
of a conclusive evidence clause, defined in the following terms:

I/We hereby undertake to verify the correctness of each statement of account
and accompanying cheques or vouchers received from you and to inform you
within seven (7) days from the receipt thereof of any discrepancies, omissions
or debits wrongly made to or inaccuracies or incorrect entries in the account
as so stated and that at the end of the said period of seven (7) days the
account as kept by you shall be conclusive evidence without any further proof
that, except as to any alleged errors so notified and any payments made on
forged or unauthorized indorsements, the account is and entries therein are
correct, and except as provided above you shall be free from all claims in
respect of the account.

Thean J (at 835, [18]) construed the term as imposing the following
responsibilities:

The exercise of verification required or contemplated by the undertaking
necessarily involves the customer examining the statement of account and the
cheques against his books and other records to see: (i) whether the exact
amounts drawn by the cheques have been debited to the account; (ii) whether
any amount paid to the bank for the credit of the account has been credited;
(iii) whether any amount has been debited to the account without his mandate;
(iv) whether any of the cheques have been forged or unauthorized; and (v)
whether there is any error in the bank crediting or debiting any sum to the
account.

In _Stephan Machinery Singapore Pte Ltd v Overseas-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR 191 (“ _Stephan Machinery_ ”), Lai Kew Chai J held the following
clause to be valid:

A statement of the customer’s account generated by the Bank’s Computer (bank
statement) will be sent to the Customer every month unless there is no
transaction during that month. The Customer shall be under a duty to examine
the entries in every bank statement and to report immediately to the Bank if
there are any errors or discrepancies. If the Customer does not within
fourteen days after the date of the bank statement object to any of the
matters contained in such statements he shall be deemed conclusively to have
accepted all the matters contained in such statement as true and accurate in
all respects. Subject to the rights of the Customer to object as aforesaid,
the bank statement shall be accepted by the Customer as conclusive evidence of
the balance in the account and of the particulars of the account.

In _Elis_ _Tjoa v United Overseas Bank_ [2003] 1 SLR 747 (“ _Elis Tjoa_ ”),
Woo JC also upheld a similar conclusive evidence clause. What sets _Elis Tjoa_
apart from the previous two cases is that this case involved an individual
(_ie_ , non-corporate) customer. It also bears mention that neither in
_Stephan Machinery_ nor in _Elis Tjoa_ did the bank return the cheques to the
customer to verify against their bank statements. We will revisit these points
at a later juncture.

57 We pause here to address some criticisms that have been levelled at this
particular line of cases upholding the validity of conclusive evidence terms.
Prof Poh Chu Chai, in his book _Law of Banker and Customer_ (LexisNexis, 5th
Ed, 2004) makes the following points. First, Prof Poh says (at p 921) that it
is difficult for anyone reading the clauses in question to realise that his
right to raise the issue of forgery is effectively being taken away. In other
words, he argues, if a bank wishes to prevent its customers from raising fraud
even if they fail to notify it of any discrepancies in their statements within
a fixed time, the bank should insert an express term to that effect. Second,
he says (at pp 897–907) that these clauses are potentially unreasonable under
s 3 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the UCTA”).
Finally, he points out (at p 922) that in _Consmat_ , Thean J had placed much
emphasis on the fact that the bank in that case had adopted the practice of
returning the cheques paid by the bank to the customer in order for it to
verify the signatures on them. Prof Poh contends that in cases where this is
not the practice (the present appeal would be such an example), there is room
for argument that a term requiring a customer to verify whether there has been
forgery is both unreasonable and unfair.

58 With respect, we do not find much persuasive force in any of these
criticisms. In relation to the first objection, it goes without saying that a
contractual term must be both wide and clear enough in its import for it to
impose an obligation on a party. The clauses reproduced above from _Consmat_
and _Stephan Machinery_ are sufficiently explicit, in our view to “bring home
to the customer either “the intended importance of the inspection he is being
expressly or impliedly invited to make”, or the fact that they are intended to
have conclusive effect against him if he raises no query, or fails to raise a
query in time, upon his bank statements”: _Tai Hing_ at 109. Contrary to what
Prof Poh is implying, it was decidedly not the view of the Privy Council in
_Tai Hing_ that such clauses should, _inter alia_ , spell out so explicitly
that the failure to report any discrepancy would necessarily bar the customer
from asserting fraud or forgery. In our opinion, if a clause is worded widely
enough to the effect that “all” discrepancies or matters will be deemed
conclusive unless reported within a reasonable time, it is not open to a
customer to argue that a fraud or forgery does not fall within the scope of
such a clause. To do otherwise would be to “approach the task of construction
with too nice a concentration upon individual words”: _Chitty on Contracts_
vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 12-044, citing _Ford v Beech_
(1848) 11 QB 852 at 866.

59 With regard to Prof Poh’s second criticism, though he correctly points out
that s 3 of the UCTA is applicable to conclusive evidence clauses, that itself
is a statement of the obvious. Section 3(1) of the UCTA mandates that terms
seeking to exclude liability in respect of the breach of one’s own contractual
obligations (which effectively is what conclusive evidence clauses do) must
satisfy the requirement of reasonableness. The Second Schedule to the UCTA
lays down a few guidelines in assisting the court’s determination of whether
such terms are reasonable; see generally _Cheshire_ _, Fifoot and Furmston’s
Law of Contract_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Singapore & Malaysian Ed, 1998) at pp
336–342.

60 The real question of whether conclusive evidence clauses can, as a matter
of principle, meet these requirements was considered with admirable lucidity
in _Consmat_ at 837, [26]. We respectfully endorse the views of Thean J that
in principle conclusive evidence clauses employed in a banker and corporate
customer relationship afford a practical and reasonable device for pragmatic
management of risk allocation. There is nothing intrinsically objectionable
about such clauses provided they are properly and reasonably defined.

61 It bears emphasis that in holding that conclusive evidence clauses if and
when properly and reasonably defined are enforceable, we restrict such a
conclusion to cases where the customers are commercial entities. In the
context of banks on the one hand (which would otherwise bear the onerous, if
not near impossible task of detecting forgeries given the advent of modern
technology) and commercial entities on the other (which only have to check
their own records), we do not find it onerous or unreasonable to place the
risk of loss on the latter if this has already been agreed upon. However, we
are not required to express a general opinion as to the reasonableness of
conclusive evidence clauses as and when applied to individuals and non-
corporate customers since the issue does not arise in the present context.
Each case will entail a careful examination of its own peculiar factual matrix
starting with a careful scrutiny of the conclusive evidence clause that is
being questioned.

62 Nor are we persuaded by Prof Poh’s third criticism that it ought to make a
difference in principle whether or not the bank has a practice of returning
the cheques paid by the bank to the customer so that the latter may verify the
signatures on them. As we observed above, neither Lai J (in _Stephan
Machinery_) nor Woo JC (in _Elis Tjoa_) viewed the failure of the bank to
return the cheques to their customers as fatal to its claim (see [56] above).
This must be correct as a matter of principle and practice. A corporate
customer will invariably possess its own debit and credit records, which it
may check to ensure that the bank statements it receives tally with its own
records. Hence, we do not see why a corporate customer which has the option of
examining its bank statements to ensure conclusively that they are accurate,
is precluded from verifying transactions simply because its bank is not in the
practice of returning such cheques or the relevant payment instructions. It
must be recognised and acknowledged that with the advent of technology and
electronic banking many types of bank accounts neither contemplate nor require
the issuance of cheques. It would clearly not accord with present commercial
reality to restrict the operation of conclusive evidence clauses to cheque
accounts and even then only to accounts where cheques are returned to the
customer. In this regard, we agree with the following observation of the
learned authors of _Ellinger’s Modern Banking Law_ , whose considered opinion
(at p 220), is that:

[B]oth _common sense_ and _good business practice_ require the bank’s customer
to verify the entries made in his account. If such a perusal is not required,
what is the object of the dispatch of a statement or of the making by the bank
of detailed entries in a pass-book? If the object is merely to inform the
customer of the amount standing to the credit of his account, it would be
sufficient to provide him periodically with a statement of his balance … If
[the customer is interested in this information], then surely the customer can
be expected to peruse the statement submitted to him with a view to detecting
errors or shortfalls! [emphasis added]

We must stress that in any event the issue of the returning of cheques simply
does not arise in the context of this case. This claim does not involve a
cheque account.

63 It is noteworthy that the employment of conclusive evidence clauses is not
peculiar to bank accounts. Such clauses may be found in guarantees or in
certificates of engineers and architects found in construction contracts. In
all these cases, it is not doubted that such conclusive evidence clauses are
valid and binding on the parties: _Ex parte Young; In re Kitchin_ (1881) 17 Ch
D 668; _Bache & Co (London) Ltd v Banque Vernes et Commerciale de Paris SA_
[1973] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 437; _Dobbs v The National Bank of Australasia Limited_
(1935) 53 CLR 643; _Lishman v Christie & Co_ (1887) 19 QBD 333 at 338; _Chip
Hua Poly-Construction Pte Ltd v Housing and Development Board_ [1998] 2 SLR
35; _Standard Chartered Bank v Neocorp International Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 345. It
istherefore abundantly clear that conclusive evidence clauses are neither
uncommon nor alien in a myriad of commercial matrices. In the end, the
relationship between a bank and its customer is governed by contract; and the
parties are at liberty to expressly agree on any peculiar arrangement to
define and determine their relationship, including the imposition of
obligations and responsibilities not usually recognised at common law. The
freedom of the parties to contract is however circumscribed by legislation
(such as the UCTA) and public policy considerations. For example, if a bank
attempted to exclude liability for the fraud of its own employees, we would
have no hesitation in declaring such a clause unreasonable and invalid.

64 Finally, it is interesting also to note that conclusive evidence clauses
now have the force of legislation in the United States. Pursuant to § 4-406(c)
of the Uniform Commercial Code (“the UCC”), a customer is obliged to exercise
reasonable promptness in examining the statement issued in order to determine
whether any payment was not authorised. If, based on the statement, a customer
should have discovered the unauthorised payment, the customer must promptly
notify the bank. According to § 4-406(d), the failure of a customer to comply
with these obligations will preclude the customer from asserting a claim
against the bank in respect of his loss. It is also pertinent to observe that
under the UCC, a bank need not return the cheques to the customer in order to
verify the bank statements, although it should certainly not dispose of them
in case a customer should request to examine them. This too is entirely
consistent with our holding at [62] above. Yet another pertinent point is that
the UCC neither envisages nor embraces an unmitigated freedom of contract.
Under § 4-406(e), if a customer can prove that the bank itself has failed to
exercise ordinary care that has caused or contributed to the customer’s loss,
the loss can be allocated between the parties.

65 It should also be pointed out that a conclusive evidence clause would come
into operation only if the statements have been effectively dispatched. The
bank bears the burden of proving this: _Ri Jong Son v Development Bank of
Singapore_ [1998] 3 SLR 64 at [53].

66 With these principles in mind, we turn to address the respondent’s defence
to the appellant’s claim. As already stated, it argues that cl 1.3(b) of the
Account Opening Conditions prevents the appellant from relying on the forgery
as it was obliged to inform the bank within a stipulated period of any
discrepancies in the bank statements; it further argues that on the basis of
_Greenwood_ , the appellant is in any event estopped from denying the validity
of the set-off.

**_The conclusive evidence clause_**

67 The conclusive evidence clause, in the Account Opening Conditions which we
have determined were properly signed by Wahjoe and Ariefin (see [43] and [44]
above), reads as follows:

1.3 The Customer hereby agrees:

…

(b) To _examine all statements of account, bank statements, printed forms,
deposit slips, credit advice notes, transaction advices and other documents_
(hereinafter in this Clause referred to collectively as “statements”)
_supplied by the Bank setting out transactions on any of the Accounts_ and
_agrees that unless the Customer objects in writing to any of the matters
contained in such statement within 14 days of the date of such statement_ ,
the Customer _shall be deemed conclusively to have accepted all the matters
contained in such statement as true and accurate_ in all respects … [emphasis
added]

68 The clause imposes two concurrent duties on a customer. First, the customer
is obliged to examine all statements issued by the bank setting out the
transactions involving the accounts it has with the bank. The customer is to
check whether all debits or credits to its accounts as reflected in the
statements are accurate and have been properly authorised. The customer should
also compare the bank statements against its own financial records in order to
ascertain if there are any discrepancies. Secondly, should any inaccuracies or
discrepancies appear in the bank statements, or the slightest suspicion that
sums have been debited without proper authorisation prevail, it is incumbent
on the customer to write to the bank within 14 days from the date of the bank
statements to dispute their contents. If the customer fails to do so, the bank
is legally entitled (though not compelled) to treat the bank statements as
conclusive evidence of “all the matters” contained in the statements. This
includes, _inter alia_ , the particulars of any transactions stated therein,
the amounts debited and credited, the balance indicated and/or any indication
in the statement that the account is subject to some form of security or
charge or lien.

69 As such, we are satisfied that the ambit of the phrase “unless the Customer
objects in writing to _any_ of the matters contained in such statement … the
customer shall be deemed conclusively to have accepted _all_ the matters
contained in such statement” is wide enough to exonerate the respondent from
the consequences of a fraud perpetrated on the appellant, if the latter fails
to notify it of the relevant discrepancy within the stipulated period from the
date of the relevant bank statements. In other words, if the respondent can
show that it had properly issued (and despatched) bank statements reflecting
the appellant’s drawdown, the appellant is bound by the fact that it failed to
point out the alleged discrepancy within 14 days of the issuance of the
statements. We also find that the period of time given for objections to be
raised (on the basis the statements are immediately despatched) is reasonable
and does not impose too harsh a burden on the appellant. The appellant is a
commercial entity and would have had little trouble in checking its bank
statements if it were so inclined. Having further regard to the Second
Schedule to the UCTA (see [59] above), we also find that there is no evidence
suggesting that the parties were not on equal bargaining terms or that the
appellant had been coerced or induced into entering into the contract or,
indeed, that it had no knowledge of the terms of the Account Opening
Conditions. Indeed, in this regard counsel for the appellant never suggested
or submitted that the UCTA should apply to vitiate the conclusive evidence
clause in the Account Opening Conditions.

70 There can be no dispute that the appellant failed to inform the respondent
of any discrepancies in the bank statements at any material time. Moreover,
the appellant displayed absolutely no interest in examining its accounts from
the outset. The bank statements had been issued both immediately after the
drawdown on (12 March 2002) and at regular intervals in the following months;
only they were retained, in the first instance, by the respondent as
instructed on 18 Feb 2002 and later directed to Ariefin’s residential address
pursuant to instructions on 18 March 2002. If the appellant’s officers had
examined any of the relevant bank statements they would have noticed the
_single_ glaring debit entry arising from the drawdown. Given our finding that
these instructions had not been forged, the appellant must bear the legal
consequences of Ariefin, an authorised signatory, diverting its correspondence
to his home address. Then, we find, as more fully discussed below at
[74]–[84], even despite having knowledge that its account was subject to a
charge and that a drawdown had been made on its credit facility probably as
early as in February 2002 (if not, by June 2002 at the latest), the appellant
did not see fit to call for and verify its bank statements. It was only in
October 2002 that a request was made to the respondent to provide details of
the appellant’s deposit and credit facility pursuant to an internal audit.
Subsequently, notwithstanding the internal audit team’s report dated 30
December 2002 to “really put efforts to avoid company loss”, the appellant
took no action until 9 April 2003 when it attempted to terminate its account
with the respondent. The management of the appellant was both wanton and
lacking in seeking to protect its own interests. The appellant’s failure to
inform the respondent of its already prevalent concerns and grave misgivings
in relation to the operation of the account is incomprehensible and absolutely
indefensible. Why did the appellant allow the situation to deteriorate
irremediably? Did it hope against all odds that despite serious doubts and
misgivings about Dedy he would nonetheless make good his “promises” to return
the “loan”?

71 In the circumstances, we hold that cl 1.3(b) of the Account Opening
Conditions operated to exonerate the respondent from any liability in respect
of acting on the forged documents leading to the drawdown. Our finding on this
issue is sufficient to dispose of this appeal, but out of deference to
counsel’s efforts, we shall also deal with the alternative defence of estoppel
invoked by the respondent.

**_The estoppel_**

72 We now turn to the respondent’s alternative stance: that the appellant is
in any event estopped from asserting that the drawdown was invalid and a
nullity. In _Greenwood_ , the House of Lords held that in order for estoppel
to succeed, three conditions must prevail: (a) a representation or conduct
amounting to representation intended to induce a course of action on the part
of the person to whom the representation was made; (b) an act or omission
resulting from the representation by the person to whom the representation was
made; and (c) detriment to such person as a consequence of the act or
omission. It was also declared that silence can indeed amount to a
representation if there is an existing duty to disclose knowledge. In essence,
where the customer has actual knowledge of any forgery or unauthorised
issuance of payment instructions and fails to inform the bank accordingly, the
customer is prevented from raising the forgery.

73 The first fact to establish is whether the appellant knew of the
unauthorised credit facility. We are satisfied that it did. While it is
debatable precisely when that knowledge was acquired by the appellant, we find
that the appellant must have known probably as early as in February 2002 and,
in any event, certainly by December 2002. Our finding is premised on the
following facts.

74 As early as in February 2002, Wahjoe signed both the 18 February 2002
resolution purporting to accept the credit facility as well as the credit
facility letters themselves. As Wahjoe himself admitted to the Pertamina
internal audit team, he was aware of the terms of the credit facilities. In
fact, Wahjoe had, according to his own evidence, questioned Ariefin regularly
about the approval of that facility since he signed those documents. Moreover,
these particular credit facilities were clearly sought for the sole purpose of
securing the moneys to be remitted to Aceasia. It also bears mention that the
Pertamina internal audit team, after inquiring into all the relevant
circumstances, concluded:

(a) “… there is a real intention directly or indirectly from Petral’s [the
appellant’s] officer to do the investment and fund conversion” [_sic_];

(b) Wahjoe was either “directly or indirectly … involved in the collaboration
of Petral’s [the appellant’s] fund conversion with amount of US$8 million”;
and

(c) Ariefin’s instructions for the set-off clearly meant that the appellant
acknowledged the loan.

It is noteworthy that the appellant did not produce this investigation report
in discovery. The respondent obtained it from other sources. In the result, we
are satisfied that, at the very least, Wahjoe, and hence the appellant, must
be deemed to have known of the credit facilities and the intended remittance
to Aceasia as early as in February 2002.

75 When the drawdown was effected on 5 March 2002, the terms of the loan were
spelled out in a letter dated 12 March 2002. The bank pursuant to the
appellant’s instructions retained this letter. Bank statements were also
issued on a regular monthly basis thereafter, although they were retained by
the respondent pursuant to the “hold mail” arrangement and later directed to
Ariefin’s residential address. It is incontrovertible that Ariefin received
these statements. Indeed, Wahjoe’s evidence stipulates that Ariefin admitted
receiving these statements. Had any of the appellant’s officers and Wahjoe in
particular expressed any interest or exercised even a modicum of care in
safeguarding its interests, the appellant ought to have realised something was
seriously amiss. We categorically reject Wahjoe’s rather paltry attempts to
minimise both his role and knowledge of Ariefin’s deception. The Pertamina
internal audit team rightly concluded that Wahjoe was “directly or indirectly
involved” in the “conversion … of US$8million”. The facts speak for
themselves.

76 Subsequently, sometime in June 2002, Wahjoe was informed by Ariefin that
the appellant’s deposit could not be transferred because of a structural
arrangement. Lim confirmed this over the phone. In his own words, Wahjoe
admitted that while he was uncertain about the exact arrangement between the
appellant and Aceasia, he appreciated that the deposit was subject to a
restriction until 15 March 2003 (see [26] above). It is pertinent to reproduce
a brief extract of Wahjoe’s responses elicited in the course of cross-
examination in connection with this issue.

Q: So in June 2002, you knew that this money that [the appellant] had with
Credit Suisse could not be transferred because of some arrangement between
[the appellant], Credit Suisse and Aceasia; correct?

A: Yes.

Q: We talk very coyly [about] some arrangement but if it is your money you are
entitled to take it out unless it is subject to some kind of lien or pledge or
charge; right?

A: That’s right.

….

Q: Can you agree with me that the only possibility, based on what [Ariefin]
told you, the only possibility is that in some way your money was used for
Aceasia, based on what he told you?

A: That was what I was concerned about…

Q: The answer to my question is “yes”, correct?

A: Yes, because I was concerned about that.

77 It is clear to us that this is tantamount to an admission that Wahjoe knew
about the charge over the appellant’s deposit, the drawdown of the credit
facilities and that the money from the drawdown was to be remitted to Aceasia.
That this was indeed Wahjoe’s understanding is further confirmed by his
subsequent admission to the Pertamina internal audit team that he had arranged
to meet Dedy on 18 and 22 July 2002 in order to seek “clarification,
[regarding] contract and liabilities and responsibility of Aceasia”. Again,
when on 9 August 2002 Wahjoe met Dedy, Dedy had explicitly told Wahjoe that
the appellant’s deposit could not be transferred because it was being used as
a “contract guarantee” between the appellant and Aceasia. The contents of this
meeting were then reported to the other key officers of the appellant. If, as
the appellant tenuously contends, it had not the faintest inkling that
something was amiss, there would have been no need for Wahjoe’s urgent and
persistent meetings with Dedy. Nor would it have been necessary to report the
matter to the other key officers (see [25] above). We should also point out
that Wahjoe met Dedy once again on 17 March 2003 when he could not reach Lim
to discuss the status of the appellant’s deposit (see [28] above). This
completely undermines Wahjoe’s purported ignorance of Dedy’s involvement in
the structural arrangement that Ariefin and Lim had adverted to earlier.

78 Additionally, it bears mention that Wahjoe was informed by Ariefin of the
Asset Management Agreement between Aceasia and the appellant sometime in late
August or early September 2002. Wahjoe had even perused a copy of this
agreement. It is pertinent that, under cross-examination, Wahjoe admitted that
it was clear from the agreement that US$8m had been placed with Aceasia. That
might explain why he also admitted that he had discussed the agreement with
Hassan in September 2002.

79 In the meantime, in August 2002, the finance division of Pertamina
contacted Ariefin and asked for all documents relating to the respondent and
Aceasia. Subsequently, the internal auditor wrote to the respondent through
Ariefin requesting information in a letter dated 21 October 2002. It is useful
to reproduce the relevant contents of the letter:

Regarding to our assignment to audit Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd (Petral), we
would like to have your confirmation and detail information on:

a. Petral’s deposit in Credit Suisse Bank Singapore Branch Ac. No. … related
to Asset Management Agreement no. … between Petral and Aceasia dated February
27th, 2002. Please inform us the latest balance of the account and we would
like to confirm that the abovementioned deposit has no restriction or being
guaranteed for Aceasia’s business.

b. Agreement between Aceasia and Credit Suisse Bank Singapore Branch related
to Petral Deposit as stated in Asset Agreement between Petral and Aceasia. If
it is possible would you please provide us with a copy of the agreement.

[emphasis added]

This letter starkly demonstrates that Pertamina’s internal audit team also
knew by that point of an arrangement between Aceasia and the appellant that
involved the appellant’s deposit with the respondent.

80 There is some dispute over whether the respondent actually responded to
this request. According to counsel for the appellant, the respondent
despatched a faxed letter dated 23 October 2002 signed by Lim in response to
the request. This letter did not provide any documentation in relation to the
account and merely reiterated that the appellant’s deposit stood at
approximately US$9m. In fact, the letter was worded somewhat tersely, stating
that it was “ludicrous” that the appellant’s internal auditors should ask the
respondent for the Asset Management Agreement, given that it was signed by the
appellant and Aceasia. Counsel for the respondent on the other hand drew our
attention to a letter dated 8 November 2002 which was signed by the
respondent’s head of operations and head of operations control. The letter
complied with the appellant’s internal auditor’s request (see [79] above) and
even enclosed a bank statement as of 31 October 2002 showing the drawdown. The
appellant now denies ever having received this particular letter.

81 We do not need to concern ourselves too much with whether the appellant’s
or respondent’s summary of events in relation to this issue is correct. We do
however find that the respondent must at some point have responded to the
appellant’s internal auditor whether through the letter dated 8 November 2002
or otherwise. This is because an internal memo written by the head of the
internal audit team dated 30 December 2002 recommended that the appellant’s
management:

really put efforts to _avoid company’s loss_ by being responsible and judging
the best for company and considering all the risks would still be at [the
appellant’s] management, and also [the appellant’s management] keep on
continuing the efforts optimally in securing the asset of US$9m by looking at
legal and financial aspect. [emphasis added]

It is difficult to escape the conclusion that the internal audit team had in
fact concluded that the appellant’s account with the respondent was at risk
and that there was a possibility of some loss. The “loss” mentioned in the
report must be an allusion to the drawdown, or at the very least is evidence
of knowledge that the account was subject to a charge. It is axiomatic that
the appellant’s internal audit team would not have known the state of the
appellant’s account with the respondent if the respondent had failed to
respond to the internal audit team’s request for information in the first
place.

82 Even more illuminating are Wahjoe’s responses to queries made by the
internal audit team in April 2003. We reproduce just three of these questions.

75\. When was this case revealed by Petral and what was the reaction of
Petral’s President and Finance VP Petral towards this case? Did you see any
cooperation between the President and Finance VP to settle this case?

75\. It was revealed at the _end of June 2002_ (By not shifting the fund in
CSFB to BNI Gambir).

76\. Why the management seemed [_sic_] very slow in securing the investment in
partnership with Aceasia, because the Pertamina’s Internal Audit report (Ref.
Memo Head of Internal Audit No. … dated 30 December 2002 has recommended
Petral’s Management to really put efforts to avoid company’s loss by being
responsible and judging the best for company and considering all the risks
would still be at [_sic_] Petral’s Management, and also Petral’s Management
keep on continuing the efforts optimally in securing the asset of US$9million
by looking at legal and financial aspect?

76\. Petral must be very careful in settling this case, so it won’t create an
open case, remembering Petral’s position as “High Level Trader” in Singapore.
The internal steps continued to proceed, followed by using “Law Firm”
Singapore in attempt to get the US$8 million.

…

82\. Did you realize with the order of off-setting means that Petral
acknowledged about the loan but the fact was that Petral never took the loan?

82\. To CSFB the Loan Petral is legit. According to police, Singapore law
underlines every loan taken that dues [_sic_] will be automatically disbursed.

[emphasis added]

There was no doubt in the minds of the appellant’s internal audit team that
the appellant knew about the loan, at the latest, by June 2002. In fact, the
internal audit team went further and observed that the order to set off the
loan against the appellant’s account was a representation that the loan was
legitimate. Most resonant, in our view, is Wahjoe’s deafening silence
throughout the interview, in respect of whether he ever informed the
respondent of his knowledge that there was a possible forgery involving the
appellant’s deposit account with the respondent.

83 The inexorable inferences to be drawn from these facts are (a) that the
appellant must have known that its account with the respondent was subject to
a charge, (b) that a drawdown had been made on the credit facility, and (c)
that the Asset Management Agreement with Aceasia had been acted on. Yet,
despite both the appellant’s and Wahjoe’s grave and profound misgivings, at no
point did the appellant deign to inform the respondent that these transactions
were irregular, improper or unauthorised.

84 Counsel for the appellant tried to deflect these inferences by pointing out
that Wahjoe had called Lim on at least two occasions to try and ascertain what
had happened. As we have noted above, at [28], there is no evidence that these
conversations between Lim and Wahjoe even occurred in the first place. In any
event, even taking the appellant’s case at its highest, the fact remains that
Wahjoe did not take the extra, necessary and indeed critical step to inform
the respondent of what he must surely have known by then: namely that a
fraudulent scheme had been perpetrated by Ariefin and Dedy. The alarm bells
had sounded loud and clear but Wahjoe did nothing to alert the respondent
about the information he possessed or the concerns he entertained. The evident
scepticism and probing questions within the internal audit team report as to
why the appellant had been gravely remiss in resolving the matter speaks
volumes.

85 Our conclusion that the appellant chose to keep silent, knowing by June
2002 (if not earlier) that a fraud had been perpetrated, does not by itself
satisfy the requirements of estoppel. The third and critical criterion for the
defence to apply requires that the failure of the party who remained silent
must have caused detriment to the party relying on the estoppel. The party
relying on the estoppel must (a) plead and identify what steps it would have
taken and (b) prove that it would have had a real chance of protecting or
improving its situation and that it would have taken that chance: see _Fung
Kai Sun v Chan Fui Hing_ [1951] AC 489 at 505–506; _Scottish Equitable plc v
Derby_ [2000] 3 All ER 793; see also Piers Feltham, Daniel Hochberg and Tom
Leech, _Spencer Bower’s The Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation_
(LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at para V.5.5. It is in relation to the third
criterion that the respondent’s submission on estoppel must fail. First and
foremost, the respondent omitted to plead this point in its defence. It is
futile to argue, as counsel for the respondent has attempted to, that the
_appellant_ had failed to raise this point in the court below therefore
denying it (the respondent) the opportunity to amend its pleadings. The onus
remains on the respondent (or any party for that matter) to plead its case
fully and properly. Second, we are not satisfied that in this case, the
respondent did, in fact, lead satisfactory evidence demonstrating that its
chances of recovering the loan moneys from either Aceasia or Dedy (or even
Lim) had been materially prejudiced by the appellant’s silence, thereby
causing it to suffer detriment. Indeed, upon the drawdown of the appellant’s
account, the moneys were promptly transferred out of the jurisdiction. To that
extent, the respondent’s bare and unsubstantiated assertion that the
respondent would have taken action had it known of the forgery falls far short
of discharging the burden to show that the appellant stood a “real chance” of
recovering the moneys. Accordingly, the defence of estoppel must fail.

**Conclusion**

86 While we are of the view that the evidence necessitates the dismissal of
this appeal, we wish to point out that Lim’s conduct in this case bordered
precariously on negligence. Had the appellant pleaded and properly pressed a
case for contributory negligence, it would have required little persuasion to
apportion liability. Lim, as the evidence amply illustrates, was only too
eager to please his clients. However, he was, in the final analysis, more
naïve than knave. He appended his signature as a witness to the sealing of the
charge despite being physically absent from the sealing. He indicated that he
had viewed the original passports of the appellant’s directors even though he
had only seen the faxed copies. Furthermore, notwithstanding that the
appellant and Aceasia constituted two separate and distinct legal and
corporate identities, his point of contact was often Dedy. In fact, despite
earlier internal concerns that the proper parties did not sign the documents,
he continued blithely to get Dedy (and perhaps Ariefin) to obtain the
signatures of the appellant’s directors for the ratification resolution rather
than contact the directors directly. Lamentably, the respondent appears to
have been somewhat remiss in the conduct of its relationship with the
appellant. Due to the lack of proper supervision, Lim took unwarranted
liberties. It must be recognised that a bank officer is more than a mere
conduit and that he is accountable for each and every responsibility he owes
both to the bank as well as its customers.

87 Nonetheless, these facts do not attest to Lim being a party to the fraud or
having knowledge of the fraud. This was a finding of fact by the trial judge
that we are loath to interfere with. We also accept the trial judge’s finding
that the irregularities in some of the documents did not put the respondent on
notice. Thus, while Lim’s conduct has caused us some disquiet, it does not
attract legal consequences in these proceedings.

88 In the circumstances, while we find that the key documents leading to the
drawdown were nullities, the defence successfully raised by the respondent in
respect of the conclusive evidence clause precludes the appellant from
asserting the forgery. We do, however, hold that the elements of estoppel not
being satisfied, such a defence must fail. Since the defences are pleaded in
the alternative, the appeal is dismissed with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

_Appeal dismissed_

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

