Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Volkswagen Financial Services Singapore Ltd v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 48

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 2/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Lian Kee (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the petitioner; Lee Lit Cheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Volkswagen Financial Services Singapore Ltd — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Confiscation and forfeiture – Whether
court can order forfeiture due to seriousness of offence – Section 4 Road
Vehicles (Special Powers) Act (Cap 277, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Whether hardship
caused by forfeiture attracting criminal revision – Applicable principles  
  
Words and Phrases – "Shall" – Sections 4(1), 4(3) Road Vehicles (Special
Powers) Act (Cap 277, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

21 March 2006

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was a petition by Volkswagen Financial Services Singapore Ltd (“VFS”)
seeking criminal revision of the order for forfeiture of a Mazda 323 motor car
(“the vehicle”) bearing registration number SDN 2364 R, on 15 February 2006,
pursuant to the Prosecution’s application under s 4 of the Road Vehicles
(Special Powers) Act (Cap 277, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). I dismissed the
petition and now give my reasons.

**Background facts**

2 The petitioner, VFS, was the owner of the vehicle and entered into a hire
purchase agreement on 28 July 2004 with one Yogeswari d/o Thiagarajan
(“Yogeswari”).

3 Between 28 July 2004 to 5 August 2004, Yogeswari’s husband, one Balamurukan
s/o Kuppusamy (“Balamurukan”), used the vehicle to commit the offences of
robbery (s 392 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)), theft (s 379 of the
Penal Code) and snatch theft (s 356 read with s 34 of the Penal Code).
Balamurukan subsequently faced 15 charges for these offences, as well as for
driving whilst under disqualification and driving without insurance.

4 He pleaded guilty to these offences and had been sentenced on 17 August 2005
to seven years of corrective training, 18 strokes of the cane and
disqualification from driving for 16 years from the date of his release from
prison.

**The petitioner’s case**

5 VFS submitted that the court retained the discretion to make a forfeiture
order. The court should apply _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 273 which
interpreted s 20 of the Environmental Public Health Act (Cap 95, 1988 Rev Ed)
(“the 1988 EPHA”) which has since been repealed, and held that the court had a
discretion to forfeit or release the vehicle. It contended that _Toh Teong
Seng v PP_ was a case on all fours with the present and s 4 of the Act was
materially identical to s 20 of the 1988 EPHA. In particular, VFS submitted
that as s 4(3) of the Act referred to the discretion of the “court before
which the prosecution with regard to the scheduled offence has been held”, it
cannot refer to the instances under ss 4(4) and 4(6) which were instances
“without prosecution”. Therefore, s 4(3) effectively referred to forfeiture
under s 4(1). I will have occasion to return to this point later.

6 VFS also claimed that it was entirely innocent of wrongdoing, was an
innocent third party, had no knowledge of the use of the vehicle in the
commission of the offence, and did not benefit from the commission of the
offence.

7 Further, VFS argued that the forfeiture would not have any deterrent effect
whatsoever since the wrongdoer was not the person who suffered loss as a
result of the forfeiture. To allow forfeiture would amount to imposing an
additional fine which was out of proportion in the circumstances.

**The respondent’s case**

8 The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) submitted that the trial judge was
correct in holding that forfeiture under s 4(1) of the Act was mandatory. _Toh
Teong Seng v PP_ did not apply because s 4 of the Act was not similarly worded
as s 20 of the 1988 EPHA. The DPP argued that this difference in wording was
significant because without specifically referring to s 4(1) of the Act, there
was no conflict between ss 4(1) and 4(3) of the Act.

9 Moreover, a perusal of the parliamentary debates clearly showed that the
Legislature intended forfeiture under s 4(1) of the Act to be mandatory.

**Principles of revision**

10 As I observed in _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v PP_ [2004] 4 SLR 475 at [14]:

The High Court’s revisionary powers are conferred by s 23 of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) and s 268 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). It is established law that such
powers of revision are discretionary and must be exercised sparingly. The test
laid down by the courts is whether the failure to exercise revisionary powers
will result in serious injustice being done. No precise definition of what
constitutes serious injustice is possible. However, it must generally be shown
that there was something palpably wrong in the decision by the court below,
which strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power: see _Ang Poh
Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, followed in _Magnum Finance Bhd v PP_ [1996] 2
SLR 523 and _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 762.

11 A wide discretion is vested with the High Court in the exercise of its
revisionary powers. It is thus axiomatic that if the trial court had erred in
ordering forfeiture to the extent that there was a fundamental error
occasioning clear failure of justice, the High Court could exercise
revisionary jurisdiction.

**The decision below**

12 The trial judge held that forfeiture was mandatory for a vehicle seized by
the police once the preconditions of s 4(1) of the Act were proved to the
satisfaction of the court and the Attorney-General chose to make the
application for forfeiture.

13 The offences committed by Balamurukan fell within para 1(_i_) of the
Schedule under the Act, in particular, Chapter XVII of the Penal Code
(comprising ss 378 to 462). Since the vehicle had been used in the commission
of a scheduled offence and had since been seized by the police, and the
Attorney-General had made a written application for forfeiture, there was no
vestige of doubt that the elements of s 4(1) of the Act had been made out.

14 The issue before me, therefore, was whether it was mandatory or
discretionary for the court to order the forfeiture.

15 The trial judge relied on two reasons to distinguish _Toh Teong Seng v PP_
(see _Volkswagen Financial Services Singapore Ltd v PP_ [2006] SGDC 18).
First, the trial judge opined (at [19]) that unlike s 20(5) of the 1988 EPHA
which applied to vehicles liable to forfeiture under s 20(4), s 4(3) of the
Act was a power of release referable to _the whole of s 4_ of the Act. Owing
to this crucial distinction, the power of release within s 4(3) of the Act
would not be rendered superfluous if the word “shall” in s 4(1) was used in
its mandatory sense.

16 Second, the trial judge stated (at [20]) that the forfeiture in _Toh Teong
Seng v PP_ was out of all proportion to the minor offences prosecuted under
the 1988 EPHA. This rationale was not relevant to the case at hand. The
offences listed in the Schedule to the Act are serious ones.

17 Further, the trial judge relied on s 9A(2)(_a_) of the Interpretation Act
(Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) which allows the courts to have regard to extrinsic
materials such as Parliamentary speeches to confirm that the meaning of the
provision is the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision. The
Parliamentary debates found in favour of a mandatory forfeiture. I will rule
on this particular point later.

**The appeal**

18 As _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ was a pivotal case in this appeal, it necessitated
closer examination. In _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ , I held that the word “shall” in
s 20(4) of the 1988 EPHA was used in the directory sense, _ie_ , there was a
discretion to make a forfeiture order. In particular, I sought to reconcile
the differences in wording under ss 20(4) and 20(5) of the 1988 EPHA which
read:

(4) _A court_ on convicting any person of an offence under subsection (1)
_shall_ , _on the written application of the Public Prosecutor_ , make an
order for the forfeiture of the vehicle which has been used in the commission
of the offence notwithstanding that no person may have been convicted of that
offence.

(5) An order for the forfeiture or for the release of a vehicle liable to
forfeiture _under subsection (4)_ _may be made by the court_ before which the
prosecution with regard to an offence under subsection (1) has been or will be
held.

[emphasis added]

19 Sections 20(4) and 20(5) of the 1988 EPHA were similarly worded to ss 4(1)
and (3) of the Act respectively. The latter two provisions read:

(1) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of a court that a road vehicle has
been used in the commission of a scheduled offence or that any scheduled
offence has been committed in respect of the road vehicle or in respect of any
article found in the road vehicle or on any person found therein, or that a
road vehicle has been used to convey persons to the scene where the scheduled
offence has been committed, or that a road vehicle has been used for the
escape or to facilitate the escape of any persons from the scene of a
scheduled offence _and_ that the road vehicle has been seized by the police,
_the court shall, on the written application of the Attorney-General_ , make
an order for the forfeiture of the road vehicle, notwithstanding that no
person may have been convicted of any scheduled offence.

…

(3) An order for the forfeiture or for the release of a road vehicle liable to
forfeiture _under this section may be made by the court_ before which the
prosecution with regard to the scheduled offence has been held.

[emphasis added]

20 At a peripheral glance, the parallels between these provisions were
apparent. They contained an intrinsic contradiction through the draftsman’s
use of the words “shall” (which is mandatory) and “may” (which is directory).
However, on closer analysis, these similarities may well indeed be more
apparent than real. First, the wordings are not identical. Second, the Act in
question has more conditions in place. Third, the forfeiture order in _Toh
Teong Seng v PP_ was set aside because a forfeiture was disproportionate to
the offence. I will now deal with these points _seriatim_.

**_The wordings in the two provisions are not_ inpari materia**

21 In _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ , I stated at 280, [38] that, “Section 20 is, to
put it mildly, not very well drafted.” Further, I added at 281, [39] that:

Subsection (4) states that the court ‘shall’ make an order for forfeiture if
the written application is made. However, sub-s (5) allows the court to make
an order for the release of the vehicle notwithstanding that it is ‘liable to
forfeiture under sub-s (4).’ _Since there is only one instance when the court
can order forfeiture of the vehicle under sub-s (4), that is on the written
application of the Public Prosecutor, this suggests that sub-s (5) is granting
the court the discretion whether to forfeit the vehicle._ Subsection (5) is
therefore irreconcilable with sub-s (4) if the word ‘shall’ in sub-s (4) is
used in the mandatory sense. This points to the conclusion that the word
‘shall’ in sub-s (4) is used in the directory sense. [emphasis added]

22 In deciding this appeal, it was my view that s 20(5) of the 1988 EPHA
specifically limited the Court’s power to forfeit a road vehicle to s 20(4).
On the contrary, s 4(3) of the Act allowed the court’s power of forfeiture to
extend to the entire s 4.

23 I should add that a similar linguistic conundrum exists in s 4 of the Act
because s 4(1) contains the word “shall”, while s 4(3) contains the word
“may”. Thus, s 4 is equally badly drafted. As shown above, there was only one
instance when the court could order forfeiture under the 1988 EPHA, _ie_ ,
under s 20(4). Thus, there was specific reference to s 20(4) which contained
the word “shall”. This resulted in a direct contradiction and conflict between
the words “shall” in s 20(4) and “may” in s 20(5), and prompted a
reconciliation of the divergence. In contrast, I found such palpable tension
to be absent under the Act in question. Section 4(3) allows the court to
forfeit or release the vehicle made under the entire s 4, not just a
subsection.

24 I should also mention that if Parliament intended the court’s power under s
4(3) of the Act to be limited to s 4(1), it would have expressly drafted so,
instead of referring to the entire section. Even if I accord s 4(3) its
implied meaning, in the interest of justice, _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ should be
distinguished. After all, that case dealt with a lorry dumping waste on state
land and there was no necessity to go to the extreme measure of forfeiture,
while the present case dealt with more serious offences which threatened
social security and encompassed larger policy concerns.

25 I later expressed in _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ at 281, [40]:

Furthermore, a reading of sub-ss (6), (7) and (8) reveals that if no
prosecution is made, the owner of the vehicle may make a claim for the
vehicle. However, if a prosecution is mounted, there is no provision for the
owner of the vehicle to make a claim for it notwithstanding that there is no
conviction. _This suggests that the court should have the discretion whether
to release the vehicle or order its forfeiture in such a case, especially
since the alleged offender is not necessarily the owner and the prosecution
may be frivolous_. [emphasis added]

26 In the case at hand, I noted that ss 4(4), 4(5) and 4(6) of the Act were
also materially identical to ss 20(6), 20(7) and 20(8) of the 1988 EPHA. I was
of the view that the fears brewing in _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ as expressed in
the preceding paragraph were unfounded in the present case. Over the years,
the courts have developed a trend towards making finance and car rental
companies responsible when entering into hire purchase or rental agreements
for their vehicles. It was incumbent on them to take more precautions.
Although VFS was not the offender, this did not justify any serious injustice
that warranted the court’s exercise of its revisionary powers. Owing to the
checks and balances provided by the more stringent and onerous prerequisites
of s 4(1) of the Act, there is no cause for worry that the prosecution would
be frivolous.

**_There are more conditions to satisfy under s 4(1) of the Act_**

27 Conviction was the only prerequisite under s 20(4) of the 1988 EPHA. On the
other hand, s 4(1) of the Act lays down three preconditions before the court
can make a forfeiture order, _ie_ , the vehicle must be used in connection
with a scheduled offence, the police must seize the vehicle and the Attorney-
General must apply for forfeiture. I found that given the stringent
preconditions that had to be satisfied before the court could grant a
forfeiture, it would be egregious if the court’s power to forfeit was not
mandatory, but discretionary. Compared with s 20 of the 1988 EPHA, there are
more conditions in s 4(1) of the Act to fulfil and this raised the threshold
of the grant of a forfeiture order. Naturally, the compliance with these
conditions justified the mandatory grant of forfeiture.

28 In my view, it was imperative to make the forfeiture order mandatory on the
written application of the Prosecution and upon the fulfilment of the three
conditions. To argue otherwise would render s 4(1) nugatory and defeat the
underlying objectives of imposing the three conditions, which are in
themselves already difficult to fulfil.

**_Would allowing the forfeiture order be disproportionate to the relevant
maximum punishment?_**

29 The Act is a specifically enacted provision that deals only with the
question of forfeiture of road vehicles. It encompasses three preconditions
that had to be satisfied before an application to forfeit can be brought.
Section 6 of the Act states that, “Any person who contravenes of [_sic_]
_fails to comply with the provisions of this Act_ shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or to both.” [emphasis added]

30 In _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ , the forfeiture order was made under s 20 of the
1988 EPHA. Unlike the Act in question, the 1988 EPHA did not deal solely with
forfeiture. The maximum penalty conferred for s 20 of the 1988 EPHA was found
in s 21(1) of the 1988 EPHA which read:

Any person _who commits an offence under section 18, 19, or 20_ may be
arrested without warrant by any police officer, public health officer or
public officer authorised in writing in that behalf by the Commissioner and
taken before a Magistrate’s Court and shall be liable on conviction to _a fine
not exceeding $1,000_ and in the case of a second or subsequent conviction to
a fine not exceeding $2,000. [emphasis added]

31 In _Toh Teong Seng v PP_ , I set aside the forfeiture order because “the
value of a vehicle such as the one in this case easily exceeds $100,000.
Ordering its forfeiture would amount to imposing an additional fine exceeding
$100,000 on the appellant in addition to the $800 already imposed. That would
be quite wrong.”: at 281–282, [42]. It should be noted that under the 1988
EPHA, the penalty for breaching s 20(1) under s 21 was a fine of $1,000.
Subsequent revised editions increased the penalty to $10,000 or imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both and later, $50,000 or
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both. The vast jump from
$1,000 to $50,000 demonstrates Parliament’s emphasis on reducing the number of
cars on hire purchase being used to bring criminal activities to fruition. The
persistent violation of this warning will be sternly dealt with.

32 In the present case, s 6 of the Act deals with one who does not comply with
the Act. Besides, as I have previously observed that the Act is a specific
provision on forfeiture, it would be quixotic on my part to simply look at the
penalties under s 6 of the Act. Instead, it was a wiser choice to be armed
with a broader policy perspective and focus on the offences which were
committed using the vehicle in question.

33 I underscored the importance of considering whether forfeiture was
proportionate to both the gravity of the offence committed and the maximum
punishment provided under the forfeiture statute in _Magnum Finance Bhd v PP_
([10] _supra_) at 532, [38]:

Finally, I note that the district judge did not consider whether forfeiture
would have been proportionate to the gravity of the offence, or to the maximum
punishment provided for under s 140 of the Charter. In arguing that forfeiture
was necessary as a deterrent, the DPP also suggested that this was because the
offence committed was a serious one. A maximum sentence of $10,000 or five
years’ imprisonment may be imposed by the court under s 140. The accused was
fined $8,000. _The offence in question was not even considered sufficiently
serious to warrant a custodial sentence_ , let alone the maximum fine of
$10,000. _This only creates further doubt as to whether forfeiture was
appropriate_. [emphasis added]

34 I considered the maximum punishments that Balamurukan could have been
accorded. Under s 356 of the Penal Code, the maximum imprisonment was seven
years for snatch theft. Under s 379 of the Penal Code, the maximum
imprisonment was three years for theft. Under s 392 of the Penal Code, the
maximum imprisonment was ten years and the minimum for caning was six strokes.
A notable thread running through the offences Balamurukan was convicted of was
how grave, serious and severe they were. Looked at in this light, therefore,
it was clear that forfeiture in the present case was proper.

35 The courts should not be too quick in indulging and condoning such
pernicious acts. In the circumstances, forfeiting the vehicle would not be
disproportionate to the offences committed. There was evidently no serious
injustice. I was of the view that forfeiture was appropriate due to the grave
nature of the offences.

**Responsibility of finance companies**

36 As I accentuated in _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v PP_ ([10] _supra_) at [25]:

Finance companies are responsible for the use of their vehicles and for
protecting themselves against loss of their vehicles. Finance companies are
well aware of the commercial risk associated with lending out vehicles on hire
purchase. Therefore, they should inquire more carefully about the customer’s
occupation and place of work. If finance companies find difficulty in keeping
watch on the use of their vehicles, they should insure themselves against the
loss of their vehicles and, if they so desire, have the customer pay the cost
of the insurance premiums.

37 The absence of criminal involvement by the petitioner was irrelevant. I
observed in _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_ ([10] _supra_) at [11] that:

The petitioner claimed that as an innocent party it was unjustifiable that
they be penalised. However, I made clear in _Public Finance Bhd v PP_ [1997] 3
SLR 354, _PP v Mayban Finance (Singapore) Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 462 and _PP v M/s
Serve You Motor Services_ [1996] 1 SLR 669 that, even though the court
sympathised with the owners, forfeiture must be ordered once it has been used
in the commission of the offence, regardless of whether the petitioner had
participated in the criminal offence. The provision is clear and mandatory.
The owners would have to be left to their remedies against the offenders.

38 It bears repeating that it is incumbent on finance and hire purchase
companies to take extra care when entering into hire purchase agreements for
their vehicles. Mandatory forfeiture places the onus on vehicle owners to
exercise due diligence to ensure their vehicles do not serve as transportation
tools to facilitate criminal activity. The courts have been constantly sending
out this clear message in a long line of cases dealing with forfeiture.

**Deterrent effect**

39 Section 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act states that:

In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an interpretation that
would _promote the purpose or object underlying the written law_ (whether that
purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or not) shall be
preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or object.
[emphasis added]

40 It should be noted that the objective of the Act was “to give power to
restrict the use of, stop and search road vehicles and to provide for the
seizure and forfeiture of road vehicles and articles found therein in certain
circumstances and matters incidental thereto”. It was a special power of
forfeiture conferred by Parliament. Hence, the purpose of s 4 is to deter the
use of vehicles for the scheduled offences which are, in my view, of serious
nature and pose an imminent impact on public safety and social order.

41 If vehicles were returned to innocent owners, it would be a simple feat for
persons contemplating theft and robbery to obtain possession of vehicles to
facilitate their crimes. I stated in _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_ at [17]
that:

[M]andatory forfeiture of the vehicles puts the onus on the vehicle owners to
exercise care and responsibility when lending or hiring out their vehicles. By
extension, it also places onus on hirers and borrowers to exercise greater
care in preventing their vehicles from becoming easy theft targets.

42 Again, I reiterated in _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_ at [38]:

Car rental and finance companies should modify their trade practices to cover
themselves. The cost will be passed down to car hirers or borrowers. With the
deterrent effect of pecuniary loss, all parties will be made to be more
careful in handling their vehicles.

43 In the absence of a mandatory forfeiture, the standards of hire purchase
companies might grow lax as the hirers would not be encouraged to inquire into
their customers’ backgrounds. In a case such as this where the offences were
serious and even involving a life being sacrificed in a snatch theft, it is
the inherent responsibility of the court to prevent the vehicle from being
used in the commission of further offences.

**Use of parliamentary debates**

44 At [17], I mentioned that the trial judge relied on s 9A(2) of the
Interpretation Act. Having considered and cited several parliamentary
extracts, the trial judge was satisfied that the power of the court under s
4(1) of the Act was mandatory.

45 It was understood that the rationale as set out by s 9A(2) of the
Interpretation Act was to permit the court to have regard to extrinsic
materials such as parliamentary speeches to confirm the ordinary meaning of
the provision and to ascertain the meaning of an ambiguous provision. What was
crucial was whether the language of s 4 of the Act was ambiguous and,
therefore, required confirmation of its meaning.

46 I was of the view that the provision in question was not ambiguous.
Parliamentary debates are not necessary if the wording of the statute is
clear. As far as I am aware, counsel have been including parliamentary
speeches in their written and oral arguments, even though the language of a
statutory provision was clear. This has evolved into a worrying trend.

47 Justice ought to be administered in accordance with the law, more so if the
law is clear and precise. The courts have no choice but to adopt the law in
its totality. Citing parliamentary debates would be of little use if the
legislation required no further explanation. Such extrinsic materials would
then be rendered otiose and would result in a waste of the court’s time.

**Conclusion**

48 Once the Attorney-General has made a forfeiture application, the courts
should only be concerned with whether the three conditions have been met. And
when they have been, a forfeiture order must be made.

49 The trial judge held (at [22]) that even if there existed discretion on the
part of the court, the sole reason proferred by VFS was that it was a hire
purchase company and as such, had no direct control over its vehicles. As I
have already alluded to above, finance companies are responsible for the use
of their vehicles and for protecting themselves, through insurance or
otherwise, against the loss of their vehicles. To hold that the court’s power
to order forfeiture here was discretionary would lead to a schism in the long
line of decisions restating the serious responsibilities that hire purchase
companies bear. To this end, the trial judge rightly ordered the forfeiture of
the vehicle. There was no necessity to exercise revisionary jurisdiction.

50 The petition for criminal revision was accordingly dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

