Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 3

Case Number | : | Suit 630/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Tau Chye (Lee Brothers) for the plaintiff; Timothy Tan Thye Hoe and Juanita Low Hsiu-Min (AsiaLegal LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd — Modern-Pak Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Construction of terms of
contract – Whether express condition that defendant to obtain materials from a
particular party  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Whether express term of
contract that defendant discharged its contractual obligations with regard to
the suitability of material by provision of relevant certificates of analysis
from a particular party  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Whether it was an implied term
of contract that defendant discharged its contractual obligations with regard
to suitability of material by provision of relevant certificates of analysis
from a particular party  
  

17 January 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction**

1 The legal issues in the present case are straightforward. They stem from an
equally straightforward factual matrix, which is as follows.

2 The plaintiff, manufacturers of medical devices for surgical procedures,
contracted with the defendant who was to, and in fact did, produce clamshells
pursuant to three purchase orders placed by the plaintiff and based on the
defendant’s quotation of 5 May 2003.

3 The plaintiff’s medical devices, manufactured to the order of the
plaintiff’s customer, were packed into the defendant’s clamshells which were
then placed in individual blister packs. These were, in turn, placed in
individual product boxes which were then placed in shipping boxes. The boxes
were then sent for gas sterilisation before onward shipment abroad for
distribution.

4 The plaintiff brought the present action against the defendant, alleging
that the clamshells were made of substandard material. The plaintiff’s
customer had alleged that there were cracks in a significant number of the
clamshells and the clamshells were ultimately sent back to Singapore for
reworking, repackaging and re-sterilisation. The plaintiff now claims, as a
result, $408,573.07 as well as consequential loss and damages.

5 Although the defendant was the supplier of the clamshells, the supplier of
the material that was thermoformed by the defendant into the clamshells
concerned was May Polyester Films Sdn Bhd (“May”).

6 It is important at this juncture to note that the only contractual terms in
issue in the present proceedings are those relating to the defendant’s
obligations with regard to the _material_ from which the clamshells were made.

7 It is also important to note that there was no single document which
contained all the terms of the contract. In the circumstances, it was
necessary for the present court to consider all relevant documents as well as
testimony in order to ascertain the terms of the contract. To put it simply, a
_holistic_ approach was necessary in the circumstances.

**The legal issues**

8 The legal issues that arose for decision in the present case are as follows.

9 The first two issues centred on what the precise terms of the contract were.
As already mentioned, there was no single document. There is a more general
lesson here, which I shall return to at the end of this judgment. To return to
the present proceedings, the first issue was whether or not it was a condition
of the contract that the defendant obtain its material for the production of
the clamshells from May only. The defendant argues that this was in fact a
condition of the contract, whereas the plaintiff argues otherwise.

10 The second issue was whether or not it was an express or in the alternative
an implied condition of the contract that the defendant would be considered to
have discharged its contractual obligations with regard to the suitability of
the material by the provision of the relevant Certificates of Analysis
(“COAs”) from May.

11 It is important to point out that if the defendant prevailed with respect
to both these issues, that would be the end of the matter inasmuch as the case
would necessarily be decided in the defendant’s favour. However, if the
defendant was successful on the first issue but not the second, the remaining
issues (to be considered shortly) would still need to be decided. On the other
hand, if the defendant was successful on the second issue, that, too, would be
the end of the matter. Indeed, it could not be denied that the defendant did
in fact provide the relevant COAs from May.

12 If the defendant was unsuccessful with regard to the first two issues, the
two further issues would arise for decision.

13 The third issue was whether or not the clamshells were in fact made from
defective material. If they were not, then the defendant would clearly not be
in breach of its contract with the plaintiff.

14 Even if the plaintiff was successful with respect to the issues mentioned
thus far, there was yet a fourth issue: Did the plaintiff suffer damage as a
result of the defendant’s breach?

15 In my view, the crucial issues lie at the threshold and, in particular,
with regard to the first two issues set out above. I found in favour of the
defendant on both these issues. In other words, I found that it was a
condition of the contract that the defendant procure the material for the
production of the clamshells from May only. I also found that it was either an
express or implied term of the contract that the defendant would be considered
to have discharged its contractual obligations with regard to the suitability
of the material by the provision of the relevant COAs from May. In the
circumstances, the plaintiff’s claim must be dismissed.

16 I pause here to point out that _the plaintiff has appealed only against my
ruling with regard to the second issue_ which I have set out briefly in the
preceding paragraph. However, I should add that, for the sake of completeness,
I will deal with all four issues mentioned above. Nevertheless, consistent
with the nature of the present appeal as well as the fact that, in any event,
the first two issues are (as I have mentioned) the crucial issues, my focus in
this judgment will be on them, rather than the remaining two. This is
particularly so with regard to the second issue which, as we have just seen,
is in fact the sole issue the plaintiff has appealed against.

17 Before I proceed to elaborate on my reasons for my findings and reasons
with respect to both these issues, I set out, once again (to emphasise the
point) for the sake of completeness, my brief views on the remaining two (_ie_
, third and fourth) issues raised during the hearing itself although they are
not strictly relevant to my decision.

18 In so far as the third issue is concerned, having reviewed all the
available evidence, I find that the material from which the defendant’s
clamshells was made was in fact inherently defective. In this regard, I find
the expert evidence furnished on behalf of the plaintiff to be both reasoned
and reasonable. The main focus of that evidence was on the nature of the
material itself. This was, in my view, the correct approach to adopt. The main
issue was not one of comparison with other material, but whether or not the
material of the very subject matter of the present action itself was
defective. The expert evidence furnished on behalf of the defendant did not,
with respect, contradict the basic thrust and tenets of the expert evidence
furnished on behalf of the plaintiff.

19 I should add that the vigorous attempts by the defendant to demonstrate
that there were alternative causes for the defective clamshells (other than
the fact that the clamshells were made from inherently defective material)
were, in my view, unconvincing and were merely attempts by the defendant to
shore up what was basically a weak case that turned primarily on the court’s
evaluation of the expert evidence tendered by both parties for the court’s
consideration.

20 In so far as the fourth issue is concerned, I find that the attempts by the
defendant to show that the plaintiff and, _inter alia_ , Laryngeal Mask Co
(Ltd) Seychelles (“LMC”) were associated companies and that, hence, there had
been no real loss suffered by the plaintiff as both these last-mentioned
companies were associated companies, to be unconvincing. It was quite clear
that both the plaintiff and LMC had entered into arm’s-length transactions.

21 I also find that that the defendant had not adduced any evidence to rebut
the amount of damages claimed by the plaintiff.

22 However, it is important to reiterate that the third and fourth issues
become relevant _only if the plaintiff prevails with regard to the first and,
especially, second issues_. I emphasise, once again, the _second_ issue
because if (as I find) the defendant had clearly discharged its contractual
obligations with regard to the suitability of the material by the provision of
May’s COAs, the plaintiff would have no cause of action against the defendant
under the contract. Its legal recourse would then be against May for the
provision of the substandard material.

23 In other words, the first and (especially) second issues are (to reiterate
an important point) _threshold_ issues. It is important to bear this in mind
because the mere fact that the material may not be up to the requisite
standard does _not_ , in and of itself, determine _who_ ought to be liable in
the _contractual context_. This must, _ex hypothesi_ , depend on the _precise
terms of the contract itself_. It is not surprising, therefore, that the
plaintiff has appealed against my decision with regard to the _second_ issue
only.

24 It also bears emphasising that, in the absence of any relevant vitiating
factors, it is incumbent that parties observe, scrupulously, the precise terms
of the contract. In these proceedings, for instance, if the plaintiff had
agreed with the defendant that it was an express or implied condition of the
contract that the defendant would have discharged its contractual obligations
with regard to the suitability of the material by the provisions of May’s
COAs, it (the plaintiff) ought not to be allowed to disregard this condition.
Sanctity of contract is vital to certainty and predictability in commercial
transactions. If a party (here, the plaintiff) were allowed to unravel the
contract by ignoring a term it had entered into voluntarily, this would
undermine the very concept of a contract itself. Parties entering into
contracts necessarily take business risks. Business losses are not unexpected.
All these are hard facts of commercial life. The law does not exist to shield
contracting parties from miscalculations or even commercial folly. That is why
vitiating factors in contract law are applied strictly as the law attempts to
balance the need for commercial certainty on the one hand and fairness to
individual parties in egregious situations on the other.

25 It is noteworthy that both parties in the present proceedings are
commercial entities who are no babes in the woods. In any event, no allegation
of any legal impropriety, let alone vitiating factors, was raised and I
therefore say no more in this regard.

26 Finally, it is important to stress that notwithstanding many academic
critiques to the effect that commercial certainty and predictability are
chimerical, it cannot be gainsaid that the _perception_ of their importance is
deeply entrenched within the commercial legal landscape in general and in the
individual psyches of commercial parties (and even non-commercial parties, for
that matter) in particular. It may be worth observing that most of these
critiques stem from a radical view of the law. To put it bluntly, many of such
views stem from the premise that objectivity of the law is not merely elusive
but positively illusory. In particular, such a sceptical approach is based on
the idea that everything is subjective. This is, of course, the very
antithesis of the very enterprise of the law itself. Such an approach also
conveniently misses its own absolute cast. Unfortunately, though, it is an
absolute view that dispirits and disempowers. It is profoundly negative and
ought to be avoided at all costs.

27 I now turn to my detailed reasons with regard to the first two issues which
relate to key terms in the contract itself.

**The terms of the contract**

**_The law relating to implied terms_**

28 One central issue relates to implied terms. Hence, before proceeding to
consider what the key or crucial terms in the present contract were, it would
be appropriate to set out briefly the applicable principles relating to
implied terms that are germane to the present proceedings.

29 It has always been acknowledged that particular terms might be implied into
particular contracts. However, in order not to undermine the concept of
freedom of contract itself, terms would be implied only rarely – in
exceptional cases where, as one famous case put it, it was _necessary_ to give
“ _business efficacy_ ” to the contract (see _per_ Bowen LJ (as then was) in
the English Court of Appeal decision in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64). In
the words of Bowen LJ himself (at 68):

Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
business men; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

30 Indeed, Lord Esher MR adopted a similar approach, although it is Bowen LJ’s
judgment that is most often cited. This is probably due to the fact that a
close perusal of Lord Esher MR’s judgment will reveal that the learned Master
of the Rolls did not _explicitly_ adopt the “business efficacy” test as such.
It might be usefully observed at this juncture that the third judge, Fry LJ,
agreed with both Bowen LJ and Lord Esher MR (see [29] _supra_ at 71).

31 There was another test, which soon became equally famous. It was by
MacKinnon LJ in another English Court of Appeal decision. This was the famous
“ _officious bystander_ ” test which was propounded in _Shirlaw v Southern
Foundries (1926) Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 (“ _Shirlaw_ ”) (affirmed,
[1940] AC 701), as follows:

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: “Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common ‘Oh, of course!’”

At least it is true, I think, that, if a term were never implied by a judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

Interestingly, the essay referred to above was in fact a public lecture
delivered at the London School of Economics in the University of London: see
Sir Frank MacKinnon, _Some Aspects of Commercial Law – A Lecture Delivered at
the London School of Economics on 3 March 1926_ (Oxford University Press,
1926) (and see, especially, p 13).

32 Both these tests are firmly established in the local case law (in addition
to the cases cited below, see also, for example, _Lim Eng Hock Peter v
Batshita International (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 741 at 745–746, [13]–[15]
(affirmed in _Batshita International (Pte) Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [1997] 1
SLR 241) and _Chai Chung Ching Chester v Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd_ [1991]
SLR 769 at 778, [34] (affirmed in _Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd v Chai Chung
Ching Chester_ [1993] 1 SLR 535), with regard to the “business efficacy” and
“officious bystander” tests, respectively.

33 The relationship, however, between the tests is not wholly clear.
Surprisingly, this appears to be the situation not only in the local context
but also in England as well. In the recent English High Court decision of
_John Roberts Architects Limited v Parkcare Homes (No 2) Limited_ [2005] EWHC
1637 (TCC), for example, Judge Richard Havery QC was of the view (at [15])
that it was unnecessary for him to decide the point. And in the equally recent
House of Lords decision of _Concord Trust v Law Debenture Trust Corpn plc_
[2005] 1 WLR 1591, Lord Scott of Foscote merely referred (at [37]) to the fact
that “[v]arious tests for the implication of terms into a contract have been
formulated in various well known cases”, and then proceeded to refer
specifically (only) to the “business efficacy” test in _The Moorcock_ (set out
at [29] above). I would venture to suggest, however, that there ought – and
can – be a resolution to this issue for reasons that I will elaborate upon in
a moment.

34 On one view, the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests are
viewed as being wholly _different_ tests (see, for example, the cases cited at
[39] below). Looked at in this light, both tests could be utilised as
alternatives. Such an approach, however, tends towards more complexity (and,
possibly, confusion) in what is an already relatively general (even vague)
area of the law.

35 On another view, however, the two tests are _complementary_. This is the
view I prefer as it is not only simple, albeit not simplistic, but is also
consistent with the relevant historical context. In the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom),
Limited and Elton Copdyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 (“ _Reigate_ ”),
for example, that great commercial judge, Scrutton LJ, observed (at 605) thus:

A term can only be implied if it is _necessary in the business sense_ to give
_efficacy_ to the contract; _that is_ , if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would
_both_ have replied, “ _Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble
to say that; it is too clear_.” Unless the Court comes to some such conclusion
as that, it ought not to imply a term which the parties themselves have not
expressed. [emphasis added]

36 An even cursory perusal of the above statement of principle by Scrutton LJ
will reveal the _integration as well as complementarity_ of the “business
efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. This is especially evident by the
learned judge’s use of the _linking_ phrase “that is” in the above quotation.
Indeed, the plain and natural meaning of this quotation is too clear to admit
of any other reasonable construction or interpretation. And it is this: that
the “officious bystander” test is the _practical mode by which_ the “business
efficacy” test is implemented. It is significant that the observations of
Scrutton LJ in _Reigate_ ([35] _supra_) _antedated_ the more prominent
pronouncement of the “officious bystander” test by Mackinnon LJ in _Shirlaw_
([31] _supra_) by _some two decades_. Of not insignificant historical
interest, in this regard, is the fact that MacKinnon LJ was in fact Scrutton
LJ’s pupil and had close ties with him: on both professional as well as
academic levels (see generally _The Dictionary of National Biography
1941–1950_ (L G Wickham Legg & E T Williams eds) (Oxford University Press,
1959) pp 557–559 at p 557).

37 The following observations by Cross J in the English High Court decision of
_Gardner v Coutts & Company_ [1968] 1 WLR 173 at 176 may also be usefully
noted:

When one hears the words “implied term” one thinks at once of MacKinnon L.J.
and his officious bystander. It appears, however, that the individual, _though
not yet so characterised, first made his appearance as long ago as 1918 in a
judgment of Scrutton L.J. …_ [emphasis added]

38 I should mention that there is now local authority that supports this
approach as well: see the recent Singapore High Court decision of Judith
Prakash J in _Telestop Pte Ltd v Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 267 at
[68]. Reference may also be made to the following observation by Colman J in
the English High Court decision of _South Caribbean Trading Ltd v Trafigura
Beheer BV_ [2005] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 128 at [37], which is, however, rather more
_cryptic_ (and may, on one reading at least be the opposite of that proposed
in this judgment at [35] above):

The conceptual basis for any such implication [of a contractual term] could
consist either of that derived from the other express terms or that derived
from _business efficacy under the “officious bystander” approach_ in _The
Moorcock_ (1889) 4 PD 64. [emphasis added]

39 It should, however, be noted that there are other possible approaches as
well. For example, there is some authority in the local context which suggests
that the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests can be utilised
interchangeably, thus signalling that there is no real difference in substance
between the two tests (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal
decisions of _Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v Herman
Iskandar_ [1998] 2 SLR 265 at [45]; _Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v
Singapore Industrial Automation Association_ [2000] 4 SLR 137 at [42]; _Hiap
Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 458 at
[18]; _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (No 2)_ [2003] 3 SLR 307 at
[33]; and _Romar Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd v Merriwa Nominees Pty Ltd_
[2004] 4 SLR 574 at [29]; as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Loh
Siok Wah v American International Assurance Co Ltd_ [1999] 1 SLR 281 at [32]).
There is yet other authority suggesting that these two tests are _cumulative_
(see, for example, the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _Sababumi
(Sandakan) Sdn Bhd v Datuk Yap Pak Leong_ [1998] 3 MLJ 151 at 170). It might
well be that the approach from complementarity may be very close, in practical
terms, to this suggested approach. However, the former could nevertheless
still lead to different results and, in any event, does not comport with the
background described briefly above. Finally, there is some authority
suggesting that both the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests
are not only different but that the criterion of “necessity” is only
applicable to the former test (see the Malaysian High Court decision of _Chua
Soong Kow & Anak-Anak Sdn Bhd v Syarikat Soon Heng (sued as a firm)_ [1984] 1
CLJ 364 at [7]). This last-mentioned approach is probably the least persuasive
of all since the criterion of “necessity” ought to be equally applicable to
both tests (see, in this regard, _Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v
Singapore Industrial Automation Association_ , cited earlier in this
paragraph).

40 Given the persuasive historical and judicial background as well as the
general logic concerned, I would suggest that the approach from
complementarity ought to prevail (see [36] above). It should also be noted
that none of the cases in the preceding paragraph suggesting different
approaches actually canvasses the rationale behind the respective approaches
advocated.

41 However, it is important to note that the tests considered above relate to
the possible implication of a _particular_ term or terms into _particular_
contracts. In other words, the court concerned would examine the _particular
factual matrix_ concerned in order to ascertain whether or not a term ought to
be implied. This is the established general approach, regardless of the view
one takes of the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. There
are practical consequences to such an approach, the most important of which is
that the implication of a term or terms in a particular contract _creates no
precedent for future cases_. In other words, the court is only concerned about
arriving at a just and fair result via implication of the term or terms in
question in that case – _and that case alone_. The court is only concerned
about the presumed intention of the particular contracting parties – _and
those particular parties alone_. This particular proposition is of vital
significance to the resolution of the present case for the following reason.

42 There is a _second_ category of implied terms which is wholly different in
its nature as well as practical consequences. Under this category of implied
terms, once a term has been implied, such a term will be implied in _all
future_ contracts of _that particular type_. The precise terminology utilised
has varied. In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Shell UK Ltd v Lostock
Garage Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR 1187 at 1196, for example, Lord Denning MR utilised
the rubric of contracts “of common occurrence”, whilst Lloyd LJ in the (also)
English Court of Appeal decision of _National Bank of Greece SA v Pinios
Shipping Co No 1_ [1990] 1 AC 637 (reversed in the House of Lords but not on
this particular point) referred to such a category as encompassing “contracts
of a defined type” (at 645). But the central idea is clear: it is that the
term implied is implied in a _general_ way for _all_ specific contracts that
come within the purview of a broader umbrella category of contracts (reference
may also be made, for example, to the House of Lords decisions of _Scally v
Southern Health and Social Services Board_ [1992] 1 AC 294, especially at 307
and _Malik v Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA_ [1998] AC 20 at
45).

43 To distinguish this particular category of implied terms from the first,
legal scholars have referred to it as the category of “terms implied in _law_
” (see generally, for example, Sir Guenter Treitel, _The Law of Contract_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) (“Treitel”) at pp 206–213). The first or
former category has, in turn, been referred as to the category of “terms
implied in _fact_ ” (see generally Treitel, at pp 201–206).

44 The _rationale as well as test_ for this broader category of implied terms
is, not surprisingly, quite _different_ from that which obtains for terms
implied under the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. In the
first instance, the category is much broader inasmuch (as we have seen) the
_potential_ for application _extends_ to _future_ cases relating to the same
issue with respect to the _same category_ of contracts. In other words, the
decision of the court concerned to imply a contract “in law” in a particular
case _establishes a precedent_ for similar cases in the future for _all_
contracts of _that particular type_ , unless of course a higher court
overrules this specific decision. Hence, it is my view that courts ought to be
as – if not more – careful in implying terms on this basis, compared to the
implication of terms under the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander”
tests which relate to the _particular contract and parties only_. Secondly,
the test for implying a term “in law” is broader than the tests for implying a
term “in fact”. This gives rise to difficulties that have existed for some
time, but which have only begun to be articulated relatively recently in the
judicial context, not least as a result of the various analyses in the
academic literature (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Crossley v Faithful & Gould Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 4 All ER 447 at [33]–[46]).

45 However, I say no more about the category of “terms implied in law” as the
present case turns, in my view, on the application of the category of “terms
implied in fact”.

**_Was it a condition of the contract that the defendant procure its material
for the clamshells from May?_**

_General_

46 In the absence of comprehensive documentation (as was the case here, as to
which see [7] above), such documents as exist and are available to the court
become of signal importance. Of equal importance are the respective witnesses’
testimony since, presumably, oral terms might also constitute part of the
contract.

47 At this juncture, therefore, it would be apposite to comment, albeit
briefly, on the two key witnesses in the present proceedings in so far as this
particular issue is concerned.

48 The first is Mr Ron Wight (“Mr Wight”), who is the chief technical officer
of the plaintiff. He struck me as being generally a reliable witness of truth.
However, there were clearly points during the trial when he was visibly
uneasy. It seemed to me that he wanted to tell the truth but had, on occasion,
to “varnish” it slightly. This is understandable in view of the fact that he
was a key witness for the plaintiff. This tension which I detected will become
clear in my analysis of his testimony below.

49 The second witness is Ms Karin Leng Fong Sin (“Karin Leng”), who is the
marketing executive for the defendant. I found her to be a reliable witness of
truth – albeit more so than Mr Wight. Although, as we shall see, there were
apparent difficulties with the defendant’s case on this issue in particular,
she did not waver. Nor did she attempt to gloss over the inherent
difficulties. She attempted, as far as I could see, to give her evidence in a
straightforward and truthful manner.

_Context and analysis_

50 In so far as this particular issue is concerned, the main written evidence
is contained in a handwritten note by Karin Leng on an inter-office memorandum
of the defendant to her subordinate, Lilian.[note: 1] Indeed, the focus of
both parties appeared to be on this handwritten note. However, it seems to me
that the memorandum itself is significant. The actual contents of the
memorandum itself (dated 16 December 2002) read as follows:

SUBJECT: Petg 0.40mm (Forefront Medical)

1) Petg must be food and drug grade.

2) Their current petg supply from May Polyester films are approved ‘United
State Pharacopia Class 6’ grade.

[emphasis added]

51 The handwritten note on the memorandum reads as follows:

_16/12/2002_

_Asked/Requested_ _Lilian_ to _source from May Polyester_ base [_sic_] on Ron
of FMT [_sic_] _recommendation_. [emphasis added]

52 Looking closely at the memorandum (at [50] above), it is clear that the
material required (in this instance, PETG 6763) was not only specific but was
also specialised inasmuch as it had to be of that standard which would pass
muster under the stringent requirements of the Food and Drug Administration
(“FDA”) of the US. This is not surprising in view of the fact that the medical
devices were to be packed into the clamshells for onward transmission to the
US. This would, of course, mean that the material supplied by May would have
had to have undergone tests to ensure that it met the requisite FDA standards.
As can be seen from the second paragraph in the memorandum itself, May’s
material in fact met these standards. This was probably due to the fact that
the material had already been approved when Parade had been manufacturing
clamshells for the plaintiff, the defendant being, of course, the “successor”
of sorts to Parade.

53 The issues that arise at this juncture seem to me to be as follows.

54 First, given the fact that May’s material had already been approved with
respect to the previous contracts between the plaintiff and Parade, did this
expedite matters with respect to the timeframe for approval of the samples of
clamshells from the _defendant_ in order for the defendant to commence
manufacturing the actual clamshells pursuant to the actual contract itself? If
there was such an expediting of matters, then it would support the defendant’s
contention that it was an express condition of the contract between it and the
plaintiff that the defendant must procure the material for the manufacture of
the clamshells from May. What _was_ clear from the evidence was that the
defendant _did_ in fact need to have its _samples_ approved by the plaintiff.

55 Secondly, _even if_ the fact that May’s material had already been approved
did _not_ in fact expedite matters, would the other surrounding circumstances
(in particular, the need for the plaintiff not to delay matters further, given
its prior difficulties with Parade) nevertheless indicate, on the balance of
probabilities, that it was an express condition of the contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant that the latter must procure the material for the
manufacture of the clamshells from May?

56 Bearing the above two issues in mind, I commence my analysis with a more
general point first. Much was made by counsel for the plaintiff of the word
“recommendation” in Karin Leng’s handwritten note (see [51] above). The
plaintiff’s argument was that the word “recommendation” was to be taken in its
literal sense. In other words, a “recommendation” was not mandatory and that,
therefore, it could not have been an express condition of the contract that
the defendant must procure the material for the manufacture of the clamshells
from May.

57 I was much persuaded by this argument at first blush. However, it seemed to
me not to gel with the general context surrounding this particular contract.
Before I elaborate on this particular point, I should point out that, from my
assessment of the overall testimony of Karin Leng, I not only found her to be
a reliable witness of truth (as to which, see [49] above) but also a witness
whose command of the English language, whilst competent, was not particularly
nuanced. This is why I accept her testimony to the effect that the use of the
word “recommendation” in her handwritten note was, _in so far as she was
concerned_ , a clear _instruction from_ Mr Wight that the plaintiff _required_
the defendant to procure the necessary material _from May_.

58 Looking, first, at the actual contents of the inter-office memorandum
(reproduced at [50] above), it is clear that there were stringent requirements
with regard to the material which would pass muster under the contract
(indeed, any contract of this nature) with the plaintiff. Bearing this
important context in mind, I also note that Karin Leng utilised, in so far as
her instructions to Lilian were concerned, the phrase “ _Asked/Requested_ ”
(see [51] above). This, like the word “recommendation”, is not apparently
couched in the imperative mode. However, it does _not_ seem to me that her
instructions to Lilian were any less than that – in other words, that they
were any less than _instructions_. It was clear to me that Karin Leng was
_not_ offering Lilian _an option_ as such. Why, then, did she utilise the
words “Asked/Requested”? Indeed, why did she utilise two words when one would
have sufficed? More importantly, why didn’t she utilise a word or words which
conveyed, more accurately, the meaning that these were in the form of
_instructions_ , _not_ optional requests? I can only surmise that precision in
usage was not a strong point in so far as Karin Leng’s command of the English
language was concerned. It was also clear to me that Karin Leng preferred
utilising _polite_ _and courteous_ language. All this is consistent with the
use of the word “recommendation” and the _context_ in which that word was used
was important – as opposed to the plaintiff’s literal interpretation in order
to suit its case. It was clear from the _context_ that “recommendation” did
not carry the meaning that the plaintiff sought to place on it. _However_ , if
this is the case, then one must (as I do) accept Karin Leng’s evidence to the
effect that the word “recommendation” actually meant “instructed” – in other
words, that it carried a mandatory connotation in the light of the
circumstances of the case.

59 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to elaborate a little more on the
elements comprising the particular context surrounding the making of the
handwritten note by Karin Leng herself.

60 Although it is not clear beyond peradventure that time was of the essence
of the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant (the result of the
loose form in which this contract was, unfortunately, concluded), it is clear
that it was _at least significant_ inasmuch as the plaintiff would have
desired the defendant to produce the requisite clamshells as soon as possible.
After all, the reason why the plaintiff had approached the defendant to
manufacture the clamshells was precisely because the _previous_ manufacturer,
Parade, had not discharged its obligations satisfactorily;[note: 2] indeed, in
her affidavit, Ms Irene Ong Ai Lian, the purchasing and administration officer
of the plaintiff, stated at para 4 that, “[s]ometime in November 2002, due to
our existing supplier [_ie_ , Parade] which could not deliver the clamshell
[_sic_] to us in time for our production usage, I started to source for
alternative suppliers”.[note: 3] At this point, it is important to note that
_there were (until the present case) no complaints whatsoever by the plaintiff
about the quality of the material that was supplied by May –_ which was and
is, to date, the _only_ approved supplier of material for the manufacture of
the clamshells for the plaintiff. This is important inasmuch as it in fact
tends to support the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff had insisted that
it procure the necessary material from May. Indeed, this reasoning is
buttressed by the fact (just noted) that time, if not of the essence, must
surely have been of more than passing significance to the plaintiff.

61 Another document that was relevant related to a letter from the defendant
to the plaintiff dated 3 July 2003.[note: 4] The main body of the letter
(addressed to Mr Wight for the plaintiff and signed by Ms Adeline Kang for the
defendant) reads as follows:

RE: CLAMSHELL PRODUCTION

Thank you for your letter of 2 July 2003 assuring us that we will be working
closely together.

However, _we are concerned that we are only using one source of material
supply, i.e. May Polyester Sdn Bhd. Their machine, we believe, has been in
service for a decade now and the recent breakdown is a concern._

There are many well established PETG film suppliers _and we will like to
protect our customers by ensuring that we do not run out of material. We can
only do so when we have an alternative source. This has been our policy
working both with internal and external parties_.

[emphasis added]

62 Counsel for both parties naturally took diametrically opposed
interpretations of the contents of the letter just quoted. The plaintiff
argued that this letter was no more than an expression of concern on the part
of the defendant as May was facing possible difficulties with supplying the
requisite material. On the other hand, the defendant argued that this letter
supported their argument that the plaintiff had stipulated, contractually,
that it (the defendant) could _only_ procure the necessary material for the
manufacture of the clamshells from May. Whilst it is true that May was facing
possible difficulties in the manner briefly alluded to above, it is also true
that the above letter was equally consistent with the fact that, in the light
of these potential difficulties from May, the fact that it (the defendant) had
been contractually constrained to procure the requisite material from May was
a major concern for the defendant, who therefore wanted to source for an
alternative supply of material.

63 It is my view that the letter presently considered supports the defendant.
It is, at worst, neutral in so far as the defendant’s case is concerned. Even
if this were so, I find that, on balance, the available evidence that _was_
helpful pointed (as I have already concluded above) in the defendant’s favour.

64 I would add that it also seemed to me that the defendant would have had _an
equally strong case_ if it had argued that it was an _implied_ condition of
the contract between it and the plaintiff that it (the defendant) procure the
material from May – and nobody else. However, I note that, whilst counsel for
the plaintiff appeared to accept that this was an argument that could be
mounted by the defendant, the actual pleadings themselves do not appear to
support such an approach. This is unfortunate. In my view, the rules of civil
procedure in general and those which relate to pleadings in particular should
not be allowed to be ends in themselves. They exist in order to provide the
basic structure in order that substantive justice be achieved. However, in the
real world, which is far more complex and “messier”, the rules of civil
procedure can, on occasion, produce the opposite result. This seems to me,
unfortunately, one such occasion although I note that it is not impossible for
the defendant to raise this particular argument on appeal, given that no
further evidence needs (in my view at least) be adduced in this particular
regard.

65 I turn now to the second (and, in my view, equally if not more, crucial)
issue as to whether or not it was an express or implied condition of the
contract that the defendant would be considered to have discharged its
contractual obligations with regard to suitability of the material by the
provision of the relevant COAs from May.

**_Was it an express or implied condition of the contract that the defendant
would be considered to have discharged its contractual obligations with regard
to suitability of the material by the provision of the relevant COAs from
May?_**

66 On an e-mail from Mr Wight to Karin Leng dated 24 April 2003[note: 5] is
the following crucial note written by Karin Leng on 25 April 2003, which reads
as follows:

25/4/03

_Ron has given assurance that so long all May Polyester’s Cert. of Analysis
shows regrind less than 5% and M.P. conformance specs meets FMT specs., MP
will not be held liable once good del & gone through QC/QA check_. FMT do
their own products test in M’sia which also give double assurance of quality
acceptance.

[emphasis added]

67 It can be seen from what has just been quoted in the preceding paragraph
that Mr Wight had in fact given Karin Leng a clear assurance that the
defendant would be considered to have discharged its contractual obligations
with regard to suitability of the material by the provision of the relevant
COAs from May containing the required confirmation. This, in my view, clearly
formed part of the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant (“FMT”
clearly referring to the plaintiff, Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd and
“MP” clearly referring to the defendant, Modern-Pak Private Limited). Indeed,
it was a crucial term which I would put at the level of a condition and was an
integral part of the overall agreement which, as we have already seen, was one
that could only be ascertained by reference to all the relevant documents and
testimony, taken as a whole. As already mentioned, the defendant clearly
provided these certificates from May and thereby discharged their contractual
duties in this important regard. It would also appear, as we shall see below,
that despite initial reservations by Karin Leng, the clamshells had in fact
gone through the necessary quality control (“QC”) and quality assurance (“QA”)
checks.

68 It is also important to note that in the body of the actual e-mail itself,
Mr Wight also refers to the telephone conversation where he gave that
assurance, as follows:

Dear Karin,

…

As I explained to you during our tele-conversation today, FMT requires the
following,

*written confirmation from May Polyester regarding the % of regrind. It MUST NOT exceed 5% as defined by the specification.

*certificate of conformance that confirms your product meets the FMT component specifications.

69 The words “MUST NOT” rendered in capital letters in the original text above
are significant. This confirms – and, indeed, underscores – the handwritten
note by Karin Leng to the effect that May’s COAs in this particular regard
were to be of pivotal importance. I pause here to note that the relevant
Certificates of Conformance were also given by the defendant to the plaintiff,
although this category of certificates was not apparently mentioned by the
plaintiff (through Mr Wight to the defendant through Karin Leng as being an
express condition of the contract as such. As I have just mentioned, however,
even if they were, the contractual obligations in this respect were in fact
complied with.

70 This assurance was in fact confirmed in no uncertain terms by Mr Wight
himself when he was cross-examined by counsel for the defendant. In this
regard, the following extract from the Notes of Evidence is very
illuminating:[note: 6]

DC: I refer you next to DB 10 – e-mail from you to Karin Leng – 2nd para – as
I see it, there are two certificates required – first, a written confirmation
from May confirming that there is not more than 5% regrind and, secondly, a
certificate of conformance from the defendants that confirms that FMT
component specs are met?

A: Yes.

Q: In terms of material, I put it to you that all that was required from the
defendants was May’s certificate of analysis showing less than 5% regrind.

A: That was not all that was required.

Q: _Still on pg 10, there is a handwritten note there by Karin Leng – I put it
to you that you did give this assurance to Karin on 25 April 2003_.

A: _I agree_.

Q: _Would you also agree that for the three purchase orders issued by the
plaintiffs which are the subject-matter of this claim, the defendants have
given or provided May’s certificates of analysis showing less than 5% regrind
as well as their own certificates of conformance?_

A: _Yes_.

Q: And would you agree that the clamshells supplied by the defendants for
these three purchase orders successfully went through the plaintiffs’ QC and
QA checks?

A: No, I disagree.

Q: I put it to you that if they had not gone through your QC and QA checks
successfully, they would not have been sent on to Malaysia for sterilization
and then on to the USA for delivery to the customers.

A: The very first shipment from the defendants to the plaintiffs was rejected
and there were non-conforming product raised (numbers 88 and 89).

Q: Weren’t [_sic_] all the clamshells that were sent to the US successfully go
through the plaintiffs’ QC and QA checks?

A: What do you mean by successfully? The defendants had to do a 100% sort and
replacement due to 20% rejection of the first shipment.

Q: _I am talking about the clamshells ultimately shipped to the US._

A: _They passed the check after sorting._

Q: _And wouldn’t each clamshell have been at least visually inspected by the
plaintiffs separately before the device was installed into the clamshell?_

A: _Visually inspected, yes._

Q: _I put it to you, then, that having furnished May’s COA’s (Certificate of
Analysis) showing less than 5% regrind and the defendants’ COC’s (Certificate
of Conformance), and having successfully passed the plaintiffs’ QC and QA
checks, and the plaintiffs’ visual inspection prior to installation of the
device into the clamshell, the defendants have fully discharged their
contractual obligations as to material._

A: _They have submitted the required documents, yes._

Ct: _The checks were effected by the defendants?_

A: _Yes._

Ct: Does it necessarily follow that the clamshells that were sent on to the US
were defect-free?

A: When they left the plaintiffs, they were defect-free.

Q: The inspection was visual?

A: Yes.

DC: Distinction must be drawn between the checks the defendants did and the QC
and QA checks done by the plaintiffs.

Ct: QC and QA checks done by the plaintiffs – what is the nature of these
checks?

A: They are picked at random and checked dimensionally, visually, cosmetically
and functionally. It’s an Acceptable Quality Limit (AQL) – a measurement of
the probability of a defect measured against the actual number of defects.

DC: There is another 100% check, in effect, because the devices need to be
installed by the plaintiffs into the clamshells.

DC: Just one point on the AQL – would it be fair to say that one is not
looking at zero tolerance – there is a certain acceptable number of rejects?

A: Yes.

Q: Percentage terms?

A: The first shipment of over 20% reject rate is too high – no more than 1% is
the acceptable standard.

Q: Was this 1% ever stipulated in writing to the defendants by the plaintiffs?

A: As a hypothetical instance. Certificate of Conformance lays down the
criteria – no percentage stipulated.

The AQL was 0.065 of one. It is not a percentage check because not every
clamshell is checked.

Q: Refer to your affidavit, para 12 – COC certifies quality, dimensional
accuracy, function and appearance – the COA serves as a proof that the
defendants had complied with the material requirements of the plaintiffs – _I
put it to you, then, that, contractually, once May’s COA has been obtained,
the defendants are deemed to have complied with all the requirements relating
to material under the contract?_

A: _Yes._

Q: _I further put it to you that since the defendants have furnished May’s
COA’s as required contractually for the clamshells supplied under the three
subject purchase orders, the defendants have fully complied with the
requirements on material._

A: _Yes._

[emphasis added]

71 I note, also, that it was clear that, despite Mr Wight’s initial response,
the necessary QC and QA checks were in fact carried out. This is not only
borne out by the material parts of the testimony quoted above but also by the
very logical and commonsensical reason to the effect that there would have
been no way that the clamshells could have been shipped to the US in the first
instance if they had not in fact passed the necessary QC and QA checks.

72 The fact that I have found Mr Wight to be generally a witness of truth
merely serves to drive home the point. Indeed, there was no reason for him to
make the above admission in the first instance – and so clearly at that.
Having made that admission, it must, having regard to my general assessment of
him as a witness, be accorded the (significant) weight it deserves. That this
admission was given freely and was not in any way obtained surreptitiously is
admitted in counsel for the plaintiff’s own reply submissions where the
“damage control” sought to be effected was, with respect, too little and too
late. Indeed, this response did not even deal with the issue of Mr Wight’s
admission directly, let alone effectively. There was, of course, a good reason
for this. As already mentioned, the admission was both freely given and of the
utmost significance. More importantly, it was the unadulterated truth. That is
why counsel for the plaintiff could not, as I have just mentioned, counter the
admission effectively – indeed, at all.

73 It bears emphasising, once again, that, given the dearth of documentary
evidence, this admission by Mr Wight becomes even more important. Indeed, I
would go so far as to state that this admission might not only constitute part
of the terms of the contract in question but might even constitute part of a
_collateral contract_ between the plaintiff and the defendant. Like implied
terms, collateral contracts will not of course be easily found by the court.
But this is not to state that they will not be found to exist where the
requisite factual and legal circumstances are present (as appears to me to be
the case here). In so far as general principles are concerned, the following
valuable observations by Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC (as she then was) in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Lemon Grass Pte Ltd v Peranakan Place
Complex Pte Ltd_ [2002] 4 SLR 439 at [116]–[119] should be noted:

116 A collateral contract is an agreement distinct from the main contract. A
court must therefore find all the usual legal requirements of a contract
having been fulfilled with respect to the collateral agreement before it can
be enforced.

117 What this means is that the statement purporting to be the contractual
promise in such a collateral contract must be promissory in nature or effect
rather than representational ... The plaintiffs must establish the agreement
of the parties to its terms. Thus, to succeed in a claim founded on a
collateral contract, the plaintiffs have to prove certainty of the terms.

118 It is for the party seeking to rely upon the collateral contract who has
to bear the burden of establishing that both parties intended to create a
legally binding contract ...

119 They must also establish consideration, which in the case of a collateral
contract is easy to prove. All that is required is the promisee [the
plaintiffs] entering or promising to enter into a principal contract with the
promisor [the defendants].

74 All the general requirements set out above would appear to have been
satisfied in the present proceedings. However, as a collateral contract was
not pleaded by the defendant, I say no more about it.

75 In the circumstances, I find that it was, having regard to the reasons set
out above, clear that it was in fact _an express condition_ of the contract
that the defendant would be considered to have discharged its contractual
obligations with regard to suitability of the material by the provision of the
relevant COAs from May.

76 It seems to me equally clear that, if I am wrong with regard to the
conclusion arrived at in the preceding paragraph, it was nevertheless clear
that there was, in any event, _an implied condition_ to like effect. Let me
elaborate. However, before proceeding to do so, it would be appropriate to
note that I will be applying the legal principles mentioned above (in
particular at [29]–[31], relating to the category of “terms implied in _fact_
”).

77 Turning now to an application of the relevant principles relating to “terms
implied in fact” to the relevant facts in the present proceedings, it is clear
that the circumstances were such that the defendant must have entered into the
contract with the plaintiff on the understanding and basis that, in so far as
the requisite quality of the material utilised was concerned, the COAs from
the actual materials supplier (May) would suffice. That the defendant sought
the assurance from Mr Wight (and which was dealt with in some detail above) is
clear evidence of this. Indeed, I have gone further and indicated that the
assurance was itself part of the _express_ terms of the contract. It follows,
_a fortiori_ , that the assurance was, therefore, _at the very least_ evidence
of an _implied_ term of the contract in the manner just stated, if the
argument from an express term is not accepted.

78 Indeed, it is my view that such an implied term (indeed, condition) was
necessary in order to give business efficacy to the contract.

79 From the perspective of the _plaintiff_ , it was clear (to _it_ , at least)
that there were no problems with the material hitherto supplied by May and the
quality of which was taken as a given. Indeed, as I have already held, it was
also a condition of the contract that the defendant procure its material for
the manufacture of the clamshells from May. Even if this was not a condition
(a point which I, of course, reject), it is clear that, _at the very least_ ,
the circumstances surrounding the ultimate procurement of the material by the
defendant from May demonstrated that the plaintiff was in fact more than
satisfied with May’s material up to, and until, the time of the making of the
contract between it and the defendant.

80 It is also important to note, once again, that the reason why the plaintiff
turned to the defendant to manufacture the clamshells in question from May’s
material was because it was _dissatisfied with_ the _previous_ manufacturer,
Parade. Further, there was some indication, at least, that the plaintiff was
concerned to get the production of the clamshells back on track via its
contract with the defendant. From the general business perspective, this was
in fact sheer commonsense – particularly given the plaintiff’s problems with
clamshells manufactured by Parade, as just mentioned above. In the
circumstances, it would have made little (or no) business sense to the
plaintiff to have insisted that the furnishing (by the defendant) of the
requisite COAs from May would not have sufficed to have discharged the
defendant from its contractual obligations relating to the quality of the
material of the clamshells and to have desired something more from the
defendant as well.

81 From the perspective of the _defendant_ , the circumstances surrounding the
plaintiff’s endorsement of May as the supplier of materials (either as a
condition or, as I have argued above, as at least a factual reality) applied,
equally, to make it necessary that it be a condition of the contract that the
defendant would be considered to have discharged its contractual obligations
as to the quality of the material of the clamshells by furnishing the
requisite COAs from May.

82 Indeed, had the plaintiff insisted otherwise, it would not have made
business sense for the defendant to have entered into the contract. The
defendant would have had to take on an additional responsibility (the
substance of which it had no control over) with respect to a contract (between
it and the plaintiff) where time, if not of the essence, was nevertheless of
no mean significance. As we have seen, the concern of the plaintiff was to
have the clamshells produced by the defendant in as timely a fashion as
possible. By the same token, the concern of the defendant was to focus on the
production of the clamshells, without having to worry about the quality of the
material over which it had no control. In the circumstances, it would have
made eminently good business sense for _both_ contracting parties to agree
that, in so far as the quality of the material was concerned, the confirmation
by May via its COAs would be sufficient. I have already held that this was an
_express_ condition of the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant.
Even if I am wrong on this point, it is clear that if an officious bystander
had asked both parties whether May’s COAs would have been a sufficient
confirmation of the quality of the material utilised by the defendant to
manufacture the clamshells, both plaintiff and defendant alike would have
firmly told him, “Oh, of course!” Indeed, it is my view that it would not be
unrealistic to have expected them to add, “Please understand that our focus is
on production of the clamshells as soon as possible. After all, May has been
the only approved supplier of the material so far and has never given any
problems. Please do not trouble us with such an irrelevant question!” If, of
course, I am correct in my finding above to the effect that it was also an
express condition of the contract that the defendant _had to_ procure its
material from May, then this finding would have followed, _a fortiori_. In
other words, one might even have expected the contracting parties to have
added further, “Since we have agreed that the defendant _has to_ procure the
materials for the manufacture for the clamshells from May, isn’t this a
totally ridiculous question to ask of us?”

83 In the circumstances, it is clear, in my view, that it was _at least_ an
_implied_ condition of the contract that the defendant would be considered to
have discharged its contractual obligations with regard to suitability of the
material by the provision of the relevant COAs from May.

84 However, as I have already elaborated upon above, I would in fact go
_further_. It is my view that it was in fact an _express_ condition of the
contract that the defendant would be considered to have discharged its
contractual obligations with regard to suitability of the material by the
provision of the relevant COAs from May. This was clearly borne out by both
the documentary _and_ oral evidence available before the court.

**Conclusion**

85**** For the reasons set out above, the plaintiff’s claim must be dismissed,
with costs to be agreed or taxed if not agreed.

86 However, an important _general_ lesson arises from these proceedings. It is
that, _wherever possible_ , contracting parties ought to reduce their (entire)
agreement into _writing_. I recognise that this is _not always_ _possible_ ,
given the nature of the transaction and/or of the parties, as well as of the
specific timeframe in question. Nor may parties find it always _desirable_.
For example, at least one or even both parties to a contract might want to
leave things open deliberately for pragmatic reasons or even for no apparently
good reason at all. That is, of course, their choice. But potential
contracting parties must understand that if they choose not to reduce their
agreement into writing, they must suffer the legal consequences of not doing
so – as was the case with the plaintiff in this particular case. Parties
_must_ abide by the terms of the contract willingly entered into and
objectively ascertained. This is desirable from both practical as well as
moral points of view. Hence, this principle, already mentioned above, cannot
be overemphasised. It is all too easy to seek to point the finger at the other
party when things go wrong. At this juncture, mere finger-pointing is
immaterial. What matters are the terms the parties entered into and, in
particular, the terms germane to the legal issues that have subsequently
arisen between them. All this is to be ascertained from an objective
perspective. Not to belabour the point, but the best objective evidence is _a
written agreement_ that does not fall afoul of any vitiating factors. In the
absence of such a written agreement (as was the case here), the court will do
its best to ascertain the material terms in both their express and (if any)
implied forms in the light of all the relevant evidence available. That has
been done in the present case and the crucial terms I have found to be in
favour of the defendant – both on an express as well as on an implied basis.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See vol 2 of the Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“2BA”) at
p 295; also reproduced in the Defendant’s Bundle of Documents (“DB”) at p 5.

[note: 2]See DB at p 1.

[note: 3]See vol 1 of the Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“1BA”) at
p 133.

[note: 4]See 2BA at p 305.

[note: 5]See 2BA at p 394; also reproduced in DB at p 10.

[note: 6]See Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at pp 8-11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

