Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth Hospital)
and Another v Sandar Aung  
[2006] SGHC 200

Case Number | : | Suit 68/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lek Siang Pheng and Mar Seow Hwei (Rodyk & Davidson) for the plaintiffs; James Leslie Ponniah and Leong Sue Lynn (Wong & Lim) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth Hospital); Mount Elizabeth Medical Holdings Ltd (formerly known as Elizabeth Hospital Ltd.) — Sandar Aung   
  
Contract – Assignment – Capacity – Whether assignee can sue debtor in own name
where notice of such assignment not given to debtor  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Defendant contracting
with hospital to pay all expenses incurred by defendant's mother's stay in
hospital – Hospital furnishing defendant with estimate of bill – Final bill
exceeding estimate greatly – Whether agreement including bill estimate such
that defendant not liable to pay excess costs  
  

7 November 2006

Judith Prakash J:

1 At the conclusion of the trial of this action, I gave judgment in favour of
the plaintiffs for the sum of $320,083.77 together with interest at the rate
of 6% per annum from the date of the writ and costs on the indemnity basis.
The defendant has appealed.

**Background**

2 This action was commenced by the first plaintiff, Parkway Hospitals
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Parkway”), to recover from the defendant, Ms Sandar Aung,
a sum of $537,432.34 alleged to be due to Parkway in respect of medical
facilities rendered to the defendant’s mother, one Daw Tin Nyunt (“Mdm Tin
Nyunt”). The second plaintiff, Mount Elizabeth Medical Holdings Ltd (“MEM
Holdings”), was added to the action at the close of the first plaintiff’s
case.

3 In January 2004, MEM Holdings was running a private hospital in Singapore
called Mount Elizabeth Hospital (“the hospital”). On 7 January 2004, Mdm Tin
Nyunt was admitted to the hospital for the purpose of undergoing an
angioplasty. Her daughter, the defendant, signed an agreement with MEM
Holdings (“the Agreement”) agreeing to be liable to MEM Holdings for all
expenses incurred by Mdm Tin Nyunt in the course of her stay in the hospital.
At the time the Agreement was signed, it was anticipated that Mdm Tin Nyunt
would be in the hospital for only two days and the defendant was informed that
the estimated hospital charges were approximately $15,227.30. She was asked to
pay a deposit of $10,000 towards these fees, which she duly did.

4 Unfortunately, something went wrong during the angioplasty procedure and, as
a result, Mdm Tin Nyunt had to undergo urgent heart bypass surgery. Post-
operatively, she developed other complications that included a minor stroke,
infection, gangrene, bleeding into the gastro-intestinal tract and emotional
changes. All this resulted in a lengthy stay in the hospital. Mdm Tin Nyunt
was eventually discharged on 19 December 2004. On 29 December 2004, Parkway
sent Mdm Tin Nyunt an invoice for the sum of $537,432.34 being the balance due
after payments totalling $23,000 had been taken into account. Of the amount
claimed, $128,728.50 was described as being doctors’ fees.

5 While Mdm Tin Nyunt was in the hospital, there had been a change in the
management of the hospital. On 1 October 2004, pursuant to an internal
restructuring of the group to which both plaintiffs belonged, the hospital
business, assets and liabilities of MEM Holdings were transferred and assigned
to Parkway. Thereafter, the hospital was operated by Parkway and MEM Holdings
ceased to be involved in that business.

6 Mdm Tin Nyunt did not settle the invoice and this action was commenced
against the defendant in February this year. The statement of claim was
straightforward. It recited the Agreement, the medical services rendered to
Mdm Tin Nyunt, the assignment of MEM Holdings’ business and assets to Parkway,
the invoice and the failure by the defendant to pay the amount due despite
demand having been made therefor.

7 The defendant denied liability on various grounds. It is not necessary to
mention all of them as she elected not to give evidence at the end of the
plaintiffs’ case and therefore did not put forward an affirmative case of her
own. The pleaded contentions that the defendant relied on to defeat the
plaintiffs’ claim therefore related to the way in which that claim was
structured and the true meaning of the Agreement. In this connection, she
contended that cl 1 of the Agreement expressly or impliedly provided that she
would be liable to the hospital for all liabilities incurred by and on behalf
of Mdm Tin Nyunt relating, and limited, to the provision of medical facilities
for two days from 7 January 2004 for the angioplasty procedure and post-
insertion care in the sum of $15,227.30. The scope and ambit of the Agreement
was only to provide Mdm Tin Nyunt with three stents and medical facilities
before and after the insertion of the stents for a period of two days.
Accordingly, the defendant was not liable for facilities provided by the
hospital over and beyond the scope and ambit of the Agreement. The plaintiffs’
claim for $537,432.34 for medical facilities was outside the contemplation of
the Agreement and was not undertaken or provided for the defendant’s benefit
or at her behest. As such, the plaintiffs’ claim, if any, should be directed
to Mdm Tin Nyunt. A list of the ailments suffered by Mdm Tin Nyunt while she
was in the hospital was set out. The defendant averred that she had not
admitted Mdm Tin Nyunt to the hospital for any of those ailments nor had she
agreed to be responsible for medical facilities provided for treatment of the
same.

8 In respect of the plaintiffs’ claim for the professional charges of the
doctors who attended to Mdm Tin Nyunt, the defendant contended that she did
not engage these doctors and therefore was not liable for their fees.
Alternatively, she said that the plaintiffs did not have the _locus standi_ to
make the claim for the professional fees of the doctors who provided services
to Mdm Tin Nyunt. Further, the defendant pleaded that she had no knowledge of
the assignment from MEM Holdings to Parkway and put the plaintiffs to strict
proof of the same.

9 The issues that arose from the pleadings and from the defendant’s election
not to offer any evidence were as follows:

(a) What was the effect of the assignment of the Agreement by MEM Holdings to
Parkway and what rights against the defendant did Parkway obtain thereby?

(b) What, on the true construction of the Agreement, was the extent of the
defendant’s liability in respect of Mdm Tin Nyunt’s stay in the hospital?

(c) Did the plaintiffs have any legal basis on which to claim the fees of the
doctors who attended to Mdm Tin Nyunt?

**The first issue – the enforceability of the assignment**

10 As I have said, at the time the case commenced, there was only one
plaintiff, Parkway. At the end of Parkway’s case, the defendant elected not to
call any evidence. Her counsel, Mr James Ponniah, therefore commenced the
closing submissions on her behalf. In relation to the issue of the assignment,
he had two points. The first was that any amounts incurred in respect of
hospital services rendered to Mdm Tin Nyunt from 2 October to 19 December 2004
could not have been assigned by MEM Holdings to Parkway and therefore Parkway
was not entitled to sue the defendant for them since Parkway’s rights against
the defendant arose solely by virtue of the assignment of the Agreement. As
far as this point was concerned, there was little that Parkway could do to
rebut it.

11 The pleadings relied on the assignment by MEM Holdings. That assignment was
dated 1 October 2004 and by it, MEM Holdings conveyed and assigned all its
rights, title and interest in and to the written contracts between itself and
its patients in respect of the hospital and medical services provided by MEM
Holdings. This assignment therefore covered the Agreement between the
defendant and MEM Holdings. The rights that MEM Holdings had against the
defendant under the Agreement arose through the undertaking signed by her
therein that, in consideration of MEM Holdings admitting and/or rendering
medical services to Mdm Tin Nyunt, she would be liable, together with Mdm Tin
Nyunt, for all charges and expenses incurred by and on behalf of Mdm Tin
Nyunt. The undertaking was given to MEM Holdings and thus applied to
facilities provided by MEM Holdings to Mdm Tin Nyunt. What MEM Holdings
assigned to Parkway was what MEM Holdings itself would be entitled to recover
from the defendant for having provided services to Mdm Tin Nyunt. All services
provided by MEM Holdings ceased on 1 October 2004. Thereafter, the services
were provided by Parkway. Thus, the assignment only covered amounts that
accrued before Parkway took over the operation of the hospital. Any amounts
that Parkway itself incurred in providing services to Mdm Tin Nyunt after 1
October 2004 could only be recovered by Parkway from the defendant if she had
contracted with Parkway to be responsible for such charges. There was no such
contract.

12 The second point that Mr Ponniah took was a more technical one. He
submitted that as neither Parkway nor MEM Holdings had given notice of the
assignment to the defendant (a fact that was not disputed), Parkway was not
entitled to sue her in its own name. In making the submission, Mr Ponniah
relied on the established legal principle that, in order to transfer the legal
right to a debt by an assignment, an absolute assignment must be executed and
notice of this assignment must be given to the debtor. If no notice is given,
then, whilst the assignment will be valid in equity between the assignor and
the assignee, the debtor will not be bound and will be entitled to refuse to
pay the debt except to the original creditor. For the assignee to sue the
debtor to recover the debt, there must be a legal assignment. If the
assignment is only equitable, as it will be if no notice is given, then the
assignee cannot sue in his own name and the assignor must be made a co-
plaintiff.

13 Mr Ponniah’s point was a valid one. Whilst Parkway’s counsel, Mr Lek Siang
Pheng, did make some submissions in support of the course of action taken by
his client, the next day he recognised its strength by applying to add MEM
Holdings as the second plaintiff. I granted the application upon terms,
although it was late, as from the beginning of the action it was clear that
Parkway was suing as an assignee, and the problem was a technical one which
could have easily been averted had notice of the assignment been given to the
defendant before the commencement of the action or had MEM Holdings been made
a co-plaintiff at the beginning. Neither course would have been difficult
since MEM Holdings and Parkway were still part of the same group after the
sale of the hospital business from one to the other. Once the amendment was
effected, Mr Ponniah’s second objection no longer had any merit as far as the
claim for the charges incurred by Mdm Tin Nyunt before 1 October 2004 was
concerned.

**The second issue – the construction of the Agreement**

14 The Agreement (a standard form document entitled “Mount Elizabeth Hospital
Ltd Conditions of Services/Hospital Policies”) contained the following
material provisions:

1.**_FINANCIAL OBLIGATION:_**

The undersigned is liable to pay the account of the hospital immediately upon
his discharge in accordance with the prevailing rates and terms of the
hospital. In the event that the undersigned fails to pay any sum due to the
hospital on the date of his/her/the patient’s discharge, the hospital reserves
the right to charge interest at the hospital’s then prevailing rate on the
said sum from the date of the tax invoice until payment of the said sum is
made in full to the hospital, subject to a minimum interest payment of
S$10.00. For the avoidance of doubt, the hospital’s right to claim interest as
aforesaid shall not affect or prejudice its right to payment of the said sum
immediately upon his/her/the patient’s discharge.

The undersigned should obtain an estimate of his/her/the patient’s attending
physician’s/specialist’s charges from them. The hospital shall assume upon the
receipt of this signed conditions of services/hospital policies form that the
undersigned has familiarised himself/herself with the hospital charges and
fees and charges of his/her/the patient’s attending physician/specialist and
that the undersigned appreciates and is fully aware of the financial
obligations that he/she is undertaking in relation to his/her/the patient’s
hospitalisation and treatment.

15 This document was drafted so that it would be signed by both the patient
and another person undertaking to be responsible for the charges incurred by
the patient. At the end of the document after the portion that provided for
the signature of the patient, a paragraph entitled “Undertaking (Person Other
Than Patient)” (“the Undertaking”) appeared. The body of the Undertaking read:

I hereby declare that I am not an undischarged bankrupt and agree, in
consideration of your admitting and/or rendering medical services/facilities
to the patient, to be liable and/or to be jointly and severally liable with
the patient for all charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by and on
behalf of the patient including any interests chargeable and legal costs on an
indemnity basis as set out in paragraph 1 hereinabove. I confirm that my
agreement hereunder is an independent obligation which shall continue in full
force and effect notwithstanding that the patient or the person authorised by
the patient to sign on his behalf (as the case may be) is unable and/or
unavailable for any reason whatsoever to sign this document as required above.

In the instant case, the defendant not only signed the Agreement on behalf of
Mdm Tin Nyunt but she also signed the Undertaking on her own behalf.

16 The evidence given on behalf of the plaintiffs was that it was the
hospital’s practice to require a person other than the patient to provide a
guarantee and indemnity in respect of the hospitalisation expenses. Before a
patient was admitted into the hospital, the usual procedure was for the
patient and her guarantor to be given financial counselling by the hospital
about the estimated hospitalisation expenses based on what the patient’s
private medical specialist had indicated as the treatment to be given. The
hospital would put up an estimate of the charges to be incurred based on the
medical procedure to be carried out and the length of stay anticipated as
advised by the patient’s doctor.

17 One Ms Siew Mun Hong, who worked as a business office executive at the
hospital during the material time, testified that she had handled the
admission registration of Mdm Tin Nyunt on 7 January 2004. While she did not
remember Mdm Tin Nyunt specifically, she stated that she would have followed
her usual routine of registering the patient and giving financial counselling
except that in this case it was probable that Mdm Tin Nyunt herself may not
have been present at the admission counter since she did not sign either of
the two documents that were generated at that time. Probably, only the
defendant was present as she had signed both documents.

18 Ms Siew’s usual procedure when admitting a patient into the hospital was to
ask for the doctor’s admission letter first and then verify the patient’s
identity before proceeding to register the patient for admission. After
registration, she would proceed with financial counselling. This meant that
she would give a billing estimate to the patient based on the diagnosis and
the medical procedure or surgery intended to be carried out. To obtain this
estimate, Ms Siew would use a computer program provided by the hospital. The
patient’s diagnosis and the operation code for the intended medical procedure
would be keyed into the computer and that would generate an estimate of the
bill. Thereafter, Ms Siew would print out a document called the “Estimate of
Hospital Charges” (“the Estimate”). In this case, Ms Siew testified that she
would have keyed in the information based on the letter to the hospital from
Mdm Tin Nyunt’s cardiologist, one Dr Maurice Choo, stating that Mdm Tin Nyunt
was to be admitted for two days for the purpose of an angioplasty being
carried out.

19 Ms Siew stated that in a typical admission, the Estimate would be the first
document that she would bring to the attention of the patient and the
guarantor. When showing them the Estimate, it was Ms Siew’s usual practice to
emphasise that the figures shown were only estimates. She would go through the
estimated length of stay, the accommodation charges and the ancillary charges
(_ie,_ the charges for the use of the operating theatre, medication and
investigations). She would point out to the patient that the estimates given
did not include the doctors’ charges. Then, she would tell the patient that
the hospital needed a deposit and that the deposit could be set off against
the hospital bills. Thereafter, the patient and guarantor would be asked to
sign the Estimate. Next, Ms Siew would go through the hospital’s Conditions of
Services/Hospital Policies form with the patient and the guarantor. The latter
would have to sign that document as well after reading it. Copies of both
documents signed would be given to the patient.

20 The Estimate produced for Mdm Tin Nyunt indicated that the accommodation
charges for two days would be $878 and the ancillary charges would be
$14,349.30 resulting in the “Total estimated hospital charges” being
$15,227.30. The Estimate also stated that the deposit required was $10,000.
The Estimate provided for signature by the recipient and the defendant duly
signed it. The following paragraphs appear above the signature portion of the
Estimate:

Please note the following:

The above estimated hospital charges are averages based on the previous
hospital patients with similar diagnosis and treatment. The actual bill may
differ depending on the final diagnosis, treatment received and the actual
length of stay in the hospital. The estimated hospital charges stated above
are at best estimates only.

The Hospital does not warrant that the actual charges payable by the above-
named patient upon discharge would be similar to the estimated total charges
stated above. This would depend on the final diagnosis, treatment received and
the actual length of stay of the patient.

21 Ms Siew testified that at no time during the registration and financial
counselling on 7 January 2004 did she inform or represent to the defendant
that the eventual hospital bill would be limited to the amount stated in the
Estimate. She agreed, in the course of cross-examination, that neither the
Estimate nor the Agreement said anything specific about charges incurred as a
result of complications arising during treatment. She was aware that from time
to time patients did suffer complications but she said that she did not give
any information to the defendant or to other patients about complications
because it was not her position to do so. Her position was to deal with what
the patient before her was being admitted for and the Estimate generated by
the computer.

22 Mr Ponniah submitted that the Agreement, properly construed, did not permit
the plaintiffs to recover all the charges that were sustained by Mdm Tin Nyunt
while she was in the hospital. It only permitted them to recover an amount
that was in the region of the estimate given to the defendant. The evidence of
the plaintiffs showed that the financial counselling that was given to the
defendant was limited to the procedure for which Mdm Tin Nyunt was being
admitted and the number of days of hospitalisation that she was supposed to be
admitted for. When the witness, Ms Siew, was asked what she had advised about
complications, she had replied that she was not in a position to advise about
that matter. So, all that the defendant was told on the day of admission was
that the estimated costs were $15,227.30. Whilst the Estimate might have
included phrases like “final diagnosis” and “actual length of stay”, no one
had given the defendant financial counselling on what would happen if there
were complications. So, he asked, what was the premise that the defendant
contemplated when she signed the Agreement? His answer was that she
contemplated the angioplasty procedure and two days in hospital. In fact, that
was what both parties contemplated but instead, a situation had occurred that
neither had anticipated from which all sorts of complications had arisen.

23 I put it to Mr Ponniah that he could not say that it was completely out of
the parties’ contemplation that something similar to what happened might
happen since Mdm Tin Nyunt was in the hospital for treatment and many things
might go wrong in such a situation. Mr Ponniah’s reply was that if “they” (by
which I think he meant MEM Holdings) had knowledge that such complications
might arise, then the Agreement should have reflected that and provided
expressly for expenses arising out of medical complications to be paid.
Instead, he submitted, the Agreement as it stood was very uncertain as to
whether complications were within its ambit. In this situation, since the
Agreement and the Estimate were both drafted by MEM Holdings, any ambiguity
should be interpreted against the interests of MEM Holdings in accordance with
the application of the _contra proferentem_ rule. In this connection, he cited
_Lexi Holdings plc v Garth Scott Stainforth_ [2006] EWCA Civ 988 (17 July
2006), a decision of the English Court of Appeal which, in applying the
_contra proferentem_ rule to the case before it, explained the basis of the
rule in the words of Lord Mustill in _Tam Wing Chuen v Bank of Credit and
Commerce Hong Kong Ltd_ [1996] 2 BCLC 69 at 77 as follows:

[T]he basis of the contra proferentem principle is that the person who puts
forward the wording of a proposed agreement may be assumed to have looked
after his own interests, so that if words leave room for doubt about whether
he is intended to have a particular benefit there is reason to suppose that he
is not.

24 Mr Ponniah referred to cl 1 of the Agreement and in particular the
following wording:

The hospital shall assume upon the receipt of this signed conditions of
services/hospital policies form that the undersigned has familiarised
himself/herself with the hospital charges and fees … and that the undersigned
appreciates and is fully aware of the financial obligations that he/she is
undertaking in relation to his/her/the patient’s hospitalisation and
treatment.

He also referred to the subsequent language in the Undertaking that states:

… for all charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by and on behalf of the
patient …

He submitted that the defendant signed the Agreement after she was provided
with the Estimate upon which she relied to “[familiarise] … herself with the
hospital charges and fees” and that this familiarisation provision coloured
and blinkered the ambit of the subsequent “all charges” provision. That
phrase, _ie_ , “all charges” could not be extended to cover the situation that
was encountered after 7 January 2004 when the defendant signed the Agreement.
In his submission, the said phrase on a proper construction meant all charges
and expenses incurred in respect of the angioplasty and the two subsequent
days on which it was anticipated that medical services would be required. The
phrase “all charges” was not a stand-alone phrase with latent _carte blanche_
propensities. Rather, it was a phrase that had to be construed in the context
of the whole document to cater for the particular factual matrix that existed
on 7 January 2004.

25 I was referred to the recent decision of Kan Ting Chiu J in Suit No 584 of
2004 (“Suit 584/2004”). The plaintiff in that case was MEM Holdings under its
previous name of Mount Elizabeth Hospital Ltd. It had provided medical
facilities and services to one Lee Chin Siew (“the patient”). The defendant in
the action was the patient’s son, Lee Wee Chai. The patient had been admitted
to the hospital on 8 May 2003 for an operation and a seven-day stay. At the
time of admission, the defendant had been given an estimate of $6,322.90 in
respect of the hospitalisation charges and he had signed an agreement in
identical terms to that signed by the defendant. Unfortunately, complications
occurred while the patient was in the hospital and he remained in the hospital
for several months and subsequently died. The hospital sued the defendant for
$260,783.09. The defendant resisted the action on various grounds including
the assertion that the plaintiff’s claim was outside the scope, ambit and
contemplation of the agreement signed by the defendant. Eventually,
interlocutory judgment was entered in favour of the plaintiff and the
defendant was ordered to pay the plaintiff the hospitalisation and other
charges of the patient connected with the original treatment contemplated,
including a reasonable period of recovery, as assessed by the registrar, and
taking into account the estimated hospital charges given by the plaintiff to
the defendant. Mr Ponniah, who was counsel for the defendant in that case as
well, urged me to take the same course of action as had been followed there.

26 I was not persuaded by Mr Ponniah’s submissions. I accepted the plaintiffs’
submissions presented by their counsel, Mr Lek, that there was no ambiguity in
the Agreement and that the defendant was bound to pay all the hospital charges
incurred in relation to Mdm Tin Nyunt from 7 January 2004 to 1 October 2004
whether the same arose out of the procedure originally contemplated or out of
the unfortunate medical complications that occurred while Mdm Tin Nyunt was in
the hospital. In the circumstances of this case, the _contra proferentem_ rule
did not apply.

27 I agreed with Mr Lek that the contract between the parties was the
Agreement and the Agreement alone and that the Estimate was itself not a
contract between them. The defendant’s liability pursuant to the Undertaking
was expressly and clearly spelt out in the Agreement both in cl 1 thereof and
in the body of the Undertaking itself. That wording was unambiguous. There was
no limit on the liability to pay of the person giving the Undertaking. By
signing it, the defendant agreed to be liable to the plaintiffs for _all_ the
hospital’s charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by and on behalf of Mdm
Tin Nyunt.

28 The Estimate could not be used to modify the liability of the defendant
under the Undertaking. Its wording was plain as can be seen from the
paragraphs that I have cited in [20] above. That language clearly indicated to
the reader that the figure of $15,227.30 was an average estimate based on
previous cases. It was pointed out that the actual bill might differ depending
on the diagnosis, the treatment and the actual length of stay. Again, the
estimated charges were “at best” estimates only. The second paragraph quoted
indicated that no warranty was given by the hospital that the actual charges
payable upon discharge would be similar to the estimated charges. Again, it
was repeated that the actual charges would depend on the final diagnosis, the
final treatment received and actual length of stay of the patient.

29 Mr Lek reminded me that the defendant’s liability had to be determined
solely on the construction of the Agreement and that the court had, in
accordance with the ruling of the Court of Appeal, to take an objective
approach when construing a contract. As stated by Karthigesu JA in _Pacific
Century Regional Developments Ltd v Estate of Seow Khoon Seng_ [1997] 3 SLR
761 at [17]:

The law on the construction of documents is clear. In the case of a contract,
such as the agreement in question which is wholly in writing, the court is
required to ascertain the mutual intention of the parties as expressed in the
words of the agreement. The law is concerned with the objective appearance,
rather than with the actual fact, of agreement. It is not concerned with the
actual intentions of the parties, rather it is the court’s task to decide what
each party was reasonably entitled to conclude from the conduct of the other.

30 As far as the decision in Suit 584/2004 was concerned, Mr Lek submitted
that I could not take it as a precedent as no grounds for the decision had
been given. I agreed. There were various defences in Suit 584/2004, not all of
which had been raised in the present case. I did not know precisely why Kan J
had come to the decision he did and I could not guess his reasons for doing
so. As far as the case before me was concerned, I was satisfied that
contractually the defendant had undertaken to pay for all medical services
provided by MEM Holdings to Mdm Tin Nyunt. The words “all charges, expenses
and liabilities” had to be given their plain meaning and could not be limited
to the estimated charges indicated at the beginning in the Estimate. In any
case, it was apparent that the defendant had been warned that the initial
figure given to her was only an estimate and was only in respect of a two-day
stay during which an angioplasty procedure would be performed. The defendant
did not give evidence. There was no indication that anything was said to her
that was in conflict with the plain words of either the Agreement or the
Estimate. This absence of evidence also undermined Mr Ponniah’s argument about
what the defendant was familiarised with when Ms Siew gave her the financial
counselling. The defendant did not testify that anything Ms Siew said to her
made her believe that, in any situation and whatever happened, the total
amount payable by her for her mother’s stay in hospital would only be
$15,227.30. The evidence of Ms Siew was that she would have told the defendant
that that sum was an estimate only. There was no evidence to contradict that
that was what was actually said or that could support an argument that the
defendant had entered into the Agreement on a basis that was different from
that expressed in the document itself.

**The third issue – liability for the doctors’ fees**

31 The sum originally claimed by Parkway in this action was made up of the
following components:

(a) $431,535.84 for the facilities and services rendered by the hospital (of
which $88,452.04 represented charges accruing on and after 1 October 2004);

(b) $168 for the ambulance that conveyed Mdm Tin Nyunt when she was discharged
from the hospital;

(c) $128,728.50 being the fees charged by the various consultant medical
practitioners who attended to Mdm Tin Nyunt while she was in the hospital.

32 Mr Ponniah submitted that the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover from
the defendant the sum of $128,728.50 charged by the various doctors because
each of these doctors had a separate contract with Mdm Tin Nyunt and their
fees were not covered by the Agreement. The plaintiffs agreed that the doctors
were not their employees but were independent contractors who were allowed to
offer medical services at the hospital. They nevertheless argued that they
could recover the doctors’ fees because the defendant had undertaken to pay
for all charges, expenses incurred by and on behalf of Mdm Tin Nyunt. I did
not accept this argument. My construction of the Agreement was that in
undertaking to pay “all charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by and on
behalf of the patient”, the defendant had been undertaking to pay all such
amounts incurred by Mdm Tin Nyunt in respect of MEM Holdings only since the
consideration for the undertaking was MEM Holdings’ agreement to admit Mdm Tin
Nyunt into the hospital and render medical services and facilities to her. The
doctors were not employed by MEM Holdings and the defendant had no contract
with them. It was clear from the evidence that MEM Holdings required Mdm Tin
Nyunt to obtain her own specialists and did not provide these doctors as part
of its medical services. MEM Holdings itself did not incur any liability to
any of the doctors by reason of their attendance on Mdm Tin Nyunt. By
including the doctors’ fees in its bill, it was simply acting as a collection
agent on behalf of the doctors. That might have been a convenient way of
collecting the fees, but it could not impose a legal liability on the
defendant that did not otherwise exist. I therefore held that the plaintiffs
had no legal basis on which to recover the doctors’ fees from the defendant.

**Conclusion**

33 For the reasons given above, at the end of the trial, the plaintiffs
obtained judgment against the defendant in the sum of $320,083.77 (being the
amount Mr Lek confirmed represented hospital charges incurred for the period
from 7 January 2004 to 1 October 2004 less the amount of $23,000 already
paid).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

