Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Pauline Bradnam v Lee Thien Terh George  
[2006] SGHC 84

Case Number | : | OS 123/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 May 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yeong Zee Kin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anamah Tan and Veronica Joseph for the plaintiff; Koh Tien Hua and Tan Shin Yi for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lee Pauline Bradnam — Lee Thien Terh George   
  
18 May 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
AR Yeong Zee Kin:

1\. The issue before me is whether an order for periodic maintenance falls
within the definition of a judgment within the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Commonwealth Judgments Act (RECJA), and is thus registrable under the Act.
Having heard submission of counsel, I am of the view that periodic maintenance
orders are not registrable or if they are, it is neither just nor convenient
to register the periodic maintenance order in this case.

**Brief facts**

2\. The Plaintiff and the Defendants were married in Singapore in 1982; they
have 3 children from their marriage. The marriage broke down and the children
are now living with the Plaintiff in Australia; the Defendant resides in
Singapore.

3\. In 2002, the Defendant commenced divorce proceedings in Australia and
_decree absolute_ was made on 29 June 2003. In respect of ancillary matters, a
Child Support Agreement was entered into on 28 August 2003. The Child Support
Agreement was registered as an Order of Court on 15 June 2005. Upon its
registration, the Family Court of Australia in Melbourne noted:

… that the parties have entered into a child support agreement pursuant to
which the husband pays periodic child support for each of the children in the
sum of $24,266.66 per annum together with tuition expenses at Knox Private
School and private health insurance at the current rate. Whilst all 3 children
are children in respect of whom a child support agreement can operate, the
periodic child support is the equivalent of $1,400 per week. As each child
ceases to be covered by the child support agreement, the weekly payment of
child support will be reduced by the amount of child support previously
payable in respect of the child in respect of whom the child support agreement
no longer operates. However it is the intention of the parties that, upon the
younger two children attaining the age of 17 years, the parties will do all
acts and things necessary to consent to an order being made pursuant to
Section 66L(1) of the Act which provides that the husband provide periodic
child maintenance equivalent to that payable under the child support agreement
for that child after the expiration of the child support agreement and
notwithstanding that the child has attained the age of 18 years and to enable
the child to complete his first degree at a tertiary education institution.

4\. Under the Child Support Agreement, the Agreement was to have been
registered at a child support agency. However, the agency declined to register
the Agreement as the Defendant was not a resident in Australia for tax
purposes at the time the Agreement was entered into.

5\. The Defendant breached the Order by failing to pay maintenance for the
children; arrears stood at AUD$132,179.28 at the time when the originating
summons was filed. As the Plaintiff believed that the Defendant has assets in
Singapore, she instructed solicitors to register the Order made by the Family
Court of Australia in Singapore under the Reciprocal Enforcement of
Commonwealth Judgments Act (RECJA).

**Whether maintenance orders are registrable judgments**

6\. The Minister of Law, via Declaration under Section 5 of the RECJA, has
extended the RECJA to the Family Court of Australia. A judgment under the
RECJA means:

any judgment or order given or made by a court in any civil proceedings, …
whereby any sum of money is made payable, …

7\. Under section 3 of the RECJA, an application may be made and the High
Court may, if it is just and convenient for the judgment to be enforced in
Singapore, order the judgment to be registered accordingly. There are,
however, some restrictions to registration under sub-section (2).

8\. For a judgment to be registrable under the RECJA, it has to be for a sum
of money that is payable. Drawing an analogy from cases where a foreign
judgment is enforced locally under common law, the foreign judgment sought to
be registered has to be final and conclusive: _Hong Pian Tee v Les Placements
Germain Gauthier Inc_ [2001] 3 SLR 418; [2002] SGCA 18. The requirement for
final and conclusiveness is also a prerequisite for registration under the
RECJA: section 3(2)(e)—

_Restrictions on registration._

(2) No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if—

…

(e) the judgment debtor satisfies the registering court either that an appeal
is pending, or that he is entitled and intends to appeal, against the
judgment; …

9\. Hence, a judgment that is registrable under the Act must be final and
conclusive in the sense that no appeal is pending. Put in another way, since
only judgments whereby a sum of money is made payable are registrable under
the Act, a foreign judgment has to be one for a defined sum and which is
payable immediately before it can be considered for registration. Although, to
my mind, it is conceivable that a judgment which is for a defined sum payable
in defined traunches — where the amount payable and the date payable is
clearly defined — may also be registrable.

10\. In contrast, an order for maintenance (except for an order for lump sum
maintenance payable immediately) is characterised by the fact that the sums
due are payable periodically and due only in the future. A plaintiff who has
obtained an order for periodic maintenance — as in this case, for $1,400
weekly until the child turns 17 — cannot convert such an order into its
equivalent in a lump sum and demand that sum immediately: she has to go before
the court that made the periodic maintenance order to vary it, and if it is
converted into a lump sum maintenance order, certain discounts would typically
be made.

11\. This touches on the second characteristic of a periodic maintenance
order. It is amenable to variation when there are changes in the circumstances
of the parties involved. Its duration may be extended, for example in a case
where periodic maintenance for a child originally ordered until he turns 21 is
extended when, upon reaching that age, the child is still undertaking tertiary
education and requires maintenance to continue. The quantum may also be
varied, for example where a husband falls into impecuniosity and can no longer
keep up with the periodic maintenance ordered.

12\. Based on these reasons, I do not think that maintenance orders that are
not lump sum maintenance orders payable immediately are registrable judgments
within the meaning of the RECJA. In the event that I am wrong, I am of the
view that it is neither just nor convenient to register maintenance orders
that are not payable in a lump sum immediately under the RECJA.

**Whether just and convenient to register periodic maintenance orders**

13\. Moving away from the nature of maintenance orders, I consider also the
effect of registration. To do so, I contrast registration of foreign judgments
under the RECJA and the Maintenance Orders (Reciprocal Enforcement) Act
[MO(RE)A]. The RECJA provides for a straight forward regime of registration
and enforcement of the registered foreign judgment as though it was ‘a
judgment obtained or entered upon … in the registering court’: s 3(3)(a)
RECJA. The Act provides only for a regime of enforcement and does not empower
the registering court to vary the registered judgment: s 3(3) RECJA —

(3) Where a judgment is registered under this section —

…

(b) the registering court shall have the same control and jurisdiction over
the judgment as it has over similar judgments given by itself, _but in so far
only as relates to execution_ under this section; … [Emphasis mine.]

14\. Registering maintenance orders under the RECJA would therefore only allow
enforcement. Any variation would then have to be made in the foreign court
that made the order. The varied maintenance order will then have to be
registered again for enforcement. What then happens to the first registered
maintenance order? The RECJA does not specifically provide for revocation of
registered judgments.

15\. Contrast this with the MO(RE)A, which provides for a comprehensive system
not only for registration and enforcement, but also for variation and
revocation of maintenance orders thus registered: ss 8 and 9 MO(RE)A —

**Enforcement of maintenance order registered in a Singapore court.**

**8.** —(1) A registered order may be enforced in Singapore as if it has been
made by the registering court and as if that court has had jurisdiction to
make it; and proceedings for or with respect to the enforcement of any such
order may be taken accordingly.

…

**Variation and revocation of maintenance order registered in a Singapore
court.**

**9.** —(1) Subject to this section, the registering court —

(a) shall have the like power, on an application made by the payer or payee
under a registered order, to vary or revoke the order as if that court had had
jurisdiction to make it; and

(b) shall have power to vary or revoke a registered order by a provisional
order.

16\. The MO(RE)A applies to maintenance orders ‘which provides for the
periodical payment of sums of money towards the maintenance of any person’: s
2 MO(RE)A. It specifically empowers the registering court to vary or revoke
registered orders. As I have noted above, the nature of maintenance orders
that are not payable in a lump sum immediately are such that they are amenable
to variation. Registration of maintenance orders should therefore be under the
MO(RE)A — or the older Maintenance Orders (Facilities for Enforcement) Act —
instead of under the RECJA.

17\. For these reasons, I do not think that registering maintenance orders
that are not lump sum payable immediately would be just or convenient under
the RECJA.

18\. Turning to the peculiar facts of the present case. The maintenance orders
were obtained in Australia but not registrable there as the Defendant is not a
resident for tax purposes. If that is the case, it would mean that his income
is probably derived outside of Australia. Assuming that his income is derived
in Singapore (since the Defendant is resident in Singapore), it would be
imperative that a foreign maintenance order, if registered and enforced in
Singapore, should be capable to variation and revocation. The D’s earning
capacity would be a very relevant factor in the making of maintenance orders
that are payable periodically in the future and the court enforcing it will
require flexibility to vary it in response to changes in his financial
circumstances. I would expect that the court within the jurisdiction where his
income is derived would normally be better placed to make, enforce and vary
such periodic maintenance orders.

19\. It is unfortunate that tax residency is a relevant factor for
registration of the child support agreement with the child support agency in
Australia. As a result of her inability to register the child support
agreement, the Plaintiff is not able to register the Order under the MO(RE)A
through the Ministerial channels prescribed in section 6 of the Act. However,
I have also to consider the effect of registering such a judgment for periodic
maintenance on the Defendant and the ability of the registering court to vary
or revoke the registered judgment in response to changing circumstances of
parties in the future. For the reasons set out above, I do not think that it
would be just or convenient to register the periodic maintenance order in this
case under the RECJA.

Plaintiffs’ registration of the Order of the Family Court of Australia
relating to the Child Support Agreement is set aside.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 May 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

