Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Caterpillar Inc v Ong Eng Peng (formerly trading as Catplus International)  
[2006] SGHC 58

Case Number| :| Suit 863/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 April 2006  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andy Leck, Daniel Chia and Geoffrey Liem (Wong &amp; Leow
LLC) for the plaintiff; Boey Swee Siang (Rajah &amp; Tann) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Caterpillar Inc — Ong Eng Peng (formerly trading as Catplus
International)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Offending marks similar to
plaintiff's registered trade marks in relation to goods and services identical
or similar to those for which plaintiff's trade marks registered – Whether
defendant infringing plaintiff's registered trade marks  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Passing off – Offending marks similar to
plaintiff's registered trade marks and get-up under which plaintiff's products
and services offered to public – Whether goodwill or reputation attaching to
plaintiff's products and services in mind of public by association with
plaintiff's trade marks and get-up – Whether defendant liable for passing off  
  

4 April 2006

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant had committed trade mark
infringement and passing off and sought relief by way of injunction, an order
for obliteration of the defendant’s infringing mark and/or an order for
delivery up or destruction of the defendant’s offending goods, and (at the
plaintiff’s option) an inquiry as to damages, statutory damages or an account
of profits.

**The case for the plaintiff**

2 The plaintiff, a company incorporated in the US, testified through its trade
mark attorney, James Michael Hurst, that it is in the business of designing,
manufacturing, marketing, distributing and selling an extensive range of
industrial, agricultural, construction, mining and road-building equipment
together with the parts and accessories for such equipment. It also provides
services such as the rental, maintenance, repair and distribution of its said
products by itself and/or through its subsidiaries, licensees and authorised
dealers and distributors. It has been operating since 1925, when it was formed
from a merger of two companies. It is a global company and is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange. In 2004, its worldwide sales and revenue amounted to
some US$30.251bn. According to the 2005 Global Brands Annual Report by
_Business Week_ and Interbrand Corporation, it had a brand value of more than
US$4bn. It has a website located at &lt;http://www.cat.com&gt;.

3 The plaintiff is the registered proprietor of, amongst others, the following
trade marks in classes 7 and 12 in the Singapore trade marks register:

![](data:image/png;base64,) ![](data:image/png;base64,)

4 As the world leader in construction and mining equipment, the plaintiff is
well known for its products and services. Apart from its registered trade
marks, other distinctive features and get-up on its products and services are
instantly recognisable as belonging to the plaintiff. To identify its
products, the plaintiff uses a distinctive get-up, the prominent features of
which included the use of, amongst others, its registered trade marks
T8900215J and/or T8900211H, which have the word “CAT” in white and a triangle
device in yellow directly beneath the “A”, superimposed over a black patch
with a red line running across the black patch (“the get-up”). The black patch
is located on the yellow body of the plaintiff’s products.

5 The plaintiff has been trading in Singapore since 1939 and, as at the last
quarter of 2005, maintains a presence in Singapore through various wholly-
owned subsidiaries, practically all of which had the word “Caterpillar” in
their names. Through Caterpillar Sarl (Singapore branch office), the plaintiff
sells its products to Tractors Singapore Ltd, its sole authorised dealer in
Singapore, Christmas Island and the Maldives. Tractors Singapore Ltd is also
responsible for the provision of the plaintiff’s aforesaid services. Since at
least 1988, the plaintiff, by itself and/or through its subsidiaries,
licensees and authorised dealer, has been marketing and selling its products
and services in Singapore by reference to the get-up and the use of “CAT” or
“CAT” with the triangle device directly under the “A” (“CAT marks”). Net sales
of the plaintiff’s products in Singapore and in Asia between 2000 and 2005,
bearing or using the get-up and the plaintiff’s CAT marks, run into hundreds
of millions of US dollars annually.

6 The plaintiff and its associates also advertised and promoted its products
and services extensively by reference to the plaintiff’s registered trade
marks, its get-up and its CAT marks. As a result of the extensive use and
marketing activities, the plaintiff has built up and owns goodwill in its get-
up and its CAT marks, which have become so well known in Singapore and
elsewhere such that they have become synonymous with and distinctive of the
plaintiff.

7 In addition, the plaintiff’s registered trade marks, products and services
are well known in Singapore and throughout the world and are the subject of
trade mark, patent and design applications and registrations worldwide, using
the words “CAT” and “CATERPILLAR” with or without the triangle device directly
beneath the “A”.

8 The defendant was formerly trading as Catplus International with its
registered place of business at 23 Dunearn Close (the defendant’s residential
address) and a place of business at 122 Middle Road, #01-13, Midlink Plaza
(“the Midlink Plaza address”). The registered business activities were said to
be “manufacture and repair of construction machinery and parts” and “machinery
and equipment”. He terminated this sole proprietorship on 22 September 2004.

9 The defendant has used, in the course of business between 9 February 2004
and 22 September 2004, one or more of the following signs or marks, namely
“CATPLUS” by itself or with the letters in yellow or white on a black
rectangular background with a red line running across the black background,
together with the inscription “CATPLUS INC, USA” in small-sized print at the
bottom right-hand corner of the rectangle (“the offending marks”). He also
dealt in construction equipment and machinery affixed with the offending marks
(“offending products”).

10 Sometime in December 2003, the plaintiff received information that the
defendant and another entity known as Worldwide Techno-Builders Group (1973)
Pte Ltd, now known as Worldwide Techno-Equipment Group (1973) Pte Ltd
(“Worldwide”), were dealing in offending products. In February 2004, the
plaintiff instructed private investigators to look into the business
activities of the defendant and to determine if the defendant and/or Worldwide
had any equipment yard housing offending products for sale in Singapore and to
make a purchase of such products.

11 In January 2005, the plaintiff’s former solicitors made printouts of some
salient pages from the defendant’s website at &lt;www.catpluscorp.com&gt;
(“the website in issue”), including the sections on its products, corporate
information and contact information. In July 2005, the plaintiff’s present
solicitors conducted an instant information search through BizNet on
Worldwide. The search showed Worldwide having its registered office at Catplus
International’s business address at the Midlink Plaza address. The defendant
and his elder brother, Derrick Ong Puay Khoon, were two of the three directors
on record. The shareholders were listed as Powerplus Group Pte Ltd (with its
address being the same Midlink Plaza address) holding 138,000 shares, See Siok
Ngoh (the defendant’s mother, with the same residential address as the
defendant) holding 450,001 shares and the defendant holding 49,999 shares.

12 The investigation report and the printouts from the website in issue showed
that the defendant’s assertion that Catplus International was dormant since
registration and never did any business was a sham. This was because Catplus
International was identified as the party which the public should contact in
case of interest in the products and services listed on the website. The
website was about a business dealing in construction equipment and machinery,
the same activities as those of the defendant. Catplus International was also
identified as the Asian main office of the Catplus group of companies, located
at the Midlink Plaza address. The defendant was present at the said address
when the private investigators went there and it was he who dealt with the
private investigators. After this action was commenced in October 2004, the
website in issue was altered from:

CONTACT INFORMATION

CATPLUS INTERNATIONAL

Asia Main Office: [the Midlink Plaza address]

…

CATPLUS INC., USA

…

to:

CONTACT INFORMATION

CATPLUS INC.

INTERNATIONAL

Asia Main Office: [the Midlink Plaza address]

…

U.S.A. HQ

…

13 The defendant has been a director of Worldwide since August 2002 and holds
7.8% of its shares. Worldwide shares the same Midlink Plaza address. Even if
he had met the private investigator in his capacity as a director or employee
of Worldwide, as he had claimed, it was impossible that he did not know the
nature of Worldwide’s business. The brochures that he handed to the private
investigator in February 2004 bore the name “Catplus” and made reference to
the website in issue which in turn referred to the defendant’s sole
proprietorship as the contact point. The plaintiff has also commenced
proceedings against Worldwide and Derrick Ong Puay Khoon for trade mark
infringement and passing off (in Suit No 667 of 2005).

14 At no time did the plaintiff give its consent to the defendant, to
Worldwide or to any of the entities listed in the defendant’s website or the
brochures to use the plaintiff’s CAT marks in any way whatsoever. Through the
said website and the brochures, the defendant used, in the course of trade,
the offending marks. The offending marks were signs that were similar to the
plaintiff’s CAT marks in relation to goods and services identical with or
similar to those for which the plaintiff’s CAT marks were registered. The
offending marks were visually similar to the plaintiff’s CAT marks. In
addition, they were phonetically similar to the plaintiff’s CAT marks because
of the identical prefix “CAT”. This similarity was very significant as there
was less significance attached to the suffixes. It was industry practice for
the plaintiff to be known as “CAT”, with even its website being designated as
&lt;http://www.cat.com&gt;. It was also industry practice for the plaintiff’s
products to be known as “CAT” products as a shorthand version of
“CATERPILLAR”.

15 “CATPLUS” was also conceptually similar to “CAT” since the suffix “PLUS”
was merely laudatory and entirely non-distinctive in nature. It merely denoted
something positive or in addition to and served no purpose in distinguishing
the offending marks from the plaintiff’s registered trade marks bearing the
word “CAT”. It also did not inform the public that the offending products did
not originate from the plaintiff.

16 Due to the nature of the defendant’s business activities, he should know
about the plaintiff’s CAT marks, its highly distinctive get-up and registered
trade marks. The offending products were identical with or similar to those
for which the plaintiff’s CAT marks were registered. The yellow and black get-
up, the red line running across the black background, the general scheme and
arrangement adopted by the defendant for the “CATPLUS” mark is similar to the
plaintiff’s get-up. The defendant’s choice and use of the “CATPLUS” mark
therefore confused members of the public into believing that the defendant’s
products and services originated from or were somehow related to the plaintiff
or that “CATPLUS” was related or connected with the plaintiff.

17 Apart from these similarities, the offending products deliberately adopted
a get-up and nomenclature and model numbers used exclusively by the plaintiff.
For instance, while the plaintiff’s wheel loader machine bore the model number
918F, the defendant’s equivalent bore the model number 918P. The defendant’s
acts were therefore calculated to mislead the public into believing that the
defendant’s products were sold by or originated from the plaintiff or were
even improved versions of the plaintiff’s products.

18 The defendant’s colour scheme and design also intentionally mimicked the
plaintiff’s get-up and he had taken no steps to distinguish his offending
products from the plaintiff’s products. The omission to do so was intentional
and specifically designed to create confusion among potential purchasers of
the offending products.

19 The website in issue also adopted a get-up similar to the plaintiff’s,
which predated the defendant’s as the plaintiff’s website was created in March
1993 while the defendant’s was created in July 2002. Besides the fact that the
names of both parties’ websites were similar, the “CATPLUS” mark appeared in
the same location on the website in issue as the plaintiff’s “CATERPILLAR”
triangle device on the plaintiff’s website. These two marks were also cast in
light colour over a dark background at the top left corner of the respective
homepages. They were also in similar font. The scroll-down menus in both
websites were also set out horizontally at the top of the respective
homepages.

20 On 21 July 2005, the plaintiff’s solicitors conducted a WHOIS search on the
Internet in respect of the defendant’s website. A WHOIS search is an online
search on the website, &lt;www.whois.sc&gt;, to determine “as is” information
about domain name registration records. It was revealed that the registrant of
the website in issue was “Catplus Corporation” of “21 Chandos Way, Wellgarth
Road, London, En NW117HF, GB”.

21 There were references on the website in issue and in the brochures given to
the private investigator to various entities such as “Catplus Inc, USA” and
“Catplus Corporation, Ltd, Tokyo, Japan”. The plaintiff conducted
investigations on the US entity in the Delaware Corporate Records database and
discovered such a corporation registered in the state of Delaware. However,
the use of registered agents of the corporation and the apparent lack of
information on the said entity suggested that it was not an active
corporation. Investigations into the Japanese entity, through searches
conducted in two well-known databases (Nikkei Telecom and Teikoku Databank),
revealed that there was no such corporation in Tokyo. A search at the five
central Tokyo Legal Affairs Bureaus also confirmed that there was no entity
going by the name “Catplus” in Tokyo.

22 In July 2005, the plaintiff caused a search to be made on the United
Kingdom Companies House website for “Catplus” and found no company with that
name in the UK. It was also revealed by private investigators there that the
address, 21 Chandos Way, Wellgarth Road, London, En NW117HF, GB, belonged to a
second and third floor residential flat and that neither of the residents on
those premises had ever been an officer of any UK limited company. The private
investigators also found no company in the UK called “Catplus Corporation” or
any other similar name. The online business directories did not contain any
listing for this name and there was also no telephone listing for such an
entity anywhere in the UK. It was admitted by the defendant in his testimony
in cross-examination that 21 Chandos Way belonged to his late father, Ong
Choon Seng.

23 The plaintiff also pointed out that it had used (since 1975) and registered
(since 1984) the mark “CATPLUS” and variations thereof in the US and France
although all had since lapsed.

24 The plaintiff alleged that it had suffered or was likely to suffer
irreparable loss and damage as the construction equipment and machinery and
services offered by the defendant on his website and in the brochures were
similar or identical to the plaintiff’s. They were therefore in direct
competition with the plaintiff’s products and services. The defendant, on his
own or in conjunction with Worldwide or others, had sold one Catplus 14G-III
motor grader and one Catplus 966-III wheel loader to parties in Sudan, offered
for sale to the plaintiff’s authorised dealer there Catplus 14G-III motor
graders, Catplus 160G-III motor graders, Catplus 966S-III wheel loaders and
Catplus D8S-II bulldozers and sold five Catplus 160G-III motor graders in
Pakistan. These products were of inferior quality and the continued use of the
offending marks on the offending products was injurious to the plaintiff’s
goodwill and proprietary rights in its registered trade marks. The offending
products would also expose the plaintiff to liability or risk of litigation
from unsuspecting buyers and users. The plaintiff’s trade marks would also
lose their reputation and value since they would no longer be exclusively and
solely distinctive to the plaintiff.

25 The plaintiff believed that there would be a likelihood of confusion among
members of the public or of the trade if the “CATPLUS” mark was allowed to
remain in use since it was likely that such people would chance upon the
plaintiff’s trade marks and the “CATPLUS” mark and assume that the machines
with the same colour and scheme of design were the plaintiff’s. The plaintiff
alleged that the defendant had deliberately taken advantage of its goodwill in
order to mislead customers through the infringing acts and passing off.

26 Philip Tan See Wei, the operations manager in Commercial Investigations LLP
who was engaged by the plaintiff, testified that his two private investigators
visited the Midlink Plaza address at about noontime on 9 February 2004. There
was no signage at or near the entrance to the premises. The glass door was
locked and no one appeared to be inside although the lights were switched on.
Upon returning to the premises at 5.15pm that day, there were two men inside –
a male Chinese and a male Malay. Pretending to be commission agents sourcing
for equipment on behalf of a client, the private investigators entered the
premises. The male Chinese introduced himself as James. It was not disputed by
the defendant that he was James.

27 The defendant claimed to have run out of calling cards. He gave the private
investigators a calling card bearing the name Derrick Ong, Chairman of
Worldwide, after crossing out the said name and writing his own on the card.
The card had the “CATPLUS” mark and described Worldwide and/or Derrick Ong as
the exclusive distributor of Catplus Inc, USA. The telephone and fax numbers
were the same numbers listed in the defendant’s website. Investigations
revealed that the subscriber of the telephone at the Midlink Plaza address was
United Traders (1953) Pte Ltd, a company linked to the defendant’s family.

28 The defendant told the private investigators that his firm dealt in
Komatsu, Kobelco and Caterpillar brands of machinery and equipment. However,
for the Caterpillar brand, he claimed that Worldwide only dealt with used
equipment. He also said that its house brands were “Catplus” and “Powerplus”.
The defendant gave the private investigators a folder marked “CATPLUS” which
contained some brochures for Catplus products. The brochures were in respect
of the Catplus, Powerplus and Powerpac brands of machinery. The defendant
explained that the latter two brands belonged to the Powerplus Group, Inc,
USA. He claimed that Catplus Inc, USA was a subsidiary of Powerplus Group, Inc
and that both Catplus International and Worldwide, which were owned by the
same person, were agents for Catplus and Powerplus equipment in Singapore.
Asked whether Caterpillar and Catplus were related, the defendant said the two
were different companies and their products used different power plants or
engines.

29 The defendant said that the Catplus brand was relatively new in Singapore
and that there was therefore no used machine. He claimed that there were no
orders received for Catplus equipment but that he had three second-hand
Komatsu excavators parked in a rented yard in Tuas, the address of which he
declined to reveal.

30 Syed Ghazanfar Habib (“Syed”) was the country manager and director of
Allied Engineering &amp; Services Limited, the plaintiff’s authorised sole
dealer in Pakistan. He had dealt with the plaintiff’s products for almost
seven years.

31 In August 2005, he visited a company in Lahore, Pakistan and saw a Catplus
motor grader painted in yellow and black with “CATPLUS” in white letters,
where the trade mark “CAT” or ‘CATERPILLAR” would have been on one of the
plaintiff’s machines, superimposed on a black patch with a red line running
across. The machine was designated as a Catplus 160G-III motor grader. The
plaintiff also manufactured motor graders designated as Caterpillar 160H and
Caterpillar 160HNA. While examining the Catplus machine, he noticed that the
plate on the engine looked like those found on the plaintiff’s machines. The
layout of the plate was the same as the plaintiff’s and there was a “CAT”
mark, with a yellow triangle device, on its top left corner. The plate also
claimed to be a “Caterpillar diesel engine made under license from Caterpillar
Inc, USA”. The engine model CAT 3306B(L) was similar to the nomenclature used
for the plaintiff’s engines. The engine looked like the plaintiff’s but its
finishing was comparatively poorer. The workmanship of the motor grader was
also inferior to that of the plaintiff’s machines. For instance, the paintwork
was substandard and peeling and a number of weld cracks were visible.

32 It was unclear to Syed, a marine engineer, whether the Catplus machine that
he saw was manufactured by the plaintiff. He believed that the plaintiff was
supplying its engines to Catplus and that there was some connection between
the plaintiff and Catplus. Concerned that his company’s business would be
adversely affected, in July 2005, he emailed the Territory Manager of
Caterpillar Sarl to enquire whether the plaintiff had an agreement to supply
its engines to Catplus. Upon receiving word that the plaintiff was not
supplying its engines to Catplus, Syed requested a letter from the plaintiff
to confirm this fact so that he could clear up any confusion and prove to
customers and potential customers that Caterpillar and Catplus were not linked
in any way. Such a letter was sent by the plaintiff to him.

33 Abdelhadi Mohamed (“Abdelhadi”) was the construction and mining sales
manager of Sudanese Tractor Company Limited, the plaintiff’s authorised sole
dealer in Sudan. In May 2005, he was driving near the Khartoum International
Airport when he saw what looked like one of the plaintiff’s machines parked on
a low bed truck. He stopped to take a closer look and found out that it was a
motor grader with the same “CATPLUS” mark as the one in Pakistan described
above. This machine was designated a Catplus 14G-III motor grader, a
designation similar to the nomenclature used by the plaintiff for its
machines. A plate on the machine indicated that the machine was produced in
October 2004 and that it was “a premium product by Catplus Corporation,
Singapore under license of Catplus, Inc, USA a subsidiary of Powerplus Group,
USA”. A Powerplus logo was also on the plate. An engine plate, similar in
layout as the plates on the plaintiff’s machines, bore the “CAT” mark at the
top left corner, stated that the engine model was CAT 3306B(L) and that the
engine was a “Caterpillar diesel engine made under license from Caterpillar
Inc, USA”. The plaintiff used similar model numbers for its engines. The
quality of the workmanship on the machine that he saw was inferior to that of
the plaintiff’s machines.

34 Later, Abdelhadi also saw a Catplus 966S-III wheel loader which used the
same yellow and black colour scheme as the Catplus motor grader.

35 Having learnt about the defendant’s website, Abdelhadi visited it
subsequently and filled in a feedback form online, inquiring about Catplus
equipment and their specifications. He received a reply from one “Siew”
informing him about the availability of certain machines using model numbers
similar to those used by the plaintiff. A few days later, Siew e-mailed him
with information on a dealer in Sudan who had been representing Worldwide in
Sudan for the past two years.

36 It was unclear to Abdelhadi, an engineer, whether the two machines that he
saw were manufactured by the plaintiff.

**The case for the defendant**

37 The defendant, a media and business consultant, was the only witness for
the defence. He denied that he had infringed the plaintiff’s trade marks. He
registered Catplus International on 16 August 2002 but had never traded under
this name. The sole proprietorship remained dormant and there was absolutely
no activity, whether in relation to goods or services bearing the “CATPLUS”
mark or in respect of any other business whatsoever. On 22 September 2004, he
deregistered Catplus International, more than a month before the present
action was commenced against him, as he was not interested in the business.

38 The defendant claimed that he did not own or use the website in issue and
was not responsible for its contents. He also claimed that the said website
was Worldwide’s. He asserted that the Catplus International mentioned in the
“Contact Information” page of that website could not refer to his business
simply because he had never traded under that name and had already terminated
that business. He surmised that it could perhaps be a reference to the
international or representative office of Catplus Corporation, Ltd (of Japan)
or Catplus Inc (of USA), both of which were mentioned in the website.
Accordingly, the plaintiff’s allegations of infringement of its trade marks
and of passing off in respect of the website’s contents were misconceived. He
believed that the plaintiff had sued the wrong party.

39 The defendant said that he never had any business at the Midlink Plaza
address. From time to time, he would turn up at that location “to borrow its
premises” to do some work for his own businesses, which related to music and
had nothing whatsoever to do with manufacturing, repairing and/or dealing in
construction equipment. The premises there did not belong to him and neither
was he a tenant therein. The premises were occupied by Worldwide. As Worldwide
was a “family company”, he would help out there from time to time, doing
things like answering telephone calls and attending to trade inquiries. He was
a nominal director (on his mother’s behalf) but was not an employee of
Worldwide. He had no management role there. His brother, Derrick Ong, who was
not familiar with the Internet, had asked him to reserve the name Catplus
International for Worldwide.

40 On the day that the private investigators visited the Midlink Plaza
address, the defendant happened to be there doing his own work. The Malay man
was a driver. As there was an inquiry relating to Worldwide, he explained to
the private investigators the company’s business, the range of products
available and answered questions pertaining to the Catplus products. He also
handed over some brochures. He did not try to sell the any products to the
private investigators or inform them that he was trading under Catplus
International. As indicated in the investigation report tendered by the
plaintiff, he also expressly informed the private investigators that
Caterpillar and Catplus were different companies.

41 The defendant pointed out that the “CATPLUS” mark was visually and
phonetically different from the plaintiff’s trade marks anyway. There was
therefore no likelihood of confusion among members of the public simply
because of the three common letters “CAT”. As for the allegations on passing
off, as he had never traded as Catplus International, he could not have made
any representations which would have led to confusion between the Catplus
products and the plaintiff’s. The defendant therefore asked that the action
against him be dismissed with costs.

42 In cross-examination, it was shown that the defendant was listed as a
director, owner, shareholder or manager at some time or other in numerous
companies and business entities, including one known as Catplus International
Pte Limited, whose registered office was his residential address, and several
using the name “Komatsu” (the name of a leading manufacturer of construction
equipment and machinery not related to the defendant in any way). He was
apparently made a director of Catplus International Pte Limited on 22 November
2004, after the commencement of this action, by someone in Worldwide without
his knowledge or consent as certain people in Worldwide possessed his password
for the BizFile system run by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority. The defendant claimed that he was not even aware that his name had
been used in a number of these companies and business entities, and that he
had never traded in construction equipment, a business that his late father
was involved in.

43 The defendant explained that he conducted his media and business consulting
work under the name Starssurfing International Pte Ltd. He operated from his
home or from an office unit owned by his late father in Midland House, next to
Midlink Plaza. He made use of the Midlink Plaza address as one of his artistes
was the son of his brother, Derrick. There was also a proper conference room
there. He would go there to meet with artistes and others in the music
industry. Some of the staff in Worldwide had left the office on the day that
he met the private investigators.

44 The defendant held a Bachelor of Science (Honours) degree (in mathematics
and management) conferred by the University of London and a post-graduate
diploma in financial management from New York University. He was familiar with
the writing of programs, source codes, developing search engines and hosting
of websites. Catplus International’s name was put on the website in issue by
Worldwide and he has informed Worldwide to delete the reference to his
business entity.

**The decision of the court**

45 The plaintiff’s case against the defendant was that the website in issue
and the brochures (given by him to the private investigators) featured the
offending marks as well as offending products with a get-up which was
confusingly similar to the plaintiff’s get-up. The plaintiff also accused the
defendant of bad faith in having features on his website similar to those used
on the plaintiff’s and in adopting nomenclature and model numbers used
exclusively by the plaintiff.

46 Where trade mark infringement is concerned, s 27(2) of the Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) provides:

A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign where
because –

(_a_) the sign is identical with the trade mark and is used in relation to
goods or services similar to those for which the trade mark is registered; or

(_b_) the sign is similar to the trade mark and is used in relation to goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

47 The defendant has not raised any statutory defence to the plaintiff’s claim
for infringement of trade mark. His defence was that he could not be
responsible for the acts alleged by the plaintiff as he never did any business
under Catplus International and had nothing to do with the website in issue.
He claimed that he was only assisting his “family company” (Worldwide) when he
dealt with the private investigators in February 2004. Accordingly, he was the
wrong party sued by the plaintiff.

48 The plaintiff criticised the defendant for his reticence in naming the
correct party to sue until a few days before the trial commenced, when his
solicitors filed his opening statement. In that opening statement, Worldwide
was named for the first time as the proper defendant. The plaintiff submitted
that although there was evidence that Worldwide was responsible for the
marketing, sale and distribution of the offending products, that would not
detract from its claim against the defendant because its claim was not founded
on such acts of infringement.

49 I did not believe the defendant’s assertion that he had done no business
under the name of Catplus International. That name was the only Catplus entity
that had a real existence at the time of the commencement of this action.
Catplus Inc in Delaware, USA, was an inactive shelf company and the other
Catplus companies named in the website in issue were non-existent. Catplus
International was described in the website in issue as the “Asia Main Office”
of the Catplus group. Its address and contact numbers were set out in the
“Contact Information” page of the website in issue. It was the first point of
contact for anyone interested in Catplus machinery after having visited the
website in issue. It was, in reality, conducting business even if it was not a
profit centre in the chain of supply and sale of Catplus machinery.

50 The Midlink Plaza address had no signage outside its entrance. It was
nevertheless Catplus International’s business address. The brochures on
Catplus products were provided by the defendant to the private investigators.
They referred to the website in issue which, in turn, referred to his business
entity and its business address. The defendant scratched out Derrick Ong’s
name on the calling card and inserted his own. If he was at the premises quite
fortuitously when the private investigators went there, he would have informed
them to call his brother for further information or discussions. At most, he
would have written his name on the calling card without the need to delete his
brother’s name. The fact that he did so showed that he was not just visiting
the Midlink Plaza address to help out in a family company. He was in truth
conducting business from that address, even if he had another business address
in the next building. After all, he was also a director and shareholder in
Worldwide operating at the same address.

51 It was too much of a coincidence that the defendant deregistered Catplus
International on 22 September 2004 and then mysteriously appeared as a named
director in Catplus International Pte Ltd two months later on 22 November 2004
(until 1 March 2005), after the commencement of this action on 26 October
2004. Why did he register the sole proprietorship two years ago anyway? If, as
he claimed, he did so at the behest of his brother, Derrick Ong, why did the
defendant not know the purpose of registering the business? Further, why did
he make an apparently unilateral decision to deregister it subsequently? In
all probability, the new company was to facilitate the continued trading of
Catplus machinery by him, whether alone or in conjunction with others, without
the personal liability that the sole proprietorship would have attracted. I
disbelieved his testimony about someone in Worldwide having his password in
the BizFile system registering his name as a director without even informing
him. It was simply too remarkable that an unknown someone would also choose
the name Catplus two months after the defendant had deregistered his sole
proprietorship of the same name. The defendant was well educated and was
certainly no novice in matters relating to computer technology and in business
affairs. He would surely know the importance of keeping such passwords
confidential. If he did disclose his password to someone, then that someone
must be a trusted person and the defendant would surely be able to identify
him or her without any difficulty.

52 The website in issue was in all likelihood designed and maintained by the
defendant. He was well versed in information technology and e-commerce. The
purported registrant of the said website, Catplus Corporation, was a non-
existent entity which had an address belonging to his late father and which
was linked as the administrative contact to another website
(&lt;www.starsgroup.com&gt;) belonging to another of the defendant’s
businesses (Stargateway).

53 The defendant claimed to have told Worldwide to remove the reference to
Catplus International from the website in issue but remained nonchalant about
whether they did remove it, purportedly because Catplus International was not
conducting any business anyway. This evidence could not be truthful. He had
been dragged into litigation because of the website. Surely he would want to
make sure that the nexus between him and the website was broken. Worldwide
was, in his words, a family company. He should have no trouble whatsoever
ensuring that his request was attended to. After all, there was no allegation
about bad relationships within his family and he was a director in Worldwide
until 27 October 2005 and remained a shareholder therein. In any event, his
purported request to Worldwide showed that he understood the website in issue
to be referring to his business and not, as he surmised, the international
office of some entity of the same ilk.

54 Clearly, the plaintiff did not consent to the defendant, Worldwide or any
of the entities listed in the website in issue or in the brochures using any
of its CAT marks and no such consent has been alleged by the defendant.
Section 27(4) of the Trade Marks Act provides that a person “uses” a sign if
he offers goods and services under that sign, uses it on catalogues or other
commercial documents in any medium or uses it in advertising. To amount to
infringement, the use must have been “in the course of trade”. “Trade”,
according to s 2(1) of the Trade Marks Act, includes any business or
profession. It is wide enough to include any form of commercial dealing in
goods or services. The phrase “in the course of trade” has been said to refer
to any activity carried out “for the purposes of trade” rather than “in trade”
and is thus wide enough to include any activity between the production of
goods and the actual placement of the goods in the market (Tan Tee Jim SC,
_Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ (Sweet &amp; Maxwell Asia,
2nd Ed, 2005) at paras 10.19 and 10.20). The defendant had, through the
website in issue and the brochures, offered goods for sale under the offending
marks, used the offending marks on catalogues and commercial documents and in
advertising. There was therefore use in the course of trade.

55 The offending marks are obviously not identical to the CAT marks but are
they similar? To examine the issue of similarity, one does not take into
account any external added matter or circumstances and the comparison should
be mark for mark (_Origins Natural Resources Inc v Origin Clothing Ltd_ [1995]
FSR 280). One must also take the mark as a whole and not nitpick for
individual similarities. Under the doctrine of imperfect recollection, marks
are not compared side by side and examined in detail because the person who is
confused often makes comparison from memory removed in time and space from the
marks (M Ravindran, _Butterworths’ Singapore Statutes, Intellectual Property,
Trade Marks Act – A Commentary_ (LexisNexis, 2002 Ed) at p 42).

56 The plaintiff’s trade marks and the offending marks are essentially word
marks. The plaintiff submitted that the first syllable for word marks was
always important given that people tended to remember the first syllable and
slur the remaining ones. The defendant retorted that while that might be
generally correct, it was not possible to slur the aspirative “p” in Catplus.
Although some of the plaintiff’s CAT marks are coupled with the triangle
device beneath the “A”, the significant and prominent part, visually and
aurally, is still the word “CAT”. Visually and aurally, the offending marks
are similar to the plaintiff’s CAT marks. The ideas conveyed by marks should
also be considered. In this respect, the offending marks are conceptually
similar to the plaintiff’s CAT marks as the suffix “PLUS” is merely laudatory.
It suggests that the offending products are an upgraded or improved version of
Caterpillar products. It is therefore not sufficiently distinctive to
distinguish the offending marks from the plaintiff’s. The additional
inscription of “CATPLUS INC, USA” at one corner is in small-sized print and is
hardly noticeable. This inscription does not appear in every instance where
“CATPLUS” was used. In any event, even if one notices this inscription, the
word that will stand out is again “CAT”. In my view, the offending marks are
similar to the plaintiff’s CAT marks. The decision in _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP
v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR 816 is of no assistance to
the defendant as the “POLO” mark there was not considered distinctive as it
was almost never used on its own but in conjunction with other words or marks.
In addition, the addition of the word “PACIFIC” there is quite different from
the present case of merely attaching a laudatory appendage to the plaintiff’s
“CAT”.

57 In determining the issue of similarity of goods or services, the decision
in _British Sugar plc v James Robertson &amp; Sons Ltd_ [1996] RPC 281 is
instructive. There, Jacob J considered the following to be relevant factors in
determining similarity:

(a) the respective uses and users of the respective goods or services;

(b) the physical nature of the goods or acts of service;

(c) the respective trade channels through which the goods or services reach
the market;

(d) in the case of self-serve consumer items, where in practice they are
respectively found or likely to be found in supermarkets and, in particular,
whether they are or are likely to be found on the same or on different
shelves; and

(e) the extent to which the respective goods or services are competitive. This
includes how those in the trade classify the goods.

On the facts of the present case, there can be no doubt that the goods and
services of the defendant are identical or, at least, very similar with the
plaintiff’s.

58 The plaintiff suggested that the question whether there is use “in
relation” to goods or services depends on whether those goods or services are
the primary or principal items of trade or merely vehicles used to serve other
trade objectives. This argument appears to have been taken from _Law of Trade
Marks and Passing Off in Singapore_ ([54] _supra_ at para 10.50). On the facts
here, the offending marks were applied to the offending products and were used
on the website in issue and the brochures to advertise and offer for sale the
said products. Such use would surely fall within the ordinary meaning of “used
in relation to goods or services”. The position is no different even if the
defendant’s trade in such goods and services was only a small part of his
otherwise legitimate business.

59 In considering where there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of
the public because of the defendant’s use of the offending marks, all the
surrounding circumstances should be considered, including the visual, aural
and conceptual similarities between the plaintiff’s CAT marks and the
offending marks, the distinctiveness and long-standing use of the trade marks
and the amount invested in promoting them, the nature of the goods or services
in question and the kind of customers who buy or use them.

60 As indicated earlier, the offending marks are similar to the plaintiff’s
CAT marks and the offending products are identical or, at least, very similar
with those of the plaintiff. The good and services in issue are relevant
essentially to those engaged in the construction industry and are therefore
directed at the same market. Although it can be expected that the probable
purchasers and users of such goods and services would possess a level of
knowledge of construction equipment and machinery beyond that of the average
man in the street, not all such purchasers are global conglomerates with
institutional research and knowledge. The CAT marks are highly distinctive in
the industry and have been used here since 1988. They have been supported by
substantial advertisement and promotion. It seems to me that it is very likely
that a significant segment of potential purchasers and users would be confused
by the defendant as to the source of the goods and services and may even
believe that the offending products are enhanced or updated models of the
Caterpillar equipment and machines. Even experienced traders in the industry
(as attested to by the plaintiff’s witnesses) experienced some uncertainty as
to the origin of the defendant’s goods when they saw the name plates. The
court may take into account the likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public overseas (_Sime Darby Edible Products Ltd v Ngo Chew Hong Edible Oil
Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 360) in determining whether there is likely to be
confusion here.

61 Accordingly, I find that the plaintiff has proved its case on infringement
of its trade marks.

62 Where passing off is concerned, the plaintiff has to show that:

(a) goodwill or reputation attaches to the plaintiff’s products and services
in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the plaintiff’s CAT
marks and get-up under which the plaintiff’s products and services are offered
to the public, such that the plaintiff’s CAT marks and get-up are recognised
by the public as distinctive of the plaintiff’s products and services and no
other;

(b) the defendant has made misrepresentations to the public leading or likely
to lead the public to believe that the defendant’s goods or services originate
from or are associated with the plaintiff; and

(c) the plaintiff has suffered or is likely to suffer damage.

63 In Christopher Wadlow, _The Law of Passing-Off_ (Sweet &amp; Maxwell, 2nd
Ed, 1995) at para 2.33, the learned author states:

Rather than establishing a branch or subsidiary of his own in a foreign
territory, a trader may appoint another independent trader to represent him
there. … Whatever the status of the representative, provided that the goods
handled by him are identified with the foreign supplier rather than the
importer, then the supplier will have goodwill in the territory into which the
goods are imported.

64 The plaintiff’s sole authorised dealer, Tractors Singapore Ltd, has
achieved substantial sales here in respect of the plaintiff’s goods and
services which are identified with the plaintiff rather than Tractors
Singapore Ltd. The impressive sales coupled with the advertisement and
promotion expenditure evidenced the plaintiff’s goodwill and reputation here.

65 The defendant’s cumulative acts of adopting a mark similar to the
plaintiff’s CAT marks and of model numbers and nomenclature used exclusively
by the plaintiff would tend to mislead a significant segment of the purchasing
public that his goods and services originated from the plaintiff or that there
was a business connection between the parties. The defendant was aware of the
plaintiff and its goods and services, as shown by his reply to the private
investigators’ question about whether the plaintiff and Catplus International
were related. Because of the stand taken by him in his defence, he has offered
no evidence as to how the offending marks and get-up came to be adopted for
the offending products. His involvement in the businesses shown in the search
and in Catplus International, his seeming ease in answering the commercial
inquiries of the private investigators, together with his late father’s
involvement in trading in construction equipment all show that he was not
disinterested in the business of construction equipment and machinery,
contrary to what he professed in court. Clearly, he knew the effect his acts
would have on the public and he intended that effect.

66 The plaintiff here only needs to prove the likelihood of damage in order to
succeed in its claim in passing off. It cannot be disputed that the
defendant’s goods and services were in direct competition with the
plaintiff’s. Naturally, the defendant’s business would take away unfairly part
of the legitimate business of the plaintiff. There was therefore every
likelihood of damage.

67 I therefore find that the plaintiff has also proved its case in passing off
against the defendant.

68 According, I give judgment for the plaintiff and grant the injunctions
sought to restrain the defendant from infringement of the plaintiff’s CAT
marks and from passing off his goods and services as those of the plaintiff.
The inquiry as to damages or an account of profits is to be conducted by the
Registrar. The plaintiff is also awarded costs of the proceedings up to the
stage of trial. Costs pertaining to the inquiry before the Registrar are
reserved to the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Apr 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

