Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NK v NL  
[2006] SGHC 204

Case Number | : | DT 3202/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kanagavijayan (Kana & Co) for the petitioner; Sarbrinder Singh (Kertar & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  NK — NL   
  
Family Law – Custody – Care and control and access – Whether infant's welfare
better looked after by mother or father  
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Wife – Maintenance of former wife – Quantum of
maintenance – Matters to be considered – Section 114 Women's Charter (Cap 353,
1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Apportionment of assets – Section
112(2) Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

21 November 2006

Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 The parties herein were granted (on an amended petition and cross- petition)
a divorce decree _nisi_ on 3 May 2005. Subsequent thereto, ancillary matters
came up before me for determination. I then made the following orders on the
issues of division of matrimonial assets and custody of the children:

(a)  NL (“the husband”) was to pay NK (“the wife”) $300,000 for the wife’s
share of the matrimonial property (“the Property”) in consideration for which
the wife would execute a transfer of her interest in the Property in favour of
the husband, who was to reimburse the wife’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
withdrawals plus interest which she had utilised in the purchase.

(b)  The transfer of the Property was to be effected within 30 days of the
date of the order of court.

(c)  The husband was to transfer to the wife the title to a Mercedes Benz
vehicle (“the Car”) and pay off the Car’s outstanding hire-purchase
instalments.

(d)  The husband was to pay the wife a further sum of $515,000 as her half
share of the matrimonial assets by ten equal monthly instalments of $51,500
each commencing from 1 October 2006.

(e)  The husband and the wife were to have joint custody of the two youngest
children of the marriage, _viz_ A and B, while the husband was to have care
and control of B until she completed her “O” level examinations.

(f)  The husband was to continue to pay for the education and living expenses
of B so long as B studied and completed her education in Singapore.

(g)  As long as the wife resided in Singapore, she was to have reasonable
access to B at all times.

(h)  The husband was to continue to pay for A’s educational expenses in the
United States until A completed her high school education, such expenses to
include school fees and living expenses with the payment to be made direct to
A’s bank account. In the event A gained admission to an American university,
the husband would continue to pay for her education and living expenses.

(i)  The husband was to pay a monthly maintenance sum of $3,600 to the wife to
be credited directly into the wife’s POSB account.

(j)  The wife was to be paid $50,000 of the husband’s CPF savings in his
ordinary account when the husband attained 55 years of age pending which there
would be a charge on the husband’s CPF account for the amount.

(k)  Each party was to bear its own costs.

The wife, being dissatisfied with my decision, has appealed against all my
orders in Civil Appeal No 86 of 2006.

**The background**

2 The parties were married on 10 July 1982 when the wife was only 19 years
old. The couple had four children between 1982 and 1992, the eldest and second
child are now 24 and 22 years old respectively and both have completed their
tertiary education; the eldest child is already working while the second child
is serving his national service. The husband is a director in his family’s
fish import and export business (“TFA”) in which business the wife claimed she
has helped since 1984. The wife also helped to run another family business of
the husband (“SAN”).

3 By 1985, the two businesses were not doing well so the wife started (with
the husband’s sister) a florist shop, which business was eventually wound up
in the late 1980s (due to mismanagement by the wife according to the husband).

4 At the husband’s behest, the wife registered in or about 1986 a wholesale
business (“EAF”) to which she added the husband as a partner in the early
1990s. (The husband complained that the wife disobeyed his instructions which
were to register the business for him with him as the sole-proprietor.)

5 In 1994, the husband and his family encountered problems in running TFA.
Consequently, the husband started another company called TFI of which he
became managing director while the wife was made a director on 1 January 1997.
The wife was given 10% of the shareholdings in the company. She alleged the
husband forced her to give up her shares which were transferred to the eldest
child in March 2004. The wife also claimed she was never paid director’s fees
up to the time she was forced to resign from the company on 30 November 2004.
The husband disputed her resignation, claiming the wife left the company of
her own accord and he further alleged that she was too lazy to work. The wife
deposed she did not look for other employment after her resignation. She felt
that at 42 years of age and with her qualifications (“O” level certificate)
she would not be able to secure another job. Instead, she decided to devote
her time to looking after A and B.

6 When she started working in TFA in 1984, the wife said she was paid $300 per
month. When she started working in TFI in 1994, her salary was $2,500 per
month which sum was gradually increased until it reached $2,800 around 2003.
The husband disputed the figure of $2,800, claiming the wife’s last drawn net
salary was $2,240.

7 The wife deposed to a comprehensive list (numbering 13 items) of her duties
in EAF and TFI which included managing the accounts. This claim was disputed
by the husband who said he had accounts staff to do the work. The husband also
allegedly expected her to liaise with customers and to attend to their
requirements and proposals. The wife was required to accompany the husband on
business trips to help build good commercial relationships. However, since the
divorce, the husband had not asked her to go on such trips.

8 The wife claimed the business of TFI prospered but the husband would or did
not declare the profits he made therefrom. Instead, he used the profits to
invest in foreign currencies and to make other investments. She was unaware of
his investments until she chanced upon documents in June/July 2004, which
revealed that the husband’s cash and time deposits with banks (in local and
foreign currencies) totalled $5,065,299.29.

**The wife’s assets, liabilities and expenses**

9 In her first affidavit of means filed on 14 July 2005, the wife deposed she
had the following assets:

(a) cash in five bank accounts (three current and two fixed deposits)
amounting to $22,500.80;

(b) CPF savings of $49,354.41, $30,500 and $24,067.54 in her ordinary,
medisave and special accounts respectively;

(c) joint owner with the husband of the Property for which she had utilised a
principal sum of $94,200.00 from her CPF savings (with accrued interest of
$26,967.00 as of 9 July 2005) towards its purchase.

The wife’s liabilities were essentially credit card expenses, which sums were
negligible.

10 The wife was the assured under four insurance policies of $50,000 value
each which she had effected on the lives of her four children and for which
she said she paid premiums totalling $250 per month.

11 The wife listed her monthly expenses as $8,395. The figure comprised of
household expenses of $3,345 (food, maid and foreign domestic worker’s levy,
utilities, telephone/mobile telephone, Internet charges and groceries), $3,650
for her personal expenses (petrol, car park fees, maintenance of car, bodyline
slimming course, clothes/shoes/accessories, cosmetics, hair/manicure/pedicure,
entertainment, gifts (weddings/birthdays), $200 for medical expenses, $1,000
for overseas travel and $200 for her parents’ pocket money.

12 The wife justified her high expenditure on the basis that throughout her
marriage, she was used to eating high quality restaurant food, for which on
the average she spent $30 to $50 per meal once a week. She spent on average
$100 on petrol every five days and was accustomed to shopping regularly,
spending on average $800 per month on branded goods. She incurred car parking
fees of $150 at hotels and restaurants that she frequented. Further, the wife
claimed, she had spent $3,000 on one year’s bodyline slimming course for which
she attended at least one session every week. The wife deposed she had her own
circle of female friends with whom she spent one to two evenings every week at
coffee clubs; she also went to the cinemas regularly.

13 As she wanted B to join A to study in the United States, the wife deposed
she would be travelling more frequently to America and required on average
$12,000 a year for airfare alone. After the Property was sold (which was one
of her prayers), she would not be buying an alternative property immediately
but would live in the United States while her children studied there. She
would therefore need US$2,000 per month to rent accommodation for the period A
and B studied there, which she estimated to be seven to eight years in the
case of B.

14 In addition, the wife wanted $32,576.44 or US$19,276 and $26,801 or
US$15,859 as monthly maintenance sums for A (aged 17) and B (aged 14)
respectively. She claimed that the husband had agreed to allow the two
daughters to further their studies in the United States to which intent and
purpose she had taken them to California in May 2005 (for a month), with the
husband’s blessings, to look at schools there.

15 The wife deposed that the couple had “upgraded” from an executive Housing
and Development Board (“HDB”) flat at Pasir Ris to a terrace house at Elias
Road (“the Elias Road property”) before buying the Property. She claimed that
the husband made a net profit of $100,000 when the HDB flat was sold and
another $300,000 profit when the Elias Road property was sold for $1m in
1996/97. She received no share of the profits despite the fact that she had
used her CPF savings for both the HDB flat and the Elias Road property. The
husband used first the profits from the HDB flat to pay for the Elias Road
property and later the $300,000 from the Elias Road property to pay for the
Property in 1993 when it was purchased for $1.31m. In her third affidavit
filed herein, the wife demanded that the husband account for the profits he
made from selling the HDB flat and the Elias Road property.

16 The wife claimed 50% of all the husband’s assets, including the car and
another Mercedes Benz, the businesses of EAF and TFI as well as two units of
industrial properties owned by TFI at Eunos Techno Link and Pasir Ris
Industrial Park valued at $400,000. The wife further claimed 30% of the
husband’s CPF savings, 70% of the value of the Property, 50% of the value of
the husband’s memberships in Raffles Town Club, Chinese Swimming Club and
Warren Golf and Country Club and 50% of the husband’s business in another
company, GL. The wife also wanted the husband to pay her director’s fees from
1 January 1997 to April 2004, for her directorship in TFI.

17 As for maintenance, she asked for $8,395 per month for herself claiming
that the husband’s payment of $2,800 per month (which sum she described as
“petty” and “miserly”) by an order of court dated 24 March 2005 was only an
interim measure that she accepted, pending the hearing of ancillaries.
Moreover, she would be living in California where the cost of living would be
higher than Singapore.

18 The wife requested a separate sum of $8,344 per month for the maintenance
of A and B whose custody she wanted.

**The husband’s assets, liabilities and expenses**

19 The husband, who is 48 years of age, disputed the wife’s affidavit of means
and her claims. In his first affidavit of means, the husband deposed that when
he first met the wife in 1979, she was schooling while he was helping out in
his family’s fishery business. He denied that marriage to him put paid to the
wife’s plans to further her studies; she was not interested in studying. He
said he was a responsible father who had never neglected the needs of any of
his four children. He had paid for the education of the eldest child at London
School of Economics, University of London, and of the second child at the
University of California. Although the eldest child was 24 years of age and
was already working in a local bank, he still supported her and had purchased
a motor vehicle for her which hire-purchase instalments he bore together with
the expenses relating to road tax, insurance, maintenance and repairs. He was
similarly supporting the second child who had enlisted in national service
after completing his degree course. That included paying his club membership
with the Chinese Swimming Club.

20 The husband revealed that A was studying in a local secondary school when
she left for the United States with the wife and B in May 2005. The trip was
not (as the wife claimed) to source for suitable schools for the two daughters
but to attend the second child’s graduation ceremony which he also attended.
Although he wanted A and B to complete their “N” level and “O” level
examinations respectively in Singapore before going abroad, they told the
husband they wanted to study overseas, particularly in the United States,
where the wife’s sister resided.

21 Of late, the wife requested the husband to apply for permanent residency
for her in America (green card status) so that A and B would pay cheaper
school fees and it would be easier for them to become immigrants and find
employment in the United States subsequently. To that end, the husband said he
paid US$20,000 to an American lawyer for the green card application for the
wife.

22 The husband did not deny the wife’s assertions relating to his businesses
or to his means but disputed her contributions to either. In so far as the
businesses were concerned, the husband pointed out that SAN (of which he was
the manager) was a sole-proprietorship of TFI. Although SAN was a live
business on record, it had no value and the husband derived no income
therefrom. SAN was the husband’s father’s business before the latter retired.

23 Similarly, TFA had no value, he derived no income therefrom and the company
was struck off on 20 November 1999, according to the records maintained with
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”).

24 As for EAF, the husband similarly claimed he received no income from the
partnership as it was no longer doing any business. He alleged (which the wife
admitted in her second affidavit) that the wife withdrew a total of $28,000
from the bank account of EAF on two occasions in December 2004 and had not
complied with his solicitors’ demands to repay the sum.

25 In the case of TFI, the husband disclosed he was paid a gross monthly
salary of $12,000 by the company which, after CPF deductions, gave him a net
pay of $10,500. (In the submissions of his counsel, the husband’s monthly
income was revised to $15,000 a month based on the husband’s income tax
assessments for the years 2000 to 2004, although his monthly salary of $12,000
was also reflected in those assessments). The husband alleged that the company
had been making losses for the past three years and produced audited accounts
filed with ACRA to support his claim.

26 The husband listed his assets as follows:

(a) the Property which was purchased in the couple’s joint names partly with a
secured loan of $1m from Standard Chartered Bank (“the SCB loan”) and partly
by $440,332.55 withdrawn from his CPF savings (the husband had fully repaid
the SCB loan);

(b) the Car (purchased in 2003 for about $208,000) which was used exclusively
by the wife although the hire-purchase instalments and all the expenses of its
upkeep and maintenance were borne by him;

(c) another Mercedes Benz vehicle (“the second car”) which the husband
purchased in 2001 for about $300,000 with a loan of $150,000; the hire-
purchase instalments had been fully paid by the husband who also paid all the
expenses for the second car’s upkeep;

(d) two life insurance policies taken out with NTUC Income for a total insured
sum of $150,000 which beneficiaries were his estate and his family;

(e) numerous bank accounts with amounts totalling $1,016,128.61;

(f) CPF savings of $57,590.19, $30,940 and $56,606.55 in his ordinary,
medisave and special accounts respectively; and

(g) memberships of the Warren Country Club and Chinese Swimming Club worth
$15,000 each, as well as membership of the Raffles Town Club which had no
value.

27 The husband listed his monthly liabilities/expenses as follows:

(a) his personal expenses totalling $5,857.35;

(b) children’s expenses totalling $2,723.21;

(c) household expenses (maid’s salary/levy, upkeep of three dogs) totalling
$1,450;

(d) maintenance of aged parents at $1,300.00;

(e) maintenance of the wife by an order of court at $2,800 and the Car at
$2,446.82.

28 The husband claimed to have spent $250,000 on renovating, furnishing and
landscaping the Property. He wanted the Property to be sold and the sale
proceeds (less refund of CPF savings utilised by both parties in its purchase
including interest accrued thereon) divided between the parties in the ratio
of 20% and 80% in favour of the wife and the husband respectively.

29 The husband requested for sole custody, care and control of the two younger
daughters with reasonable access to the wife; the children were attached to
him and he had provided for all their needs since young.

30 As for the wife’s maintenance, the husband offered $1,200 on the basis that
the wife did not suffer from any disability or ill health and should be able
to find gainful employment to supplement the amount.

31 The husband asserted that the wife was not entitled to any share of the
moneys in his bank accounts – she had not contributed towards their
acquisition and the moneys were all his hard-earned savings or came from his
inheritance from his father and family. He alleged the wife had failed to
disclose a fixed deposit and savings account that she had, in the sums of
$5,996.15 and $5,526.31 respectively. He contended her bank balances
approximated $50,000, more than double what she had deposed to in [9] above.

**The other affidavits**

32 In her reply affidavit, the wife objected to the husband having sole
custody of A and B; she wanted their sole custody, care and control. She
repeated their desire to be educated in the United States and reiterated that
the husband had previously acceded to their wishes.

33 As observed earlier (at [23]), the wife did not deny withdrawing from the
bank account of EAF and refusing to return $28,000. She could not understand
why the husband was making a hue and cry over the withdrawal which she
justified on the basis that the husband himself had withdrawn $60,000 from the
same account (which figure she subsequently revised to $108,643.12). As an
authorised signatory of the bank account and as a partner of EAF, she
contended she was entitled to half of the moneys of the business in any event.
Two other reasons given by the wife for her withdrawal was the fact that the
husband had not reimbursed her $11,000 odd for the expenses she incurred with
the children for a trip to Korea and he had failed to maintain her for a long
time. The wife demanded that the husband pay her half ($30,000) of the sum he
had withdrawn. He had also failed to produce the bank statements of EAF.

34 Even if I were to accede to the wife’s demand (which I did not) the wife
had obviously forgotten to take into account her own withdrawal. An equal
division of $88,000 ($28,000 + $60,000) meant the wife was only entitled to
$16,000 ($88,000 ÷ 2 = $44,000 – $28,000) and not a total of $58,000 ($28,000
+ $30,000) that she had demanded.

35 The wife alleged that the husband had dissipated approximately $2.7m cash
from his bank accounts since the divorce proceedings in June 2004. She further
alleged that the husband had failed to declare $649,349.95 according to the
documents in her possession which (contrary to his allegation) she did not
take from his personal drawer but found at the premises of TFI. She repeated
her earlier contention (at [8] above) that the husband had cash and time
deposits in excess of $5m but had only declared $2.6m thereof. He had
conveniently not accounted for a sum in excess of $3m.

36 The wife said the husband had also failed to disclose the value of his
business in GL and the two industrial park properties (see [16] above).

37 The wife accused the husband of lying in his assertion that she made no
contribution towards the purchase of the Property. She claimed she paid (as of
19 July 2005) $121,167.93 (inclusive of interest) towards its purchase price
in 1993. In addition, she had contributed towards the purchase of the first
matrimonial home of the HDB flat at Pasir Ris as her June 1992 CPF statement
showed a deduction of $20,000 for “house” while her June 1993 CPF statement
showed a deduction of $4,100 for the same item.

38 The wife also disputed the husband’s claim he had been a responsible father
to the children, pointing out that he was seldom home for dinner as he had his
outside activities in the evening. In fact, he neglected the children and only
provided for them financially. She denied his allegation that maids, not she,
took care of the children. The maid(s) performed household duties under her
supervision.

39 The wife claimed the husband earned $16,000 a month but disputed his
monthly expenses, saying $3,300 thereof was not justified. If the husband was
willing to pay the outstanding hire-purchase instalments and continue to pay
the road tax and insurance of the Car, she was agreeable to its transfer to
her name.

40 The wife disputed the husband’s contention that his cash and savings were
not matrimonial assets, pointing out that he used the profits from TFI (in
which she played an important role) and other fishery businesses for his
investments during the subsistence of the marriage.

41 In her third and final affidavit filed for these proceedings, the wife
denied the husband’s allegation that she worked freelance on a part-time basis
for an American company (Amway) involved in pyramid selling and telemarketing
allegedly earning therefrom $2,000 to $3,000 per month. She claimed she
distributed Amway’s products in an attempt to be “self-sufficient”. The wife
denied she had been a lazy employee of TFI, claiming that she worked seven
days a week in the company between 1994 and 2003 and it was only in 2003 that
she started taking alternate Sundays off.

42 It would not be necessary to address the husband’s second affidavit in any
detail. Suffice it to say that I had expunged therefrom (at the request of
counsel for the wife) a number of paragraphs which dwelt at length with the
wife’s allegedly adulterous behaviour during the subsistence of the marriage.
Even if the allegations were true, they would only serve to cloud the issues
and were not relevant in my determination of the ancillaries.

**The decision**

**_Maintenance_**

43 On the undisputed facts as extracted from the affidavits, I was not
persuaded that the wife (as she repeatedly claimed) led a “lavish lifestyle
throughout the subsistence of the marriage” (according to her affidavit). That
would not have been possible given each party’s modest circumstances at the
time of the marriage back in 1982, the wife’s then status as a student and
that the husband’s family fishery (successful) business in TFI was only
started 12 years later in 1994. The couple did not even purchase the HDB flat
until 1988. For the first six years after their marriage, they lived at
various addresses, presumably either at rented accommodation or with one or
both sets of parents. Neither the husband nor the wife had the social and/or
educational background to lead a life of luxury, even if the husband in very
recent times may have had the means to adopt such a lifestyle; I entertained
some doubts on that given his (undisputed) obligations and liabilities.

44 I am certain that both sides exaggerated, if not grossly inflated, their
monthly expenses (more so in the case of the wife) and underplayed their
assets. In the case of the wife, a more realistic sum for her own monthly
expenses would be $2,500 as her claims relating to food, petrol, car-parking
charges, clothes and other accessories, personal grooming, entertainment,
utilities charges, groceries and travel were grossly excessive. Insurance
premiums, allowances for one’s parents and body-slimming courses do not count
as maintenance necessities and are accordingly to be disregarded. Further,
medical expenses of $200 per month are absurd as a person does not fall ill
with regularity.

45 As the husband was paying the wife monthly maintenance of $2,800 which
amount I felt was more than adequate for her legitimate expenses, I increased
the amount by $800 to take care of three items of expenses which the wife
would henceforth have to bear, following upon the orders I made. The expenses
related to the upkeep of the Car which I had directed the husband to transfer
to the wife’s name, clear of hire-purchase obligations. The wife had claimed
$600 for petrol and $150 for car-parking fees when a more reasonable sum for
both items should/would be $300 per month. That meant that the interim
maintenance order of $2,800 was clearly sufficient for her needs. However, in
the event the wife still encountered a shortfall (due primarily to increase in
petrol prices) and in the event the Car needed repairs occasionally, I awarded
her a “buffer” sum of another $800 ($2,500 + $300 +$800) which sum would also
take care of road tax and insurance payments.

46 It was the wife’s own admission that the Car was purchased by the husband
in January 2003 (for $208,000). A three-year-old car was unlikely to require
repairs (save for damage due to accidents) but only periodic servicing.

47 As in the case of the wife, I had heavily discounted the husband’s expenses
(see [27] above) and disregarded certain expenses, including the allowances he
gave his parents, the alleged expense to maintain three dogs, his purported
donations to temples, community centres and school advisory council as well as
offerings to deities. The sums I allowed were reduced to $2,800 which figures
excluded the wife’s maintenance of $2,800, the hire-purchase instalments and
upkeep of the car ($2,446.82), the children’s expenses (reduced by half to
$1,361) and one maid’s salary and levy ($650). When these items were added
onto $2,800, the husband’s monthly expenses increased to $10,057.82. The wife
cannot complain that the sum of $2,800 allowed for the husband’s expenses was
excessive when it was her own case that the same amount was inadequate for her
maintenance.

48 In arriving at the maintenance sum for the wife, I was mindful of the
guidelines set out in s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Ed Rev)
(“the Act”), particularly those set out in sub-paras (_a_) to (_d_) and (_f_).

**_Division of matrimonial assets_**

49 The wife had estimated the car’s current market value at $130,000. By my
order in [1(c)] above directing that the car be transferred to her, the wife
received in effect another $130,000 which, added to the other sums of
$300,000, $515,000 and $50,000 from the husband’s CPF savings I had awarded
her in [1(a)], [1(d)] and [1(j)], gave her a total of $995,000. Additionally,
the wife had withdrawn $28,000 from the bank account of TFA, thereby
increasing her share to $1,023,000. She had already taken cash of $28,000 and
would receive further cash of $787,000 ($815,000 less $28,000) to be followed
by $50,000 from his CPF savings, when the husband attains 55 years of age in
2013.

50 I turn now to the issue of the wife’s alleged indirect contributions
towards the husband’s businesses, in particular TFA, EAF and TFI. Leaving
aside the modest salary she earned from TFA of $300 in 1984, the wife herself
claimed, and which I accepted, that she was paid a reasonable salary by TFI,
starting with $2,500 in 1994 and ending with $2,800 by the time she left the
company on 30 November 2004. Indeed, the husband alleged that after her
departure from TFI, the company continued to pay her a salary of $2,240 until
she received the court-ordered maintenance of $2,800 per month. The wife
therefore would have received in the region of $30,000 to $33,600 per annum
during the period of her employment, or in excess of $300,000 for her ten
years’ employment with TFI.

51 I would add that the wife did not provide one iota of evidence to support
her contention that she was dismissed from the services of TFI. I was more
inclined in this regard to believe the husband’s assertion that she resigned
in a huff on 29 November 2004 when he remonstrated with her over refusing to
ferry the staff to work for two weeks.

52 There was no basis to award any further sums to the wife as her _indirect_
contributions, in addition to what she received from the various businesses
_directly_ , by way of salaries as an employee. The wife cannot expect the
court to double count her contributions. In her case, it was either direct or
indirect contributions. It was not both for the reason that she had not
satisfied me that she was instrumental in the success of TFI or had in some
way contributed towards the growth of this or the husband’s other family
businesses over and above her duties as an employee, under s 112(10)(_a_)(ii)
of the Act. In fact, the wife did not dispute or in any way rebut the
husband’s evidence that he received no income from SAN, TFA and EAF and that
these businesses were either dormant or had no value. Her position was a far
cry from that of the petitioner in _Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong Kian Haw_
[1994] 1 SLR 22, a case cited by her counsel. There, the Court of Appeal found
that the petitioner/wife had contributed towards the boutique business owned
by the respondent/husband and his family.

53 As for the wife’s allegation that the husband or TFI had failed to pay her
director’s fees between 1 January 1997 and 30 November 2004, this was not a
claim _vis-à-vis_ the matrimonial assets. Her claim, if any, should be
directed to the company. In any event, the husband denied she was not paid her
dues as a director.

54 As for the Property (which had been the matrimonial home for 11 years from
1993 to 2004) it was not in dispute that the husband had utilised a principal
sum of $440,332.55 from his CPF savings for the purchase as against the wife’s
CPF contributions of $94,200. I have ignored the husband’s claim that he
serviced and fully paid the SCB loan for the reason that he produced no
documents to support either the amount or his repayment of the same. I further
disregarded the husband’s claim he had spent another $250,000 on the Property
as there was also no evidence to support this bare assertion.

55 The Property is currently worth $1.2 to $1.3m. The wife’s contribution
based on her CPF withdrawals alone amounted to 7.19% of the original purchase
price of $1.31m as against the husband’s CPF contribution of 33.6% (leaving
aside the disputed SCB loan).

56 By awarding the wife $300,000 thereof, I had given her in effect 23% share
in the Property, which was far in excess of her actual contribution of 7.19%
rounded up to 8%. It was more than the husband’s offer to her of 20%. The
additional share (15%) I awarded to the wife was to recognise her other role
as the main caregiver of the children and as a homemaker, notwithstanding the
fact she was employed on a fulltime basis first by TFA and then by TFI,
between 1984 and 30 November 2004.

57 The wife had complained that the husband had not given her a share of, or
accounted to her for, the profits he allegedly made when he sold the first and
second matrimonial homes, _viz_ the HDB flat and the Elias Road property. The
husband’s explanation was that he ploughed the HDB flat profits first into the
Elias Road property and then into the Property, in which her name was included
as joint owner. I do not see how it can be said that the husband had not given
her a share of the sale proceeds from the two earlier matrimonial homes.
Assuming the wife’s complaint was true and the husband did make profits of
$100,000 and $300,000 respectively from selling those two matrimonial homes,
50% of $400,000 would amount to $200,000. If that was added onto the wife’s
direct contribution of $94,200 towards the purchase price of the Property, her
percentage of contribution went up to 22% against my award to her of 23%.
However, so too would the husband’s contribution; adding $200,000 to
$440,332.55 increased his share to 48.9%. The wife’s claim to 70% of the sale
proceeds of the Property was therefore excessive and disproportionate to her
actual contribution.

58 I rejected the wife’s claims for a half share in GL; this was a non-profit
organisation registered as a sole proprietorship by the husband; it was only a
social activity with no commercial value or income.

59 The wife’s claims to 50% share in the two industrial properties were
unreasonable and unjustified, given the fact she did not claim to have made
any direct or indirect contribution towards their purchase and my earlier
observation in [51] above of the danger of double counting her contribution
towards the business of TFI. The Pasir Ris Industrial Park property, in any
case, did not belong to TFI as it was leased from the Singapore Land Office
for $40,000 a year.

60 I shall now deal with the wife’s claim to 50% of the husband’s cash assets.
She claimed her computation showed he had at least $5m in numerous bank
accounts. The husband on the other hand declared he had $1,016,128.61 in his
bank accounts. Disbelieving the husband’s declared cash, the wife had applied
by Summons No 2485 of 2006 for discovery (“the discovery application”) of the
husband’s bank documents from five bank accounts for the period June 2004 to
June 2005. The bank statements and other documents he produced from three
banks in compliance with the order of court (dated 5 April 2006) did not
support the wife’s contention that the husband had dissipated his assets.

61 It would be necessary for me to elaborate on the above paragraph in greater
detail because at the hearing before me, counsel for the wife again repeated
his client’s complaint that the husband had dissipated his cash in the banks,
contending that the husband had failed to give a satisfactory explanation for
the discrepancy between the wife’s higher, and his lower, figures.

62 It is noteworthy that in her affidavit of means[note: 1] the wife disclosed
she already had information on the following bank accounts:

(a) SCB account, time deposit account and investment account;

(b) OCBC Bank deposit account, Easisave account, savings account and time
deposit account;

(c) four DBS Bank accounts;

(d) Citibank Citigold account;

(e) United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) savings account and an investment account;

(f) Maybank current account.

63 The wife had alleged in her affidavit filed in support of the discovery
application that the husband had dissipated the following sums of money:

**S/No** |  **Name of Bank and  
Account** |  **Balance as of  
31 May 2004** |  **Balance as of  
31 Aug 2005** |  **Difference**  
---|---|---|---|---  
1. |  DBS Autosave  
account |  $1,227,771.08 |  $489,855.00 |  $737,916.08  
2. |  Maybank account |  $351,089.07 |  $63,668.60 |  $287,420.47  
3. |  OCBC time deposit  
account |  $58,313.03 |  |   
4. |  UOB savings account |  $559,762.63 |  $82,529.00 |  $477,233.63  
5. |  OCBC savings  
account |  $478,270.51 |  $78,948.79 |  $399,321.72  
  
64 The husband refuted the wife’s allegations in his reply affidavit. Relying
on the bank statements which the wife herself had disclosed in her affidavit
of means, he gave the following figures as the balances in the DBS Autosave
account:

_31 May 2004_ _30 June 2005_ _30 November 2005_

$613,258.96 $69,574.73 $243,337.42

As for the Maybank account, the husband said the correct balance as of 31 May
2004 was $341,089.07 and not $351,089.07.

65 The wife’s requests for discovery were sometimes absurd and showed her lack
of understanding and/or misreading of banking documents. As an example I refer
to the husband’s OCBC fixed deposit account. This fixed deposit had a sum of
$58,313.03 plus interest of $768.72, totalling $59,081.75, which latter sum
the husband withdrew subsequently after which the account was closed. A fixed
deposit account would not have monthly statements that the wife insisted on
the husband producing. As the decree _nisi_ was granted on 3 May 2005, the
wife was not entitled to and should not have been granted discovery of the
husband’s bank accounts up to June 2005 let alone August 2005.

66 It was naïve of the wife to expect the balances in all the husband’s bank
accounts to remain static. The husband’s salary from TFI was clearly
insufficient to pay for all the expenses (see [47] above) I had accepted as
reasonable; I had omitted the cost of his funding the overseas tertiary
education of the three eldest children. Where did the wife expect the
shortfall in expenses _vis-à-vis_ his salary to be covered from if not from
the husband’s savings? It did not lie in the wife’s mouth to complain that the
husband’s savings had been depleted (not dissipated) when it was her own
position that the family led a lavish life and wanted for nothing during the
subsistence of the marriage. I should add that the bank statements produced by
the wife and/or disclosed by the husband of the accounts did not support the
balances that the wife claimed in [63] above.

67 I had given the wife more than 50% of the husband’s savings, based on
$1,016,128.61. My award to her of $550,000 equated to 54%.

68 From the date of marriage (10 July 1982) until the wife’s filing of the
divorce petition on 14 August 2004, the parties had been married for about 16
years. The period of cohabitation was actually 15½ years as the parties had
stayed in separate rooms since February 2004. For the length of the marriage,
I had, in awarding the wife $1,023,000, in effect given her 36% of the
_husband’s_ assets, not just the _matrimonial_ assets, based on the following
items:

(a) the Property $1,300,000.00

(b) CPF savings 497,912.74  
($57,590.19 in his ordinary account plus $440,332.55)

(c) cash in the bank 1,016,128.61

(d) memberships of Warren and Chinese Swimming

Clubs ($15,000 x 2) _30,000.00_

Total: _$2,844,041.35_

69 I had excluded from my computation the two vehicles. Since the husband was
required to transfer the Car to the wife free of all liabilities including
hire-purchase instalments, he was entitled to retain the second car for his
own use and the latter should not come into the equation.

70 I had further excluded from my calculations the insurance policies (see
[25(d)] above) taken out by the husband for the reason that those were
policies under s 73 of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994
Rev Ed). The policies created a trust in favour of the beneficiaries of the
husband’s estate and the court could not divest the beneficiaries’ interest.

71 I had also excluded the wife’s own assets from my computation. These
included her cash in the banks ($50,000) and her own CPF savings ($49,354.41
in her ordinary account) excluding the sum ($94,200) used to purchase the
Property, as well as the insurance polices she had taken out in the children’s
names. In allowing her to retain her own assets, the wife’s cash component of
the matrimonial assets increased to $1,216,554.41 ($1,023,000+$50,000
+$49,354.41 +$94,200).

72 The wife had requested 30% share of the husband’s CPF savings in his
ordinary account, _viz_ $497,922.74 ($57,590.19 + $440,332.55), which would
have amounted to $149,376.82. The $50,000 I awarded to her equated to 10% of
the husband’s CPF savings. I did not think she was entitled to more in the
overall computation.

73 At this juncture I should point out that I disbelieved the wife’s
explanation that she worked for Amway in order to be “self-sufficient”; that
was not the point. What was in issue was that, contrary to her claim, she
could and did find employment and she earned or could earn a salary that was
$2,000 to $3,000 a month. She did not challenge these figures put forward by
the husband. I was of the view that the wife had been less than candid in her
affidavit of means.

74 The wife’s demand for the husband to sell his club memberships showed her
complete disregard of his business interests. The fact that she did not
frequent or use the facilities of the clubs did not mean that the husband was
obliged to sell the memberships; selling the membership of the Raffles Town
Club (with its attendant bad publicity due to court cases) would have meant
his incurring a loss. Her unreasonable demands extended to a request that the
husband pay her 50% of the bond provided to the Ministry of Defence to
guarantee the second child’s return to Singapore to fulfil his national
service obligations. (The husband had explained that no cash bond was
furnished but only a guarantee).

**_Care and control of the two youngest daughters_**

75 As a result of the wife’s taking A and B to the United States in May 2005
and not bringing B back in time to continue her studies in Singapore, B lost
half a year of schooling and would have to repeat her Secondary 1 education
next year. I expressed my disapproval of the wife’s conduct. In her zest, if
not obsession, to emigrate to the United States to join her sister, the wife
had completely disregarded the interests of both A and B, more so in the case
of the latter.

76 After hearing me voice my displeasure over her client’s conduct, counsel
for the wife reverted to say he was instructed to inform the court that the
wife would not be moving to the United States until after B had completed her
secondary education in Singapore. This statement was of little comfort to me
as there was no assurance that the wife would adhere to her word. There was
nothing to stop the wife from taking B to California again if the court
awarded her care and control of this daughter as she had (joint) custody of B;
I did not want to take the risk.

77 As she shared custody of B with the husband, the wife would have equal say
on this daughter’s education and future, but the husband would have care and
control over the 14-year-old. Whenever the wife was in Singapore, she could
have access to B. My view was that it was not in B’s interest to be taken to
and educated in the United States at this point in time. It was vital that B
studied in Singapore until she completed her “O” level examinations.

78 Unfortunately, in the case of A, the court could not turn the clock back.
She had been taken by the wife to the United States and placed in an American
school. It would too disruptive altogether to take her out of that environment
and bring her back to Singapore. I noted too that A appeared to be
academically less able than B. Hence, the American system of education may
well suit her better. Although the husband initially objected, he eventually
agreed to allow A to continue her studies in the United States and to bear the
expenses therefor. Hence I made the order in [1(h)] above.

**Conclusion**

79 Division of matrimonial assets is not and is never an exact science. The
court can only attempt to make a just and equitable division, applying a
broad-brush approach, bearing in mind the factors set out in s 112(2) of the
Act. No two cases on ancillary matters are alike in their facts. Consequently,
precedent cases cited by the parties can only serve as a guideline and cannot
be applied blindly. I awarded to the wife what I thought was a just and
equitable portion of the husband’s assets leaving her own assets untouched.
Her claim to 50% of the husband’s assets, not the matrimonial assets (which
would include her own assets), was neither fair nor equitable to the husband.
The husband’s contention that the wife was not entitled to any share of his
cash assets was equally unreasonable.

80 I further awarded to the wife by way of monthly maintenance a sum which was
adequate for the standard of living she had been accustomed to _in recent
years_ , during the subsistence of the marriage, after the husband’s family
business of TFI had prospered.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Para 17(14) at p 15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

