Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara  
[2006] SGHC 195

Case Number | : | OS 342/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo SC, Tan Kay Kheng and Tan Hsiang Yue (Wong Partnership) for the applicant; Chew Kei-Jin and Ang Gek Joo (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Karaha Bodas Co LLC — Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Whether costs should fall on plaintiff
or respondent where a particular matter has been withdrawn, discontinued or
set aside without a final determination on the merits  
  

25 October 2006

Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 On 18 August 2006, I gave judgment in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Perusahaan
Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara_ [2006] SGHC 148. That judgment is
related to the present. They both concern proceedings which arose out of an
_ex parte_ order (“the _ex parte_ order”) that had been obtained by Karaha
Bodas Company LLC (“the applicant”) to enforce an arbitration award which had
earlier been made in its favour against Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas
Bumi Negara otherwise known as “Pertamina” (“the respondent”). Enforcement
actions had been initiated by the applicant against the respondent in several
jurisdictions. The respondent resisted these efforts and in relation to the
present proceedings had sought to set aside the _ex parte_ order. The furthest
along of the various enforcement actions taken by the applicant was in the
United States. In the United States, a final petition for a writ of
_certiorari_ had been presented by the respondent to the Supreme Court (“the
petition”).

2 As the applicant considered it most likely that the petition would be
dismissed, it sought to stay the present proceedings pending the outcome of
the petition. Its application was dismissed by the learned assistant registrar
and the appeal before me against that decision was dismissed. The applicant
then sought to set aside the _ex parte_ order on its own motion. This was
resisted by the respondent on various grounds. I allowed that application and
did set aside the _ex parte_ order in the judgment I have referred to above.
However, I reserved the question of costs and also indicated that I would hear
arguments on any other orders that were thought necessary. The further
background is set out in that judgment and I do not propose to repeat the same
here.

3 The matter was subsequently restored for hearing before me on 29 September
2006 in order to dispose of two issues:

(a) whether I should impose any terms upon the applicant curtailing its
ability to commence fresh proceedings in Singapore to enforce the arbitration
award; and

(b) what, if any, order I should make in relation to costs.

4 As to the first issue, it proved unnecessary for me to deal with this in the
event given the applicant’s undertaking that any such future application would
be made _inter partes_ with notice to the respondent. Mr Alvin Yeo SC, who
appeared for the applicant, noted that this served to postpone the argument on
this issue to a point if, and when, it ever became necessary to deal with it.
Mr Chew Kei-Jin, who appeared for the respondent, agreed with this.

5 In the premises, it was only necessary for me to deal with the question of
costs. On 6 October 2006, I informed the parties of my decision. As the point
is of some interest, I thought it useful to set out briefly the reasons
underlying the decision I reached. I am grateful to both counsel for the
assistance I have received in this regard.

6 Both counsel submitted, and I accept, that the applicable principles are as
set out in the unreported decision of May J (as he then was) in _R v Warley
Justices ex parte Callis_ (8 December 1993) (Queen’s Bench Division (Crown
Office List)) (“ _Callis_ ”) and the unreported decision of Henry J in
_Barretts & Baird (Wholesale) Ltd v Institution of Professional Civil
Servants_ The Independent (8 December 1988) (“ _Barretts & Baird_”) which is
cited there. I have also found assistance in the judgment of Karthigesu J in
_Lin Securities (Pte) v Official Assignee of the Property of Tan Koon Swan_
[1992] 2 SLR 1017 (“ _Lin Securities_ ”) which I drew to counsel’s attention.

7 In _Callis_ , the plaintiff had failed to pay certain charges and a warrant
was issued against him. He moved for judicial review on the issue of the
warrant on the basis that the proceedings leading to its issuance were out of
time. The same point was being taken in a number of other cases and, on 4
November 1992, just over a year before the case was heard by May J, one of
these challenges was resolved in _R v Wolverhampton Justices ex parte Mould_
157 JP 1017 (“ _Mould_ ”) with the court holding that the challenge on this
ground failed.

8 At that point, the plaintiff had no basis for proceeding with the matter but
he did not withdraw his action until days before it came on for hearing. By
that stage, he had also paid the charges. He then sought an order for the
action to be withdrawn by consent with no order for costs.

9 May J cited certain extracts from the report of the decision of Henry J in
_Barretts & Baird_ and I set out portions of the judgment of May J in some
detail because the case is not reported:

Henry J. had referred to the general rule concerning discontinuance … that in
the ordinary way defendants would recover their costs, but held that the
general rule should only apply when the discontinuance could safely be equated
with defeat or an acknowledgement of likely defeat. …

The position is, however, entirely different where, as here, the
discontinuance follows some step which has rendered the challenge no longer
necessary, which in other words renders the proceedings academic. That may
have been brought about for a number of reasons. If, for instance, it has been
brought about because the respondent, recognising the high likelihood of the
challenge against him succeeding, has preempted his failure in the proceedings
by doing that which the challenge is designed to have achieved – even if
perhaps no more than agreeing to take a fresh decision – it may well be just
that he should not merely fail to recover his own costs but indeed pay the
applicants’.

On the other hand, it may be that the challenge has become academic merely
through the respondents sensibly deciding to shortcircuit the proceedings, to
avoid their expense or inconvenience or uncertainty without in any way
accepting the likelihood of their succeeding against him. He should not be
deterred from such a course by the thought that he would then be liable for
the applicant’s costs. Rather in those circumstances it would seem to me
appropriate that the costs should lie where they fall and there should
accordingly be no order. That might equally be the case if some action wholly
independent of the parties had rendered the outcome of the challenge academic.
It would seldom be the case that on discontinuance this court would think it
necessary or appropriate to investigate in depth the substantive merits of
what had by then become an academic challenge. That ordinarily would be a
gross misuse of this court’s time and further burden its already overfull
list.

In my judgment, this case is clearly one where this court cannot hope, in a
short time, to discern what the likely outcome of the challenge would have
been had it been litigated to a conclusion _._

All that it is possible to say with certainty is that, without accepting the
validity of the challenge the respondents, following the grant of leave, acted
so as to render academic any continuing interest in the proceedings on the
part of those who NALGO represent. In short, the case seems to me to fall
clearly into the category of those in which it is appropriate to allow
discontinuance without penalty to the applicants.

10 May J then considered the facts before him and noted that by reason of the
decision in _Mould_ ([7] _supra_) which made the challenge before him
unarguable, as well as the fact that the charges in question had been paid in
full, the proceedings were academic. He further noted that if the applicant
had applied to withdraw the application within a reasonable time of the
decision in _Mould_ having been given, the proper order would have been to
allow the withdrawal with no order as to costs. However, the applicant only
took that course three days prior to the hearing and he held that in those
circumstances, it was reasonable to require the applicant to pay costs.

11 In my judgment, the principles set out there and in _Lin Securities_ ([6]
_supra_) are applicable in the present circumstances and these may be
summarised thus:

(a) Costs in such instances ultimately remain a matter for the discretion of
the court.

(b) In considering the exercise of such discretion, the court may usefully
have regard to of the reasons for which a particular matter is withdrawn,
discontinued or set aside without a final determination on the merits.

(c) Where the withdrawal (which term for convenience I use also to refer to
discontinuance or setting aside in circumstances such as the present) takes
place in circumstances that are indicative of an acknowledgement of defeat or
likely defeat then the withdrawing party should pay the costs.

(d) Where the withdrawal follows what in effect is a surrender on the part of
the party against whom the action has been brought, then that party against
whom the action was brought should bear the costs.

(e) Where the withdrawal takes place in circumstances where it is not directly
related to the merits of the case and especially where it is a consequence of
a neutral event that has made the proceedings academic or unnecessary to
prosecute then it would be appropriate to make no order as to costs and let
the costs lie where they fall.

(f) All of these principles are to be applied with due regard to the
reasonableness with which the parties have conducted themselves.

(g) Where the case is not litigated to a conclusion because the parties have
come to a settlement save as to costs, the terms of the settlement should be
disclosed to the court for any bearing it may have on the court’s
determination of the appropriate order as to costs.

(h) Where the only issue left in a litigation is one of costs, then as a
general rule, the court will not embark on an in-depth investigation of the
merits of the case, though occasionally, where it is possible _readily_ to
discern the likely outcome had the matter been litigated to a conclusion, the
court may choose to consider this.

(i) However, the court may have regard to all the circumstances before it,
including the conduct of the parties, and may draw the appropriate inferences
from this in order to determine what the appropriate order as to costs should
be.

12 Mr Yeo submitted that the burden was upon the respondent to show that there
was something wrong with the procedure adopted by the applicant in these
proceedings or that the award was patently liable to be set aside failing
which the applicant should get its costs. He submitted that this followed
because the applicant was taking this course of action as it considered it
almost certain that it would get full satisfaction on the award in the United
States.

13 Mr Chew responded to this by noting that it was untenable:

(a) for the applicant on its own motion to have set aside the _ex parte_ order
as it has done in the present case over the respondent’s objections;

(b) in so doing dispense with the opportunity for the court to adjudicate the
merits of the respondent’s application to set aside the _ex parte_ order; and

(c) to base this course of action upon the argument that it would mostly
likely be a waste of the court’s time to have such an adjudication because of
what it expected would happen in the United States,

and then to submit that these were the very things the respondent had to show
in order to get its costs or worse, in default of which, face the prospect of
paying the applicant’s costs. I think there is much force in Mr Chew’s
argument.

14 It is clear that the setting aside of the _ex parte_ order in this case
does not fall in the category of cases where this course of action follows a
surrender on the part of the respondent. In fairness to the respondent, and as
apparent from my earlier judgment in these proceedings, I should state that it
appeared to have every desire to contest the matter. It opposed the withdrawal
vehemently asserting that it stood to be deprived of the opportunity to
vindicate itself. Nor did I consider this to be a case falling within that
class where the court could, without careful investigation, discern the likely
outcome of the matter had it been litigated to a conclusion. I note in passing
that it was set down for three days and Mr Yeo had earlier submitted that
there might be a need for cross-examination of witnesses and also for other
interlocutory directions.

15 On that basis alone, this does not appear to me, therefore, to be a case
where the respondent ought to bear the applicant’s costs. It is all the more
so given the arguments made by Mr Chew which I have noted above.

16 Equally, I do not think this case can be seen as one falling within that
group of cases where the withdrawal is indicative of an acknowledgement of
likely defeat by the applicant. The question then is whether the costs should
lie where they fall or whether for some reason they should nonetheless be
borne in whole or in part by the applicant. In arriving at my determination, I
have considered a number of factors.

17 Firstly, in my view, in the context of international arbitration, a party
who has obtained an award is entitled to take steps to enforce the award in as
many jurisdictions as it chooses, at least, as long as it acts reasonably.
This, after all, is one of the primary advantages of international
arbitration.

18 In the present case, the respondent challenged the enforcement proceedings
in every jurisdiction where the applicant initiated such proceedings. It was
entitled to do this but the fact that in the United States for instance, which
both parties agreed had been the main forum for the dispute, the respondent
took issue even with ownership of certain funds which had been attached there
upon the applicant’s motion, meant that it was reasonable for the applicant to
initiate and maintain enforcement proceedings in multiple jurisdictions since
it had no way of knowing whether it had in hand sufficient assets of the
respondent to meet the award.

19 Both parties had then come to a consensual understanding that the
enforcement proceedings in Singapore should be held in abeyance pending the
outcome of the enforcement proceedings that were afoot in the United States.
That again was a perfectly reasonable course of action on the part of both
parties which had held good until January 2006. In January 2006, the
respondent withdrew from that arrangement or understanding, as it was entitled
to do, and filed an affidavit raising a fraud allegation.

20 Shortly after that, on 9 March 2006, the US Court of Appeals dismissed the
last of the respondent’s appeals in the United States (bar the subsequent
attempt by the respondent to petition the Supreme Court of the United States).

21 In relation to the proceedings before me, the applicant subsequently:

(a) sought and obtained an extension of time to file an affidavit in reply to
the applicant’s affidavit which raised the fraud allegation;

(b) successfully made an application to vacate certain hearing dates scheduled
for May 2006 on the basis of Mr Yeo’s unavailability; and

(c) filed its affidavit in reply to that which had earlier been filed by the
applicant,

before applying to the registrar to stay these proceedings. When that failed,
it appealed and after I dismissed the appeal, the applicant then applied to me
to set aside the _ex parte_ order.

22 Mr Chew submitted that whatever may have been the position before January
2006 when the consensual understanding was in place, once the respondent had
indicated that it wished to proceed and at the very latest by March 2006 when
the applicant knew that the respondent’s appeal to the United States Court of
Appeals had been dismissed, the applicant was obliged to decide whether it
wished to proceed or run the risk of paying costs. Mr Chew noted that
throughout the period from March 2006 until the stay application, nothing was
said about the matter having been rendered academic. He submitted that the
respondent incurred substantial costs from March to July 2006 in the
expectation that it would have to deal with the substance of its application
and it would be unfair to treat the respondent as if it was in the same
position as it would have been if the applicant had taken this course soon
after the appeal was dismissed by the United States Court of Appeals and thus
spared the respondent from incurring these wasted costs.

23 Mr Yeo’s principal rejoinder to this was that his clients expected the
respondent to attempt to bring an appeal against the dismissal by the United
States Court of Appeals to the Supreme Court. However, as Mr Chew noted, that
fact, if and when it transpired, would have made the proceedings before me
somewhat less academic and therefore did not afford the applicant a
justification for not acting promptly after the United States Court of Appeals
had rendered its decision. He submitted that by July 2006 when the applicant
did apply to set aside the _ex parte_ order on the basis that there was no
need for it to maintain these proceedings, it was aware that the respondent
had already petitioned the United States Supreme Court. According to Mr Chew,
if, despite the petition, the applicant was willing to set aside the _ex
parte_ order, then there was no justification at all for it not to have taken
this course much earlier.

24 In my view, Mr Chew is right. On these facts, and having regard to the
applicable principles identified above, the question of costs should be
disposed of in the manner I set out below.

25 For the period until 16 January 2006 when the respondent filed its
affidavit raising the fraud allegation and thus withdrew from the consensual
standstill understanding, it is apparent to me that both parties were acting
reasonably. The applicant was entitled to initiate the enforcement
proceedings; the respondent was equally entitled to defend it; and both
parties quite reasonably decided to hold the proceedings in abeyance. As those
proceedings were not finally disposed off on the merits, it seems to me that
it would be reasonable to let the costs for that period lie where they fall
and I order that each party is to bear its own costs.

26 For the period after 17 January 2006, the key development was the
initiation of the fraud allegation by the respondent. The respondent was
certainly entitled to withdraw from the consensual standstill and raise this.
Equally, the applicant was entitled to a reasonable period to consider its
position. That reasonable period in my view came to an end on 30 March 2006 on
or by which date three things happened. The United States Court of Appeals had
dismissed the respondent’s appeal on 9 March 2006 and I accept Mr Chew’s
argument that the position as far as the applicant was concerned with respect
to its enforcement actions outside the United States was at least as academic
then as it was in July 2006. Secondly, a pre-trial conference was held in
these proceedings and the applicant was given time to prepare its response.
Lastly, hearing dates were taken.

27 In my view, that was the time at which the applicant should reasonably have
taken the position that any further expenditure would be academic and should
have sought to set aside the _ex parte_ order. Had it done so at that time, it
would have avoided incurring any liability for costs.

28 However, it did not do that and I think Mr Chew has a legitimate complaint
that his clients incurred some substantial costs after that date in the
expectation that there would be a contest on the merits. Hence, it is clear to
me that the applicant ought to bear all the respondent’s costs after 30 March
2006 save to the extent already disposed of in any orders that have been made.
Such costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

29 That leaves the costs for the period from 17 January 2006 to 30 March 2006.
Having regard to the fact that the matter was ultimately resolved without an
adjudication on the merits; that there had been a consensual understanding
before that; and that the applicant was entitled to a reasonable time to
consider its position when the respondent withdrew from that understanding, I
am satisfied the costs for this period also should lie where they fall.

30 In summary, therefore, each party is to bear its own costs from the
commencement of these proceedings until 30 March 2006. Thereafter, the
applicant is to pay the respondent its costs, save to the extent already dealt
with in any other order and such costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

