Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tee Kok Boon v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGCA 16

Case Number | : | Cr M 5/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 April 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tee Kok Boon — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Criminal references – Applicant seeking
extension of time to apply for leave of High Court to refer questions of law
of public interest to Court of Appeal – Whether issues raised questions of law
of public interest – Whether any good and compellable reasons why application
for leave not filed in time – Sections 60(1), 60(2) Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

11 April 2006

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the Court):

1 This was an application made by the applicant in person. He had been
convicted in the District Court for an offence of giving false evidence and
was sentenced on 1 December 2004 to ten months’ imprisonment. He appealed to
the High Court in Magistrate’s Appeal No 167 of 2004, but his appeal was
dismissed by Yong Pung How CJ on 28 June 2005. No grounds were issued in
respect of that decision by the High Court. There is no further appeal from
the High Court in such cases. However, under the conditions set out in s 60 of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed), questions of law
of public interest may be referred to the Court of Appeal for its decision.
Section 60 provides as follows:

(1) When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in the
exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, the Judge may on the
application of any party, and shall on the application of the Public
Prosecutor, reserve for the decision of the Court of Appeal any question of
law of public interest which has arisen in the matter and the determination of
which by the Judge has affected the case.

(2) An application under subsection (1) shall be made within one month or such
longer time as the Court of Appeal may permit of the determination of the
matter to which it relates and in the case of an application by the Public
Prosecutor shall be made by him or with his written consent.

(3) When a question has been reserved under subsection (1), the Judge who has
reserved the question may make such orders as he may see fit for the arrest,
custody or release on bail of any party in the case.

(4) The Court of Appeal shall hear and determine the question reserved under
subsection (1) and may make such orders as the High Court might have made as
the Court of Appeal may consider just for the disposal of the case.

(5) For the purposes of this section, any question of law which the Public
Prosecutor applies to be reserved or regarding which there is a conflict of
judicial authority shall be deemed to be a question of public interest.

2 By virtue of sub-s (2) the applicant had to apply for leave from the High
Court for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal under sub-s (1) within a
month from the date of the High Court’s decision. In the present case, that
would require the applicant to make his application by 28 July 2005. The
application was not made within that time and, hence, the applicant had to
apply to this court for an extension of time to apply to the High Court. This
was what, in substance, the applicant sought to obtain before us in this
motion filed on 9 March 2006. In the meantime, the applicant proceeded to
serve his sentence of imprisonment.

3 The applicant filed an affidavit in support of this present application
before us. He explained that he failed to apply for leave under s 60(1) in
time because he had relied on his solicitor to do so. He deposed that his
solicitor declined to do any more work for him after he (the applicant)
declined to pay his solicitor’s fees.

4 Nonetheless, on 26 July 2005 the solicitor wrote to the applicant in prison
and advised him that in his view, an application under s 60(1) was not likely
to succeed. The applicant appeared to have rejected this advice. In the
solicitor’s letter of 26 July 2005 to the applicant, the solicitor mentioned
that the papers, including the motion for leave to refer under s 60, had been
handed over for the applicant to make the application through the prison
authority.

5 The applicant was released from prison under the Home Detention Scheme in
October 2005 and was fully released on 21 January 2006. He deposed that he had
great difficulty getting the necessary documents to prepare his own case. He
also sought to have the Attorney-General file the request for leave to appeal
to the Court of Appeal. The Attorney-General rejected that request. The
applicant then proceeded in his affidavit to relate the facts concerning his
trial. It is appropriate to mention here that those facts were part of the
applicant’s case at trial and thus, as matters of fact, were in the province
of the trial judge to determine.

6 It appeared that the applicant was aware that to bring an application under
s 60(1) he had to show that there was a point of law of public interest to be
determined. He set out not one, but 11 alleged points of law in his affidavit,
and from each of these points he further subdivided them into almost 40
alleged questions of law. It is not necessary to set out all of them because
at this stage, the relevance of a point of law of public interest if it was
manifest from the application, would be taken into account in deciding whether
to allow the applicant’s extension of time. As it were, none of the questions
could be of public interest. There is a clear and strong distinction between a
point of law and a point of law of public interest. In the former, the point
of law would only be of interest to the applicant himself. A point of law of
public interest within the meaning of s 60(1) means a question of law, the
determination of which would have a general application to all future cases in
which the same point might arise.

7 Indeed, many of the questions raised were questions of fact. A great number
of points related to the Small Claims Tribunal’s adjudication in the
applicant’s favour in the claim brought by his company against one Mdm Heng
Siew Ang (“Mdm Heng”) for commission payable in relation to a tenancy
agreement. Mdm Heng had alleged that there existed a co-broking arrangement,
but the Small Claims Tribunal found otherwise. It was a letter of undertaking
allegedly signed by Mdm Heng, produced and relied upon by the applicant’s
company in the proceedings before the Small Claims Tribunal, that became the
subject matter of a charge of giving false evidence. The applicant was
subsequently charged with falsely testifying before the Small Claims Tribunal
that he had witnessed Mdm Heng signing the letter of undertaking. Mdm Heng
maintained before the Small Claims Tribunal and the District Court that her
signature on the letter of undertaking had been forged. The questions raised
as to whether the Small Claims Tribunal or the District Court was right as to
whether the letter of undertaking was actually signed by Mdm Heng or whether
the applicant had truly seen her sign it, were matters of fact. The applicant
further complained of the fact that the District Court had made a ruling
against him in spite of the findings by the Small Claims Tribunal in his
favour. The applicant appeared not to see that the issues were different. The
issues in his criminal trial arose from the events in the Small Claims
Tribunal and, therefore, were matters of fact. Furthermore, the issues in his
criminal trial and consequently on appeal were very narrow in that they
related to the question as to whether he had been rightly charged and
convicted of giving false testimony before the Small Claims Tribunal. Another
question raised, apparently as to whether the applicant’s statements recorded
by the investigating officer, which were admitted as prosecution evidence in
his criminal trial, were inconclusive or conflicting statements (Question
Three), was also a question of fact.

8 These issues were dealt with at the trial and the applicant’s appeal against
the conviction was dismissed by the High Court. Section 60(1) permits a
further appeal only on questions of law of public interest. Hence, unless the
applicant was able to identify a point of law as such his application for an
extension of time would fail on that ground alone.

9 As regards his other questions, even if they could be construed as questions
of law, they were questions of law that were not of public interest. They were
questions of law that would only be of interest to the applicant alone. For
example, in Question One, the applicant queried whether, since the allegation
of forgery was not substantiated in the Small Claims Tribunal, could he have
been legitimately prosecuted for it in the District Court? There was no
question that those were separate proceedings and the prosecution was
legitimately instituted. Question Six was another way of stating the same.
There the applicant stated:

Whether a criminal conviction can be sustained in the face of a ruling by a
small claims tribunal judge who has duly exercise [_sic_] the powers of
adjudication and satisfied itself that there was “no evidence to substantiate
the respondent [_sic_] contention that there was a co-broking arrangement”.

10 The second burden on the applicant in an application under s 60(2) for an
extension of time, is to show good and compellable reasons why his application
for leave under s 60(1) was not made in time. In his affidavit of 9 March 2006
the applicant set out his grounds for not applying for leave under s 60(1)
sooner. He blamed his lawyer for it although the specific complaint there was
that the lawyer did not hand over the relevant documents to him. He deposed
that eventually, he had to obtain the record from the courts and that was on 7
December 2005. From 7 December 2005 till 9 March 2006 was a period of about
three months. In the context of s 60 of the Act that was a long period of time
especially when it was clear from the applicant’s affidavit that his lawyer
had actually advised him in writing on 26 July 2005 that he saw no merit in an
appeal in his case, and had advised him so as early as two weeks previously.

11 In the circumstances, we were of the view that there were no grounds to
grant his leave to apply out of time and consequently, his application was
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

