Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Hong Kheng v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 100

Case Number | : | Cr M 13/2006, MA 148/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Hin Pkin Wendell (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Hong Kheng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Out of time – Application for
extension of time for filing petition of appeal – Applicable principles and
factors to be considered by court when exercising discretion to allow
extension of time – Whether applicant having automatic right to extension of
time – Section 250 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

7 June 2006

Sundaresh Menon JC:

**Background**

1 Anyone concerned with the administration of justice in Singapore will know
that in common with the workings of most other legal systems, there is an
expectation that the various timelines stipulated in the procedural rules of
the courts will be complied with. This is essential to assure the speedy and
efficient dispensation of justice. But these very rules also provide a measure
of flexibility to be exercised in the appropriate cases. This is one of those
cases.

2 Lim Hong Kheng (“the Applicant”) was convicted on 24 November 2005 of
abetting her son in the employment of a foreign domestic worker in breach of
the conditions of the latter’s work permit. The Applicant was found to have
conspired with her son to employ the worker as a shop assistant when under the
terms of the work permit, she was only allowed to work as a domestic worker.
In so doing, the Applicant was found to have committed an offence under s 5(3)
read with s 23(1) of the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) and punishable under s 33(2) of the Act. She was sentenced to
a fine of $3,500 by the learned magistrate who dealt with the matter at first
instance.

3 The Applicant filed her notice of appeal within the prescribed time and on
12 April 2006 her solicitors received a certified copy of the notes of
evidence and of the grounds of decision from the Registrar of the Subordinate
Courts. At the same time, her solicitors had their attention drawn to the
requirement in s 247(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) that the petition of appeal had to be filed within ten days of receipt
of the grounds of decision, failing which the appeal would be deemed to have
been withdrawn by virtue of s 247(7) of the CPC.

4 For reasons unknown to the Applicant, her solicitors only sent her the
communication from the Subordinate Courts on 17 April 2006. By then, the
Applicant had lost half the statutory time she was allowed for the purposes of
considering whether to proceed with the appeal and if so, of having her
petition prepared and filed. The Applicant subsequently changed her solicitors
with the result that her motion before me was presented and argued by Mr
Wendell Wong. In the circumstances, it was not possible for me to require
those who appeared to be directly responsible for the delay to account for it.
However, Mr Wong did make available a copy of a letter from the Applicant’s
previous solicitors to the Applicant which confirmed that they had been served
with the notes of evidence and grounds of decision on 12 April 2006 and had
only informed the Applicant of this on 17 April 2006. For some reason, even
then, the notes of evidence and grounds of decision do not appear to have been
sent to the Applicant. In her affidavit, the Applicant stated that she had
only received the grounds of decision a few days later on 21 April 2006. That
was the penultimate day of the period within which the petition was to have
been filed.

5 The Applicant also explained that there had been some confusion stemming
from the fact that her son’s solicitors had only received the notes of
evidence and grounds of decision from the Subordinate Courts on 13 April 2006
and his solicitors had advised that the time for him to file his petition of
appeal would expire on 24 April 2006.

6 During this time, the Applicant took the decision first to engage new
solicitors and then, following consultation, to pursue the appeal. After a
meeting with her new solicitors on 23 April 2006, a petition of appeal was
prepared. An attempt was made to file the petition on the next day but it was
rejected as the time for the Applicant to file her petition had expired on 22
April 2006 (a Saturday) and the appeal was therefore deemed to have been
withdrawn pursuant to s 247(7) of the CPC.

7 The Applicant therefore brought this motion seeking the indulgence of the
court to exercise its power under s 250 of the CPC to extend the time for her
to file her petition and pursue her appeal.

8 Mr Hay Hung Chun, the learned deputy public prosecutor, objected to the
motion. After hearing the arguments I was satisfied that this was a proper
case for the exercise of my discretion and I granted the relief sought by the
Applicant. However, having regard to the vigour of Mr Hay’s submissions in the
face of what seemed at first blush to be a straightforward application and
because of what appeared to be a possible lack of clarity in the applicable
principles guiding the exercise of the court’s discretion in such cases, I
thought it appropriate briefly to explain my reasons for doing so.

**The applicable principles**

9 The starting point of the analysis is s 250 of the CPC which provides:

The High Court may, on the application of any person desirous of appealing who
is debarred from doing so upon the ground of his not having observed some
formality or some requirement of this Code, permit an appeal upon such terms
and with such directions to the District Judge or to the Magistrate and to the
parties as the Court considers desirable in order that substantial justice may
be done in the matter.

10 This plainly is a provision that confers a broad discretion upon the court
and in the exercise of that discretion the court is to be guided by the
objective that “substantial justice may be done in the matter”. In the course
of his arguments, Mr Hay argued that the “substantial justice” in question
extended beyond a consideration of the interests of the Applicant to the
interests of society at large. He referred me to a passage in the judgment of
Kang Hwee Gee J in _Saw Yew Choy v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 MLJ 493 (“ _Saw
Yew Choy_ ”). In that decision, the High Court of Malaysia had noted at 500 as
follows:

However, the catch phrase ‘in order that substantial justice may be done in
the matter’ … was interpreted in the _Jumari_ ’s case to encompass not merely
substantial justice to the convicted person but also substantial justice to
‘society at large on whose behalf the Public Prosecutor acts’ – following
which it was held on the other side of the coin, that no substantial justice
would be done, if the appellant’s application were to be allowed in that case.

11 The apparent breadth of this statement did not seem to me to sit well with
the plain words of s 250. In particular, what is clear from the section is
that the court is to be guided by what would enable substantial justice to be
done “in the matter” at hand. I therefore reviewed the judgment in _Jumari bin
Mohamed v Public Prosecutor_ [1982] 1 MLJ 282 (“ _Jumari”_) and having done so
and in particular, having examined the context in which that suggestion was
apparently first made in _Jumari_ , I am satisfied that it does not support so
broad a notion. _Jumari_ was a case where the applicant, having been found
guilty of certain offences under the Malaysian Prevention of Corruption Act
1961 (Act 57), was sentenced to imprisonment. As is the position in the case
before me, the applicant had filed his notice of appeal in good time but had
failed to prepare and file his petition within the permitted time. On the
facts of that case, Azmi J dismissed the application for an extension of time.
The court first considered the reasons advanced for the delay and found these
to be “flimsy and frivolous”. The court then went on to note at 284 as
follows:

Further, there is nothing on record to show that the applicant’s conviction is
wrongful. In the circumstances, I am of the view that no substantial justice
would be done if the extension of time were allowed in this particular case.
For the purpose of doing substantial justice, the court must bear in mind that
justice must be done not only to the convicted person but also to society at
large on whose behalf the Public Prosecutor acts. As stated by Thomson C.J. in
[the] _Veerasingam_ case … “It is just as imperative that a rightful
conviction should be successfully defended as it is that a wrongful one should
be successfully attacked”.

12 When the passage is seen in context, it becomes apparent that all the court
was saying in _Jumari_ was that it also had to have regard to whether there
were any merits in the proposed appeal. I therefore do not accept that in
considering what would achieve substantial justice in the matter it is
appropriate to consider the wider interests of society at large where these
are not directly relevant to the case at hand. I would echo here the words of
Thomson CJ in _Veerasingam_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [1958] MLJ 76 (“
_Veerasingam_ ”) where his Lordship declined to define “substantial justice”
but suggested that it “is done when a rightful conviction is upheld and a
wrongful one quashed” (at 79).

13 Another plank in Mr Hay’s argument was to the effect that the court should
take a less tolerant view of the application because in dealing with a
convicted person as the Applicant is in this case, there is no longer a
presumption of innocence in her favour. Mr Hay cited another passage from _Saw
Yew Choy_ ([10] _supra_) where the court noted at 501 as follows:

There are reasons in my view why in the first place the strict approach …
ought to be applied to require due compliance with the Criminal Procedure
Code. If an appellant is allowed to say that his failure to lodge his petition
of appeal within the time stipulated is due to the default of his counsel, it
would be relatively easy for him to avoid the strict provision of s 307 of the
… Code by merely putting the blame on his counsel. It must be understood by
all those who are involved in the administration of criminal justice that a
verdict pronounced by a court of law at first instance is for all intents and
purposes a finality. The presumption of innocence of a person accused of an
offence ends with his conviction. He is now a guilty and convicted person who
must be punished without further delay. But in civilised societies where the
liberty of the subject is paramount, it is generally recognised that the
condemned should be afforded the opportunity to have his conviction reviewed
by a higher court – but not before certain stringent conditions are imposed
with respect to the time within which the appellant is obliged to prosecute
his appeal to ensure that his liability to submit to punishment without delay
is not compromised.

14 I do not find this an attractive argument. While it may be true that the
presumption of innocence no longer avails one who has been convicted at first
instance, that appears to me to have nothing to do with whether I should
exercise the discretion I undoubtedly have. The point simply is that the
Legislature has in fact conferred upon the court a discretion to extend the
time limits that are applicable specifically to the prosecution of an appeal.
That discretion does not appear to me to be limited by a consideration of
whether or not the applicant has the benefit of a presumption of innocence
operating in his favour at the time of the application.

15 I turn then to the approach to be taken in exercising my discretion. I
begin by outlining how I consider the previous cases on this issue are to be
approached and understood in the context of a statutory provision that confers
a broad discretion on the court. In this regard I found the following _dictum_
of Raja Azlan Shah J (as His Royal Highness then was) in _Public Prosecutor v
Sundaravelu_ [1967] 1 MLJ 79 at 79–80 a useful reminder:

This application brings into review the [relevant] provisions … of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap. 6). It is clear from the provisions of that
section that this court has a discretion whether or not to allow the
application, but to my mind emphasis is laid on the phrase “in order that
substantial justice may be done in the matter”. I think the provisions of this
section have been well gone into by the Court of Appeal in _Veerasingam_ ’s
case. There it was said that _the section is one of discretion and no hard and
fast rules can be laid down, otherwise it ceases to be a discretion and
becomes a rule of law._ [emphasis added]

(See also the decision of the Malaysian High Court in _Ishak bin Hj Shaari v
Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 5 MLJ 28 (“ _Shaari_ ”) where this _dictum_ was
cited and applied.)

16 This is important to note because there may otherwise be a tendency to
treat cases dealing with particular fact situations as establishing binding
rules and it is clear to me that this would not be a correct approach. By way
of example, Mr Hay noted that the nub of the Applicant’s complaint was that
there had been a delay in the transmission to her of the relevant documents by
her previous solicitors and relying upon _Saw Yew Choy_ again, he submitted
that to succeed in an argument founded on the default of her solicitors, the
Applicant would have “to show conclusively” that the delay was in fact the
fault of her former solicitors and that she herself was completely free from
blame. There is certainly language in _Saw Yew Choy_ that might be read to
encourage such an argument. However, when read in context it becomes clear in
my view that the court in _Saw Yew Choy_ was doing no more than to state that
_on the facts of that case_ the court was unwilling to grant the extension on
the ground of the alleged failing of the applicant’s counsel. Indeed there are
a number of cases where counsel’s default has been relied on in an attempt to
justify an extension. This has been successful in some instances (see for
instance _Shaari_ and cases cited there) and unsuccessful in others (see for
instance _Saw Yew Choy_ , _Jumari_ and _Khor Cheng Wah v Sungai Way Leasing
Sdn Bhd_ [1996] 1 MLJ 223).

17 In _Shaari_ , Suriyadi J referred to some judgments in civil proceedings
where the courts had taken into account the default of a party’s solicitors as
a factor warranting an extension of time and went on to state at 37–38:

With the wisdom of the above two civil cases available for my consideration,
it would appear unusual if the same factor of the solicitor’s inadvertence
could not be applied for criminal cases. In fact, there is more reason that
this factor should be considered in order that substantial justice may be done
as the liberty of a person is no mean commodity. Moreover, in criminal cases
whenever a doubt arises, the benefit of that doubt has consistently tilted to
the accused. To conclude on this point, on the possibility that there was
inadvertence on the part of the solicitors who handled this matter and through
no fault of the applicant he had suffered, I believe the court should not be
prevented from or fettered in considering it.

18 I find these comments entirely persuasive. In this regard, I note that our
own jurisprudence in the context of civil appeals has developed along a
similar line. In _Stansfield Business International Pte Ltd v Vithya Sri
Sumathis_ [1999] 3 SLR 239 (“ _Stansfield_ ”), Chao Hick Tin J (as he then
was) appeared to suggest that default on the part of one’s solicitors could
not be relied on to warrant the exercise of the court’s discretion in favour
of the applicant. However, in _Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v
Ethical Investments Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 686 (“ _Nomura_ ”), Lai Siu Chiu J
carefully reviewed the various authorities on the point and concluded as
follows (at [20]):

In my opinion, these cases do not lay down a general proposition that mistakes
of the solicitor would _never_ be sufficient to justify an extension of time.
Whether it is appropriate to allow the applicant to bring an appeal out of
time would depend on the circumstances of each case, having considered the
relevant principles governing the exercise of the judicial discretion. In
those two cases, the failure on the part of the respective solicitors in
charge to file the notice of appeal was clearly inexcusable in the
circumstances … [emphasis in original]

19 I note that when _Nomura_ went on appeal, the Court of Appeal in a judgment
delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then was) affirmed the statement of
principle articulated by Lai Siu Chiu J and said as follows (at [2000] 4 SLR
46 at [28]):

We agreed with Lai Siu Chiu J that there is no absolute rule of law which
prescribes that an error on the part of a solicitor or his staff can never,
under any circumstances, be a sufficient ground to grant an extension of time
to file a notice of appeal. Having said that, we do not think it is possible
to lay down any hard and fast rules as to the circumstances under which a
mistake or error on the part of the solicitor or his staff would be held to be
sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to the application. It is
the overall picture that emerges to the court that would be determinative.
However, a mistake, even bona fide, is only one factor in the overall
consideration. Such a mistake per se may not be sufficient to enable the court
to exercise its discretion in favour of an extension. … Thus, if there is
anything in the High Court decision in _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Vithya Sri Sumathis_ … which could be read to suggest, although it did
not expressly so state, that an error on the part of a solicitor absolutely
bars any relief, it is not correct.

20 It is thus clear that no hard and fast rule is to be extracted from the
authorities that the default of one’s solicitors can or cannot afford a basis
for an extension of time. In each case it is a matter for the court’s
discretion having regard to all the circumstances of the case.

21 Subject to these observations, I now consider the broad principles that
have been stated in previous cases to inform the exercise of discretion in
cases such as the present. There is a consistent line of cases in our
jurisprudence which touch on this and which can be traced to the decision of
the Brunei Court of Appeal in _Zulkifli bin Puasa v Public Prosecutor_ [1985]
1 MLJ 461 (“ _Zulkifli_ ”).That was a case where a group of eight applicants
had been convicted of rape on 12 September 1984 and had been sentenced to
imprisonment. An application for leave to appeal had to be filed by 26
September 1984 but this was not done. On 3 October 1984 (a week after the time
limit had expired), an application for an extension of time was filed. The
Court of Appeal had this to say on the principles that inform such
applications (at 462):

There are two factors to be considered upon an application for an extension of
time, (1) the length of the delay and whether it can be satisfactorily
explained, and (2) whether the out of time application is likely to succeed.

Where, as here, the delay is of short duration the court may, if it thinks
fit, disregard the delay, even in the absence of satisfactory reasons, but
where a substantial interval of time (a month or more) has elapsed, an
extension of time will not be granted, as a matter of course, without a
satisfactory explanation: see _Rhodes_ [_R v Rhodes_ (1910) 5 Cr App R 35].
Where the delay is minimal the court will still not grant an extension of time
if the application for which the extension is sought is bound to fail: there
must be an arguable case. Moreover, even though the subsequent application may
be likely to succeed … the court will not grant an extension of time as a
matter of course … The entire circumstances will be considered.

22 This was followed in Singapore by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in
_Anuar bin Othman v PP_ [1990] SLR 1180 (“ _Anuar_ ”) where the court held
that a sufficient explanation had been given to explain a delay of some 18
months in filing the petition. The applicant in that case had apparently
exhausted his funds and was unable to engage a solicitor to prosecute the
appeal. When the notes of evidence and grounds of decision were served on him,
he did not know how to prepare the petition and was also unaware of the time
limits. Chan J then went on to consider the prospects in the appeal and in
this context said as follows (at 1183, [12]):

In order to determine whether the applicant has an arguable case, I decided to
look into the merits of this case as if I were hearing the appeal as it was
the most convenient course to take in the circumstances. Because this was an
unusual course to take, I indicated to the DPP and counsel for the applicant
that this was what I intended to do and I received no objection from them. I
accordingly asked for and have heard full arguments based on the grounds of
decision and the notes of evidence to ascertain whether or not the applicant
had an arguable case.

23 Mr Wong submitted in his skeletal argument that the court in _Anuar_ had
held that to look into whether the applicant had an arguable case was “an
unusual course to take”. Mr Wong further submitted as follows: “[Chan J] did
not elaborate but presumably he meant that where the length of delay and its
explanation were justified, the court would not look into the merits of the
appeal under the [second] limb of the [_Zulkifli_] test”.

24 I have no hesitation at all in rejecting this submission since it is plain,
on reading the portion of the judgment of Chan J which I have reproduced
above, that what the court considered “unusual” about the course it had taken
in that case was examining the merits of the appeal as if it were hearing the
appeal. Plainly, this would be unusual in the context of an application for an
extension of time to prosecute an appeal but in _Anuar_ it was thought to be
the most convenient course to take and neither party thought otherwise. In my
view, the court in _Anuar_ went no further than to follow the guidelines set
out in _Zulkifli_.

25 The next case to consider this was _Seah Hee Tect v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 210 (“
_Seah Hee Tect_ ”) a decision of GP Selvam JC (as he then was). In _Seah Hee
Tect_ the applicant was convicted of an offence under the Road Traffic Rules
1981 (Cap 276, R 20, 1990 Rev Ed) and appealed within the permitted time
against his sentence. Some five months later he applied for leave to appeal
against his conviction as well. Selvam JC followed _Zulkifli_ and denied the
application. His Honour reviewed the affidavit filed in that case and noted
that it consisted of nothing more than a series of bare assertions as to the
existence of merits. In the premises, there was no basis for the court to come
to any view as to the prospects in the appeal. The court also noted that no
explanation had been put forward at all for the inordinate delay of five
months. As succinctly stated by Selvam JC at 213, [14]:

If applications are allowed on the basis of the assertions made in this case,
the court’s role will be reduced to rubber-stamping such applications.

26 Finally in _Salwant Singh v PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 36 (“ _Salwant Singh_ ”), the
Singapore Court of Appeal was presented with a motion for an extension of time
to file a notice of appeal. Although the motion was brought under s 50 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed), the Court of Appeal
noted the striking similarity in the terms of this provision and s 250 of the
CPC and cited and endorsed the _dicta_ in _Zulkifli_ and its adoption in _Seah
Hee Tect_. On the facts of the case, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that
the applicant had provided a sufficient explanation for the failure to file
the notice within time. As it transpired, this had been due to factors which
were wholly outside the control of the applicant. However the application was
dismissed because the court was satisfied that the intended appeal had no
prospect of success at all. The applicant had pleaded guilty to begin with and
under s 244 of the CPC, there could be no appeal against a conviction upon a
plea of guilt. Further and in any event, there was no question of public
interest which would have warranted a further appeal to the Court of Appeal.
In the circumstances the court noted that any lodgment of a notice of appeal
by the applicant would be “a waste of his time and that of the court” (at
[22]).

27 What then is one to make of these pronouncements? It virtually goes without
saying that the procedural rules and timelines set out in the relevant rules
or statutes are there to be obeyed. These rules and timetables have been
provided for very good reasons but they are there to serve the ends of justice
and not to frustrate them. To ensure that justice is done in each case, a
measure of flexibility is provided so that transgressions can be excused in
appropriate cases. It is equally clear that a party seeking the court’s
indulgence to excuse a breach must put forward sufficient material upon which
the court may act. No party in breach of such rules has an _entitlement_ to an
extension of time. The foregoing cases all establish that in exercising the
court’s discretion under s 250 of the CPC it is relevant to consider all the
circumstances, and in doing so to use a framework that incorporates such
considerations as:

(a) the length of the delay in the prosecution of the appeal;

(b) the explanation put forward for the delay; and

(c) the prospects in the appeal.

28 But in my view, these factors are not to be considered in a mechanistic
way. As I have noted above, I rejected Mr Wong’s submission that any of these
considerations are necessarily more important than any others. But I also
reject the notion that in every situation each of these is equally important
or to be considered in exactly the same way. Indeed, in _Zulkifli_ , it was
suggested that where, as is the case before me, the delay is of short
duration, the court may, if it thinks fit, disregard the delay altogether.
While this illustrates the flexibility that is commended to a court
considering an application in circumstances such as the present, I doubt if
this particular suggestion in _Zulkifli_ can be accepted without some
clarification.

29 In my view, the fact that the length of the delay is minimal may well
diminish the degree of scrutiny given to the explanation given for that delay,
or the prospects in the appeal. In contrast, a greater degree of scrutiny
would be warranted in a case where the delay is rather more substantial. I
regard this as supportable on the very language used in _Zulkifli_ where the
court appears to have drawn a distinction between the ordinary case where it
may be relevant to inquire into “whether the [appeal] is likely to succeed” on
the one hand and the case of a minimal delay on the other, where the court
would not grant the application “if the application … is bound to fail: there
must be an arguable case”.

30 The latter threshold is a low one directed primarily at excluding those
cases that are hopeless and likely to result in a waste of judicial time and
the resources that go with that – see the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR 644 at
652–653where this was discussed, albeit in a different context.

31 This was also the standard applied by the Court of Appeal in _Salwant_
_Singh_ ([26] _supra_) when considering the merits of the intended appeal in
the context of an application for an extension of time to file the notice of
appeal. As I have noted above, the court in fact found that the applicant was
completely absolved of any responsibility for not filing the notice within
time. It is therefore not surprising that the court applied such an
undemanding standard in assessing the merits. Even so, the application was
disallowed because on the facts, the court found it was doomed to failure and
would have been a waste of time and resources. This is entirely consistent
with the principle that no party has an entitlement to an extension of time,
no matter how good the explanation for the delay may be. However, I would not
have expected the prospects in the appeal to be subjected only to a similarly
undemanding standard if, for instance, the delay had not been so cogently
shown not to be due to any fault on the part of the applicant.

32 Although it is not directly relevant, I have also considered the approach
taken by the courts when faced with similar applications in the context of
civil appeals. In _Hau Khee Wee v Chua Kian Tong_ [1986] SLR 484 (“ _Hau Khee
Wee_ ”), Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) considered the authorities
beginning with _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ [1965] 1 MLJ 228 and identified four
factors to be borne in mind in deciding whether to grant an extension of time
to file a notice of appeal in a civil case (at 488, [14]):

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the chances of the appeal succeeding if the time for appealing were
extended; and

(d) the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the application were
granted.

33 The approach commended in _Hau Khee Wee_ has withstood the test of time and
a line of cases, including several decisions of the Court of Appeal, have
endorsed it. See for example, _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] SLR 212
(“ _Pearson_ ”); _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105; _Stansfield_ ([18]
_supra_); _Nomura_ ([18] _supra_); _Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco Products Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 561 (“ _Ong Cheng Aik_ ”); and _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_
[2005] SGCA 58. In _Ong Cheng Aik_ ,the Court of Appeal clarified that the
_Hau Khee Wee_ approach is applicable both to cases of applications to extend
the time for appeal, as well as to those to extend the time for carrying out
some other step to prosecute an existing appeal, but subject to the following
important observation (at [16]):

While the four factors may be applicable to both types of applications for
extension of time to do an act in that they assist the court in determining
whether there is “some material” for the court to exercise its discretion in
favour of the applicant, it must follow as a matter of logic and justice that
the “material” required for an application for extension of time to file a
notice of appeal out of time should be weightier or more compelling than that
required for other applications for extension of time. At the end of the day,
the court must, after weighing all the circumstances, come to the conclusion
that the application deserves sympathy.

34 It is not surprising that the approach taken to the resolution of this
issue in the context of civil appeals is broadly similar to that taken with
criminal appeals. One of the key points to emerge from this brief review of
the civil cases is that the court must ultimately consider all the
circumstances of the case and then decide whether to exercise its discretion
in favour of the applicant. Yong Pung How CJ in _Pearson_ (at 218, [17])
explained in this context that the factors identified in _Hau Khee Wee_
provide a framework for the court in considering the exercise of its
discretion.

35 The cases show that the way in which this framework has been used and the
emphasis that has been placed upon particular considerations have varied
somewhat from case to case depending on the particular circumstances at hand.
It is clear from such cases as _Ong Cheng Aik, Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_ , _The
Tokai Maru_ and _Pearson_ (among others) that the courts do not approach the
_Hau Khee Wee_ framework in a mechanistic way. Instead, all the circumstances
are weighed in order to arrive at a conclusion as to whether sufficient
material has been placed before the court to merit its sympathy. I return here
to the _dicta_ of the Court of Appeal in _Ong Cheng Aik_ where it expressly
recognised that the same framework could be used to consider the quite
different situations where an appeal had been filed in time and was then not
prosecuted in a timely manner, and where the appeal had not been brought in
time in the first place; but the court noted that in each case the framework
would be applied differently in terms of the weight of the material that the
applicant would be required to place before the court.

36 I consider that in the context of criminal cases, there is, if anything, an
even greater need for such flexibility in the application of the relevant
framework. I reiterate here my agreement with the sentiments expressed by
Suriyadi J in the extract from the judgment in _Shaari_ ([15] _supra_) which I
have quoted at [17] above.

37 In my view, the approach set out in _Zulkifli_ and followed in the
subsequent cases provide a framework for exercising the court’s discretion
where an application is brought under s 250 of the CPC. That framework is not
meant in any way to restrict the court’s discretion and it should be applied
as appropriate with due regard to the circumstances of each case. I therefore
conclude that in exercising my discretion in an application under s 250 of the
CPC:

(a) I must endeavour to do substantial justice in the matter before me having
regard to all the circumstances of the case.

(b) In particular, I should apply my mind to the length of the delay, the
sufficiency of any explanation given in respect of the delay and the prospects
in the appeal.

(c) These factors are not to be considered and evaluated in a mechanistic way
or as though they are necessarily of equal or of any particular importance
relative to one another in every case. Nor should it be expected that each of
these factors will be considered in exactly the same manner in all cases.

(d) Generally, where the delay is minimal or there is a compelling explanation
for a delay, it may be appropriate to subject the prospects in the appeal to
rather less scrutiny than would be appropriate in cases of inordinate delay or
delay that has not been entirely satisfactorily explained.

(e) It would seldom, if ever, be appropriate to ignore any of these factors
because that would undermine the principles that a party in breach of these
rules has no automatic entitlement to an extension and that the rules and
statutes are expected to be adhered to. It is only in the deserving cases,
where it is necessary to enable substantial justice to be done, that the
breach will be excused.

**The present case**

38  Applying these considerations to the present case, I had little hesitation
in granting the motion before me.

39 The delay in this case was as minimal as it could be, since in effect the
Applicant had attempted to file the petition one working day out of time. This
is to be considered in the light of the explanations put forward by the
Applicant. By the time the Applicant even knew that the notes of evidence and
grounds of decision had been received, half the statutory period allowed for
the petition to be prepared and filed had expired. Further, she only received
the grounds on the penultimate day of the period within which the petition was
to be filed. This is a period when the Applicant wanted to take advice on the
wisdom of pursuing the appeal. Moreover, there was the additional factor of a
related appeal being pursued by her son where some confusion arose because of
a slightly different time frame. There was also some evidence of tension in
her relations with her former solicitors which prompted her to engage new
solicitors. In all the circumstances, the loss of five of the permitted ten
days was a significant loss of time for her. This says nothing of the further
loss of time before she received the grounds of decision. I was therefore
satisfied that the Applicant had more than adequately explained the delay,
minimal though it was to begin with.

40 Turning to the merits, Mr Hay argued with conviction that there was little
prospect of success in the appeal. His arguments centred on the fact that this
was primarily an appeal on a point of fact. It is trite that appeals on facts
are seldom easy. Yet, I can say from experience that they are not doomed to
failure simply by virtue of being appeals on the facts.

41 Mr Wong argued that one of his principal grounds of appeal was that the
learned magistrate had erroneously relied on the uncorroborated and
inconsistent evidence of the domestic worker in arriving at the findings of
fact upon which the conviction was based. He submitted that this was at least
a mixed question of law and fact. I did not think this was an appropriate case
to warrant the unusual course of hearing arguments on the merits as though I
were hearing the appeal itself. I therefore confine myself to saying that I
was satisfied from the arguments Mr Wong placed before me that the appeal was
not hopeless or bound to fail.

42 Lastly, I would like to say that I found it pleasing that both counsel made
such strenuous efforts on what might have appeared to be a relatively
unimportant case. To the Applicant a conviction is a matter of great
importance even if it happens not to result in a sentence of imprisonment. Mr
Wong’s efforts in pursuing the appeal for his client in spite of the pressures
of time he was obviously under are commendable. Equally, Mr Hay’s strenuous
efforts are to be lauded. As I noted at the outset, it was the vigour of his
submissions that convinced me that it was appropriate to make this
contribution to the understanding of s 250 of the CPC. I thank them both for
their efforts.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

