Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon and Another v Scanlon Graeme John and Others  
[2006] SGHC 136

Case Number | : | Suit 679/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suhaimi bin Lazim and Rohan Harith (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiffs; Tito Shane Isaac and P Padman (Tito Isaac & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon; Vivaldi Investments Ltd — Scanlon Graeme John; Stanley Adam Zagrodnik; Bulpak Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Oppression – Valuation of minority shares – Parties agreeing to
deal solely with valuation of shares – Plaintiffs contending court should take
into account earlier alleged oppression in deciding whether to adjust value of
shares – Whether court having unfettered discretion to re-examine allegations
despite proviso in court direction – Section 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
1994 Rev Ed)  
  

31 July 2006

V K Rajah J:

1 The first plaintiff is the former managing director of the third defendant,
a company that he co-founded sometime in or about September 1996 (“the
Company”). The second plaintiff is a company founded by the first plaintiff
for the purpose of holding shares in the Company. As at 18 May 2004, the
second plaintiff held 30% of the Company’s issued capital, _ie_ , 642,000
shares out of an issued capital of 2,140,000 shares.

2 The Company and its subsidiaries (namely, PT Bulkpakindo, a company
incorporated in Indonesia and Bulkpak Ltd, a private limited company
incorporated in the United Kingdom) are involved in the production of custom-
made flexible intermediate bulk containers (“FIBCs”). FIBCs are commonly
utilised to transport a wide range of solids and semi-solids, including
polymers, agrochemicals, minerals, foodstuff, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and
building materials.

3 The first and second defendants are currently directors cum shareholders of
the Company. The first defendant also happens to be the executive chairman of
the Company. As at 18 May 2004, the first and second defendants and/or their
nominees collectively held 70% of the Company’s issued capital, _ie_ ,
1,498,000 shares out of an issued share capital of 2,140,000 shares.

4 In essence, the plaintiffs’ case against the first and second defendants is
founded on a claim of minority oppression by the first and/or second
defendants (“the liability issue”). The claim is brought under the umbrella of
s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“s 216”). The plaintiffs
charge the defendants with having systematically disregarded their rights and
rely on a broad litany of purported misdemeanours on the part of the
defendants. The defendants in turn deny that there is any basis to ground any
claim(s) of oppression, discrimination or undue prejudice. Counter allegations
have been hurled at the first plaintiff by both the first and second
defendants, portraying him as an “unprincipled opportunist”.

5 Prior to the commencement of the hearing, the parties informed the court
that “the liability issue need no longer be ventilated. The _sole issue_
remaining is the pricing mechanism for the purchase/sale of the second
plaintiff’s share in the Company” [emphasis added] (“the liability
agreement”): see _Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon v Scanlon Graeme John_ [2005] 2
SLR 632 at [5]. Accordingly, there was therefore no determination by the court
as to whether a case of oppression had been established by the plaintiffs. In
short, both parties had agreed to cast aside their rancour and deal solely
with the valuation of the current market value of the company's shares with a
view to implementing a buy-out arrangement.

6 The parties then settled the precise terms of reference for an expert to
settle the “fair market value of the shares”. It was agreed that the expert’s
valuation would be final. There were six ancillary issues, relevant for the
purposes of valuation, which the parties could not resolve. After adjudicating
upon these issues, I directed the parties to proceed with the appointment of
the expert in accordance with their agreement dated 1 June 2004. I also
simultaneously made the following direction ([2005] 2 SLR 632 at [8]):

The court shall make a decision on whether there should be any further
adjustment to the valuation of the 2nd plaintiffs shares in the 3rd  Defendant
(“subject shares”) upon receipt of the expert’s report. Parties are at liberty
to make further submissions to the court within seven (7) days of their
receipt of the expert’s report, requesting for an adjustment to the valuation
of the subject shares to _take into account any other non pecuniary material
circumstance(s)_ … [emphasis added]

7 The expert finalised his report on 24 September 2004 and concluded:

In arriving at the valuation of [the Company], it is important to note that
the Net Asset Value of [the Company] as at 31 May 2004 is in deficit, ie.
negative US$23,867. However, this is after taking into account shareholders’
(shareholders of [the Company]) loans and directors’ loans of US$1,677,698 to
[PT Bulkpakindo], a wholly owned subsidiary of [the Company]. If the
shareholders and directors continue to expect these liabilities to be payable
by [PT Bulkpakindo], _the fair market value of 100% of the issued share
capital of [the Company], as at 7 June 2004 would be nil_.

On the assumption that the shareholders and directors treat their loans to [PT
Bulkpakindo] of US$1,677,698 as equity for the purpose of this valuation, the
fair market value of 100% issued share capital of [the Company] would be
US$398,631.

[emphasis added]

8 The plaintiffs disagreed with the expert’s report and invited me to vary the
expert’s conclusion by taking into account “other non-pecuniary
circumstances”. It was contended that the court could still make a finding
that there had been oppressive conduct and/or grant relief under s 216. I
declined to do so, both in light of the liability agreement that recognised
and acknowledged that fault was no longer an issue and also because the power
under s 216 can only be exercised upon a finding of oppressive conduct. In
addition, I was not persuaded that there was in fact any evidence that might
qualify as “any other non-pecuniary circumstances”. Dissatisfied with my
decision, the plaintiffs chose to appeal.

9 The Court of Appeal declined to re-open the issue of oppression or set aside
the expert’s finding. It decided instead to remit the decision for me to re-
consider whether there should be an “adjustment to the valuation of the
subject shares to take into account any other non-pecuniary material
circumstance(s)”.

10 When the parties re-appeared before me, I gave them leave to adduce fresh
evidence to determine whether there were indeed relevant “other non-pecuniary
material circumstances” that might justify an adjustment of the expert’s
report.

11 The plaintiffs maintained that the court had an unfettered jurisdiction to
take into account any and all “non-pecuniary material circumstances” that were
excluded from the expert’s purview including all allegations preceding the
liability agreement. Plaintiffs’ counsel rehashed the very same arguments that
were initially made to the court in relation to the first and second
defendants’ conduct. The plaintiffs relied on two witnesses, namely, William
Crothers and William David Robert Habergham. Significantly, the first
plaintiff himself chose not to testify – in contradistinction to the first
defendant who did. In essence, the evidence dwelled largely on the first and
second defendants’ abortive attempts to dispose of the company’s shares.

12 I now turn to the plaintiffs’ principal contentions. Does the court retain
an unfettered discretion to re-examine the circumstances leading to the
parties’ disputes in order to assess their respective rights and wrongs in
considering whether or not to adjust the share value? In my view, the answer
clearly is “no”. The parties had, by the precise terms of the liability
agreement, resolved not to take into account any prior incidents or
circumstances. It ought to be emphasised that it was the court itself and not
the parties that incorporated the proviso in the directions. What was the
intention underlying the proviso? Was it to permit a re-examination of the
circumstances leading to the initiation of the proceedings? Clearly not. When
the proviso was included, it was plain to me that the parties had agreed not
to revisit the issues leading to the breakdown in their relationship, the
subsequent operations of the company or the abortive attempts to find
purchasers for the company and/or its shareholders. The _sole_ remaining issue
to be resolved was the valuation of the shares, without regard to any existing
allegations of fault raised by the parties. It was neither contemplated nor
intended that their prior disagreements and allegations would be re-ventilated
for the purposes of the valuation and/or any adjustment thereof. The proviso
was included for the sole purpose of conferring on the court the power to take
into account “any _other_ non-pecuniary circumstances” that were unrelated to
the parties’ _existing differences_ , in the event the valuer or the parties
could point to the existence of such circumstances prevailing at the date of
the valuation. Hence the word “other” that prefaces “non-pecuniary
circumstances”. This proviso was never intended to provide a back door for
either of the parties to re-open old wounds. The plaintiffs were clearly
unable to establish in such a context the existence of any “other” relevant
non-pecuniary circumstances in these proceedings.

13 Purely for the avoidance of doubt, I also find that the evidence fails to
establish that the first and/or second defendants consciously injured or
mismanaged the third defendant. Why would they be even so inclined? They were
after all the majority shareholders. It was patently in their interests to
obtain the best possible price for the shares. I am persuaded that the first
and second defendants were genuinely interested in the sale of the shares and
did not scuttle purchase offers purely out of pique to spite the plaintiffs.
The lengthy negotiations and discussions more than bear this out. As I noted
earlier, it is highly significant that the first plaintiff chose not to
testify. Could it be that he was not prepared to have his allegations and
hypotheses scrutinised and subjected to cross-examination?

14 Regrettably, the plaintiffs have yet again resorted to reprising the
alleged oppressive circumstances under the dubious guise that they are “other
non-pecuniary circumstances”. This is inappropriate and nothing more than
another attempt to resile from the liability agreement.

15 In the result, I declined to vary my original determination and dismissed
the plaintiffs’ invitation to vary the expert’s valuation. The defendants were
awarded the costs of the resumed hearing.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

