Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Li Ling v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 184

Case Number | : | MA 76/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  RS Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the appellant; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Li Ling — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Common Gaming Houses Act – Offender
charged and pleading guilty to charge for assisting carrying on of public
lottery under s 5(a) Common Gaming Houses Act – Offender sentenced to term of
imprisonment and fine – Whether term of imprisonment under s 5(a) mandatory
while fine optional – Section 5(a) Common Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Forms of punishment – Scope
of jurisdiction to grant probation for offence under s 5(a) Common Gaming
Houses Act where offender not young offender – Meaning of phrases "mandatory
minimum sentence" and "specified minimum sentence" – Section 5(a) Common
Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985 Rev Ed), s 5(1) Probation of Offenders Act
(Cap 252, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

19 October 2006

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1  This was an appeal against sentence. The appellant, a 34-year-old female,
was charged with and pleaded guilty to assisting in the carrying on of a
public lottery under s 5(_a_) of the Common Gaming Houses Act (Cap 49, 1985
Rev Ed) (“CGHA”). The material facts were not in contention and were as set
out in the agreed statement of facts. In summary, the appellant had committed
the offence in question by helping to carry on an illegal “10,000 characters”
lottery (also known as “4D”). Her areas of responsibility extended to keying
betting data received from 4D collectors into her laptop and transmitting this
data to an unidentified location in Johor Baru. These activities were
conducted from the appellant’s sister’s home. When the police raided this
place, they found 84 pieces of faxed paper which recorded more than $55,000
worth of betting stakes.

2 The charge against the appellant under the CGHA read:

You, Lim Li Ling, F/34 yrs, NRIC: S7105204D, are charged that you on or about
the 26th  day of November 2005 at or about 5.30 p.m., at Number 18-D St
Michael’s Road, Singapore, did assist in carrying on of a public lottery, to
wit, “10,000” characters, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under Section 5(a) of the Common Gaming Houses Act, Chapter 49.

Following her plea of guilt, the appellant was sentenced to six months
imprisonment and a fine of $200,000, with 12 months’ imprisonment in default.
She then filed the present appeal to the High Court against her sentence.

3 After hearing the arguments presented by both counsel, I allowed the appeal
_in part_ by reducing the fine to $80,000, with four months imprisonment in
default. The six-month imprisonment term was left unaltered. I now give my
reasons.

4 At this preliminary juncture, I pause to highlight that the present case was
of particular significance because it occasioned a reconsideration of the
erstwhile sentencing practice _vis-à-vis_ offences under s 5(_a_) of the CGHA
(“s 5(_a_)”). Section 5(_a_) provides as follows:

**Assisting in carrying on a public lottery, etc.**

**5.** Any person who —

(a) assists in the carrying on of a public lottery;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and _shall be liable_ on conviction to a fine of
not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 and _shall also be punished_
with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years.

[emphasis added]

For the reasons set out below, I was of the view that the current practice of
treating _both_ the sentences of fine _and_ of imprisonment under s 5(_a_) as
mandatory was erroneous.

**The proceedings before the magistrate**

5 As stated at the outset, the prosecution and defence were generally agreed
on all material facts relating to the commission of the offence. A _Newton_
hearing was originally fixed to resolve certain areas of factual dispute. This
hearing was subsequently vacated because parties reached an agreement on the
facts as reflected in the statement of facts. The case thus proceeded directly
to sentencing before the magistrate.

6 In her mitigation plea before the magistrate, the appellant relied on the
fact that she had, at the material time, been afflicted with post-partum
depression and carpal tunnel syndrome. According to her counsel, she was
constantly tormented by a strong sense of guilt because these illnesses had
placed her family under immense financial pressure. It was in this fraught
state that she agreed to assist in the illegal data entry of 4D numbers.
Counsel for the appellant urged the magistrate to take a compassionate view of
the appellant’s circumstances. In view of the appellant’s medical condition,
her counsel urged the magistrate to call for a pre-sentence report with a view
to placing the appellant on probation.

7 The prosecution in turn confined itself to highlighting that probation was
_not_ appropriate in view of the appellant’s age and the nature of her
offence, and left the question of sentence to the magistrate’s discretion.

8 The magistrate rejected counsel for the appellant’s submissions and agreed
with the prosecution that this was a case where probation was not appropriate,
principally because the offence was a serious one, involving high betting
stakes, use of high-technology equipment and also the involvement of
syndicated operations: _PP v Lim Li Ling_ [2006] SGMC 8 (“ _Grounds of
Decision_ ”) at [4] and [5]. The magistrate went on to observe that
incarceration, as mandated by s 5 of the CGHA, would not be inappropriate on
the present facts as incarceration would ensure the appellant’s rehabilitation
whilst at the same time arresting any suicidal tendencies that she might
display under the watchful eyes of the wardens: _Grounds of Decision_ at [6].

9 On the issue of the appropriate _quantum_ of punishment, the magistrate
began by observing that s 5 of the CGHA imposed a _mandatory_ sentence of
imprisonment _and_ fine: _Grounds of Decision_ at [10] and [11]. The
magistrate generally gave little weight to the appellant’s need to discharge
her role as a mother. Though he was sympathetic to the appellant’s family, and
more particularly her child, he did not doubt that the appellant had family
members who would take care of the child’s welfare whilst she was being
rehabilitated: _Grounds of Decision_ at [11]. In light of the high value of
bets (to the amount of $55,106.20), the sophisticated equipment used to
transmit the data, and the appellant’s involvement with an intricate cross-
border syndicate, the magistrate was of the view that the statutory _maximum_
fine of $200,000 should be imposed: _Grounds of Decision_ at [11] and [12].
However, as the appellant was a first offender who had pleaded guilty and in
view of the circumstances leading to her commission of the offence, a six-
month term of imprisonment was considered sufficient: _Grounds of Decision_ at
[12]. The total sentence imposed on the appellant was accordingly a term of
six months’ imprisonment and a fine of $200,000.

**The appeal**

10 Dissatisfied with this sentence, the appellant filed the present appeal. In
this appeal, counsel for the appellant raised two alternative grounds of
contention. The primary relief which the appellant sought was the
_substitution_ of her sentence with a term of probation. In the event that
probation was not granted, the appellant additionally sought a _reduction_ of
her sentence on the grounds that it was manifestly excessive.

**_The parties’ submissions on appeal_**

11 The appellant’s _primary_ ground of appeal was that the magistrate had
erred in deciding that probation was inappropriate. Counsel for the appellant
submitted that the magistrate had failed to give sufficient weight to the
appellant’s personal mitigating circumstances such as her string of medical
ailments, her affliction with depression and her financial difficulties. Had
these factors been properly weighed against the nature of the offence under s
5(_a_), a probation order would have been found to be appropriate in the
appellant’s circumstances.

12 Second, and in the alternative, counsel contended that the appellant’s
sentence was _manifestly excessive_ and at odds with the established
sentencing practice for first offenders under s 5(_a_). In particular, counsel
submitted that the magistrate had omitted to record and consider the exact
extent of the appellant’s role in the _modus operandi_ of the public lottery,
which had been pleaded as part of her oral mitigation before the magistrate.
It was said that whilst the faxed papers found at the appellant’s sister’s
house recorded bets totalling $55,106.20, the appellant had only been
responsible for entering bets of approximately $4,000. Her role _vis-à-vis_
the balance value of approximately $51,000 was limited to retaining the pieces
of faxed paper as backup records in case the relevant entry clerk lost the
information.

13 The prosecution responded to the appellant’s contentions by raising the
following arguments. On the issue of probation, the prosecution submitted that
the magistrate had not erred in refusing to grant probation. To begin with,
the court’s jurisdiction under s 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap
252, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the POA”) did not extend to the appellant. In any event,
an order of probation would not have been appropriate in the present
circumstances. Sentences awarded under s 5(_a_) needed to incorporate a
sufficiently deterrent element to reflect the serious nature of such offences.
This case involved sophisticated and organised cross-border criminality and
the mitigating factors highlighted by the appellant carried little or no
weight. The appellant’s commission of the offence was attributable to her
desire for financial gain rather than to her ill-health.

14 The prosecution additionally submitted that the sentence imposed by the
magistrate was reasonable. The appellant’s averments regarding her partial
involvement in the total value of bets had not been included in the statement
of facts, the truth of which the appellant had voluntarily accepted. In any
event, this alleged fact did not detract from the appellant’s _general
involvement_ in an illegal public lottery that had cumulatively involved
$55,106.20 worth of illegal bets. It was submitted that the magistrate, having
accurately distilled the relevant aggravating and mitigating factors, had
applied the correct sentencing precedents to the present facts.

**_The issues arising on appeal_**

15 In essence, this appeal raised two related, but distinct, questions: (a)
whether the magistrate erred in refusing to grant probation; and (b) whether
the sentence imposed by the magistrate was in any event manifestly excessive.
For the reasons that follow, I held that these two questions should
respectively be answered in the prosecution’s and the appellant’s favour. I
accordingly affirmed the magistrate’s decision to refuse probation but reduced
the sentence of fine imposed on the ground that it was manifestly excessive.

**The issue of probation**

16 As the prosecution rightly pointed out, the appellant’s submissions on the
issue of probation raised a preliminary question, _ie_ , whether the
jurisdiction to grant probation under the POA even existed on the present
facts. It was only after the _existence_ of this jurisdiction was ascertained
that the _appropriateness_ of granting the appellant probation would arise for
consideration. Having traversed the relevant jurisprudence and legislative
debates, I came to the conclusion that there was _no jurisdiction_ under s
5(1) of the POA to order probation in respect of offenders such as the
appellant. In any event, a probation order _would not have been appropriate_
given the facts of the present case.

**_The jurisdiction to grant probation_**

17 Section 5(1) of the POA delineates the situations in which a court has the
power to make a probation order. This sub-section comprises two components:
(a) the main body of the section, which sets out the _general_ scope of the
court’s jurisdiction to grant probation; and (b) the proviso to the section,
which _qualifies_ the effect of the main body. According to the main body of s
5(1):

Where a court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence (_not
being an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law_) is of the opinion
that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence
and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do so, the court may,
instead of sentencing him, make a probation order, that is to say, an order
requiring him to be under the supervision of a probation officer or a
volunteer probation officer for a period to be specified in the order of not
less than 6 months nor more than 3 years[.] [emphasis added]

The proviso to the section then proceeds to state:

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence for which _a specified
minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment or fine or
caning is prescribed by law_ , the court _may_ make a probation order if the
person—

(a) has attained the age of 16 years but has not attained the age of 21 years
at the time of his conviction; and

(b) has not been previously convicted of such offence referred to in this
proviso …

[emphasis added]

18 From a plain reading, it is not immediately obvious _how_ the proviso to s
5(1) qualifies the preceding part of the section. It could do so in one of two
ways – either by _adding to_ , or by _circumscribing_ the category of offences
already excluded from the court’s jurisdiction by the main body of s 5(1).
This ambiguity stems from the fact that both parts of s 5(1) employ differing
terminology. Whilst the main body of s 5(1) adopts the criterion of whether
the offence in question has a sentence “ _fixed by law_ ”, the proviso to the
section refers to offences with “ _specified minimum … or mandatory minimum_ ”
sentences. It follows from this that the legal effect of the proviso would
depend on the relationship between the respective scopes of these differing
terms. If “specified minimum” and “mandatory minimum” sentences merely
constitute _subsets_ of a broader category of sentences “fixed by law”, the
proviso would _expand the court’s jurisdiction_ by allowing it to grant
probation in circumstances that the main body of s 5(1) would otherwise
prohibit. Conversely, if “specified minimum” and “mandatory minimum” sentences
form categories _distinct_ from sentences “fixed by law”, the proviso would
_create a further exception to the court’s jurisdiction_ by limiting the
availability of probation for offences with “specified minimum” and “mandatory
minimum” sentences to situations where conditions (a) and (b) therein are
satisfied.

19 The key to reconciling the two disparate parts of s 5(1) lies in the
legislative history behind the provision. Section 5(1) of the POA was first
enacted as s 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Ordinance (Ordinance 27 of
1951) (“1951 Ordinance”). At that time, s 5(1) of the 1951 Ordinance only
contained what is currently the _main body_ of s 5(1) of the POA. The
_proviso_ to the current s 5(1) was only added in 1993 to mitigate the effect
of the courts’ prevailing interpretation of the main body.

_The main body of section 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act_

20 Section 5(1) of the 1951 Ordinance (which contained the _main body_ of s
5(1) of the POA) was modelled after the UK Criminal Justice Act 1948 (11 & 12
Geo 6, c58) (“UK Act”): see the Explanatory Statement to the Bill for the
_Probation of Offenders Ordinance 1951_. Aside from the duration of probation
prescribed, s 5(1) of the 1951 Ordinance was _in pari materia_ with s 3(1) of
the UK Act. Both these sections conferred the court with jurisdiction to grant
probation in respect of all offences, except those which had sentences that
were “fixed by law”.

21 Whilst the 1951 Ordinance did not define the term “fixed by law” as used in
s 5(1), the UK Act actually contained a definition of this term. According to
s 80(1) of the UK Act:

“Offence the sentence for which is fixed by law” means an offence for which
_the court is required to sentence the offender to death or imprisonment for
life or to detention during His Majesty’s pleasure_ … [emphasis added]

Hence, under the UK Act, a sentence would only be deemed as being “fixed by
law” where one of three _specific_ sentences was _mandatory_. It is unclear
why the definition of this term was excluded from our local 1951 Ordinance;
the relevant Legislative Assembly debates and Explanatory Statement to the
Bill for the 1951 Ordinance do not make any reference to this omission.

22 Notwithstanding the omission of the UK definition section from our 1951
Ordinance, it of course remained open to our courts to adopt this meaning as a
matter of statutory interpretation. An opportunity to do so arose in _R v Goh
Boon Kwan_ [1955] MLJ 120 (“ _Goh Boon Kwan_ ”). However, Murray-Aynsley CJ
declined to apply s 80(1) of the UK Act and instead chose to accept the
interpretation that had been applied to an equivalent phrase in the UK
Criminal Appeal Act 1907 and the local Court of Criminal Appeal Ordinance (Cap
11). According to the then Chief Justice, an offence “for which the sentence
is fixed in law” is an offence for which the sentence is “fixed _both_ in
quantum and in kind” [emphasis added]. This interpretation was in fact
conceptually _broader_ than the meaning adopted in s 80(1) of the UK Act (see
[21] above). Whilst the punishments described in s 80(1) of that Act were
indeed sentences “fixed both in quantum and in kind”, they were but three
_specific_ examples of such sentences, _ie_ , mandatory death sentences,
mandatory life imprisonment terms and mandatory detention at His Majesty’s
pleasure. (Though strictly speaking, detention at His Majesty’s pleasure was
not a sentence that was of a definite duration, it was for all intents and
purposes “fixed … in quantum” _vis-à-vis_ a sentencing court, which would have
no discretion to order how long the detention was to last.) Conversely, the
term “sentences … fixed by law”, as Murray-Aynsley CJ understood it, referred
more generally to all offences where the sentencing court was completely
stripped of any discretion on the issue of appropriate sentence.

23 Though the approach in _Goh Boon Kwan_ was subsequently adopted in a number
of other local cases, it was departed from in 1993 by Yong Pung How CJ in the
case of _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 338 (“ _Juma’at_ ”). In
_Juma’at_ , the court adopted a more _restrictive_ approach to the
jurisdiction to grant probation. According to Yong CJ (at 349, [43]):

[T]he insertion of the phrase ‘an offence the sentence for which is fixed by
law’ clearly indicates that the court’s discretion to make a probation order
is subordinated to the power of the legislature to provide that certain
offenders be made to suffer certain forms of punishment. _The provision of a
mandatory minimum sentence is a clear instance of the exercise of this power
by the legislature and the court ought not to usurp this power by an
unjustifiably wide reading of an unambiguous provision_. Therefore the
expression ‘an offence (not being an offence the sentence for which is fixed
by law)’ _cannot and should not be given the excessively broad meaning of any
offence other than one which attracts a single inflexible sentence for which
the exact quantum and kind of punishment are expressly provided in the
statutory provision concerned_. [emphasis added]

24 The decision in _Juma’at_ sharply circumscribed the court’s power to grant
probation under s 5(1) of the POA. Before this decision, the court’s
jurisdiction extended to _all_ offences except those with an _exact_ type and
quantum of sentence. As a result of _Juma’at_ , the courts no longer had the
power to grant probation where offences with mandatory minimum sentences were
involved. This restriction of the court’s jurisdiction under s 5(1) was
particularly pervasive in the light of the 1984 amendments to our Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). These amendments imposed mandatory minimum sentences
for the offences of robbery, housebreaking and theft, vehicle theft, snatch
theft, extortion, rapes and outraging of modesty: see _Singapore_
_Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (26 July 1984) vol 44 at col 1867.

25 The fear of marginalising the utility of probation as an alternative
sentencing option spurred Parliament to insert the proviso to s 5(1) just
months after _Juma’at_ was decided: see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (10 November 1993) vol 61 (“ _Parliamentary Debates_ , vol
61”) at cols 931–939. However, whilst Parliament felt the need to mitigate the
effect of the ruling in _Juma’at_ , it is crucial to note that it nevertheless
affirmed the interpretation that the case had placed on the term “sentence …
fixed by law”. According to the Minister for Community Development
(_Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 61 at col 931):

The Chief Justice had ruled [on 30 June 1993] that … _the words “fixed by law”
appearing in s 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act apply to mandatory
minimum sentences_.

_Sir, the Chief Justice’s decision is correct_. In granting probation to an
adult offender in cases where the law specifies a mandatory minimum sentence,
a Court would be defeating the intention of Parliament when it enacted
mandatory minimum penalties for such offences.

[emphasis added]

26 In the light of the decision in _Juma’at_ and its subsequent affirmation by
Parliament, it is clear that the _main body_ of s 5(1) of the POA should now
be interpreted as creating a blanket prohibition against probation, not only
in respect of offences which impose a _fixed_ sentence, but also in respect of
offences which prescribe a mandatory minimum sentence. The effect of this
prohibition must, however, be read in the light of the proviso to s 5(1),
which will now be considered.

_The proviso to section 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act_

27 As stated earlier, whilst Parliament affirmed the interpretation adopted in
_Juma’at_ ([23] _supra_), it also recognised the need to qualify the overly
extensive effects of such an approach (see [25] above). As a result, the
proviso to the current s 5(1) of the POA was inserted by way of the Probation
of Offenders (Amendment) Act 1993 (Act 37 of 1993). According to the Minister
for Community Development (_Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 61 ([25] _supra_) at
cols 931 and 932):

The Bill seeks to amend the Probation of Offenders Act (Chapter 252) _to
provide the Courts with the power to grant probation_ … for young offenders
who have attained the age of 16 years but have not attained the age of 21
years at the time of their convictions for their offences, _notwithstanding
that the offences concerned are punishable with specified minimum or mandatory
minimum sentences_.

…

[T]he Probation of Offenders Act, as it now stands, can apply to any offence
except for those offences where the sentence is fixed by law. _The proposed
amendments are necessary in view of the decision by the Chief Justice on 30th
June 1993 that the Courts have no power to grant probation to offenders
convicted of an offence where a mandatory minimum sentence is prescribed for
that offence_.

[emphasis added]

28 In view of the Minister’s statement, it is evident that the proviso
qualifies the main body of s 5(1) by _re-extending_ , rather than additionally
circumscribing, the court’s jurisdiction to grant probation (see [18] above).
It mitigates the blanket exclusion of offences with sentences “fixed by law”
and allows probation to be granted for some of these offences if certain
conditions are met. In particular, the proviso allows the court to grant
probation for two specific sub-categories of offences with sentences “fixed by
law”, _ie_ , those with “specified minimum” sentences or “mandatory minimum”
sentences, provided that the offender in question falls within conditions (a)
and (b) therein.

29 At this juncture, I should pause to highlight that whilst the proviso to s
5(1) purportedly _qualified_ the effect of the decision in _Juma’at_ ([23]
_supra_), it in fact implicitly _extended_ the definition of “fixed by law” by
including an additional category of offences, _ie_ , offences with a
“specified minimum sentence”, within its ambit. The decision in _Juma’at_ only
addressed the availability of probation for offences with mandatory minimum
sentences. No mention was made of this additional category of offences with
“specified minimum sentences”. Yet, according to the Minister, the proviso was
intended to “ _provide the Courts with the power_ to grant probation …
notwithstanding that the offences in question are punishable with specified
minimum … sentences” [emphasis added]: see _Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 61
([25] _supra_) at col  931\. This suggested that the courts _did not_
previously have the power to grant probation for offences with a “specified
minimum sentence”, and was an implicit concession that such offences were
offences with sentences “fixed by law” that would _otherwise_ have been
excluded from the jurisdiction under s 5(1).

30 This issue aside, one can nevertheless conclude that s 5(1) of the POA
generally allows a court to grant probation _unless_ the offence in question
has a sentence which is “fixed by law”. This blanket prohibition is however
subject to the proviso in s 5(1), which _re-includes_ a number of offences
within the jurisdiction to grant probation. Where the sentence “fixed by law”
is either a “specified minimum sentence” or “mandatory minimum sentence”, the
court can order probation if the offender in question is between 16 to 21
years of age at the time of his conviction and if he has no prior convictions
for offences with “specified minimum” or “mandatory minimum” sentences.

**_Sentences under section 5(_ a _) of the Common Gaming Houses Act_**

31 In order to ascertain whether the _present scenario_ fell within the scope
of the court’s jurisdiction to grant probation, these requirements of s 5(1)
of the POA had be applied to s 5(_a_) of the CGHA, the charging section under
which the appellant was convicted. An offender convicted under s 5(_a_)
potentially faces two different punishments: (a) a fine ranging between
$20,000 and $200,000; and (b)  imprisonment for not more than five years. To
determine whether offences under s 5(_a_) fell within the prohibition in the
main body and/or the exemptions in the proviso to s 5(1) of the POA, the
_extent_ of the court’s discretion to impose each of these punishments under s
5(_a_) first had to be ascertained.

32 In this regard, I was of the view that the prevailing position in the
jurisprudence fails to accurately reflect the types of sentence mandated by s
5(_a_). These flaws in the current position become patent when compared
against: (a) the express language of s 5(_a_) itself; and (b) the legislative
intent behind the provision.

_Current sentencing practice on s 5(a) of the CGHA_

33 Section 5(_a_) of the CGHA utilises different language to prescribe the
sentences of fine and imprisonment. The section first provides that an
offender “ _shall be liable … to_ ” a fine of between $20,000 and $200,000,
but goes on to state that such an offender “ _shall also be punished with_ ”
imprisonment of up to five years. Notwithstanding this disparity, a number of
local cases have conflated the legal effect of both limbs and interpreted s
5(_a_) as imposing _both_ a mandatory minimum fine and a mandatory term of
imprisonment.

34 In _See Choon Chye v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 98 (“ _See Choon Chye_ ”) at 99, [3],
the court held that “the minimum sentence that could be meted out under s 5(a)
is … a fine of $20,000 and one day’s imprisonment”. By deciding that s 5(_a_)
of the CGHA imposed _both_ a mandatory fine and a mandatory jail term, the
court effectively attached the same meaning to the phrases “shall be liable …
to” and “shall … be punished with” in s 5(_a_). The decision did not explain
why the court found the concurrent use of these differing phrases to be of no
legal significance.

35 The approach in _See Choon Chye_ has been adopted in subsequent decisions
emanating from the Subordinate Courts. According to the magistrate in _PP v
Tang Chong Nai_ [2006] SGMC 6, the mandatory fine and imprisonment term under
s 5(_a_) reflects Parliament’s intention that such offences should be treated
seriously: at [7]. The magistrate observed that Singapore courts have
consistently taken a harsh stand on the offence of assisting in carrying on a
public lottery and went on to consider the range of sentences that had been
imposed in previous cases involving s 5(_a_) of the CGHA: at [7] and
[12]–[17]. Notably, in _all_ the cases she referred to, the courts imposed
_both_ a fine of at least $20,000 and a term of imprisonment: see, _eg_ ,
_Phang Tee Ann v PP_ (MAC 7589 of 1990); _Tay_ _Khoon Hoo v PP_ (MAC 13894 of
1989); _Seah Guek Eng v PP_ (MA 323 of 1994/01).

36 In _PP v Dua Thiam Hock_ (MAC 6185 of 2000/01) (“ _Dua Thiam Hock_ ”), the
magistrate attempted to deviate from this approach by only imposing a term of
_imprisonment_ on an accused convicted under s 5(_a_) of the CGHA. The
magistrate found that a fine was _not_ mandatory under s 5(_a_) of the CGHA,
save that where a court decided to impose a fine, the minimum quantum was
$20,000: at [13]. Since the phrase “shall be liable” contained no mandatory
connotation, the court retained its discretion not to impose a fine under s
5(_a_) of the CGHA: at [10] and [11]. Accordingly, as the accused was not in a
position to pay any fine, an immediate term of two months’ imprisonment was
imposed instead: at [9] and [16]. The Prosecution appealed against this
sentence, arguing that s 5(_a_) of the CGHA imposed a mandatory minimum fine
of $20,000. Notably, this point was _expressly conceded_ by defence counsel
during the appeal proceedings. The High Court accordingly allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal and increased the sentence to include a fine of $20,000
in addition to the existing jail term: _PP v Dua Thiam Hock_ (MA 250 of
2000/01). Though no written grounds were delivered, in light of the parties’
submissions, the High Court’s decision was in all likelihood based on the view
that s 5(_a_) required the imposition of a mandatory minimum fine of $20,000.

37 The current sentencing practice and jurisprudence therefore suggest that
_both_ limbs of punishment under s 5(_a_) should be treated as being
mandatory. With respect, this position fails to adequately address the
disparity between the discordant utilisation of the terms “shall be liable …
to” and “shall also be punished with” within the section itself. For the
reasons that follow, I am of the view that such an approach to s 5(_a_) is
erroneous and that the interpretation applied by the magistrate in _Dua Thiam
Hock_ ([36] _supra_) was correct.

_Interpreting the language of section 5(_ a _) of the Common Gaming Houses
Act_

38 Whilst s 5(_a_) of the CGHA does indeed prescribe a mandatory term of
imprisonment, the imposition of a fine should be treated as _optional_.
Instead of imposing a _mandatory_ minimum fine as the cases suggest, the
specification of a minimum fine in s 5(_a_) does nothing more than to require
that _if a fine is in fact imposed_ , it must be at least $20,000.

39 This interpretation of s 5(_a_) would give more credence to its plain and
ordinary meaning and would also be more consistent with the legislative
history behind the provision. The phrases “shall be liable … to” and “shall …
be punished with” represent the focal point of any attempt to derive the plain
meaning of s 5(_a_) of the CGHA. There is an established and palpable
distinction between the connotations arising from each of these expressions.
It would do violence to the plain meaning of s 5(a) to _equate_ the legal
effect of each of these phrases as the cases thus far have done.

40 As a general starting point, the principles of statutory interpretation
clearly ascribe opposing meanings to the expressions “shall be liable to” and
“shall be punished with” in penal provisions. In _Philip Lau Chee Heng v PP_
[1988] 3 MLJ 107, counsel for the accused attempted to argue that these two
phrases had the same legal effect. Chong Siew Fai J unequivocally rejected
this submission and held (at 109) that there was a “ _clear distinction_
between the phrases ‘shall be liable to’ and ‘shall be punished with’”
[emphasis added]. A precise delineation of the connotations attached to each
phrase is therefore essential to reaching an accurate construction of s 5(_a_)
of the CGHA.

41 It is trite law that generally, the expressions “shall be liable to” and
“shall be punished with” respectively prescribe discretionary and mandatory
sentences. According to Yong CJ in _PP v Lee Soon Lee Vincent_ [1998] 3 SLR
552 (“ _Vincent Lee_ ”) at [14], “prima facie, the phrase ‘shall be liable’
(as opposed to ‘shall be punished’) contain[s] no obligation or mandatory
connotation”. Yong CJ went on to observe (at [15]) that:

Indeed, if one looked at the Penal Code, it would be apparent that the
draftsman had been very careful in _using the phrase ‘shall be punished’ to
prescribe a mandatory penalty, and using ‘shall be liable’ only when the
penalty was dependant on the court’s discretion_. [emphasis added]

42 In a similar vein, in _PP v Man Bin Ismail_ [1939] MLJ 207, Aitken J had to
consider whether a penal provision, which provided that a person convicted
“shall be _liable_ to imprisonment for six months”, meant that the court _had_
to pass some sentence of imprisonment and was precluded from allowing
probation. Aitken J rejected any such suggestion, and held (at 208) that:

_To my mind [the words “shall be liable to”] give the Court an_ _absolute
discretion_ as to whether it shall award a sentence of imprisonment or deal
with the accused under and in accordance with the probationary provisions of s
294 of the Criminal Procedure Code. _If the legislature had intended that all
persons convicted of an offence against this [provision] should be sent to
prison, whatever the circumstances may be, it would have used the expression
“shall be punished with imprisonment”_ , which is to be found so frequently in
our Penal Code. [emphasis added]

43 Applying this approach to the language of s 5(_a_), the section, by
employing the phrase “shall … be punished with”, clearly imposes a _mandatory_
term of imprisonment for all persons found guilty of assisting in the conduct
of a public lottery. Since there is no mandatory minimum duration of
imprisonment specified in s 5(_a_), this compulsory incarceration can last
from anywhere between one day to five years. In contrast, the phrase “shall be
liable … to” suggests that the sentence of fine prescribed by s 5(_a_) is
_prima facie_ discretionary (see _Vincent Lee_ ([41] _supra_) at [14]), rather
than mandatory, as cases like _See Choon Chye_ ([34] _supra_) suggest. As was
aptly explained by Brown  J in _Ng Chwee Puan v Regina_ [1953] MLJ 86:

But the word “liable” contains no obligatory or mandatory connotation. Sitting
in this Court, with a table fan blowing directly on to me, I am “liable” to
catch a cold. _But it does not follow that I shall_. [emphasis added]

44 The permissive connotation generally attributed to the expression “shall be
liable to” is even more obviously applicable in the context of s 5(_a_), given
its _concurrent_ use with the phrase “shall … be punished with”. The usage of
these divergent terms within the _same_ provision clearly necessitates that
different meanings be attributed to each of them. In the words of the court in
_Doree Industries (M) Sdn Bhd v Sri Ram & Co_ [2001] 6 MLJ 532:

[I]t is a rule of statutory interpretation that the Legislature does not waste
its words or say anything in vain … The presumption is always against
superfluity in a statute …

_Every part in a statute should be given as far as possible its full meaning
and effect_ … No word is superfluous, redundant or surplus.

[emphasis added]

45 This approach to the concurrent use of these disparate phrases within the
same provision is supported by existing case law. In _PP v Mahat bin Salim_
[2005] 3 SLR 104 (“ _Mahat_ ”), the court had to consider the type of
punishment prescribed by ss 356, 380 and 394 of the Penal Code. Sections 356
and 380 respectively provided that persons found in violation of the section “
_shall be punished with_ imprisonment … and _shall also be liable_ _to_ ”
caning (s 356) and fine (s 380). In contrast, s 394 provided that an offender
convicted under the section “ _shall be punished_ _with_ imprisonment … and
_shall also be punished_ _with_ caning”. According to the court, the phrase
“shall also be liable to”, as used in ss 356 and 380, did not bear a mandatory
connotation. On the other hand, the phrase “shall be punished with” used in
these _same_ sections prescribed a mandatory sentence of imprisonment: at
[29]. Similarly, since both limbs of s 394 had used the phrase “shall … be
punished with”, the section rendered _both_ imprisonment and caning mandatory:
at [30].

46 In _PP v Nurashikin binte Ahmad Borhan_ [2003] 1 SLR 52 (“ _Nurashikin_ ”),
the court had to consider the effect of s 380 of the Penal Code, which
stipulated that an offender convicted of the offence “ _shall be punished
with_ imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and _shall also be
liable to_ fine”. According to the court, the phrase “shall be liable to” (as
opposed to “shall be punished with”) contained no obligatory or mandatory
connotation. Section 380 therefore prescribed a _mandatory_ term of
imprisonment and a _discretionary_ fine: at [29].

47 The reasoning in _Mahat_ ([45] _supra_) and _Nurashikin_ ([46] _supra_)
clearly dictates that s 5(_a_) of the CGHA should be read as imposing a
_mandatory_ jail term and _discretionary_ fine. Admittedly, in those cases,
the provisions in question employed the phrases “shall be punished with” and
“shall be liable to” in the opposite order from s 5(_a_). However, the
sequence in which the phrases appeared is a distinction without a difference.
As the court pointed out in _Mahat_ (at [29]), “there ought to be no
distinction between the phrase ‘shall be liable’ and ‘shall also be liable’ by
virtue of the fact that _the word ‘liable’ carries no mandatory effect
regardless of the use of the word ‘also’ in [these sections]_ ” [emphasis
added]. Similarly, it is equally the case that the addition or omission of the
word “also” from the phrase “shall be punished with” is of no legal
significance. It is the _concurrent_ appearance of both these phrases within
the same provision that is important, not the _order_ in which they appear.

48 The discussion thus far leads inexorably to the conclusion that s 5(_a_) of
the CGHA only requires the mandatory imposition of a term of imprisonment and
not a fine. However, an additional issue that needs to be addressed is whether
the inclusion of a _specified minimum quantum_ of fine as part of s 5(_a_)
detracts from the ordinary meaning of the phrase “shall be liable to”. As
mentioned earlier, s 5(_a_) states, _inter alia_ , that an offender convicted
under the section “shall be liable … to a fine of _not less than $20,000_ and
not more than $200,000” (emphasis added). In all the cases considered thus
far, the penal provisions which contained the phrase “shall be liable to” did
not expressly stipulate any _minimum_ quantum for the punishment in question.
One might therefore argue that the inclusion of a specified range of fines in
s 5(_a_) overrides the permissive meaning that would otherwise be attributed
to the phrase “shall be liable to”, and indicates that a fine of at least
$20,000 _must_ be imposed in all cases.

49 In _PP v Hew Yew_ [1972] 1 MLJ 164 (“ _Hew Yew_ ”), the court was faced
with a similar problem. In that case, the court had to consider the effect of
a provision which stipulated that a person found guilty of the relevant
offence “ _shall be liable_ to imprisonment for a term _not exceeding five
years and not less than two years_ ” [emphasis added]. The court allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal against sentence, and held that the trial judge had erred
in sentencing the accused to only a fine. According to the court, the
provision in question conferred the court with an absolute discretion to
impose the maximum sentence of five years’ imprisonment or any lesser
sentence, _provided that the sentence was not less than two years’
imprisonment_. In effect, the provision was therefore interpreted as imposing
a mandatory minimum term of two years’ imprisonment despite the use of the
phrase “shall be liable to”.

50 This aspect of the decision in _Hew Yew_ may, at first blush, appear to
support the conclusion that s 5(_a_) of the CGHA imposes a mandatory minimum
fine of $20,000. However, the interpretation placed on the phrase “shall be
liable to” in _Hew Yew_ can be distinguished on the basis that the provision
in that case did not impose any sentence other than the imprisonment term
already referred to. That being the case, the court was, in a sense,
_compelled_ to place a mandatory construction on the phrase so as to avoid the
absurd conclusion that the provision allowed the court not to impose _any_
punishment on an offender at all: see also _Chng Gim Huat v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR
262 at [101]. This problem evidently does not arise when one turns to s 5(_a_)
of the CGHA. As already discussed, the other limb of s 5(_a_) imposes a
mandatory term of imprisonment for all offenders convicted under the section.
The concern that no punishment may be imposed at all is therefore illusory:
see also _Mahat_ ([45] _supra_) at [29].

51 With this consideration in mind, the decision in _Hew Yew_ should therefore
be confined to its own unique facts. It should _not_ be treated as support for
the more extensive proposition that all provisions with a specified minimum
quantum will be taken to impose a mandatory minimum sentence despite the use
of the phrase “shall be liable to”.

52 This conclusion is supported by other cases, which have decided that the
stipulation of a minimum quantum _does not_ negate the non-obligatory effect
of the words “shall be liable to”. In _Abu Seman v PP_ [1982] 2 MLJ 338 (“
_Abu Seman_ ”), the accused was convicted under s 11(1)(b) of the Malaysian
Election Offences Act. Section 11(1)(b) provided that a convicted person “
_shall be liable_ to imprisonment for 12 months and _to a fine of not less
than $250 and not exceeding $1,000_ ” [emphasis added]. Despite the express
reference to a minimum quantum of fine in s 11(1)(b), the court held (at 342)
that the words “shall be liable to” gave the trial court “ _an absolute
discretion_ … as to the form and the extent of the sentence to be imposed … be
it imprisonment or fine or both” [emphasis added].

53 In _Vincent Lee_ ([41] _supra_), the court was again faced with a similarly
phrased provision. Section 68(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev
Ed) provided, _inter alia_ , that a repeat offender under the section “ _shall
be liable_ on conviction … _to a fine of not less than $1,000 and not more
than $5,000_ and to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months” [emphasis
added]. The court held that “reading s 68(1) _on its own_ ” [emphasis in
original], it would not have thought that the section made it mandatory to
impose _both_ a fine and an imprisonment term: at [20]. A plain reading of the
section suggested that a repeat offender could be sentenced to _either_ a fine
_or_ a term of imprisonment, or _both_ a fine _and_ a term of imprisonment: at
[26]. Though the court was ultimately convinced to construe s 68(1) as
imposing _both_ a mandatory fine and a mandatory term of imprisonment, this
conclusion was a result of the unique legislative intention behind the
provision: at [38]. To that extent, the final result in _Vincent Lee_ does not
detract from its persuasiveness as authority for the proposition that the
stipulation of an express minimum quantum _does not_ override the
_discretionary_ effect of the phrase “shall be liable to”. In fact, it is of
interest to note that the court in _Vincent Lee_ had the following advice on
legislative drafting (at [27]):

_[B]earing in mind the general usage of the words ‘shall be liable’ and taking
into account their usual effect, I would have thought that to avoid confusion,
future provisions might be worded differently if a mandatory effect was so
desired_. The court does not always have the benefit of the full legislative
history of a provision. It must frequently simply rely on the wording of
relevant sections as they appear in the statutes for the regular disposal of
its cases, but I shall leave the matter entirely in the hands of the
legislative draftsmen. [emphasis added]

54 The cases of _Abu Seman_ ([52] _supra_) and _Vincent Lee_ ([41] _supra_)
are convincing authorities that the stipulation of a $20,000 minimum fine in s
5(_a_) is not itself a sufficient ground to detract from the meaning that
would otherwise be accorded to the phrase “shall be liable to”. These cases,
together with the other authorities considered earlier, clearly show that a
plain reading of s 5(_a_) would lead one to the conclusion that the section
only renders the imposition of _imprisonment_ mandatory and leaves the
decision of whether to impose a fine to the court’s discretion.

_Parliament’s intent behind section 5(_ a _) of the Common Gaming Houses Act_

55 Despite this _prima facie_ conclusion, the decision in _Vincent Lee_ ([41]
_supra_) illustrates that the legislative intent behind a provision may, in
certain cases, qualify its plain meaning. Translated to the present facts, the
issue would therefore be whether Parliament intended, in prescribing the
various penalties enshrined in s 5(_a_) of the CGHA, to make _both_ the
sentences of imprisonment and fine mandatory.

56  Section 5(_a_) of the CGHA, in its present form, is a hybrid of two
tranches of legislative amendments in 1971 and 1986 respectively. In this
regard, itis crucial to view both series of amendments _cumulatively_. It is
only when the _sequential developments_ of s 5(_a_) are considered that the
true extent of Parliament’s intent can be appreciated.

57 In order to appreciate the extent of the court’s discretion to impose a
fine under s 5(_a_) of the CGHA, the context behind the original inclusion of
this provision is highly pertinent. The relevant part of s 5(_a_) which
provides for the imposition of a fine, _ie_ , the part prescribing that an
offender “shall be liable … to a fine of not less than $20,000 and not more
than $200,000”, was first added to the CGHA in materially the same form
(except for the quantum of the minimum and maximum fine) by way of the Common
Gaming Houses (Amendment) Act 1971 (Act 25 of 1971).

58 Prior to the 1971 amendments, the then s 4(1)(_c_) of the 1970 Common
Gaming Houses Act (Cap 96, 1970 Rev Ed) (“1970 CGHA”) provided that a person
who assisted in the carrying on of a public lottery “ _shall be liable_ on
conviction to a fine not exceeding $6,000 _or_ to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 3 years _or to both such fine and imprisonment_ ” [emphasis added].
The 1971 amendments inserted a new s 4A into the 1970 CGHA. The new s 4A(_a_)
provided, _inter alia_ , that a person who assisted in the carrying on of a
public lottery “ _shall be liable_ _on conviction to a fine of not less than
two thousand dollars but not exceeding twenty thousand dollars or_ to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years _or to both such fine and
imprisonment_ ” [emphasis added].

59 The language of _both_ the former s 4(1)(_c_) and the new s 4A(_a_) of the
1970 CGHA made it patently clear that an offender convicted of assisting in
the conduct of a public lottery _was not liable to any mandatory sentence_.
Under both these sections, it was entirely up to the court’s discretion
whether to impose a fine and/or an imprisonment term. This strongly suggests
that _even though_ the 1971 amendments included a specified range of fines in
the new s 4A(_a_), this was solely directed at ensuring that _when and if_ the
courts decided to impose a fine, the fine would have sufficient deterrent
effect. There was clearly no intention to create a new mandatory minimum fine
for the offence of assisting in the conduct of a public lottery.

60 According to the Minister of Home Affairs (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (2 December 1971) vol 31 at cols 444 and 445):

As the law stands at present, a person found guilty of assisting in carrying
on a public lottery and all other related offences _shall be liable to fine
not exceeding $6,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years,
or to both such fine and imprisonment_. It is felt that this punishment is
grossly inadequate to assist the police in their efforts to suppress the
operation of illegal lotteries in Singapore …

… Experience has shown that the fines imposed on offenders have varied
substantially from court to court, and in some instances they have been so low
as to be unrealistic. These variations in fines have not in any way
contributed towards eradication and suppression of these lotteries. At present
the maximum fine of $6,000 is “chicken feed” to the big-time promoters and
hardly serves as a deterrent.

It is a well-known fact that invariably promoters pay the fines imposed on the
runners and collectors, and it is very rare that anyone is imprisoned for non-
payment of a fine. _With the raising of the minimum fine to $2,000 and the
maximum fine to $20,000, the promoters will find it difficult to sustain
payment of fines, as the running of these lotteries would become less
lucrative_.

…

_… During the years 1966 to 1970, the fines per person [convicted of running
“characters lottery”] ranged from only $295 to $685. For the same period, the
fines imposed on people caught in running “Chap-Ji-Kee Lottery” ranged from
$291 to $686. These fines were very low indeed_ … Taking the 1970 convictions
in respect of the “Characters Lottery”, if a minimum fine of $2,000 had been
imposed, the fines would have totalled nearly half a million dollars as
against the figure of about $147,000. This would have adversely affected the
profitability of running these lotteries.

At present the law does not provide for a minimum fine, and the discretion to
impose such a “minimum fine” is left to the discretion of the Magistrate who,
more often than not, is left in a quandary. The fines are normally based on
the value of documents seized. This is an unsatisfactory method as, in some
instances, big-time operators have got away lightly as the value of documents
seized has been negligible.

[emphasis added]

61 As the Minister stated, the new s 4A(_a_) of the 1970 CGHA was intended to
rectify the fluctuating level of fines that were imposed under the former s
4(1)(_c_). The Minister’s statement was directed entirely towards the issue of
_quantum_ and made no reference to the related but distinct question of _the
frequency_ with which fines were being imposed in isolation or in conjunction
with imprisonment terms. This fact, coupled with the unequivocal phrasing of s
4A(_a_), makes it clear that Parliament did not intend the 1971 amendments to
impinge on the courts’ erstwhile discretion to make the preliminary decision
of _whether_ to impose a fine and/or a term of imprisonment.

62 Section 4A(_a_) of the 1970 CGHA was subsequently amended in 1986 by the
Common Gaming Houses (Amendment) Act 1986 (Act 9 of 1986). As a result of
these amendments, s 4A(_a_) became identical to the present s 5(_a_). Two main
changes were made by the 1986 amendments. First, the specified range of fines
was changed from a lower limit of $2,000 to $20,000 and from an upper limit of
$20,000 to $200,000. Second, the words “or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding three years or to both such fine and imprisonment” were deleted, and
the phrase “and shall also be punished with imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 5 years” was inserted.

63 Two observations arise from these amendments. First, the deletion of the
words “or to imprisonment … or to both such fine and imprisonment”, and the
insertion of a new phrase that an offender “shall … be punished with
imprisonment”, cumulatively indicate that the 1986 amendments created a
_mandatory_ _term of imprisonment_. Second, the portion of s 4A(_a_) relating
to the imposition of _fines_ remained materially unchanged. The only
amendments made regarding the provision of fines were the changes in the
quantum of the upper and lower stipulated limits. In the light of the
insertion of the new phrase “shall … be punished with” to create a new
mandatory term of imprisonment, Parliament’s decision to retain the old phrase
“shall be liable … to” in the portion dealing with fines suggests that it
intended this limb of punishment to _remain discretionary_.

64 These two observations are supported by the Explanatory Statement to the
Common Gaming Houses (Amendment) Bill 1985 (Bill 16 of 1985). According to the
Explanatory Statement, the effect of the amendments made to s 4A(_a_) were as
follows:

Clause 3 [which amended s 4A(_a_)] enhances the penalty for offences in
connection with assisting in the carrying on of a public lottery to _a fine of
not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000_ and to _mandatory
imprisonment_ for a term not exceeding 5 years. [emphasis added]

Notably, the Explanatory Statement only referred to the imposition of
imprisonment, _and not a fine_ , as being mandatory.

65 A perusal of the relevant Parliamentary debates does not give rise to any
indication to the contrary. Only passing reference was made in the relevant
debates to the amendments to s 4A(_a_). According to the Minister for Home
Affairs (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10 January 1986)
vol 46 at col 760):

[As] a consequence of the amendments to the Betting Act, amendments to the
Common Gaming Houses Act are also necessary to bring the penalties into line …
The penalties under the Act are also more than 25 years old and are totally
inadequate to serve as a deterrent.

…

The main culprits in illegal gambling are those who assist in the carrying on
of an illegal public lottery or allow any public place to be used for gambling
or promote gaming in public. _Clauses 3 [which amended s 4A(_ a _)] and 6 of
the Bill enhance the penalties particularly for these offences_.

[emphasis added]

66 As the Minister explained in his statement, the 1986 amendments to the CGHA
were part of a “package” together with concurrent amendments to the Betting
Act (Cap 21, 1985 Rev Ed) and the Road Vehicles (Special Powers) Act (Cap 277,
1970 Ed). The amendments made to the penalties for illegal gambling operators
in the Betting Act paralleled the amendments made to the CGHA. The Minister
for Home Affairs made the following remarks in relation to the amendments in
the Betting Act (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10
January 1986) vol 46 at cols 725 and 726):

There are basically three inadequacies in the law. One is that the penalties
which are prescribed in the legislation have not been revised for more than a
quarter century. And, therefore, this has made it not a deterrent and the
operators of the illegal mini-turf clubs therefore operate without scant
regard for the law …

…

If I may now turn to some of the amendments. First, with regard to the
penalties. The proposed amendments are aimed primarily at the gambling
operators. To deter the bookmakers and their agents, the existing penalties
for various categories of gambling offences are enhanced, _including the
imposition of mandatory prison sentences_ for those concerned with the
management or business of a common betting house or a betting information
centre.

…

The main thrust of these amendments is against the operators of these mini-
turf clubs. Enhanced punishments will be introduced for these offences. _The
maximum fines will be increased significantly and there will also be minimum
fines to ensure that the sentences are adequate as a deterrent_. For instance,
offences like bookmaking, running a common betting house and operating a
betting information centre will carry a fine ranging from $20,000 to $200,000
and mandatory imprisonment which may extend to five years. _[These] illegal
gambling operators will now face these minimum fines as well as mandatory
imprisonment_ …

[emphasis added]

67 As is apparent from the passage above, the new punishments for the offences
of bookmaking, running a common betting house and operating a betting
information centre under the Betting Act were _identical_ to those proposed
for s 4A(_a_) of the CGHA. The Minister’s reference to offenders having to
face “ _minimum_ fines” may suggest that Parliament intended to make the
imposition of a fine compulsory. However, any such suggestion is rebutted by
various indications to the contrary.

68 To begin with, it should be highlighted that throughout his statement, the
Minister _only_ referred to imprisonment as being “mandatory”. Further, when
summarising the amendments in the earlier part of his speech, the Minister
only referred to the “mandatory prison sentences” that would be imposed as a
result. No reference was made to the effect that the amendments would have on
the imposition of fines. This omission indicates that there was no intention
for mandatory minimum fines to result from the amendments to the Betting Act
and, by analogy, from the amendments to the CGHA. As in the case of the CGHA,
the earlier provisions of the Betting Act allowed the court to impose
sentences of fine and imprisonment _both alternatively and cumulatively_.
Accordingly, _both_ mandatory fines and mandatory jail terms would have been
novel to the Betting Act. That being the case, if it had indeed been
Parliament’s intention to make it mandatory for the court to impose _both_ a
fine and imprisonment under the CGHA, it is difficult to understand why _only_
the mandatory nature of imprisonment terms was highlighted.

69 In addition, the Parliamentary debates on the 1971 amendments to the CGHA
militate against any mandatory connotation that may otherwise arise from the
use of the term “minimum fine” in the 1986 Parliamentary debates ([66]
_supra_). In the excerpt of the 1971 debates extracted above ([60] _supra_),
the Minister _also_ used the term “minimum fine” to refer to the minimum
quantum of fines that were stipulated in the new s 4A(_a_) of the 1970 CGHA.
Yet, as already explained ([59] to [61] _supra_), the imposition of a fine
under this new s 4A(_a_) was clearly _discretionary_. Under s 4A(_a_), the
court had an unfettered discretion to choose whether or not to impose a
sentence of fine. It would only have to adhere to the minimum fine stipulated
_if_ it made the logically prior decision to impose a sentence of fine. The
term “minimum fine” was therefore used in the 1971 debates _without any
mandatory or obligatory connotation_. There is no reason to believe that the
term was used any differently in the context of the subsequent 1986 debates.

70 To my mind, the legislative history behind s 5(_a_) of the CGHA therefore
does not contradict the provisional conclusion reached earlier that the
section does not impose a _mandatory minimum fine_. Though the Parliamentary
debates are not entirely conclusive, the manner in which the CGHA was amended
in 1986 strongly suggests that Parliament intended to _continue leaving_ the
imposition of a fine to the court’s discretion, subject to the proviso that
any fine imposed had to fall within the limits stipulated.

71 For these reasons, s 5(_a_) of the CGHA therefore imposes a _mandatory_
sentence of imprisonment of up to five years and an _optional_ fine that must
range between $20,000 and $200,000. This construction is supported by Prof Tan
Yock Lin in his treatise, _Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 2006). According
to Prof Tan (at ch XVIII para 405–450 (December 2005 issue)):

[T]here are some off-guarded moments, which should not be taken seriously. In
one case [_See Choon Chye_], section 5(a) of the Common Gaming Houses Act had
to be applied… _The fine was clearly discretionary although the imprisonment
was mandatory_. Yet the court observed that, ‘The minimum sentence that could
be meted out under s 5(a) is therefore, a fine of $20,000 and one day’s
imprisonment.’ That suggests _incorrectly_ that the offender must be fined.
[emphasis added]

**_Section 5(1) of the POA as applied to section 5(_ a _) of the CGHA_**

72 Having ascertained the nature and scope of punishment prescribed by s
5(_a_) of the CGHA, the final question that remains to be addressed is whether
these forms of punishment suffice to bring s 5(_a_) within the meaning of an
offence which prescribes either a “specified minimum” or “mandatory minimum”
sentence under s 5(1) of the POA. If this question elicits an affirmative
response, then this court’s jurisdiction to grant the appellant a probation
order would depend on whether she fell within conditions (a) and (b) of the
proviso to s 5(1) of the POA. On the other hand, if the sentences in s 5(_a_)
of the CGHA were neither “specified minimum” nor “mandatory minimum”
sentences, one would then have to proceed to ask the additional question of
whether these sentences were nevertheless other kinds of sentences “fixed by
law” such that the main body of s 5(1) of the POA excluded them from the
court’s jurisdiction to grant probation.

_The existence of a “mandatory minimum” sentence_

73 Based on the construction of s 5(_a_) of the CGHA advocated earlier, it is
evident that the section does not prescribe a mandatory minimum sentence of
_fine_. The crux of the issue is therefore whether the mandatory sentence of
imprisonment of up to five years is a “mandatory minimum sentence” under s
5(1) of the POA.

74 At first sight, it may appear patently obvious that a provision which
prescribes a mandatory jail term without _expressly_ stipulating a minimum
duration cannot be considered a “mandatory minimum sentence”. However, the
received understanding of a “mandatory minimum sentence” has been somewhat
obfuscated by cases such as _See Choon Chye_ ([34] _supra_), which have
referred to s 5(_a_) of the CGHA as imposing a “(mandatory) minimum sentence …
of one day’s imprisonment”: _See Choon Chye_ at 99, [3]. Prof Tan Yock Lin
criticises the perceived distinction between offences (such as s 5(_a_) of the
CGHA) which only prescribe a mandatory _kind_ of sentence, be it imprisonment,
caning or a fine, and those which prescribe _both_ a mandatory _kind_ of
sentence and a minimum _quantum_ for the kind of sentence in question. In Prof
Tan’s view, such a distinction is untenable (see _Criminal Procedure_ ([71]
_supra_) at ch XVIII para 3005–3050 (December 2003 issue)):

With respect, the argument [in _Juma’at_] proves too much; for when Parliament
makes the punishment mandatory although it does not fix minimum levels, _it
could be said that Parliament has also fixed the minimum level, the smallest
quantum being the minimum level Parliament has fixed_. So if the reasoning [in
_Juma’at_] is correct, _the decision that probation is precluded must affect
every case in which Parliament has made a penalty mandatory_ , although
leaving to the courts a discretion as to the quantum. [emphasis added]

75 Admittedly, the difference between offences with only a mandatory kind of
sentence and those with _both_ a mandatory kind of sentence and a stipulated
minimum quantum is, in truth, largely one of degree. In both these situations,
Parliament has shown _some_ intention to impose a compulsory form of
punishment for the offence in question. Nevertheless, there is in fact a
credible distinction between these two categories of offences. The _express_
provision of a mandatory minimum quantum is significant because the
specificity with which Parliament has acted is clear evidence of its intention
to circumscribe the court’s sentencing discretion. By attaching an _actual
numerical value_ to the lowest level of punishment deemed acceptable,
Parliament has clearly addressed its mind to the issue and decided that
nothing less than the stated quantum will suffice. It is only in these
circumstances that the court’s jurisdiction to grant probation should be
circumscribed. As stated in _Masran bin Mansor v PP_ [1992] 1 MLJ 307 (“
_Masran_ ”), “[i]f it is the intention to withhold from the court the power to
resort to probation in respect of any offence or class of offences then …
_that intention must be made manifest in the legislation_ ” [emphasis added].

76 This distinction, which is based on whether the offence-creating provision
has _expressly_ stipulated a minimum quantum for the mandatory sentence, is
supported by _dicta_ from _Juma’at_ ([23] _supra_). In that case, the court
distinguished the offence considered in _Goh Boon Kwan_ ([22] _supra_) because
the relevant offence in _Juma’at_ was “an offence the sentence for which [was]
_fixed by law to be a minimum of 18 months_ ” [emphasis added]: at 349, [42].
In contrast, the relevant provision in _Goh Boon Kwan_ only went so far as to
prescribe that an offender “shall be punished with imprisonment for a term
which may extend to 7 years”. According to the court, the “vital element
[which was characteristic of the offence in _Juma’at_ was] the _clear
statutory prohibition_ on the court from giving sentences of imprisonment of
less than _the minimum period expressly stated_ ” [emphasis added]: _Juma’at_
([23] _supra_) at 349, [42].

77 A similar approach was adopted more recently by the court in _Goh Lee Yin v
PP_ [2006] 1 SLR 530 (“ _Goh Lee Yin_ ”). In that case, the court had to
determine the availability of probation for an offender convicted under s 380
of the Penal Code. According to s 380, an offender “ _shall be punished_ with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and _shall also be
liable_ to fine” [emphasis added]. Previous cases have recognised that a
sentence of imprisonment under s 380 is _mandatory_ , though the imposition of
a fine is discretionary: see, _eg_ , _Nurashikin_ ([46] _supra_) at [29].
Despite this, the court in _Goh Lee Yin_ held that (at [26]) the appellant was
“ _clearly not ineligible_ for probation under s 5(1) of the POA” [emphasis
added]. According to the court, the appellant did not fall within the proviso
to s 5(1) since there was _no minimum sentence_ prescribed by s 380 of the
Penal Code: at [26]. This decision clearly suggests that the _express_
stipulation of a minimum sentence is a crucial determinant of whether an
offence prescribes a “mandatory minimum sentence”.

78 It follows from this that the lack of any _express provision_ of a minimum
duration of imprisonment brings the sentence of imprisonment prescribed by s
5(_a_) of the CGHA _outside_ the realm of “mandatory minimum sentence[s]”.
Though s 5(_a_) of the CGHA makes it compulsory for a sentence of imprisonment
to be imposed, Parliament has not seen it fit to additionally circumscribe the
court’s sentencing discretion by prohibiting sentences of imprisonment which
fall below a particular threshold. Accordingly, _neither_ of the sentences
prescribed by s 5(_a_) of the CGHA are “mandatory minimum sentence[s]” under s
5(1) of the POA.

_The existence of a “specified minimum sentence”_

79 As explained earlier (see [27] above), the term “specified minimum
sentence” first appeared in the 1993 amendments to the POA. However, there was
no discussion of this novel term during the Parliamentary debates on the
amendments. In addition, it appears that no reported case has, as yet,
considered the meaning of this term.

80 Despite this, the meaning of the term “specified minimum sentence” is
fairly evident when considered in its proper context. Generally speaking,
there are two key variables that may affect a court’s sentencing discretion:
(a) the _type_ of sentence, _ie_ , whether to impose imprisonment, caning,
and/or a fine; and (b) the _quantum_ of that sentence, _eg_ , the duration of
imprisonment or number of strokes of the cane. As explained earlier (see [75]
to [78] above), a “mandatory minimum sentence” makes it compulsory for the
court to impose a particular type of sentence _and_ additionally requires the
court to ensure that the quantum of that sentence complies with the minimum
level which Parliament has expressly stipulated. In this context, it is only
logical that the term “ _specified_ minimum sentence”, as used in
contradistinction to the term “ _mandatory_ minimum sentence”, refers to
situations where Parliament has expressly prescribed a minimum quantum for a
particular type of sentence _but has not made the imposition of this minimum
sentence mandatory_. This would arise in offences where the court is given the
discretion to decide whether to impose a particular type of sentence but is
required to comply with a stipulated minimum quantum _if it ultimately decides
to impose a sentence of that type_. Such sentences are described as being
“specified”, rather than “mandatory”, minimum sentences because the court can
avoid having to comply with the minimum quantum simply by deciding not to
impose the particular type of sentence (be it imprisonment, caning or fine) to
which the minimum quantum applies.

81 A classic example of a “specified minimum sentence” would be the former s
4A(_a_) of the 1970 CGHA. To recap, s 4A(_a_) provided that a person convicted
of assisting in the conduct of a public lottery “shall be liable … _to a fine
of not less than two thousand dollars but not exceeding twenty thousand
dollars_ or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or to both
such fine and imprisonment” [emphasis added]. Even though Parliament had
expressly specified the minimum amount of fine that should be imposed, _ie_ ,
$2,000, this $2,000 minimum fine was not mandatory because the court retained
the discretion to impose _only_ a sentence of imprisonment in appropriate
cases.

82 Given this construction of the term “specified minimum sentence” in s 5(1)
of the POA, one is led to the inexorable conclusion that s 5(_a_) of the CGHA
does indeed prescribe a “specified minimum sentence” of fine. As discussed
earlier (see [70] and [71] above), the stipulated minimum fine of $20,000 does
not have to be imposed on _all_ offenders convicted under s 5(_a_). The court
has the discretion to decide _whether_ to impose a fine and only needs to
comply with the $20,000 minimum _if_ it decides to impose a sentence of fine.

83 This conclusion is supported by the Explanatory Statement to the Probation
of Offenders (Amendment) Bill 1993 (Bill 25 of 1993). As stated earlier, these
were the amendments which inserted the proviso to s 5(1) of the POA. According
to the Explanatory Statement:

This Bill seeks to amend the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap. 252) to preclude
a court from making a probation order or an order for absolute or conditional
discharge where a person is convicted of _an offence for which there is a
specified minimum sentence (e.g. section 4 of the Betting Act (Cap. 21))_ or
mandatory minimum sentence (e.g. section 384 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224)) of
imprisonment or fine or caning prescribed by law unless the person is a first
offender and is between the age of 16 and 21 years at the time of his
conviction. [emphasis added]

84 According to s 4 of the Betting Act, any person convicted of an offence
under that section “ _shall be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than
$10,000 and not more than $100,000_ and shall also be punished with
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years” [emphasis added]. This section
is, in all material respects, identical to s 5(_a_) of the CGHA. Based on the
Explanatory Statement ([83] _supra_), it is therefore clear that Parliament
intended to include offences such as s 5(_a_) of the CGHA within the
expression “specified minimum sentence” as used in s 5(1) of the POA.

85 In the light of the foregoing, the offence for which the appellant was
convicted therefore had a “specified minimum sentence” and accordingly fell
within the proviso to s 5(1) of the POA. Since the appellant was above the age
of 21 at the time of her conviction, she therefore failed to satisfy condition
(a) of the proviso. The magistrate was therefore eminently justified in
refusing to grant probation, because he did not have the jurisdiction to grant
the appellant probation in the first place.

**_The appropriateness of granting probation_**

86 Assuming that the jurisdiction to grant probation existed, I would, in any
event, have affirmed the magistrate’s decision to refuse probation. According
to the court in _PP v Muhammad Nuzaiham bin Kamal Luddin_ [2000] 1 SLR 34 (at
[16]), “[i]n deciding whether or not probation is the appropriate sentence in
each case, the court … has to take into account all the circumstances of the
case, _including the nature of the offence and the character of the offender_
” [emphasis added]. In the present case, these considerations variously
indicated that the appellant was an unsuitable candidate for probation.

87 In his written submissions, counsel for the appellant relied on _Goh Lee
Yin_ ([77] _supra_) for the proposition that an offender’s age should not be
_determinative_ of the suitability of a probation order. Whilst offenders over
the age of 21 should not _ipso facto_ be denied probation, it is nevertheless
trite law that the appropriate means of rehabilitating an offender may vary
across different age groups. The court in _Goh Lee Yin_ (at [28]) itself
recognised that “the age of an offender is often indicative of the
effectiveness of probation in bringing about rehabilitation”. Whilst the court
may exceptionally be persuaded to allow probation in cases involving older
offenders, the archetype of the appropriate candidate for probation remains
the young “amateur” offender.

88 In the present case, it would clearly be inappropriate to liken the
_34-year-old_ appellant, who was herself a mother of one, to an impressionable
youth who had committed an offence either out of impulse or simply because of
his inexperience and because he “[didn’t] know any better”: _PP v Mok Ping
Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138 at [21]. The appellant was clearly aware of the
consequences of her actions when she decided to assist in the public lottery.
By the appellant’s own admission, she had been involved in this illegal set-up
for a period of _four months_ before the date of the raid. This duration would
be considered fairly significant by any reasonable standard. It was therefore
appropriate that the law express its disapprobation of her conduct through a
punishment more severe than a probation order. In the words of the court in
_Fay v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 154 (at 159, [17]), whilst “the administration of
justice should be tempered with a keen regard for the needs of the individual
as far as the ambit of our laws allows … our judiciary must remain conscious
of its responsibility to safeguard the interests of the law-abiding general
public and _to uniformly apply the law to all those who violate it_ ”
[emphasis added].

89 Whilst I had every sympathy for the appellant’s medical condition, one had,
at the same time, to bear in mind that her ill health was not the cause of her
subsequent commission of the offence. This factor alone sufficed to
distinguish cases such as _Goh Lee Yin_ , where the accused person’s incidents
of shoplifting were committed as a _direct_ result of her affliction with
kleptomania, an _impulse control_ disorder. In contrast to _Goh Lee Yin_ , the
appellant’s depression in the present case was more peripherally relevant
since it only had the limited effect of enhancing her _vulnerability_ to
succumb to the temptation of assisting in the public lottery.

90 These factors collectively indicated that an order of probation would not
be appropriate in the circumstances. Hence, _even if_ the jurisdiction to
grant probation had existed, I would not have been persuaded to exercise my
discretion to make such an order.

**The quantum of fine and duration of imprisonment**

91 Having determined that probation was not a suitable option, I went on to
consider whether the term of six months’ imprisonment and fine of $200,000 was
manifestly excessive in the circumstances. As stated earlier (see [71] above),
s 5(_a_) of the CGHA mandates a term of imprisonment, but leaves the
imposition of a fine to the court’s discretion. To avoid any confusion, I
emphasise that this interpretation of s 5(_a_) should _not_ be taken as an
exhortation for future courts to depart from the existing sentencing practice
of imposing _both_ a fine and a prison term, or as adopting the principle that
sentences of fine should hereafter be awarded sparingly. The courts _should_
continue their current practice of imposing both a fine and imprisonment to
adequately deter and punish those who engage in illegal lotteries. My
observations regarding s 5(_a_) are simply meant to highlight the added point
that a sentencing court retains the discretion to refrain from imposing _any_
fine in the (unlikely) event that the circumstances render it appropriate to
do so.

92 Whilst most offenders under s 5(_a_) are likely to find themselves subject
to a fine of some sort, the _quantum_ of fine must nevertheless be justified
on the facts of each case. As the magistrate rightly pointed out, a relevant
consideration would be the _value_ of bets that were involved in the public
lottery in question. In this regard, as mentioned at the outset of this
judgment, the parties were in contention on the _extent_ of the appellant’s
involvement in the $55,000 worth of bets collected (see [12] and [14] above).
In my view, this factual dispute was largely irrelevant to the outcome of this
appeal. _Even if_ one were to accept the appellant’s version of events, this
would only mean that she was not the person _directly_ responsible for keying
in the purported $51,000 worth of bets. Notwithstanding this fact, the
appellant’s very act of _retaining_ the records of these bets as a “backup”
had itself facilitated and advanced the conduct of the illegal gambling
syndicate _vis-à-vis_ those bets. The amount of the bets involved gave an
indication as to the size of the illegal operation. The magistrate was
therefore eminently justified in considering the _total_ bet value of $55,000
when sentencing the appellant.

93 This total bet value, when considered with the other relevant facts,
rendered the imposition of a _maximum fine_ manifestly excessive. With
respect, this sentence failed to comport with existing case precedents, which
have reserved the maximum fine for illegal lotteries conducted on a far more
extensive scale. In _Ang Nguan Tong v PP_ (MA 333/90/01-02) (“ _Ang Nguan
Tong_ ”), the two accused persons pleaded guilty to assisting in the conduct
of a “10,000 characters” lottery which involved a total bet value of
approximately $1.083m. The lottery had been conducted over a period of three
years, and had similarly involved the use of technology such as computers and
facsimile machines. Despite these aggravating factors, the first and second
accused were respectively sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment _and a fine
of $100,000_ , and six months’ imprisonment _and a fine of $80,000_.

94 The case of _Auyok Kim Tye v PP_ (MA 79/2001/01) (“ _Auyok Kim Tye_ ”)
serves as an illustration of the category of cases that warrant the imposition
of a maximum fine. In that case, the accused pleaded guilty and was convicted
on three counts of the analogous offence of acting as a bookmaker under s
5(3)(_a_) of the Betting Act. The total value of bets over a period of three
days amounted to $1.263m, and the offender had used sophisticated technology
and equipment to conduct his illegal activities. In these circumstances, the
court imposed a sentence of one year and six months’ imprisonment and the
maximum fine of $200,000 for each of the three charges.

95 The facts of the present case clearly paled in comparison to those in _Ang
Nguan Tong_ and _Auyok Kim Tye_. In these circumstances, the imposition of the
maximum fine of $200,000 on the present facts was unjustified. I therefore
reduced the appellant’s sentence of fine to one of $80,000, with four months’
imprisonment in default. In contrast, I found that the duration of six months’
imprisonment was consistent with existing sentencing practice and fairly
reflected the severity of the appellant’s offence. For these reasons, I
allowed the appeal in part by lowering the fine imposed by the magistrate but
maintaining the imprisonment term of six months.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

