Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal v Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd and Others  
[2006] SGHC 131

Case Number | : | Suit 221/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mahtani Bhagwandas and Letchamanan Devadason (Harpal Mahtani Partnership) for the plaintiff; P Jeya Putra and Wendy Leong (AsiaLegal LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal — Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd; Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania; Nidhi Vinod Didwania   
  
Credit and Security – Money and moneylenders – Illegal money-lending –
Plaintiff making arrangement with own bankers to issue letters of credit to be
used to pay for goods purchased by defendant – Defendant paying plaintiff
commission and interest in addition to principal sum under letters of credit
for provision of such service – Whether such arrangement amounting to
moneylending – Whether plaintiff illegal moneylender – Whether agreement for
such arrangement illegal and unenforceable – Section 2, 3 Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

26 July 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The parties in this case had an arrangement whereby the plaintiff would get
his bankers to issue letters of credit which were used to pay for goods the
first defendant purchased. When the letter of credit is issued and the goods
are paid for, they would be taken by the first defendant. For the benefit of
the service, the first defendant agreed to pay the plaintiff the principal sum
of the letter of credit, a commission charge, and interest.

2 The plaintiff, Pankaj s/o Dhilrajlal, is the sole proprietor of a business
known as Topbottom Impex. The first defendant is a limited company, Donald
McArthy Trading Pte Ltd. The second and third defendants who are husband and
wife are described by the plaintiff to be the controlling minds and wills of
the first defendant. The plaintiff seeks to lift the corporate veil of the
first defendant to make the second and third defendants liable for the debts
the first defendant owes to him.

3 The arrangement was described in paras 6 and 7 of the statement of claim:

6\. In or about 1998, the 2nd Defendant approached the Plaintiff for
assistance to help him finance the purchase of metals from his overseas
suppliers. The 2nd  Defendant informed the Plaintiff that his own letter of
credit facilities with his bankers were already fully utilized, but he needed
additional funds to take advantage of business opportunities. The 2nd
Defendant proposed to the Plaintiff an agreement whereby the Plaintiff was to
open letters of credit for him in the name of the 1st  Defendants [_sic_] or
any of his nominated companies, in exchange for which the 2nd  Defendants
[_sic_] would reimburse the Plaintiffs [_sic_] all principal amounts used and
interests charged by the banks, costs and disbursements charged by the bank, a
1.5% commission charge to the Plaintiffs [_sic_], as well as interest to
compensate the Plaintiff for the loss of use of his funds. The 2nd  Defendant
proposed for convenience that the bank interest which was at the time between
10% and 10.5% per annum, and the interest payable to the Plaintiff, would be
calculated jointly and fixed at a flat rate of 12% per annum in total. The 2nd
Defendant further proposed that if he or the 1st  Defendants [_sic_] or any of
his nominated company fail to make payments on time and this resulted in
penalty interest by the bank to the Plaintiffs [_sic_], the Plaintiffs [_sic_]
would be entitled to charge an additional 2% interest per annum to him and/or
the 1st  Defendant, as per the bank’s method of computing interest.

7\. As the Plaintiff had existing facilities with his bankers, the Plaintiff
accepted the 2nd  Defendant’s proposal that the Plaintiff open Letters of
Credit on his behalf to enable the 1st  Defendants [_sic_] and/or other of his
nominated companies to purchase metals or other goods from its suppliers, in
consideration of the 1.5% commission and 12% per annum interest charge, and a
full indemnity for, and prompt payment of the amounts under the letter of
credit, bank costs and disbursements. The Plaintiff also accepted the 2nd
Defendant’s offer that if the payments became overdue and the bank imposed
late payment penalty interest, the Plaintiff would be entitled to charge
another 2% per annum in interest. These are the principal terms of the oral
agreement (hereinafter “the Agreement”) between the Plaintiff and the 2nd
Defendant acting in his personal capacity and on behalf of the 1st  Defendant,
jointly.

4 The plaintiff quantified the total amount due as at 14 January 2005 as
comprising US$361,459.66 as principal, and US$239,441 interest, and he claimed
from the defendants those amounts, continuing contractual interest, and
alternatively, damages.

5 The defendants did not deny that there was an agreement, but they claimed in
their defence that it was made at the initiative of the plaintiff:

6\. The Defendants say that the Plaintiff approached the 2nd  Defendant to
offer his credit facilities for the 2nd  Defendant’s companies’ use in 1996
and in 1997. The Plaintiff informed the 2nd  Defendant that he had obtained
large credit lines which were over and above his business requirements and
that in order to maintain his large credit lines, he was willing to open
Letters of Credit (“LC”) for use by any of the 2nd  Defendant’s companies for
a commission. The 2nd  Defendant did not accept any of the Plaintiff’s offer
in 1996 and in early 1997. Save as aforesaid, paragraph 6 of the Statement of
Claim is denied

7\. The Defendants further say that in spite of the 2nd  Defendant’s rejection
of the Plaintiff’s offers, the Plaintiff continued to make several calls to
the 2nd  Defendant to offer the use of his LC facilities. Sometime in mid
1997, the 2nd  Defendant agreed to give the Plaintiff some business through
one of the 2nd  Defendant’s companies, Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd, which was
subsequently wound up n 2000. The terms of the oral agreement between the
Plaintiff and the 2nd  Defendant was that the Plaintiff would receive 1.5%
commission of the total purchase value of goods bought by the 2nd  Defendant’s
companies, with a 45-day interest-free credit period (hereinafter referred to
as the “LC Agreement”)

6 The defence pleaded was that the arrangement was terminated in October 2000
and all outstanding sums had been paid to the plaintiff, and that the
plaintiff had applied rates of interest charges in the invoices in excess of
the rates which were agreed to.

7 After filing that defence, the defendants changed solicitors and enlarged
their defence. By an amendment to the defence, it was pleaded that the
agreement was unenforceable as it infringed the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188,
1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The defendants pleaded that:

22A … even if the LC Agreement persisted beyond October 2000, which is denied,
it is illegal and thus, unenforceable as it infringes [the Act].

The Defendants aver that the Plaintiff had used the LCs as a cover for lending
money to the 1st  Defendants which was allegedly repayable with interest. By
the Plaintiff’s own admission in Paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim,
interest was to be charged at the rate of 12% per annum for on time payments
and 14% per annum for late payments.

The Plaintiff also admitted in Paragraph 11 of the Statement of Claim that he
had kept a general ledger in respect of the interest payments which was
calculated as “per the banks method of computation”. Clearly, the Plaintiff
had treated himself like a bank and had intended to lend money which was to be
repaid with interest.

The fact that these interest payments were not indicated in the commercial
invoices as stated in Paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim, demonstrates
that the LC transactions were carefully structured and deliberately disguised
by the Plaintiff with a view to evading [the Act].

The Defendants aver that there was a system and continuity in the Plaintiff’s
moneylending activities as evidenced by the high volume of LC transactions
which had in fact been made from 1997 to 2002 … Since the Plaintiff is an
unlicensed moneylender, his claims for outstanding sums due under the LC
Agreement against the Defendants, which includes interest, would be
unenforceable.

8 The plaintiff responded in his reply that:

9\. The Plaintiff denies that the transactions were structured or disguised to
evade [the Act]. The Plaintiff avers that the transactions did not fall within
[the Act] but was a pure business transaction for the use of the Plaintiffs’
[_sic_] banking facilities, for good consideration.

9 After pleadings closed, the defendants applied for and obtained an order
under O 33, rr 2 and 3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)
for the trial of the following preliminary issues:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff is a moneylender within [the Act]?

(b) If the issue (a) above is answered in the affirmative, whether the
Plaintiff is an unlicensed moneylender?

(c) If the issues (a) and (b) above are both answered in the affirmative,
whether the Agreement (as pleaded by the Plaintiff in the Statement of Claim)
and the transactions made thereunder and pursuant to which the Plaintiff is
claiming for sums allegedly due from the Defendants (including interest
payments), are in fact loans made by an unlicensed moneylender (the
Plaintiff), and are illegal and thus unenforceable and/or void as they
infringe [the Act], and affords the Defendants a complete defence to the
Plaintiff’s alleged claims under the Agreement (which are in fact claims for
repayments of loans made by the Plaintiffs).

10 Subsequent to that, directions were given for the parties to exchange
affidavits of evidence-in-chief. The plaintiff filed one affidavit, and the
second defendant filed one on behalf of the defendants. In his affidavit, the
plaintiff deposed that:

7\. Mr Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania (“Vinod”) [the second defendant] was a
casual friend of my family. I have been acquainted with him for over twenty
years since we first met each other at community dinners and functions. In the
early 1990s, through his company Donald Mcarthy Pte Ltd (D&M) he had asked me
to quote for commodities and we had an informal, on and off, business
relationship. This acquaintanceship and business relationship became a
friendship in or around 1995 or 1996 through more frequent social meetings. We
visited each other’s homes and our wives got along well with each other.

8\. … Vinod approached me with a business proposal. As stated I already had an
informal business relationship with him through D&M on an on-off basis at this
time and he did not give me any reason to doubt his credibility at the time.

9\. He said he was in need of assistance as he was unable to capitalize on
opportunities for his company due to the fact that his LC facilities were
already fully utilized. At the time I did not know that it was untrue. I
believe now that his companies did not have facilities as he would not have
passed a credit risk assessment by the banks due to his previous conviction in
court and disqualification.

10\. Vinod proposed that I allow him to use my banking facilities to open LCs
for him. This was to enable him to purchase goods from overseas sellers. He
would reimburse me the amounts under the LCs promptly together with all
interest, fees and late payment penalties which the bank charged me. In return
for the use of my facilities he proposed paying me a 1.5% commission on the LC
sum, and a small uplift over the banks’ trust receipt interest.

11\. At the time the interest rate charged by the banks for LC trust receipt
facilities was approximately 9%-10% per annum, for accounts paid on due dates
and another 2% or so over and above the stipulated rate for overdue accounts.

12\. For convenience Vinod proposed to compensate me at a fixed flat 12% per
annum interest rate for on-time payments and 14% per annum for overdue
payments as per the bank method of interest calculation to me.

…

16\. … I agreed to the proposal. I made it clear to him that I was doing this
only for him because he appeared to be a sincere and trustworthy person who
needed assistance for his company to grow. He was a friend and his wife and my
wife were friends. He was grateful and assured me that he would make payment
to the last cent.

17\. Shortly thereafter in 1997 he began faxing and e-mailing to me, initially
using D&M’s letterhead and subsequently the 1st Defendants [_sic_] letterhead,
the shipment and other details of the contracts which he required me to open
LCs for. They were for a variety of goods in which he was trading. …

18\. I would then arrange with my bankers to open the necessary L/Cs. My
bankers issued the LCs under my account.

19\. As a term of the L/C, the beneficiary seller would have to fax the
required documents (which include the commercial invoice) to Topbottom within
5 days after shipment. Once this is received my staff or I would prepare my
own invoice to the 1st  Defendant and to certain other companies which Vinod
instructed me to issue to, for payment of the LC principal amount, bank’s
usual postage and foreign currency handling charges (which I marked as Bank’s
commission in lieu) and my own 1.5% commission.

11 The second defendant described the events differently. He deposed that:

6\. I recall that sometime in 1996 and early 1997, the Plaintiff approached me
and offered his credit facilities for the use of my companies (including
subsequently, the 1st  Defendants when it was incorporated in 1997). The
Plaintiff was an acquaintance of mine and I was introduced to him by a mutual
friend sometime in 1986. The Plaintiff informed me that he had obtained large
credit lines which were over and above his business requirements and that in
order for him to maintain these large credit lines, he was willing to open
Letters of Credit (“LC”) for use by any of my companies, for a commission or
fee. I had no use of such facilities then and I declined the Plaintiff’s
offers in 1996 and in early 1997.

7\. In spite of my rejection of the Plaintiff’s offers, the Plaintiff
continued to call me on several occasions thereafter, to offer the use of his
LC facilities. The Plaintiff assured me that there would be no problems in
using his LC facilities and that many other persons and companies were already
using his LC facilities and credit lines without any problems, and that it
would not hurt for me and my companies to have extra credit facilities.

8\. Sometime in mid 1997, I agreed to give the Plaintiff some business through
one of my companies, Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd, which was subsequently wound up
in 2000. The terms of the oral agreement between the Plaintiff and myself was
that the Plaintiff would receive 1.5% commission of the total purchase value
of goods bought by my companies (including the bank charges and any other
charges), with a 45-day interest-free credit period (hereinafter referred to
as the “LC Agreement”). As stated by the Plaintiff in his Statement of Claim
(paragraph 10), interest was to be charged at a rate of 12% per annum for on-
time payments, and 14% for late payments.

9\. Pursuant to the said LC Agreement referred to in paragraph 7 above, the
Plaintiff provided Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd with various LCs from mid-1998
onwards. …

…

15\. I believe that the undisputed facts show that the Plaintiff had used the
LCs as a cover for lending money to the 1st  Defendants which was repayable
with interest (that is, a higher amount than the principle amount lent was
repayable).

16\. By the Plaintiff’s own admission in Paragraph 10 of the Statement of
Claim, in addition to a 1.5% “commission charge”, the Plaintiff charged the
1st  Defendants interest at the rate of 12% per annum for on time payments and
14% per annum for late payments. The Plaintiff had also admitted and confirmed
… that the bank interest at the material time was only between 10% to 10.5%
per annum. Yet, the Plaintiff, in the course of his business, sought to make a
further profit of some 1.5% to 2% from the LC Agreement (for on-time payments)
from the 1st  Defendants (in addition to a 1.5% “commission charge”), when it
was the Plaintiff who had offered the use of his credit lines so that he could
maintain these lines (which were over and above his business requirements).

12 The action came on for hearing before me. It was a short hearing. It went
on in the morning, when the plaintiff was cross-examined by counsel for the
defendants. When the hearing was due to resume in the afternoon, counsel asked
for time for them to reach agreement on certain matters. Counsel subsequently
reported that they had agreed that the ongoing cross-examination of the
plaintiff would not continue, and the second defendant would not be cross-
examined. Instead, the parties would proceed to make their written submissions
on the basis of the affidavits of evidence-in-chief and the cross-examination
that had taken place. On that note, the hearing in court came to an end, and
counsel went on to file their respective submissions and submissions in reply.

13 On reflection, I have reservations whether it was helpful to have the
cross-examination of the witnesses shortened or dispensed with when there was
a dispute over a basic fact as to which party had proposed the course of
dealings entered into. It would have been difficult to decide which version is
more credible as neither version was supported by documentary evidence or
corroborated by evidence from any other witness, and cross-examination would
have assisted the process.

14 When they made their submissions, the parties took different approaches on
the facts. The defendants framed their closing submissions on the basis of
undisputed and admitted facts, _inter alia_ :

(a) There were numerous transactions under the L/C Agreement (as defined in
paragraph 7 of the Amended Defence) between the Plaintiffs and the 1st
Defendants from mid-1998 to October 2000 (and further transactions, albeit
disputed, after October 2000);

(b) The Plaintiff made similar “L/C arrangements” with at leasttwo (2) other
parties;

(c) It was a term of the L/C Agreement that the 1st Defendants would repay the
Plaintiffs a larger amount than the actual L/C amount (and actual bank charges
and costs), including:—

(i) a 1.5% “commission” on the actual drawdown or principal amount plus the
actual bank charges costs and disbursements, and

(ii) “interest” at 12% per annum for** _on-time payments_** , or 14% per annum
for late payments.

…

(g) The Plaintiff is not a licensed moneylender under the Moneylenders’ Act.

without going into the disputed facts. The plaintiff, on the other hand, made
his submissions on his version of the disputed facts.

15 After reading the submissions, I find that it is possible and preferable in
the circumstances to deal with the preliminary issues against the undisputed
facts and the admissions made by the parties.

16 The general law on moneylending was discussed recently in _City Hardware
Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 733 (“ _City Hardware_ ”)
by V K Rajah J. With that judgment as a backdrop, I will deal directly with
the three issues.

**Whether the plaintiff is a moneylender**

17 This is the main issue. But before attempting to answer the question, a
basic question must be addressed – was the plaintiff lending money? In a
typical case of moneylending, _A_ , a borrower gets a loan of money from _B_ ,
a lender. _A_ may receive the money in cash or he may receive a cheque for
that amount, but it does not matter as that is readily convertible into cash.
The purpose for the loan, say to pay a hospital bill, may be made known to _B_
, , or it may not. Again, it does not matter if the purpose is disclosed or
approved as money is undoubtedly lent in either event. V K Rajah J stated in
_City Hardware_ (at [24]) that a loan need not be given directly to the
borrower, and that it suffices that the borrower gives directions on the
disbursement of the money. That must be so, for in the example I use, it
cannot make a difference if _A_ had requested _B_ to send a cheque directly to
the hospital.

18 The illegal moneylending defence has been raised against a variety of
underlying transactions in which one party offers financial assistance to
another party. The lending of money is a common form of financial assistance,
but it is by no means the only form of financial assistance, and not all forms
of financial assistance involves the lending of money.

19 To cite two leading cases as examples, in _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1
KB 584, Farwell J held that financing by taking and discounting bills is not
moneylending, and in _Olds Discount Co Ltd v John Playfair Ltd_ [1938] 3 All
ER 275, Branson J held that the purchase of book debts is not moneylending.

20 There is a decision which is more directly relevant to the present case.
This is _Nissho Iwai International (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kohinoor Impex Pte
Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 268 (“ _Nissho_ ”). In this case, the plaintiff agreed with
the first defendant to arrange for the plaintiff’s bankers to issue letters of
credit and performance bonds for the first defendant to enable the first
defendant to purchase timber and the first defendant agreed to pay the
plaintiff a commission, interest and the bank charges and the debits made
against the plaintiff’s accounts with its bankers for the letters of credit
and performance bonds issued.

21 This is essentially the same arrangement between the present plaintiff and
the first defendant. Some businessmen who do not have their own funds or
banking facilities to pay for their purchases to rely on such arrangements to
finance the purchases, and businessmen with ready facilities offer the service
for a profit.

22 Is this moneylending? As far as I know, the authorities administering the
Act have not prosecuted any such operators for any offence under the Act. In
_Nissho_ , Lim Teong Qwee JC stated at 274, [18]:

This is a practice well known to those concerned with the import and export
trade and I think not a few importers who use the available letter of credit
lines of banking facilities of their business associates from time to time
would be surprised if they were told that they were borrowing money by doing
that and that their business associates would require a licence under the
Moneylenders Act … In my judgment there is no loan here at all … [Such]
transactions are not loans in nature or in form.

23 I agree with his conclusion. Like the purchase of book debts and the
discounting of bills, the provision of letters of credit facilities is
distinct from moneylending. It is a form of financial assistance that one
party offers to another, usually for a profit, but unless we take all forms of
financial assistance for a profit as moneylending, the arrangement between the
plaintiff and the first defendant is not moneylending because no money is
lent.

24 Upon the finding that the plaintiff is not a moneylender, there is no
strict necessity to determine the second preliminary issue. I will, however,
deal with it just in case I am wrong that there was no moneylending.

**Whether the plaintiff is an unlicensed moneylender**

25 Not everyone who carries on the business of moneylending is a moneylender
for the purpose of the Act.

26 “Moneylender” is defined in s 2 of the Act thus:

“moneylender” includes every person whose business is that of moneylending or
who carries on or advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in any
way as carrying on that business whether or not that person also possesses or
earns property or money derived from sources other than the lending of money
and whether or not that person carries on the business as a principal or as an
agent but does not include —

(a) any body corporate, incorporated or empowered by a special Act of
Parliament or by any other Act to lend money in accordance with that Act;

(b) any society registered under the Cooperative Societies Act;

(c) any person bona fide carrying on the business of banking or insurance or
bona fide carrying on any business not having for its primary object the
lending of money in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends
money;

(d) any pawnbroker licensed under the provisions of any written law in force
in Singapore relating to the licensing of pawnbrokers;

(e) any finance company licensed under the Finance Companies Act; and

(f) any person licensed under the Securities and Futures Act 2001.

27 The Act assists the borrower on this issue. Section 3 provides that any
person who lends a sum of money in consideration of a larger sum being repaid
is presumed, until the contrary is proved, to be a moneylender.

28 As it was not disputed that the first defendant had to pay the plaintiff
sums higher than the amounts of the letters of credit, the plaintiff comes
within the presumption.

29 When a person comes within the presumption, he has to show that he is not
in the business of moneylending in order to rebut the presumption. One way for
that to be done is to show that loans were not offered to anyone who wants to
borrow. This form of rebuttal is related to the thinking reflected in Farwell
J’s judgment in _Litchfield v Dreyfus_ (_supra_ [19]), where he stated at 589:

Speaking generally, a man who carries on a money-lending business is one who
is ready and willing to lend to all and sundry, provided that they are from
his point of view eligible.

30 The presumption may also be rebutted by showing that there is no system and
continuity in the lending, as indicated in _Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v
Ghaanthimathi_ [1991] SLR 432, where Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) held at
434, [10]:

The settled law is that what is prohibited by the Act was not moneylending but
the business of moneylending. This is a question of fact. It is also settled
law that the giving of a number of loans to friends does not constitute the
business of moneylending, unless there is a system and continuity about the
transactions.

31 While one can readily understand that someone who is prepared to lend to
everyone is in the business of moneylending, one may ask whether that is a
requisite element of the business of moneylending. A person may not be
prepared to lend to everyone, and may be selective of his clients, and be
content with lending on a commercial basis to a few or even only one regular
borrower whom he trusts. This person is nevertheless carrying on moneylending
as a business.

32 On the facts of this case, the plaintiff was dealing with the first
defendant from mid 1998 to October 2000 at the earliest (the plaintiff’s case
was that the transactions carried on till February 2002, but the defendants
denied this).

33 The plaintiff pleaded in his reply that the transactions with the first
defendant were business transactions. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief he
stated that he issued invoices and maintained an accounting ledger. The
invoices would be for the principal amounts of the letters of credit issued,
the 1.5% commission and the bank commission. The interest would not be payable
until the principal sum was paid, and the period and the applicable rate of
the interest are ascertained. He repeated that the transactions were “pure
business transactions where an agreed fee is charged for the risk and exposure
I undertook with my bank to allow [the second defendant] to use my credit
facilities for [his] business”. On the evidence there was system and
continuity in the transactions.

34 However, not everyone who carries on the business of moneylending is a
moneylender for the purposes of the Act. There are five classes which are
expressly stated in the definition of “moneylender” to be excluded, the third
of which has to be considered in this case:

(c) any person bona fide carrying on the business of banking or insurance or
bona fide carrying on any business not having for its primary object the
lending of money in the course of which and for the purposes whereof he lends
money.

35 If loans were made under the arrangement, were they made in the course of
and for the purpose of carrying on the plaintiff’s business?

36 The plaintiff had pleaded that Topbottom Impex was dealing primarily in the
import and export of textiles, and that the first defendant was a trader and
manufacturer of basic precious and non-ferrous metal.

37 As it was not the plaintiff’s case that he made the arrangement with the
first defendant in the course of and for the purpose of Topbottom Impex’s
business, that exception does not apply.

38 Consequently, if the arrangement constituted moneylending, the plaintiff
was an unlicensed moneylender.

**Whether the defendants have a complete defence**

39 In the manner the issue was framed, there was no uncertainty over the third
issue. If the plaintiff was a moneylender who did not hold a moneylending
licence, then s 15 of the Act which provides that “[n]o contract for the
repayment of money lent by an unlicensed moneylender shall be enforceable”
must apply; and the defendants would have a defence.

40 However, as I have found that the plaintiff was not engaged in moneylending
and was not an unlicensed moneylender, this issue must be answered in the
negative.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

