Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Vasiliy Golovnin  
[2006] SGHC 247

Case Number | : | Adm 25/2006, SUM 1418/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ang Ching Pin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Steven Chong SC, Ian Teo and Kohe Hassan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants; Kenny Yap and Joanne Chia (Allen & Gledhill) for the plaintiffs   
Parties | : | —  
  
10 Jul 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Ang Ching Pin, Assistant Registrar

**To Strike Out Proceedings**

Ct: Orders in terms of prayers (2), (3), (4) of the defendants’ application.

> Query (6) for striking out of the first plaintiffs’ names?

DC: That is by consent

PC: Not necessary as Your Honour is granting (2) and (3).

Ct: Submissions on costs?

DC: There were 13 affidavits filed with foreign lawyers involved. It went on
for two days with many authorities and would think that it is better if costs
are fixed before Your Honour. Submit costs of $20,000 excluding disbursements.

PC: Leave it in Your Honour’s hands. Would be about $20,000 inclusive of
disbursements so would submit $15,000 without disbursements.

Ct: Costs fixed at $20,000 to the defendants exclusive of disbursements,

PC: My clients are asking to appeal and wondering if Your Honour wants to
grant a stay at this stage.

Ct: Would rather the plaintiffs file a former application.

PC: Suggesting a stay unitl a formal application for the stay of the order is
heard.

DC: The amount of security is about US$7m and we explained that there is
counter security by cash. Suggesting that Your Honour directs Learned Friend
to file the application for stay within 48 hours for it be heard by Friday.

Ct: The plaintiffs are to file their application for stay of the order pending
appeal by Wednesday 12 July 2006 4pm, failing which the security will be
returned forthwith to the defendants.

____________________________________________________

Ct: My grounds of decision are as follows:

1) The defendants, Far Eastern Shipping Co Plc (“**FESCO** ”), were at all
material times the owners of the _Chelyabinsk_. Under a charterparty dated 9
September 2005, FESCO chartered the _Chelyabinsk_ to Sea Transport Contractors
Ltd (“**STC** ”) who in turn sub-chartered it to Rustal SA (“**Rustal** ”(.
The plaintiffs are Swiss banks who provided financing to Rustal and were
holders of certain bills of lading issued by FESCO to set aside the writ of
summons and warrant of arrest of the _Vasily Golovnin_ , a sister vessel of
the _Chelyabinsk_ , in respect of the plaintiff’s claim against FESCO for,
inter alia, losses sustained in relation to cargo carried on the
_Chelyabinsk_. Extensive affidavits from both sides were filed, dealing with
the history of the matter as well as interpretations of Togolese law by the
parties’ respective Togolese lawyers. Be that as it may, I was satisfied that
it was possible to determine the issues at hand on the affidavit evidence.

**Background**

2) In September and October 2005, rice cargo were loaded onboard the
_Chelyabinsk_ at China and India respectively under eight separate bills of
lading. Only four of them are relevant for present purposes. The first bill of
lading, _Chelyabinsk_ 01-A, was dated 17 September 2005 and pertained to the
loading of cargo at Nanjing for discharge at “any African port”. The other
three bills of lading, KKD/LT/01, KKD/LT/02 and KKD/LT/04 were dated 10
October 2005 and pertained to the loading of cargo at Kakinada for discharge
at “Lome, Togo”. The second plaintiffs, Credit Agricole Suisse SA (“**CA** ”)
were the holders of _Chelyabinsk_ 01-A, KKD/LT/01 and KKD/LT/02, while the
third plaintiffs, Banque Cantonale Geneve (“**BCG** ”) were the holders of
KKD/LT/04.

3) Another bank, BNP Paribas, were the holders of bills of lading
_Chelyabinsk_ 01-B and _Chelyabinsk_ 02 which provided for the discharge of
cargo at “any African port”. BNP Paribas were not parties to the present
proceedings. In addition, another two bills of lading, KKD/LT/03 and
KKD/LT/05, owned by CA and BCG respectively, provided for discharge at “Lome,
Togo”. These four bills of lading were not the subject of the plaintiffs’
claims.

4) After the cargo had been loaded in China and then in India, the
_Chelyabinsk_ proceeded to the port of Abidjan in the Ivory Coast to discharge
the cargo under bills KKD/LT/03 and KKD/LT/05. The cargo discharged under
these two bills of lading were subject to letters of indemnity issued by STC
which had instructed FESCO to discharge the cargo at Abidjan instead of the
contractual port of discharge at Lome. Thereafter, pursuant to the other bills
of lading, the remaining cargo would have been bound for Lome and/or any
African port.

5) In early December 2005, Rustal requested STC to switch the bills of lading
to change the discharge port from Lome to Douala. On or about 5 December 2005,
STC made the request known to FESCO who were in principle agreeable to the
request provided the original bills of lading were surrendered in exchange.
The arrangements for the switch were made between FESCO’s agents in the United
Kingdom, Cornavin Shipping, and Rustal’s London solicitors, Middleton Potts.
The parties agreed to effect the switch at Cornavin’s office on 12 December
2005 but neither Rustal nor Middleton Potts attended at Cornavin’s office on
that day or any other subsequent date for that purpose.

**_FESCO’s version of events_**

6) It was FESCO’s position that the switched bills of lading providing for
discharge at Douala were never issued and the contracts of carriage continued
to be governed by the original bills of lading which stipulated Lome as the
port of discharge. FESCO claimed that whereas STC had initially directed that
the _Chelyabinsk_ proceed to Douala for discharge, STC had revoked these
instructions on or about 13 December 2005. STC then directed on 14 December
2005 that FESCO should not switch the bills of lading until further
instructions from STC to do so. The next day, on 15 December, STC reminded the
Master of the _Chelyabinsk_ that it should not enter and beth in Douala
without STC’s approval. On 19 December 2005, STC instructed FESCO to proceed
to Lome to discharge the cargo. As such, the _Chelyabinsk_ proceeded to Lome
to discharge the cargo in accordance with the bills of lading.

7) On 21 December 2005, FESCO received a request from BCG’s solicitors,
Waterson Hicks, to discharge the cargo under KKD/LT/04 in Douala, in exchange
for a letter of indemnity. FESCO rejected the request. Following FESCO’s reply
that it would not accede to BCG’s request, Waterson Hicks sent another email
on the same day seeking confirmation that the cargo would be discharged in
Lome in accordance with BCG’s instructions.

8) FESCO acknowledged that CA also requested to discharge the cargo under
their bills of lading at Douala but FESCO disputes the date that the request
was received. While CA claimed that they had sent their request on 16 December
2005, FESCO maintained that the request was only received on 29 December 2005.

**_The plaintiffs’ version of events_**

9) The plaintiffs’ position was that FESCO, STC and Rustal had agreed to the
switching of the bills of lading and that the cargo should be discharged at
Douala. On or about 12 December 2005, the Chelyabinsk had in fact sailed to
the port of Douala in Cameroon and tendered notice of readiness to discharge
the cargo. The plaintiffs asserted that there had been no attendance at
Cornavin’s office because they had received a “bizarre fax” from STC’s
solicitors advising that the _Chelyabinsk_ was being withdrawn from charter
service. They further asserted that the switch did not take place only because
FESCO reneged on the agreement to do so.

10) The plaintiffs contended that on 14 December and 16 December 2005, BC had
instructed FESCO to discharge the cargo under the bills of lading held by them
in Douala. On 16 December 2005, CA also instructed FESCO to re-cut the bills
of lading held by them and discharge the cargo under the bills of lading at
Douala. However, FESCO did not comply with the instructions given on all these
occasions. On 21 December 2005, the _Chelyabinsk_ departed from Douala without
discharging any cargo and arrived in Lome on 23 December 2005.

**_Events in Lome_**

11) On 22 December 2005, STC obtained a court order in Lome (“**Ruling No.
2062/2005** ”) for the arrest and detention of the cargo onboard the
Chelyabinsk as security for STC’s claim against Rustal for unpaid hire under
the sub-charterparty. It was the plaintiffs’ contention that their lawyer, Mr
Robert Parson, had warned FESCO on the same day not to proceed to Lome as STC
had obtained a lien order on the cargo. This was disputed by FESCO. On 24
December 2005, Rustal obtained a court order from the Lome Court (“**Ruling
No. 2081/2005** ”) to prevent the discharge of the cargo from the
_Chelyabinsk_.

12) After the _Chelyabinsk_ arrived in Lome on 23 December 2005, Ruling No.
2062/2005 was duly served on it. STC then obtained a court order on 27
December 2005 (“**Ruling No. 2093/2005** ”) that the cargo be unloaded and
discharged into the custody of the _Compagnie Maritime d’Agence et
d’Affretement_ , the agent for the __Chelyabinsk__.

13) On 29 December 2005, the banks applied to the Lome Court to set aside
Ruling No. 2093/2005 and reinstate Ruling No. 2081/2005 obtained by Rustal.
FESCO was also granted a right of audience by the Lome Court in the
proceedings by the banks. On 16 January 2006, the Lome Court set aside Ruling
No. 2081/2005 obtained by Rustal and ordered the cargo to be discharged in
Lome (“**Ruling No. 0023/2006** ”). The Lome Court also found that STC was
entitled to retain the cargo as security for their dispute with Rustal.
Shortly after Ruling No. 0023/2006 was delivered, both Rustal and the banks
obtained separate rulings for a temporary stay of execution of the ruling.

14) On 2 February 2006, the Lome Court of Appeal ordered the lifting of the
stay of execution of Ruling No. 0023/2006. In compliance with Ruling No.
0023/2006, FESCO commenced discharge of the cargo on 4 February 2006 which
discharge was completed in about mid February. As STC alleged that there was
damaged and missing cargo, the _Chelyabinsk’s_ P&I Club issued security for
STC’s claim in the sum of €113,411. On 17 February 2006, STC obtained from the
Lome Court an order for the arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_ as security for its
claim for damage to some of the cargo. This arrest order was set aside on 21
February 2006 but on the same day, the banks (CA, BCG and BNP Paribas)
obtained a court ruling in Lome for the arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_.

15) The banks’ claims in support of the arrest in Lome were essentially that:

(a) they had given firm instructions to the _Chelyabinsk_ to rescind the bills
of lading with a view to making it easier to market and unload the cargo at
Douala in Cameroon where buyers had been found for the cargo;

(b) the _Chelyabinsk_ had arrived in Douala on 12 December 2005 but refused to
unload the cargo there and sailed to Lome despite the warnings from the banks
that there were no customers for the cargo in Togo and that it would be
difficult to find buyers for one part of the cargo in particular; and

(c) in violation of the banks’ instructions, the _Chelyabinsk_ had sailed to
Lome where the cargo was arrested, causing huge losses to the banks estimated
at USD5.05m arising out of the discharge and detention of the cargo.

16) The arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_ by the banks was set aside by the Lome
Court on 24 February 2006 (“**Ruling No. 0164/2006** ”). It is pertinent to
note that in setting aside the arrest, the Lome Court made the following
findings:

(a) that the banks could not deal directly with FESCO without going through
Rustal and STC, and FESCO could only follow STC’s instructions since Lome was
stipulated as the port of discharge in a number of the bills of lading;

(b) that FESCO had not been at fault in proceeding to Lome on STC’s
instructions since STC had control over the commercial management of the
_Chelyabinsk_ as charterers;

(c) that Douala was not listed as a port of discharge on the bills of lading
although the banks claimed that the cargo was bound for Douala;

(d) that sufficient security was given for the claims for loss and damage to
the cargo and the banks could not claim that they had suffered any loss. As
such, the _Chelyabinsk_ would be released and the banks were ordered to pay
costs.

17) The next day, on 25 February 2006, the _Chelyabinsk_ departed from Lome.
There was no appeal to the Lome Court of Appeal against Ruling No. 0164/2006.
Subsequently on 18 March 2006, the plaintiffs obtained a warrant of arrest
against the _Vasily Golovnin_ (“**the vessel** ”) in Singapore for the same
claims as was brought in Lome. In the meantime, on 28 March 2006, the Lome
Court of Appeal overturned Ruling No. 0023/2006, allowing the banks’ appeal
against the order that the cargo be discharged in Lome.

18) The plaintiffs asserted that they were unable to take up the cargo despite
succeeding in their appeal on 28 March 2006. As they continue to be deprived
of the cargo, they say that they are entitled to be secured for the full value
of the cargo. Even if they were to eventually succeed in recovering the cargo,
they would not be able to sell the cargo at a price equal to or above the
price which the cargo would have fetched if it had been discharged and sold in
Douala. Since the arrest against the _Chelyabinsk_ was set aside in Lome, the
plaintiffs arrested the vessel in Singapore as security for their claim.

**The present proceedings**

19) Counsel for FESCO, Mr Steven Chong SC, contended that the banks were not
entitled to seek security in Singapore. Accordingly, FESCO sought to set aside
the warrant of arrest and the writ of summons, and to obtain an award of
damages for alleged wrongful arrest of the vessel. The grounds for FESCO’s
application were threefold. First, that there was an operative issue estoppel
on the plaintiffs’ rights to arrest the vessel in respect of the present
claims; secondly, that this was a hopeless case which was doomed to fail; and
thirdly, that there was massive and material non-disclosure by the plaintiffs
when they obtained the warrant of arrest against the vessel. I shall deal with
each argument in turn.

**_Issue estoppel_**

20) In _House of Spring Gardens Ltd v Waite_ [1991] 1 QB 241, the English
Court of Appeal recognized that it was an abuse of process for an issue to be
re-litigated in one jurisdiction after it had already been litigated in
another jurisdiction. It is FESCO’s position that the arrest of the vessel in
Singapore constituted an abuse of process for which the warrant of arrest
should be set aside. Mr Chong clarified that the issue estoppel raised by
FESCO in the instant case specifically referred to the plaintiffs’ right of
arrest of the vessel in respect of the same claims under the bills of lading
for which the Lome Court had already dealt with under Ruling No. 0164/2006.

21) The elements of issue estoppel were not in dispute here and they were, to
my mind, satisfied in the circumstances. For present purposes, I agreed with
the submissions raised by FESCO which were accurately and succinctly
enumerated in their skeletal submissions. I do not propose to repeat them but
only wish to highlight two points.

22) At first blush, the express reference in Ruling No. 0164/2006 to
“provisional enforcement” (or “ _l’execution proviso ire_ ” in French)
suggested that there was a lack of finality in Ruling No. 0164/2006 for the
purposes of founding issue estoppel. Going on a similar line of argument, the
plaintiffs’ Togolese lawyer, Mr Doe-Bruce, asserted that Ruling No. 0164/2006
was made by way of a provisional injunction and the Lome Court 8 had not
determined the plaintiffs’ claims against FESCO. Article 160 of the Togo Code
of Civil Procedure also provided that provisional injunction rulings did not
assume the nature of a final judgment but could be amended or resubmitted to
the Court if fresh circumstances arose. In the the circumstances, the Lome
Court of Appeal’s ruling of 28 March 2006 constituted fresh circumstances
which enabled the plaintiffs to institute fresh arrest proceedings in Lome.

23) Fortuitously, some guidance on this point can be sought from _The Irini A_
[1999] 1 Lloyd’s Report 189 where Tuckey J considered the nature of a Lome
court order containing the same phase “ _l’execution provisoire_ " as was
found in Ruling No.0164/2006. Essentially, Tuckey J found that the Lome court
order was not in any sense interim or provisional. It was final and was
incapable of revision by the court which pronounced it and would stand unless
reversed on appeal. As such, the Lome court order satisfied the test for
determining finality of a judgment as set out in _Nouvion v Freeman_ (1889)
App Cas 1, ie. Whether the judgment could be reopened by the same court which
pronounced it.

24) In my opinion, _The Irini A_ bolstered FESCO’s stand that Ruling No.
0164/2006 was final and conclusive. The _Irini A_ also supported the views of
FESCO’s Togolese lawyer, Mr Lawson-Banku, who confirmed that Ruling No.
0164/2006 could only be overturned by way of an appeal to the Lome Court of
Appeal. As it was undisputed that the plaintiffs did not appeal against Ruling
No. 0164/2006, it followed that Ruling No. 0164/2006 remained final and
conclusive. Mr Doe-Bruce had also not at any time stated that Ruling No.
0164/2006 fell within Article 160. Moreover, I agreed with FESCO’s argument
that Mr Doe-Bruce’s interpretation of Article 160 merely meant, at best, that
the plaintiffs would be able to institute a _fresh_ arrest in Lome if there
were new circumstances arising. It did not mean that the fresh circumstances
would allow the plaintiffs to _reopen_ Ruling No. 0164/2006 before the same
court which pronounced it. These were two very different situations.

25) Another point which merits highlighting was the plaintiffs’ constant
refrain that there was no identity of issues for the purposes of founding
issue estoppel since the proper issue to be decided in Singapore was whether
the plaintiffs were entitled to invoke the High Court’s jurisdiction under the
High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) to arrest
FESCO’s vessel. The plaintiffs argued that this was different from the issue
before the Lome court which was whether they had the right to arrest FESCO’s
vessel for their claims.

26) I was of the view that this argument was plainly unmeritorious. Where
issue estoppel was raised in respect of an earlier foreign judgment, it was
clear that the foreign judgment would have to be decided in accordance with
the laws and the procedures of that country. The fact that the Singapore
courts would have reached a different conclusion was immaterial. As was
recognized in _The Sennar (No 2)_ [1985] 1 WLR 490, issue estoppel operated
regardless of whether or not an English (or Singapore) court would regard the
reasoning of the foreign judgment as open to criticism. To adopt the
plaintiffs’ argument would lead to the peculiar situation where a foreign
judgment could never give rise to an issue estoppel and this could not be
correct.

**_No arguable case_**

27) It was FESCO’s position that the plaintiffs’ claims were wholly
unmeritorious and doomed to fail. The arrest of the vessel was based on ss
3(1)(g) and 3(1)(h) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act which
provided that:

3.- (1) The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court shall be as follows, that
is to say, jurisdiction to hear and determine any of the following questions
or claims:

…

(g) any claim for loss of or damage to goods carried in a ship;

(h) any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods
in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship;

28) FESCO submitted that the plaintiffs did not have an arguable case under ss
3(1)(g) and 3(1)(h) and the proceedings should be set aside in _limine_. Their
reasoning went as follows. The essence of the plaintiffs’ claims was that
FESCO had breached the contracts of carriage by discharging the cargo in Lome
and not Douala. It was apparent from the indorsement of claim that the
plaintiffs’ claims were based on the bills of lading and not on any collateral
contracts. Three of the four bills of lading expressly stated Lome as the
contractual port of discharge, and the plaintiffs themselves acknowledged this
fact. Thus, FESCO had not acted in breach of any contracts of carriage
contained in or evidenced by the bills of lading of which the plaintiffs were
holders. Insofar as the plaintiffs’ claims sought to contradict the bills of
lading, they were seeking to introduce extrinsic terms which contradicted the
written contracts. As such, the parol evidence rule applied to bind the hands
of the plaintiffs who were not the shippers. The terms of the bills of lading
were conclusive in the hands of the plaintiffs: _Bills of Lading: Law and
Contract_ at pars 2.22 to 2.24; _Carver on Bills of Lading_ 2nd Ed 2005 at
para 5-027; _Leducv Ward_ (1888) 20 QBD 475.

29) In their first set of supplemental skeletal arguments, the plaintiffs
raised seven grounds in contending that they had an arguable case against
FESCO. The seven grounds related to FESCO’s (a) purported breach of Article
III rule 2 of the Hague Rules; (b) purported breach of duty as bailees of the
cargo; (c) purported breach of agreement to discharge in Douala; (d) alleged
wrongful compliance with STC’s instructions to proceed to Lome; (e) refusal to
comply with the plaintiffs’ instructions to discharge at Douala; (f) failure
to deliver the cargo to the plaintiffs as holders of the bills of lading; and
(g) alleged wrongful failure to discharge the cargo under _Chelyabinsk O1-A_
in Douala when the contractual port of discharge provided for “any African
port”. Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Kenny Yap, asserted that FESCO’s
argument as to the parol evidence rule was a narrow one and the plaintiffs
were not proceeding solely on the basis of the bills of lading. For instance,
their argument on Article III Rule 2 of the Hague Rules was not tied up with
the bills of lading.

30) To my mind, any arguments by the plaintiffs that the discharge in Lome had
breached any agreement or instructions to discharge at Douala were
inconsequential as these did not impinge on the original contracts of carriage
which clearly provided for Lome as the port of discharge. It remained that no
agreement had been reached by the parties to switch the bills of lading and
change the discharge port to Douala. Moreover, FESCO had been under both a
legal as well was a contractual duty to discharge the cargo in Lome in
February 2006 (although Ruling No. 0023/2006 was eventually overturned on
appeal in March), and the plaintiffs did not contend that FESCO could have
legitimately refused to comply with the said ruling then. In this light, the
plaintiffs would have been hard pressed to take delivery in Lome even if FESCO
had wanted to deliver the cargo to them. I also accepted that the discharge of
the cargo bound for “any African port” in Lome did not constitute a breach of
the bill of lading.

31) The plaintiffs’ point on Art III rule 2 of the Hague Rules was that Art
III rule 2 obliged the carrier to carry and care for the cargo. Accordingly,
FESCO would be in breach of the said rule if they acted recklessly in carrying
the cargo to Lome knowing that it would be arrested by STC. While Art III rule
2 was subject to the defence of ‘restraint of princes’ under Art IV rule 2(g),
it was argued that the defence was not applicable to FESCO because it had
foreseen the seizure of the cargo under legal process (since FESCO had
purportedly been warned by Mr Robert Parson on 22 December 2005 of the lien
order obtained by STC). Mr Yap contended that the plaintiffs’ claim under Art
III rule 2 would not contravene the parol evidence rule since it was not tied
up with a claim under the bills of lading.

32) I was of the view that this argument did not advance the plaintiffs’ case.
The fact remained that their case, as indorsed on the writ of summons, was
based on the bills of lading which provided for discharge of the cargo at
Lome. FESCO had performed according to the express terms of the contract and
discharged the cargo at Lome under legal compulsion (and under contract). As
such, no issue arose as to whether FESCO needed to rely on the defence under
Art IV rule 2(g) of the Hague Rules since it had, at all materials times,
adhered to the terms of the contracts of carriage and declined to follow any
directions by the plaintiffs which contradicted the express terms of the
contracts of carriage. In the circumstances, it was clear that the plaintiffs’
claims against FESCO under the bills of lading, as indorsed on the writ, were
unsustainable.

**_Material non-disclosure_**

33) At the outset, Mr Chong highlighted that the affidavit filed in support of
the arrest of the vessel (“**the affidavit** ”), including exhibits, was
substantial as it came up to about 399 pages altogether. The body of the
affidavit comprised only about 16 pages.

34) Five main points were raised in support of FESCO’s claim that there was
material non-disclosure by the plaintiffs. First, the plaintiffs did not
expressly inform the Assistant Registrar Mr David Lee (“**AR Lee** ”) who
heard the application for a warrant of arrest that it was the Lome Court which
had set aside the arrest of the Chelyabinsk following an _inter partes_
hearing (“**the first point** ”). Secondly, the plaintiffs’ claims against
FESCO were based on the bills of lading but they failed to expressly inform AR
Lee that Lome was the contractual port of discharge under the bills (“**the
second point** ”). Thirdly, the plaintiffs failed to disclose explicitly that
the purpose of switching the bills of lading, other than cutting them into
different proportions, was to change the port of discharge from Lome to Douala
(“**the third point** ”). In respect of BCG, there were two counts of material
non-disclosure in that the plaintiffs failed to mention that BCG had offered a
letter of indemnity to FESCO on 21 December 2005 in consideration for
discharging the cargo in Douala (“**the fourth point** ”); and that the
plaintiffs failed to mention that BCG had sought FESCO’s confirmation that the
cargo would be discharged in Lome according to BCG’s instructions (“**the
fifth point** ”).

35) In response, Mr Yap sought leave during the hearing before me to admit a
fresh affidavit wherein he deposed to the events that transpired at the _ex
parte_ hearing before AR Lee. I did not accede to Mr Yap’s request as I was of
the view that it was neither appropriate nor fair to Mr Chong that the
affidavit be admitted at that late juncture. Moreover, the second joint
affidavit of Jean-Pierre Delahie and Pierre Dubouchet (“**the second joint
affidavit** ”) had set out Mr Yap’s version of events of the _ex parte_
hearing. In the main, the second joint affidavit stated that the arrest papers
and affidavit were given to AR Lee before the hearing who then had ample
opportunity to read the affidavit and exhibits referred to therein. During the
hearing, AR Lee informed Allen & Gledhill that he had read the arrest paper as
well as the affidavit, and he did not require Allen & Gledhill to take him
through the affidavit. A&G was asked to address certain specific issues as
documented in the AR Lee’s minute sheet. As such, A&G had no reason to believe
that AR Lee had not read the affidavit beforehand.

36) In view of AR Lee’s purported assertion that he had read the arrest papers
and the affidavit and there was no need for counsel to bring him through it,
Mr Yap argued that the above points raised by FESCO were unmeritorious. While
it was not the plaintiffs’ position that the first and second points were not
material, they maintained that sufficient disclosure had been made to AR Lee.
In respect of the first point, the Lome Release Order had been exhibited in
the affidavit and they averred that AR Lee would also have seen the table of
contents of the affidavit which revealed an exhibit described as “Copies of
Lome Court Orders for release of vessel”, evincing that the release of the
_Chelyabinsk_ was court ordered. As for the second point, Mr Yap argued that
AR Lee’s minute sheet made it apparent that AR Lee had been referred to “tab
2” of the affidavit during the hearing, where the bills of lading were
exhibited.

37) To my mind, the second point was a material fact which should have been
disclosed to AR Lee at the _ex parte_ hearing. However, I accepted Mr Yap’s
explanation in respect that AR Lee’s attention had been drawn to the bills of
lading at tab 2 of the affidavit even if it had been done in the context of
reserving the plaintiffs’ rights.

38) I also viewed the first point to be material but found that there had not
been full and frank disclosure of that point. While Mr Yap sought to convince
me that the first point had somehow been disclosed, I was unable to agree with
his technical arguments. In my opinion, the fact that the _Chelyabinsk_ was
released from arrest in Lome pursuant to an order of court after an inter
partes hearing would have been something that a duty registrar would have
wanted to know in deciding whether to issue a warrant of arrest. I agree with
FESCO’s submissions that the duty registrar’s attention would then be drawn to
the fact that another court of competent jurisdiction had already determined
that there was no right of arrest for the same claims by the plaintiffs. The
duty registrar might well have required further clarification as to whether a
warrant of arrest should still be issued in Singapore despite the prior arrest
having been set aside.

39) Even if AR Lee had intimated that he had read the affidavit, bearing in
mind that the plaintiffs had submitted a lengthy affidavit running into
hundreds of pages, it was incumbent on them to specifically bring such a
material fact to AR Lee’s attention during the hearing. I would concur with
Baker J in _Intergraph Corporation v Solid Systems Cad Services Ltd_ [1993]
FSR 617 where he observed at page 625 that:

To present a judge with 600 pages of material on an ex parte application is
coming a bit near abuse, unless he is firmly and carefully guided, through the
material. Of course I recognise at once that legal advises are in a difficult
situation. If they do not put enough in, they get attacked because they have
not made full disclosure. On the other hand, if they put too much in then
complaints arise that the judge cannot cope with it. That is something the
legal advises have to live with, because clearly it is of no use putting it in
if the judge either cannot or does not read it. It is just as much not
disclosed as if it had not been put in at all. Unless it is presented to the
eyes and/or the ears of the judge, it is not disclosed.

40) While Baker J also suggested that the court’s attention did not have to be
drawn to what it said it had seen, it is pertinent to note that the second
joint affidavit of Jean-Pierre Delahie and Pierre Dubouchet did not
distinguish between whether AR Lee had seen the exhibits in addition to
reading the body of the affidavit. At the hearing before me, Mr Yap also said
that AR Lee did not make any distinction between the body of the affidavit and
the exhibits contained therein, nor put in any caveat that he had only seen
the body and not the exhibits of the affidavit. In my view, if there was any
room for doubt as to whether AR Lee had read the entire affidavit, including
the exhibits, the onus would be on counsel to seek clarification. It cannot be
emphasized enough that in an _ex parte_ application for a drastic remedy of
arrest, the applicant must ensure that all which should be seen by the court
is in fact seen.

41) In respect of the third point, bearing in mind my finding that AR Lee’s
attention had been drawn to the bills of lading, I did not think that there
was any material non-disclosure of the matter since express mention was made
in the affidavit of CA’s request to FESCO to discharge the cargo at Douala.

42) I next consider the fourth and fifth points. It was the plaintiffs’
contention that the fourth point was not something material which had to be
disclosed to AR Lee. They argued that Waterson Hicks had not “offered” FESCO
an LOI for the change in destination of the cargo, but had only “enquired”
whether FESCO would be willing to discharge at Douala against a letter of
indemnity. This merely served to assuage FESCO’s concern that they were
receiving conflicting instructions from STC. Moreover, the letter of indemnity
was never in fact offered.

43) I disagreed with the plaintiffs that the fourth point did not have to be
disclosed to AR Lee. It directly impinged on BCG’s claims against FESCO since
it went towards establishing whether an agreement had been reached between the
parties to discharge the cargo at Douala instead of Lome, and whether FESCO
was in breach of contract for discharging the cargo in Lome. The duty
registrar would have wanted to know these matters before deciding whether BCG
had a _prima facie_ claim against FESCO for which an arrest could be made.

44) As for the fifth point, I concurred with the plaintiffs that this was not
a material non-disclosure as it did not unequivocally point to BCG desiring to
take delivery in Lome but could just as well point to them making the best of
the situation in the circumstances.

**Whether damages should be ordered against the plaintiffs**

45) In light of the foregoing, I found in favour of FESCO and set aside the
writ of summons and the warrant of arrest. However, the fact that a writ or a
warrant of arrest was set aside did not necessarily mean that damages should
be automatically awarded to FESCO for the arrest of the vessel: _The Inai
Selasih_ [2006] 2 SLR 181. In _The Inai Selasih_ , the Court of Appeal
reiterated the principles governing a claim for damages for wrongful arrest,
namely, that it must be shown that there was _mala fides_ or malicious
negligence, or _crassa negligentia_ , on the part of the plaintiffs: _The
Evangelismos_ (1858) 12 Moo PC; 14 ER 945; _The Strathnaver_ (1875) 1 App Cas
58 and _The Kiku Pacific_ [1999] 2 SLR 595.

46) Applying these principles to the instant case, I did not think that the
plaintiffs had acted maliciously or had been grossly negligent in applying for
the warrant of arrest. They had honestly believed that they had valid claims
against FESCO which they had been unable to satisfy in Lome. As Chao JA (as he
then was) held in _The Inai Selasih_ , being shown to be wrong could not _per
se_ amount to being malicious. I also found that the plaintiffs’ non-
disclosure of material facts before AR Lee was not deliberate or calculated at
misleading or distorting the truth.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

