Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Sivakolunthu Thirunavukarasu  
[2006] SGHC 68

Case Number | : | OS 1909/2005, SUM 245/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 April 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer K Merchant (Madhavan Partnership) for the applicants; Respondent in person, absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Sivakolunthu Thirunavukarasu   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor using forgery
and fraud to mortgage clients' property for own benefit and misapplying
clients' monies – Whether advocate and solicitor's conduct amounting to
fraudulent or grossly improper conduct – Appropriate order to be made –
Sections 83(2)(b), 83(2)(h) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

24 April 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (“the Act”) (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
to make final an order to show cause. At the conclusion of the hearing, we
granted the application and ordered the respondent, Sivakolunthu
Thirunavukarasu, to be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors of the
Supreme Court of Singapore. We now give our reasons.

2 The respondent was an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore of 25 years’ standing. She was called to the Bar in 1981. At all
material times, she was a consultant in the firm of M/s Dass & Co. Her
husband, M Amaladass, was the sole proprietor of the firm.

3 The facts are straightforward. The respondent was instructed to give effect
to a settlement agreement that was made between the respondent’s clients and
their brother, Sim Thian Oh (“STO”), on 23 April 2002 (“the Settlement
Agreement”). The respondent’s clients were Sim Ah Ban (“SAB”) and his five
brothers. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the respondent’s
clients were to pay $4.2m to STO. Payment of the settlement sum was partly in
cash, which included the proceeds of sale of shares in a private company, and
by way of transfer of a motor vehicle and a property at Tanjong Katong. In
return, STO was to transfer his share and interest in seven other properties
to the respondent’s clients, including the property located at 23 Senang
Crescent, Singapore. As the title deed to one property was missing, title
deeds to six of the seven properties in STO’s name were delivered to the
respondent on 20 September 2002, with instructions to take steps to sell three
of the seven properties so that the proceeds of sale could be used to pay the
balance due under the settlement by a certain time. Instructions were also
given to transfer STO’s share in four other properties to the respondent’s
clients.

4 In connection with those instructions, the respondent was to see to the
transfer of 23 Senang Crescent to her clients. Instead, the respondent on 5
April 2004 transferred three-quarter share in the Senang Crescent property to
herself with Sim Chiang Lee (“SCL”), holding the other quarter share. The
transfer document was purportedly executed by SAB and his brothers, SCL and
Sim Sien Tiong (“SST”). About the same time, the respondent mortgaged her
share in the property to Malayan Banking Berhad (“Maybank”). The mortgage was
purportedly signed by the respondent and SCL. SAB, SCL and SST asserted that
their signatures were forged.

5 On a separate occasion, in purported discharge of her instructions to give
effect to the Settlement Agreement, the respondent requested some money from
her clients for payment of stamp fees for the transfer of four properties. The
clients sent $13,106 as requested by way of a cheque dated 21 April 2003 and
made out in favour of “Commissioner of Stamp Duties”. Unknown to them, the
respondent misapplied the stamp fees towards the unauthorised discharge of
liabilities relating to a completely separate property transaction involving a
different client.

6 The respondent’s clients learned of her nefarious deeds after STO entered
default judgment against them for breach of the terms of the Settlement
Agreement and statutory demands from STO’s lawyers were served in March 2004
on SST and SAB. Around the same time, Maybank as mortgagee lodged a caveat
against the Senang Crescent property. In the usual course, SCL received the
Singapore Land Authority’s written notification dated 19 March 2004 of the
bank’s caveat. SAB came to know about the misuse of the stamp fees from a
lawyer appointed to investigate the matter.

7 According to SAB, the respondent offered to mortgage a property she owned as
well as her brother’s property to settle the matters, all within a period of
two or three months. The offer was rejected. The respondent pleaded for time
and asked to be given until 16 April 2004 to make amends. The respondent wrote
on 16 April 2004 to SAB informing him that a redemption notice had been given
to Maybank and proposed repayment of the redemption moneys by instalments. Her
proposals were again rejected by SAB.

8 SAB lodged two related complaints with the Law Society. Separately, a police
report was made on 14 April 2004.

9 The Disciplinary Committee found that there was overwhelming evidence
against the respondent. The findings of professional misconduct were that the
respondent had forged the signatures of her clients in the transfer of a share
in the property to herself and the mortgage to Maybank. SAB, SCL and SST had
all testified that the signatures on the transfer were not theirs. SCL also
confirmed that the signature on the mortgage was not his. It was obvious that
the respondent had wanted to raise funds for herself and to that end resorted
to forgery and fraud. In addition, she deceived her clients into giving her a
cheque in the sum of $13,106 made out in favour of the “Commissioner of Stamp
Duties” supposedly to pay stamp duty on the transfers of four properties under
the terms of the Settlement Agreement. She fraudulently made use of the cheque
to pay the stamp fee of another client in a different transaction. The
Disciplinary Committee had no difficulty concluding that all the charges based
on ss 83(2)(_b_) and 83(2)(_h_) of the Act were made out and determined that
cause of sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action under s 83(1) of
the Act against the respondent.

10 The respondent was not represented nor was she present to make any
submissions before the Disciplinary Committee or this court. She has
apparently absconded and her whereabouts are unknown.

11 This was a clear case of fraudulent and grossly improper conduct on the
part of the respondent in the discharge of her professional duty. The
respondent had behaved with conscious and brazen impropriety in connection
with her professional work. She must have realised that that she could not
have kept her forgeries a secret for long. When she was found out, she as much
as admitted to the fraud in her letter of 16 April 2004. Equally audacious was
her misuse of clients’ money received in the course of the exercise of her
professional work.

12 The trust that the public rightly place in their lawyers to dutifully carry
out their instructions will be greatly weakened without a high standard of
professional rectitude or if that standard was not maintained and allowed to
decline. Professional misconduct involving fraud and dishonesty deserves the
severest penalty. The court in exercising jurisdiction under s 83(1) will have
regard for the clients of the defaulting solicitor and the protection of the
public against similar defaults by other solicitors through the court
registering its disapproval of what the respondent has done as well as the
interests of this profession. See _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_
[1999] 1 SLR 696 at [11] to [13].

13 Accordingly, we granted the Law Society’s application and ordered the
respondent to be stuck off the roll of advocates and solicitors of the Supreme
Court of Singapore. We further ordered that the respondent should bear the
costs of these proceedings and the costs in the disciplinary proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Apr 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

