Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Mezen"  
[2006] SGHC 35

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 32/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Daphne Hong Fan Sin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Goh (Ari Goh and Partners) for the plaintiffs; Thio Ying Ying and Edgar Chin (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
23 February 2006

Assistant Registrar Daphne Hong:

1 This case concerned a claim by the plaintiffs against the defendants for
damages arising from the defendants’ alleged wrongful detention of or
interference with the plaintiffs’ equipment, which were on board the
defendants’ vessel, Mezen (“the vessel”). On 17 March 2005, the plaintiffs
successfully applied for the arrest of the vessel in order to secure their
claim.

2 The defendants in turn applied to set aside the writ of summons and the
warrant of arrest and in addition, sought damages for wrongful arrest. This
application came before me and after hearing both parties, I allowed the
application to set aside the writ and the warrant on the basis that this claim
did not fall within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court. However, I
declined to award damages for wrongful arrest. Neither party appealed against
the decision and the vessel was eventually released on 21 April 2005.

3 The defendants have now requested that I furnish the grounds of decision for
the setting aside of the writ of summons and the warrant of arrest,
specifically, on whether this claim fell within the admiralty jurisdiction of
the court. This is because the plaintiffs have launched a similar claim in Sri
Lanka and have recently arrested the vessel there as security for their claim.
At the hearing of the defendants’ application to lift the warrant of arrest,
the Sri Lankan court has asked the defendants to obtain the grounds of
decision of this court on this issue. I now give the grounds of my decision.

**Background**

4 The warrant of arrest obtained by the plaintiffs was not the first involving
the vessel. The vessel was previously arrested in Singapore on 12 January 2005
by the Laboratory of Regional Geodynamics Limited (In Liquidation) (“the
charterers”), which had chartered the vessel from the defendants for sub sea
seismic exploration. The suit by the charterers against the defendants was for
damages for breach of the charterparty.

5 On 18 January 2005, whilst the vessel was under arrest, the charterers sold
the seismic equipment on board the vessel (“the equipment”) to the plaintiffs
for US$1.4 million. The plaintiffs then intervened in the suit and on 14
February 2005, applied to the court for leave to off-load the equipment. This
application was heard and allowed by the High Court on 18 February 2005. The
learned Judge however imposed the condition that the plaintiffs bear the costs
and insurance relating to the off-loading works. In addition, as the
defendants had contested the plaintiffs’ right to the equipment, the Judge
also ordered the plaintiffs to provide an indemnity to the defendants to cover
the cost of the equipment in the event the defendants establish their right
over the same.

6 Following this, there were numerous disputes between the plaintiffs and the
defendants concerning how the off-loading works were to be carried out. As a
result, despite the order, the equipment on board the vessel was in fact not
completely offloaded.

7 In the meantime, on 15 February 2005, the defendants applied to set aside
the writ of summons and the earlier warrant of arrest obtained by the
charterers. On 17 March 2005, the application was granted – the writ and the
warrant were set aside and the charterers were also ordered to pay damages for
wrongful arrest to the defendants. On the same day, the plaintiffs applied for
and obtained the present warrant of arrest against the vessel.

**The application**

8 In the plaintiffs’ affidavit filed in support of the application for the
warrant of arrest, the plaintiffs submitted that their claim against the
defendants fell within sections 3(1)(g) and 4(4) of the High Court (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Act (“the Act”). They contended that they had a reasonable cause
of action and the writ and the warrant should accordingly be allowed to stand.

9 The defendants challenged the writ and the warrant on numerous grounds –

(a) the admiralty jurisdiction of the court was wrongly invoked in that the
claim did not fall within the ambit of section 3(1)(g) of the Act;

(b) no valid cause of action accrued at the time the writ was filed as the
detention or interference of the equipment alleged by the plaintiffs only
occurred after the commencement of the suit;

(c) there was no reasonable cause of action as the vessel was under arrest at
the material time and hence only the Sheriff had control over the equipment on
board the vessel. Since the defendants had no power to release the equipment
to the plaintiffs, a claim that the defendants had wrongfully detained or
interfered with the equipment had no chance of success;

(d) the plaintiffs had failed to disclose material facts in their affidavit
filed in support of the application for the arrest; and

(e) there was bad faith and malice or alternatively, gross negligence as to
imply malice, in the arrest of the vessel, which justified the defendants
getting damages for wrongful arrest.

10 The issues that arose before me were hence whether the plaintiffs’ claim
fell within the ambit of section 3(1)(g) of the Act, whether the plaintiffs
had a valid or reasonable cause of action, whether there was material non-
disclosure of facts and whether the arrest was tainted by _mala fides_ or
alternatively gross negligence amounting to _mala fides_ on the plaintiffs’
part. Given the urgency of the request for the grounds of decision, I would
only address the first issue in these grounds.

**Ambit of section 3(1)(g) of the Act**

11 Section 3(1)(g) provides that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court shall
extend to “any claim for loss of or damage to goods carried in a ship.” Under
section 2 of the Act, the word “goods” is defined to include “baggage”.

12 Before me, counsel for the plaintiffs urged the court to give a broad and
liberal construction to section 3(1)(g). Counsel submitted that the clause
“claim for” in the sub-section meant “arising out of” and was wide enough to
cover both tortious and contractual claims (see _The Eschersheim_ [1974] 3 All
ER 307 and _The Antonis P Lemos_ [1985] 1 All ER 695). It would encompass the
loss of right to goods and was not restricted to physical destruction of
goods. In the instant case, the plaintiffs’ claim would fall under this limb
as the plaintiffs had been deprived of their right to the equipment arising
out of the defendants’ wrongful detention of or interference with the same.
The defendants did not oppose the meaning of “claim for” as contended by the
plaintiffs’ counsel and I too had no difficulty accepting the above.

13 The real dispute between the parties was over the clause “goods carried in
a ship”. Citing the definition of the word “goods” from various dictionaries,
the plaintiffs argued that the ordinary and natural meaning of “goods” was
“all chattels of which possession is possible notwithstanding that they are
not easily moveable” and “goods carried in a ship” meant “whatever conveyed in
a ship” or “the load carried in a ship”. In this case, the equipment on board
the vessel was a chattel capable of being off loaded (that is, capable of
being moved) and it also formed the load of the vessel. The equipment thus
fell within the scope of “goods carried in a ship”.

14 On the other hand, the defendants contended that “goods carried in a ship”
was confined to “goods carried as cargo on board a ship”. The authority for
this could be found in the case of _The Eschersheim_ , where the English court
had occasion to consider the ambit of “goods carried in a ship” under section
1(1)(g) of the Administration of Justice Act 1956. Section 1(1)(g) was in
_pari materia_ with section 3(1)(g) of the Act. In that case, the court held
that “goods carried in a ship” referred only to “goods carried as cargo”, on
the basis of the long established decision of _R v City of London Court Judge_
[1883] 12 QBD 115. The court went on to hold that even though “goods” was
extended to include “baggage” by section 8(1) of the Administration of Justice
Act, in the context of section 1(1)(g), “baggage” carried in a ship should
only be construed as covering the belongings of passengers or travellers and
not the belongings of those on board a ship as employees of the shipowners to
man and operate the ship. The master and crew were thus not permitted to rely
on section 1(1)(g) to claim loss of their baggage.

15 This view was also adopted by D R Thomas in _Maritime Liens_ [Vol 14,
British Shipping Laws at pg 110]. Quoting the decision in _The Eschersheim_ ,
the author opined that paragraph (g) was confined to claims against the
carrying ship and was designed to cover the claim of a cargo owner against the
ship to which he had entrusted his cargo.

16 Insofar as “cargo” is concerned, the defendants’ counsel submitted that the
ordinary meaning of this word was “goods, property or mechandise carried by a
vessel for the purpose of earning freight”. In the present case, the seismic
equipment was supplied to the vessel for the purpose of the vessel’s
operations in carrying out geophysical survey and was not loaded on board the
vessel to be transported from one destination in order to be discharged at
another. It thus did not come within the meaning of “goods carried as cargo”.

17 In response, counsel for the plaintiffs maintained that since there was no
local authority on the ambit of section 3(1)(g), it was open to this court to
construe the paragraph in the widest possible way. It would not be
inconsistent with the natural meaning of the word “goods” to hold that any
chattel on board or any load of a vessel would suffice. Counsel ventured to
add that _The Eschersheim_ should only be read to mean that a distinction
should be drawn between chattels on board a vessel belonging to a shipowner,
his master and crew and those belonging to others.

18 I did not accept that the words “goods carried in a ship” had such a wide
meaning as that prescribed by the plaintiffs’ counsel. If these words could
include any chattel as long as the chattel was moveable and formed the load of
a vessel, then surely any baggage on board a vessel would fall within the
definition of these words. There would then be no need for section 2 of the
Act to define and extend the word “goods” to include baggage. I decided that
_The Eschersheim_ was correct in that in the context of section 3(1)(g),
“goods” carried in a ship referred to goods carried as cargo on board a ship,
in other words, things or items carried on board a vessel for the purpose of
being conveyed or transported from one place to another.

19 In the present case, the equipment was something the vessel was fitted out
with in order to enable the vessel to carry out a specific type of work,
geophysical survey works. The vessel was not carrying the equipment as cargo
for the purpose of conveying or transporting the equipment from one venue to
another. As such, following from my reasoning above, the equipment was not
“goods carried in a ship” as contemplated by section 3(1)(g) of the Act. I
agreed with the defendants that the admiralty jurisdiction of the court was
wrongly invoked and for this reason, the writ of summons and the warrant of
arrest had to be set aside.

20 Before I conclude, I should add that counsel for the plaintiffs had pointed
out that at the hearing of the plaintiffs’ application to offload the
equipment whilst the vessel was under the earlier arrest (taken out by the
charterers), the defendants had opposed the application on the grounds that
they had a lien over the equipment. In other words, the defendants themselves
had conceded that the equipment was “cargo” on board the vessel as only cargo
could be the subject of a lien under the charterparty. At that hearing, the
charterers took the position that the equipment was affixed to the vessel and
could not be construed as cargo. In my view, the above was not of real
assistance to the plaintiffs. I agreed with the defendants that the court had
to look at the scope of section 3(1)(g) and consider whether the true nature
of the equipment permitted it to fall within the paragraph, and not at the
positions adopted by the parties at some other hearings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

