Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and Others and Another Suit  
[2006] SGHC 220

Case Number | : | Suit 261/2006, 262/2006, SUM 2838/2006, 2839/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Tan Siu-Lin and Adrian Tan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; M Ravi (M Ravi & Co) for the second and third defendants, absent   
Parties | : |  Lee Hsien Loong — Singapore Democratic Party; Chee Siok Chin; Chee Soon Juan; Ling How Doong; Mohamed Isa Abdul Aziz; Neo Ting Wei Christopher; Sng Choon Guan Gerald; Wong Hong Toy; Yong Chu Leong Francis   
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court – Defendants seeking second adjournment –
Whether requirements for absence from court on medical grounds complied with –
Whether other reasons to grant further adjournment existing – Order 35 r 2
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Plaintiffs suing defendants for
publishing allegedly defamatory articles about them – Whether articles
defamatory in nature – Whether plaintiffs' applications for summary judgment
should be allowed  
  
Tort – Defamation – Defamatory statements – Plaintiffs members of local
government – Actions brought by plaintiffs in personal capacity – Whether
allegedly defamatory words referring to plaintiffs – Whether allegedly
defamatory words defaming plaintiffs by implication – Whether defendants
pleading common law defences of justification, qualified privilege and fair
comment with sufficient particularity  
  

1 December 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J :

1 The plaintiff in Suit No 261 of 2006 is Mr Lee Hsien Loong (“LHL”), the
Prime Minister of Singapore. The plaintiff in Suit No 262 of 2006 is Mr Lee
Kuan Yew (“LKY”), the Minister Mentor in the Prime Minister’s office and a
cabinet minister. The second defendant in both suits, Ms Chee Siok Chin
(“CSC”), is a member of the Central Executive Committee of the first
defendant, the Singapore Democratic Party (“SDP”); the third defendant, Dr
Chee Soon Juan (“CSJ”), is the secretary-general of the SDP. As CSJ is an
undischarged bankrupt, leave of court was obtained on 26 April 2006 to
commence these two suits against him. For convenience, Suit No 261 of 2006 and
Suit No 262 of 2006 will be referred to hereafter collectively as “the present
actions”, and individually as “the LHL action” and “the LKY action”
respectively. I should, for completeness, explain that initially, a number of
other individuals were joined as defendants. The present actions were not
eventually pursued against the fourth to the ninth defendants as they
apologised and agreed to pay damages and costs. As for the first defendant,
judgment in default was entered on 7 June 2006 after it failed to file its
defence in the LHL action and the LKY action. For the purposes of this
judgment, the expression “the defendants” refers to CSC and CSJ only.

2 In the present actions, the plaintiffs sued the defendants for publishing an
allegedly defamatory article in an issue of the SDP’s newspaper, _The New
Democrat_ , in or around February 2006 (“ _The New Democrat Issue 1_ ”). The
SDP was named as the publisher of _The New Democrat._ A permit under s 21 of
the Newspaper and Printing Presses Act (Cap 206, 2002 Rev Ed) was issued
jointly and severally to CSC as permit applicant and CSJ as chief editor of
_The New Democrat_. Consequently, as the defendants admitted in their amended
defence in both the LHL action and the LKY action, they were the persons in
the SDP who were responsible for the publication, sale and/or distribution of
_The New Democrat Issue 1_.

3 The plaintiffs in the present actions applied for summary judgment under O
14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) on 26 June 2006. Both O
14 summonses were listed for hearing on Monday, 11 September 2006. However,
the events on 11 September 2006 ended in the hearing being adjourned to
10.00am on Tuesday, 12 September 2006. On Tuesday morning, CSJ applied for a
further adjournment. The question for the court was whether or not it should
again adjourn that morning’s hearing. Before the court could rule on their
application for an adjournment, CSC and CSJ walked out of the proceedings. I
thereafter refused to grant them a further adjournment and proceeded, pursuant
to O 32 r 5 of the Rules of Court, to hear the O 14 summonses in the
defendants’ absence. Interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed was
entered against the defendants in the LHL action as well as in the LKY action.
I now state the reasons for my decision. For convenience, issues that are
common to both actions are discussed together in this judgment, with coverage
of plaintiff-specific matters set out under separate headings for the LHL
action and the LKY action. I shall begin with my reasons for refusing a
further adjournment of the O 14 hearing on 12 September 2006 before coming to
the merits of the O 14 summonses proper.

**Application to further adjourn the O 14 hearing**

4 It is necessary to say something about the background to the present
actions. Both O 14 summonses were originally fixed for hearing before Woo Bih
Li J on 3 August 2006, but were subsequently re-fixed for hearing on 16 August
2006 before me. On 16 August 2006, I adjourned the hearing of the O14
summonses to after the disposal of the Notice of Appeal purportedly taken out
in Originating Summons No 1203 of 2006 (“OS 1203”). The defendants later
indicated that they were not going to pursue the appeal in OS 1203.
Thereafter, upon receiving confirmation on 22 August 2006 from the lawyers for
both sides that they would be ready to take any available hearing date in the
week beginning 11 September 2006, the Registry fixed the O 14 summonses in the
present actions for hearing on Monday, 11 September 2006 at 10.00am. The
respective law firms were informed of this by a notice which the Registry
issued on 25 August 2006.

5 On Monday, 11 September 2006, CSJ, who was accompanied by CSC, informed the
court that their counsel, Mr M Ravi, was unwell to attend court. He was said
to be suffering from physical and mental exhaustion. The source of counsel’s
exhaustion was supposedly his heavy workload. An adjournment for an
unspecified duration was sought to enable Mr Ravi to recover. There was,
however, no medical evidence adduced in support of Mr Ravi’s condition. Given
the circumstances, I stood the proceedings down to 2.30pm for a medical
certificate to be produced.

6 At the resumed hearing that afternoon, CSJ tendered a note and a medical
certificate from a dentist who had treated Mr Ravi for pericoronitis caused by
poor oral hygiene in the area around the lower right wisdom tooth. The medical
certificate stated that Mr Ravi was unfit for duty for Monday, 11 September
2006. Apart from the periodontal complaint, which was a new development, Mr
Davinder Singh SC, counsel for LHL and LKY, pointed to some additional
discrepancies in the medical certificate and the dentist’s note. First, the
note and the medical certificate were in the main not in compliance with para
13, Part II of the _Supreme Court Practice Directions_ (2006 Ed) which
regulates absence from court proceedings on medical grounds. Second, the
dentist’s note was written in black ink whereas the date on the note was
written in blue ink.

7 Notwithstanding the above anomalies, since Mr Ravi’s medical leave was for
only one day, I adjourned the hearing of the O 14 summonses for a second time
to the following day (_ie_ Tuesday, 12 September 2006) at 10.00am. I also
directed that Mr Ravi was to attend the adjourned hearing. Mr Singh was to
inform Mr Ravi’s office of the adjourned hearing and the court’s direction.

8 On the morning of Tuesday 12 September 2006, CSJ informed the court that Mr
Ravi would not be attending. He claimed that Mr Ravi was still unwell. No
medical certificate was produced on behalf of Mr Ravi to either cover or shed
light on his absence despite the court’s direction the previous day. Mr Singh
had earlier confirmed that he had written to Mr Ravi informing him to attend
the adjourned hearing, which letter had been hand-delivered by a court clerk
from Mr Singh’s firm to Mr Ravi’s office.

9 In the absence of medical evidence that Mr Ravi was medically unfit to
conduct the case in court on 12 September 2006, and bearing in mind the
requirements of the _Supreme Court Practice Directions_ which had already been
highlighted the previous day (a copy of the relevant provisions was even sent
to Mr Ravi under cover of Mr Singh’s letter dated 11 September 2006), I was of
the view that Mr Ravi’s absence _per se_ was certainly not a ground for an
adjournment. The question was then whether there was nonetheless some other
good or valid reason for granting a further adjournment of the O 14 summonses.

10 Where genuine or well-founded reasons are offered in support of a request
for an adjournment, the court, in the exercise of its discretion, will have to
decide what would, as far as possible, be a fair outcome for all the parties.
The court has to balance, on the one hand, the prejudice caused to the party
opposing the adjournment if the request is granted and, on the other hand, the
position of the requesting party if the adjournment is refused. An important
consideration in this regard is whether the requesting party will be able to
proceed with the substantive hearing if the adjournment is refused. That,
however, turned out to be a non-issue as the events of 12 September 2006
unfolded.

11 CSJ changed his position several times in the course of explaining why the
defendants wanted a further adjournment. Initially, he simply stated that Mr
Ravi was not well enough to attend court. There was no mention of Mr Ravi
having been discharged as his counsel. Later, CSJ announced that Mr Ravi was
no longer his lawyer. He claimed that he had discharged Mr Ravi and had also
informed the latter of the discharge. On this basis, CSJ sought an adjournment
of one to two weeks to look for another lawyer. Since CSJ was also speaking on
behalf of CSC, her position on the matter mirrored his. In any case, I was
left in no doubt of her stance from the defendants’ subsequent joint decision
to walk out and not participate in the proceedings.

12 The defendants abjectly insisted that the court should grant them an
adjournment without hearing the reasons for Mr Singh’s objections to their
request. After conferring briefly with CSC outside chambers, CSJ reiterated
that the defendants did not wish to play any part in the proceedings without
having a lawyer to advise them on Mr Singh’s objections to an adjournment.
Again, CSJ announced their joint decision to leave and thereafter promptly
walked out, thus ignoring first, the court’s stand that it would only rule on
their application for an adjournment after hearing Mr Singh, and second, the
court’s warning of the likelihood of Mr Singh pressing on with the hearing of
the O14 applications in the defendants’ absence.

13 Consequently, I heard Mr Singh’s arguments resisting the application for an
adjournment in the defendants’ absence. Mr Singh submitted that as no medical
certificate had been produced, the inference was that Mr Ravi was no longer
unwell. Yet, Mr Ravi was not in court despite the court’s specific direction
the previous day. To Mr Singh, that, coupled with CSJ’s sentiment that Mr Ravi
should continue to act for the defendants even though he was said to have been
discharged as counsel, gave rise to an irresistible inference that the
defendants’ purpose in asking for an adjournment was simply to delay the
proceedings. The purported discharge of Mr Ravi, it was submitted, was yet
another deliberate ploy on the defendants’ part to further stall the
proceedings.

14 To support his contention, Mr Singh outlined in brief the delays in the
progress of the present actions beginning with the filing of OS 1203 after the
defendants learnt on 14 June 2006 that the plaintiffs were intending to apply
for summary judgment. Mr Singh pointed out that having successfully obtained
an adjournment of the hearing of the O 14 applications scheduled for 16 August
2006, the defendants had no further need of the Notice of Appeal (see [4]
above). It was significant that on 22 August 2006, the defendants informed the
Registry by letter that they were no longer proceeding with that appeal. Mr
Singh maintained that the defendants’ manoeuvrings of 11 and 12 September 2006
were part and parcel of their delay tactics.

15 In view of the pattern of the defendants’ conduct which I have recounted in
my written judgment for OS 1203 (see _Chee Siok Chin v Attorney General_
[2006] 4 SLR 541), I agreed with Mr Singh. I found it difficult to explain the
defendants’ conduct in instituting OS 1203, which was patently unmeritorious,
on any plausible basis, save on the ground that the defendants were attempting
to drag out the proceedings in the present actions.

16 Above all, factually and more importantly, the defendants walked out even
before the court had had an opportunity to rule on their application for an
adjournment. In my view, their absence was a deliberate attempt to coerce the
court into granting them an adjournment. This was decidedly material to the
exercise of my discretion in refusing an adjournment. It superseded any need
to consider whether the defendants would be able to proceed with the O 14
summons if the adjournment was refused (see [10] above). A court has to be
astute and alert to stratagems such as the staged exit devised by the
defendants; otherwise, the court would be playing into the hands of a litigant
who deliberately walks out of proceedings in a fit of pique and yet manages to
secure an adjournment by simply not being there. If that happens, the court
will be seen to be rewarding defiant, disdainful, unruly, and disruptive
behaviour. Any conduct that attempts to thwart the court’s process, as was the
case here, cannot be countenanced as it seeks to undermine the court’s
authority and brings the court into disrepute. Similar sentiments were
expressed in no uncertain terms by Yong Pung How CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_
[1997] 3 SLR 382 at [14]:

There are many things which a lawyer or litigant can do which do not
necessarily hinder or delay court proceedings, but which nevertheless
interfere with the effective administration of justice by evincing
contemptuous disregard for the judicial process and by scandalising or
otherwise lowering the authority of the courts. We are inviting anarchy in our
legal system if we allow lawyers or litigants to pick and choose which orders
of court they will comply with, or to dictate to the court how and when
proceedings should be conducted.

17 For all these reasons, I refused the defendants’ unmeritorious application
for a further adjournment of the hearing of the O 14 summonses.

**Summonses for summary judgment**

18 I now turn to the substantive merits of the plaintiffs’ applications for
summary judgment in the present actions. The defendants filed a joint defence
and a joint affidavit opposing the summary judgment application in each suit.
Mr Ravi also filed written submissions on their behalf. The common question
which I had to decide for both the LHL action and the LKY action was whether,
based on the materials and arguments tendered by the defendants, they had
shown that the claims in each action should go for trial. But before that, Mr
Singh had to first establish that the passages which the plaintiffs complained
of (“the Disputed Words”) were defamatory of LHL and LKY. In order to do so,
Mr Singh must show that: (a) the Disputed Words bore a defamatory meaning (a
question of law which may be determined summarily under the O 14 procedure:
see _Microsoft Corp v SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 529), and (b) the
Disputed Words were published of the plaintiffs.

19 At this juncture, I will deal with one further argument put forward by the
defendants, which was that it would be wrong to give summary judgment in the
present actions as complex issues were involved. With respect, this is not an
answer to a claim for summary judgment if the claim is otherwise well-founded.

**_The Disputed Words_**

20 The Disputed Words, which are set out in the statement of claim filed in
each of the present actions, consisted of words from an English article (“the
English Words”), words from a Chinese article (“the Chinese Words”) and a
photograph (“the Photograph”) which were published in _The New Democrat Issue
1_. There was no issue of the Disputed Words having been taken out of context
so as to affect their interpretation.

21 The English Words appeared in an article (“the English Article”) which
spanned pages 4–5 of _The New Democrat Issue 1_. The English Article was
entitled “Govt’s role in the NKF scandal” and was referred to on the cover
page of the newspaper as follows:

What’s the Govt’s role in the NKF [National Kidney Foundation] scandal? – page
4 Peanuts Action Party.

22 On page 5, there was a stand first which formed part of the English
Article. It read as follows:

It is impossible not to notice the striking resemblance between how the NKF
operated and how the PAP [People’s Action Party] runs Singapore. It would take
someone foolishly blind not to be concerned with how our financial reserves
and CPF [Central Provident Fund] savings are dealt with. Here are the
similarities.

There was a text box on that same page, which contained the following words in
bold, enlarged font:

If you think the running of NKF was bad, read this …

23 The English Words which the plaintiffs complained of were these:

The NKF fiasco is not about bad practices. It is not even about negligence on
the Government’s part.

It is about greed and power.

It is about the idea that the political elite must be paid top dollar, no
matter how obscene those amounts are and regardless of who suffers as a result
of it.

It is about a system engineered over the decades by the PAP that ensures that
it and only it has access to public information and by fiat decides what is
allowed and what is not.

It is about what a “democratic society, based on justice and equality” should
not be.

Singaporeans must note that the NKF is not an aberration of the PAP system. It
is, instead, a product of it.

…

**Lack of Transparency**

…

How does this compare to the PAP? The Government of Singapore Investment
Corporation (GIC) is a business entity set up, and chaired, by Mr Lee Kuan Yew
to manage and invest our national reserves.

Incredibly, the GIC will not give an account of its investments (how and where
our money is invested, and the profits/losses they record) to the people. Even
Parliament is not privy to the information. The GIC operates in secrecy.

The HDB [Housing and Development Board] is no better. It continues to
stonewall longstanding questions about the actual cost of building the flats
and the profits it makes when it sells these flats to the people.

What about the CPF? Many Singaporeans are still concerned that the Fund is
broke and that is the reason why the Government comes up with all these
schemes to retain our CPF savings even when we retire.

…

**Defamation suits**

Singaporeans have known this for a long time but it needed the NKF scandal to
drive home the point: The use, or rather abuse, of defamation laws in this
country has led to a situation where wrong-doings cannot be exposed.

…

Its [The PAP’s] officials, starting from Mr Lee Kuan Yew on down, regularly
sue their political opponents.

The cases of Mr JB Jeyaretnam, Mr Tang Liang Hong, and Dr Chee Soon Juan are
just a few examples.

**Authoritarian control**

It is obvious now that the NKF was run in an autocratic manner. The KPMG
report said: “Power was centred around one man, and was exercised in an ad-hoc
manner through Mr Durai and his coterie of long-serving assistants.”

Is not power in Singapore centred around one party, if not one individual?

With the PAP monopolizing power and making sure that no one has the means to
challenge that hold on power (by banning protests, introducing GRCs [Group
Representation Constituencies], suing political opponents, making legitimate
democratic actions criminal offences, etc) are we not witnessing the NKF but
on a larger and national scale?

…

**The use of the media**

…

With the control of the media, the PAP Government has likewise been able to
present good news to the people and take credit for them (justified or not),
hide the bad news, and portray the opposition in the most undesirable light
possible.

Again, without a free media to expose the excesses of the Government,
Singaporeans will never know what is going on behind the scenes and officials
like Mr Durai and the PAP will continue to use their “victorious” lawsuits as
a measure of competence and absence of wrongdoing.

24 The article containing the Chinese Words (“the Chinese Article”) was
published on page 18 of _The New Democrat Issue 1_. The Chinese Words were as
follows:

???????????,?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????,???????????????????????

?????????????????????????????????,??????????????????????????????????????????

?????????????????????????????, ?????????????

???

????????????????????????????, ??????????,??????????????

25 The defendants did not dispute the accuracy of the English translation of
the Chinese Words, parts of which are reproduced below:

This scandal is not just about improper management or the result of the
government’s negligence. The main cause of this is the combination of greed
and power. This is because the government insists on the principle of offering
high salaries to the so-called [elite], regardless of whether such salaries
are unreasonably high and mindless as to whether the consequences of such high
salaries have affected those who deserve to receive more rewards.

This is the system that the People’s Action Party has moulded over the
decades. As a result, only the People’s Action Party and its so-called [elite]
have the financial resources to control the public and the power to control
the media. This is the extreme opposite of the justice and impartiality
advocated by a democratic society.

We must understand that the National Kidney Foundation is not an accidental
event under the PAP system. It is precisely a product of the PAP system.

…

There will, of course, be those found to be responsible for the National
Kidney Foundation scandal. However, true operational transparency will have to
begin from a higher level in the government.

26 As for the Photograph, it appeared on page 9 of _The_ _New Democrat Issue
1_. It depicted four protestors, one of whom was CSC, holding a protest. Two
of the protestors wore T-shirts with the words “National Reserves” and “HDB
GIC” inscribed on either side. The other two protestors wore T-shirts with the
words “Be Transparent Now” and “NKF CPF” inscribed on either side. The
protestors also held a placard. The caption to the Photograph reads:

Calling for transparency: The protest outside the CPF Building. Following the
NKF scandal Singaporeans must press the Government for transparency and
accountability.

_(a) Matters admitted by the defendants_

27 It is pertinent that I highlight, at this juncture, those parts of the
statement of claim in the LHL action and the LKY action which have been
admitted by the defendants. As I shall explain below, these admissions were
material to my finding that the Disputed Words were defamatory of the
respective plaintiffs.

28 In respect of the LHL action, the defendants admitted that the averments in
paras 11–17 of the statement of claim relating to (a) past defamation suits by
the plaintiff (“the past Defamation Actions”) and (b) what the plaintiff’s
counsel termed “the NKF Saga” were in the public domain and were of general
knowledge. The past Defamation Actions and the NKF Saga were set out in the
section of the statement of claim headed “Background and Context” as follows:

11\. The following matters in this Part are in the public domain and/or are of
general knowledge. At trial, the Plaintiff will refer to the relevant articles
and programmes published in the local print and broadcast media.

12\. The Plaintiff has at various times sued for defamation (the “**Defamation
Actions** ”). A list of a number of the Defamation Actions, the relevant
defendants, the gist of the allegations in each of the Defamation Actions and
the result of the proceedings is set out at Annex A. The Plaintiff has also
successfully obtained damages and/or apologies from others where, _inter alia_
, allegations of nepotism and/or corruption were made against him.

13\. From July 2005 to the date of this Writ, there has been widespread
interest in Singapore in what has come to be known as the “NKF Saga”.

_PARTICULARS OF NKF SAGA_

(a) On 11 July, 2005, trial of a libel action (“**NKF Suit** ”) brought by the
National Kidney Foundation (“**NKF** ”) and its the [_sic_] Chief Executive
Officer T.T. Durai (“**Durai** ”) against Singapore Press Holdings commenced.
The proceedings of the NKF Suit were extensively reported in the local press.
In the course of and after the trial, issues arose in relation to NKF’s funds
and their use, the benefits enjoyed by its former management, the
characterisation of Durai’s salary and defamation suits brought by NKF and/or
Durai.

(b) Over the next few days, public outrage erupted on an unprecedented scale
across Singapore. It culminated on 14 July, 2005 when Durai and his entire
15-member board of the NKF resigned.

(c) In August 2005, the interim board of the NKF invited the police and the
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore to investigate into the activities of
the former board of the NKF.

(d) On 19 December, 2005, an independent auditor appointed by the interim
board of the NKF released a 332-page report criticizing the manner in which
the former NKF board and Durai managed the financial affairs of the NKF.

(e) On 17 April, 2006, Durai was arrested by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau, released on police bail and ordered to appear in court
the following day.

(f) On 18 April, 2006, Durai, three former directors and an employee of the
NKF were charged in court for, inter alia, corruption and breach of fiduciary
duties.

(g) On 24 April, 2006, it was reported that the NKF had commenced civil
proceedings against Durai and some former members of the NKF board of
directors for, inter alia, breach of fiduciary duties.

14\. The NKF Saga including the facts and circumstances set out herein were
extensively reported in the local print and broadcast media and were widely
known in Singapore.

15\. On 11 August 2005, 4 protestors (the “**Protestors** ”) comprising the
2nd Defendant, Yap Keng Ho (“**Yap** ”), N Gogelavany (“**Gogelavany** ”) and
Tan Teck Wee (“**Tan** ”) conducted a protest (the “**Protest** ”) outside the
Central Provident Fund (“**CPF** ”) Building. The 2nd Defendant and Yap wore
T-shirts with the words “National Reserves” and “HDB GIC” inscribed on either
side. Gogelavany and Tan wore T-shirts with the words “Be Transparent Now” and
“NKF CPF” inscribed on either side. The Protestors also held a placard. The
Protestors were dispersed by the police who also seized their placard and
T-shirts.

16\. By Originating Motion 39 of 2005, the 2nd Defendant, Yap and Gogelavany
(the “**Applicants** ”) filed an application in the High Court for a
declaration that the police and the Minister for Home Affairs acted in an
unlawful and unconstitutional manner when the Applicants were ordered to
disperse by the police during the Protest. After a full hearing, the High
Court held:

_An objective view of the printed words on the T-shirts and the placards would
leave no doubt that the protestors were neither affably nor gently raising
queries; rather they were patently attempting to undermine the integrity of
not just the CPF Board but also the GIC and the HDB by alleging impropriety
against the persons responsible for the finances of these bodies (‘the
institutions’); in addition, they were calling into question the dealings of
the institutions with the “National Reserves”. This was a conscious and
calculated effort to disparage and cast aspersions on these institutions and
more crucially on how they are being managed. I cannot but take judicial
notice of the fact that any attempt to link the institutions to the NKF at
that point of time, 11 August 2005 and pending further public clarification,
would be tantamount to an insinuation of mismanagement and financial
impropriety. The governance and finances of the NKF were in July and early
August 2005 caught in a swirl of negative and adverse publicity. Information
and material that entered the public domain as a consequence of litigation
involving its former chief executive officer, became the source of widespread
and grave public disquiet. A toxic brew of inexplicable accounting practices,
corporate unaccountability, lack of financial disclosure and questionable
management practices created an atmosphere cogently suggesting financial
impropriety. On 20 July 2005, the Minister of Health, Mr Khaw Boon Wan,
announced in Parliament that the new NKF Board had appointed an accounting
firm, KPMG, to commission a detailed review of the NKF’s financial controls;
see s 59(1)[(d)] of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). To associate or
link the institutions (and in particular the CPF) with the NKF, as it was then
perceived, is to tarnish them with financial impropriety and sully their
standing and integrity. Such an association does not merely allege
impropriety. It was a patent attempt to scandalize the institutions and their
management by association. Leaving aside for present purposes the question as
to whether the words are per se defamatory of these corporate entities and/or
their management, the issue is whether these words are prima facie insulting
and/or abusive within the meaning of ss13A and/or 13B of the [Miscellaneous
Offences Act]._

[original in italics]

17\. The facts and circumstances relating to the Protest, including those set
out herein, were extensively reported in the local print and broadcast media
and were widely known in Singapore.

29 The averments in the LHL action in respect of the NKF Saga were reproduced
in paras 17 to 21 of the statement of claim in the LKY action. The defendants
likewise admitted the facts alleged in those paragraphs. In addition, they did
not dispute that it was a matter of general knowledge that: (a) LKY had
successfully obtained damages and apologies in previous defamation actions
against persons who, _inter alia_ , had made allegations of nepotism and/or
corruption against him; and (b) CSJ had issued an apology pursuant to one such
defamation suit brought by LKY in 2001 (“the CSJ Suit”). The salient matters
concerning the CSJ Suit were described in paras 12 to 16 of the statement of
claim filed in the LKY action as follows:

12\. The Plaintiff has at various times sued for defamation (the “**Defamation
Actions** ”). A list of a number of the Defamation Actions, the relevant
defendants, the gist of the allegations in each of the Defamation Actions and
the result of the proceedings is set out at Annex A. Among the Defamation
Actions is Suit No. 1459 of 2001 (the **“CSJ Suit”**). The Plaintiff has also
successfully obtained damages and/or apologies from others where _,_ inter
alia, allegations of nepotism and/or corruption were made against him.

13\. In the CSJ Suit, the Plaintiff sued CSJ for defamation in respect of
CSJ’s allegations that the Plaintiff is dishonest, unfit for office and had
misled Parliament. After the Plaintiff issued his letter of demand, the
Plaintiff and CSJ entered into a compromise (the **“Compromise”**) on the
following terms:

(a) CSJ would publish an apology (the **“Apology”**) at his expense with
appropriate prominence in the Straits Times and the Today newspaper by 3
November 2001;

(b) CSJ would read out the Apology at an SDP election rally no later than 10
p.m. on 2 November 2001;

(c) CSJ would make an offer of damages to the Plaintiff by 10 a.m. on 2
November 2001 and compensate the Plaintiff by way of damages;

(d) CSJ would indemnify the Plaintiff in respect of costs incurred by the
Plaintiff in connection with the CSJ Suit; and

(e) In consideration of the above, the Plaintiff would agree not to ask for
the full damages that he would otherwise be entitled to.

14\. On 31 October 2001, CSJ read out an apology (the **“Apology”**) to the
Plaintiff at an SDP rally. The Apology read:

_1\. On Sunday 28 October 2001, during a walkabout at Jurong GRC and, later,
at a rally at Nee Soon Central, I made certain statements which were
understood to mean that Senior Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew is dishonest and unfit
for office because_

_(a) Mr Lee Kuan Yew concealed from Parliament and the public and/or
deliberately misled Parliament in relation to, a $17 billion loan made to
Indonesia; and_

_(b) Mr Lee Kuan Yew’s continued evasion of the issue was because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transactions._

_2\. I admit and acknowledge that I had no basis for making these allegations
and that they are false and untrue._

_3\. I, Chee Soon Juan, do hereby unreservedly withdraw these allegations and
apologise to Mr Lee Kuan Yew for the distress and embarrassment caused to him
by my false and baseless allegations._

_4\. I hereby also undertake not to make any further allegations or statements
to the same or similar effect. I also wish to state that I have agreed to pay
Mr Lee Kuan Yew damages by way of compensation and to indemnify him for all
costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with this matter._

_(Signed)  
Chee Soon Juan_

[original in italics]

15\. CSJ published the Apology in the 2 November 2001 editions of the Straits
Times and the Today newspapers. CSJ also expressly undertook to the Plaintiff
not to make “any further allegations or statements to the same or similar
effect” (“**CSJ’s Undertaking** ”).

16\. The facts and circumstances relating to the Defamation Actions and the
CSJ Suit were extensively reported in the local print and broadcast media and
were widely known in Singapore.

_(b) Whether the Disputed Words referred to the plaintiffs_

30 The burden was on the plaintiffs to establish that the Disputed Words were
published of and concerned LHL and LKY.

31 The defendants denied that the Disputed Words either referred to the
plaintiffs or would be understood to refer to LHL and LKY. They argued that
the English Article (and hence the Disputed Words) referred “to the entire
Government and the system of non-transparent and non-accountable
governance”[note: 1] which the PAP, as the dominant ruling party, had built up
over the years. References in the English Words to the PAP and the Government
related to these bodies as independent entities, and not to LHL and LKY in
their personal capacity. If at all, LKY was referred to descriptively by name
only twice in the English Words in a limited context, namely:

(a) he was mentioned as the chairman of the GIC; and

(b) he was named as having regularly sued his politically opponents.

32 The defendants further submitted that the people of Singapore have the
capacity to, and in fact generally do distinguish the Government and the PAP
from the plaintiffs. In fact, a leading member of the Government had himself
understood the English Article to refer to the Government as an independent
entity, as evinced by the report in _The Straits Times_ (24 April 2006) in
which Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong had remarked that the English Article
defamed the Government.

33 On these grounds, the defendants argued that the question of who was the
proper plaintiff in the present actions was an issue that should be tried. In
any case, so the defendants’ argument developed, the Government cannot sue for
defamation. The defendants cited the English case of _Derbyshire County
Council v Times Newspapers_ [1993] AC 534 (“ _Derbyshire_ ”) in support of
their proposition that a government or public body cannot be defamed and,
hence, cannot sue for defamation. The defendants pointed out that _Derbyshire_
had not been raised or canvassed in Singapore before either the High Court or
the Court of Appeal. They contended that since there is authority that a
government cannot sue for defamation, it is questionable whether individual
members within a government have _locus standi_ to sue.

34 In deciding whether the Disputed Words were published of and concerning the
plaintiffs, the question I had to decide was one of reference: Are the
Disputed Words capable of being understood to refer to LHL and LKY? As the
defendants rightly observed, LHL was not named at all in the Disputed Words,
while LKY was referred to by name in only some passages of the English Article
(see [31] above).

35 It could not be disputed that the present actions were not brought by the
Government. Instead, they were brought by two individuals suing not in their
official capacity, but as private citizens who were concerned that their
individual reputation had been tarnished by the publication of the Disputed
Words and who had thence separately brought these proceedings for defamation.
Like any other ordinary citizens, politicians too have the same recourse to
the courts to protect their reputation, especially when defamatory statements
about the Government or any political institution are capable of being
understood to be referring to them. There are cases in which the language used
is intended to refer to a body or class of persons so much so that every
individual member of the body or class so referred to (whether expressly,
impliedly or inferentially) may have a cause of action. This legal principle
was affirmed by VK Rajah J in _Chee Siok Chin v Minister of Home Affairs_
[2006] 1 SLR 582 where _Derbyshire_ was considered at [68]:

The case [_Derbyshire_], however, makes it clear that the decision itself does
not affect the right of an individual member or officer of a government body
to sue if the statement about the body is capable of being interpreted as
referring to the individual. Indeed, the ability of the individual to sue
seems to be regarded as a reason for denying such a right to the body: _Gatley
on Libel and Slander_ [Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2004] at para 8.20.

36 The Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1998] 1 SLR 97
rejected the proposition that _Derbyshire_ restricts the rights of individuals
who hold public office to sue for libel. The appellate court said:

[116] Clearly these two cases [_Derbyshire_ and _City of Chicago v Tribune Co_
(1923) 139 NE 86] are distinguishable from the instant case. In each of the
two cases the party suing was a public authority and as a matter of policy the
laws in those jurisdictions do not permit such an authority to bring an action
for libel. In the case before us, the plaintiffs are individuals suing as
private citizens. None of them brought the action in their official capacity.
Even under English law, a prime minister or a minister in office may sue in
their private capacity for damages in respect of defamation matters published
of them and depending on the circumstances may recover substantial damages. Mr
Gray himself realises this crucial difference because, in the next breath, he
says that Mr Tang ‘is not arguing that politicians should forfeit the right to
protect their reputations by means of libel actions’.

[117] As Mr Gray concedes, politicians, like any other citizens, do not
forfeit the protection of their reputations merely because they have entered
the political arena and assumed high offices. Freedom of expression is
perfectly legitimate so long as it does not encroach upon the realm of
defamation. On this point, we repeat what this court said in _Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 2 SLR 310 at p 332:

It ... cannot be disputed that the freedom of speech and expression provided
in art 14 is not absolute or totally unrestricted. Certainly Mr Gray is not
disputing this, and is not contending that the appellant under art 14 has the
right to say ‘anything’. An absolute or unrestricted right of free speech
would result in persons recklessly maligning others with impunity and the
exercise of such a right would do the public more harm than good. Every person
has a right to reputation and that right ought to be protected by law,
Accordingly, a balance has to be maintained between the right of free speech
on the one hand, and the right to protection of reputation on the other. The
law of defamation protects such right to reputation, and, as we have shown, it
was undoubtedly intended by the framers of our Constitution that the right of
free speech should be subject to such law.

[118] Accordingly, if a person chooses to defame another or others, he must
pay for the consequences with damages to be assessed according to the
prevailing law. Any argument which calls for a reduction or moderation of
damages purely on the basis that the successful plaintiff is a politician, say
a minister, or that the case has a political flavour is untenable and wrong.
To accept such a contention is to allow a person more latitude to make
defamatory remarks of such personality and to escape with lesser consequences
for the defamation he committed. Such a result, if permitted, would be in
violation of art 12(1) of our Constitution ...

[119] No one is free to defame with impunity another person irrespective of
whether such person is a politician or ordinary citizen. Freedom of expression
comes with responsibility, and a breach of such responsibility would be
visited with consequences ... sometimes serious consequences.

37 Consequently, as Mr Singh rightly submitted, if the individual reputations
of members of the Government are wronged by a publication, any of these
members can, in his personal capacity, bring proceedings for defamation. In
the context of the present actions, it means that if the Disputed Words would
reasonably be understood as having been published of each member of the
current Government, then LHL and LKY, as individual members of the Government,
may sue as they each have a cause of action.

(i) Reference to LHL

38 I was satisfied that the ordinary reader would have understood the Disputed
Words as importing a reference to LHL. On the defendants’ own contention,
these words referred to the Government of the day. It is indisputable that LHL
is the individual who is leading the present Government, in contrast to LKY
who is the individual who led the Government in the past “for decades”.

39 Dealing first with the English Words, they posed the question: “Is not
power in Singapore centred around one party, if not one individual?” The
ordinary reader would be aware that the “one party” is the PAP, and that the
“one individual” must be the person at the top, namely, the secretary-general
of the party and the Prime Minister of Singapore – _ie_ LHL. Another passage
in the English Article concerned criticisms against certain cabinet members
over the NFK “scandal” and stated that “someone must be held accountable over
the whole sordid NKF affair. However, real accountability starts much higher
up.” In context, that statement is referable to LHL as he is the only one
“much higher up” than the cabinet members; he was also the person in charge of
the Government at the time the NFK Saga became public. The English Words
further mentioned that officials of the PAP “starting from Mr Lee Kuan Yew on
down, regularly sue their political opponents” like Tang Liang Hong. LHL is an
official of the PAP and he has sued Tang Liang Hong on three occasions.

40 The Chinese Words were likewise referable to LHL. The Chinese Article spoke
of the “so-called elites [sic]” of the PAP. It then went on to criticise
various national institutions and pointed the finger of blame at “a higher
level in the government” than cabinet ministers. The ordinary reader would
understand the clear message that it was LHL - the head of the Government and
part of the “elite” at a “higher level in the government” than cabinet
ministers - who was being referred to.

41 As for the Photograph, its subject matter was the protestors wearing
T-shirts and holding up a placard. The ordinary reader would know that LHL, as
Prime Minister, is the person ultimately responsible for the custody and
management of the national reserves and of government institutions such as the
GIC, the HDB and the CPF Board. As such, I was satisfied that the Photograph
also referred to LHL. Separately, the defendants in their written submissions
had acknowledged that “the comments made about HDB and CPF relate to present
concerns”[note: 2] and that, in the context of their argument, was plainly
referable to LHL as the Prime Minister of the day.

(ii) Reference to LKY

42 To the extent that LKY was named in the English Article, readers would of
course have taken those parts of the article to be referring to LKY. I
accepted Mr Singh’s submissions that the references in the English Words to a
“system engineered over the decades by the PAP” were plainly references to LKY
as he was the only Prime Minister, as well as the only secretary-general of
the PAP, to have held office “over the decades”. The reference to “[t]he cases
of Mr J B Jeyaretnam, Mr Tang Liang Hong and Dr Chee Soon Juan” was, _inter
alia_ , a reference to the previous defamation actions filed by LKY, suits
that were a matter of general knowledge as the defendants themselves admitted
(see [29] above). The Chinese Words were likewise referable to LKY. They
mentioned a “system that the People’s Action Party has moulded over the
decades” for the benefit of the "so-called elites [sic]” of the PAP. The
ordinary reader would naturally conclude that LKY is certainly one of the
“elite” referred to.

43 The Photograph provides the ordinary reader with yet another reference to
LKY due to the inscriptions on the T-shirts depicted therein (see [26] above).
It is a matter of general knowledge that LKY is the chairman of the GIC. His
chairmanship was also expressly stated in the English Words. CSC and CSJ did
not deny that it is a matter of general knowledge that LKY and the prime
ministers who succeeded him had devised policies in connection with national
issues such as housing and wages, which policies have been implemented by
institutions such as the HDB and the CPF Board. However, the defendants
disagreed that LKY was being referred to by the inscriptions “HDB” and “CPF”
on the protestors’ T-shirts. They submitted[note: 3]:

(d) It may be a matter of general knowledge that the Government, while under
the leadership of [LKY], devised policies in connection with housing and wages
which were implemented by the HDB and the CPF Board. However, many years have
passed since [LKY] retired from the position of Prime Minister, and the
comments made about HDB and CPF relate to present concerns.

(e) It may be a matter of general knowledge, as stated by [LKY] in paragraph
26 of his Affidavit in Support of the Application for Summary Judgment, that
the HDB and CPF are statutory boards controlled by and are accountable to the
Government. However, neither the HDB nor the CPF is controlled by or
accountable to [LKY].

44 The defendants’ contentions reproduced above in [43] are not counterpoints
to the issue of reference. Not only are these arguments inherently
inconsistent, but the defendants have also admitted that the HDB and the CPF
Board are controlled by and are accountable to the _present_ Government, of
which LKY is a member and LHL is the head of the Government. In this regard, I
agreed with Mr Singh that the defendants’ position that the Disputed Words
referred to the Government actually assisted LHL and, to a limited degree,
LKY.

_(c) The natural and ordinary meaning of the Disputed Words_

45 I now turn to the question of what interpretation ordinary, reasonable
readers would have placed upon the references to LHL and LKY in the Disputed
Words. The burden rests on the plaintiffs to establish that, on a balance of
probabilities, the passages which they complained of were defamatory of them
individually in the sense that the passages bore the defamatory meanings
contended for by LHL and LKY respectively.

46 The principles applicable in determining the natural and ordinary meaning
of the words complained of in a defamation action are settled. The natural and
ordinary meaning may be either the literal meaning or an implied, inferred or
indirect meaning. It is a meaning that does not require the support of
extrinsic facts surpassing the general knowledge of the ordinary reader. As
Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest in the Privy Council’s decision in _Jones v
Skelton_ [1963] 3 All ER 952 explained at 958:

The ordinary and natural meaning of words may be either the literal meaning or
it may be an implied or inferred or an indirect meaning: any meaning that does
not require the support of extrinsic facts passing beyond general knowledge
but is a meaning which is capable of being detected in the language used can
be a part of the ordinary and natural meaning of words…The ordinary and
natural meaning may therefore include any implication or inference which a
reasonable reader guided not by any special but only by general knowledge and
not fettered by any strict legal rules of construction would draw from the
words ...

These legal principles were reiterated by the Court of Appeal in _Microsoft_
_Corp v SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ ([18] _supra_) at [53] as follows:

The court decides what meaning the words would have conveyed to an ordinary,
reasonable person using his general knowledge and common sense: _Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Goh Chok Tong_ [1984-1985] SLR 516 ... The test is an
objective one: it is the natural and ordinary meaning as understood by an
ordinary, reasonable person, not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal. The
meaning intended by the maker of the defamatory statement is irrelevant.
Similarly, the sense in which the words were actually understood by the party
alleged to have been defamed is also irrelevant. Nor is extrinsic evidence
admissible in construing the words. The meaning must be gathered from the
words themselves and in the context of the entire passage in which they are
set out. The court is not confined to the literal or strict meaning of the
words, but takes into account what the ordinary, reasonable person may
reasonably infer from the words. The ordinary, reasonable person reads between
the lines...

(i) The plaintiffs’ interpretation

47 The plaintiffs’ contentions as to the ordinary and natural meaning of the
Disputed Words centred on three areas: (a) the role played by LHL and LKY
respectively in Singapore’s political system; (b) the previous defamation
actions brought by the plaintiffs; and (c) the plaintiffs’ involvement in the
governance of government institutions such as the GIC, the HDB and the CPF
Board.

48 LHL’s contention was that the Disputed Words, read in their proper context,
would in their natural and ordinary meaning have been understood to bear the
defamatory meanings pleaded in para 26 of the statement of claim in the LHL
action, which reads as follows:

[26] The Words, by themselves or read together with the Photograph, in their
natural and ordinary meaning, meant and were understood to [mean] that the
Plaintiff is dishonest and unfit for office because:

(a) the Plaintiff, as Prime Minister, has perpetuated a corrupt political
system for the benefit of the political elite;

(b) the Plaintiff and his Government had access to the information which has
since been unearthed about NKF but corruptly concealed and covered up the
facts to avoid criticism;

(c) the defamatory allegations made against the Plaintiff which were the
subject of the Defamation Action were true and that the Defamation Action was
brought not to vindicate the Plaintiff’s reputation but to suppress
allegations which were true and which the Plaintiff knew to be true;

(d) as the allegations in the Defamation Action were true, the Plaintiff is
guilty of corruption, nepotism, criminal conduct, a cover up and of advancing
the interests of the Lee family at the expense of the needs of Singapore; and

(e) there is corruption in institutions such as the Housing Development Board,
the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation and the Central Provident
Fund, and the Plaintiff condones or permits it.

49 As for LKY, his contention was that the Disputed Words, read in their
proper context, would have conveyed to the ordinary, reasonable person the
defamatory meanings pleaded in para 33 of the statement of claim for the LKY
action, namely:

[33] The Words, by themselves or read together with the Photograph, in context
and in their natural and ordinary meaning, meant and were understood to [mean]
that the Plaintiff is dishonest and unfit for office because:

(a) the Plaintiff devised a corrupt political system for the benefit of the
political elite;

(b) the defamatory allegations made against the Plaintiff which were the
subject of the Defamation Actions against among others, Mr J.B. Jeyaretnam, Mr
Tang Liang Hong and CSJ were true and those actions were brought not to
vindicate the Plaintiff’s reputation but to suppress allegations which were
true and which the Plaintiff knew to be true;

(c) as the defamatory allegations were true, the Plaintiff is guilty of
corruption, nepotism, criminal conduct, and dishonesty, had advanced the
interests of his family at the expense of the needs of Singapore, had misled
Parliament and had covered his tracks to avoid criticism; and

(d) the Plaintiff has managed the GIC in a corrupt manner.

(ii) The defendants’ interpretation

50 The defendants merely denied that the Disputed Words bore the meanings set
out in [48] and [49] above. Notably, they offered no alternative meaning in
either the amended defence or the joint affidavit filed in the O 14 Summonses.

51 In respect of the plaintiffs’ role in Singapore’s political system, the
defendants argued that there was no allegation, whether explicit or implicit,
that LKY had devised, and LHL perpetuated “a corrupt political system for the
benefit of the political elite” as alleged in the statement of claim. For one,
the phrase “corrupt political system” was never used in either the English
Article or the Chinese Article. Furthermore, this expression bore a
connotation of illegality and dishonesty, but there was nothing in the
Disputed Words which alleged that LHL and LKY had ever acted dishonestly or
inconsistently with the laws of Singapore.

52 Where the previous defamation actions brought by the plaintiffs were
concerned, the defendants claimed that the Disputed Words did not mean that
the subject matter of those suits were true; neither did the words imply that
LHL and LKY had initiated those defamation actions to suppress allegations
which they knew to be true, instead of to vindicate their reputations. They
contended that[note: 4]:

It is arguable that the apparently disapproving reference to the Plaintiff’s
Defamation Actions (by rhetorical linkage to the Durai defamation suit, and by
enclosure of the word ‘victorious’ in inverted commas) is derived from
political and moral beliefs about the necessity of taking legal action in
certain circumstances, rather than a belief that the defamatory allegations
were actually true.

53 As for the plaintiffs’ role in government institutions such as the GIC,
where LKY was concerned, the defendants argued that the Disputed Words did not
bear the ordinary and natural meaning that LKY had managed the GIC in a
corrupt manner. An organisation, so they submitted, might have good reasons
for operating in secrecy. It did not logically follow that any organisation
which operated in secrecy was corrupt. Lack of transparency might create
practical problems in some circumstances, but it did not amount to corruption,
nor could it be said that the chairman of a secretive organisation was
necessarily managing it in a corrupt manner. The words printed on the T-shirts
depicted in the Photograph did not, in their ordinary and natural meaning,
indicate that the GIC and the other institutions named therein were managed in
a corrupt (as opposed to a secretive) manner. The substance of the protestors'
complaint related solely to transparency and did not convey the meaning
attributed by the plaintiffs. Notably, the defendants did not say anything
specifically about LHL in relation to the GIC, the HDB and the CPF Board.
Without elaborating, they adopted and applied all that was said about LKY to
LHL.

54 On the basis of the above arguments (which were expressly stated in their
written submissions to apply to the LHL action and the LKY action equally),
the defendants submitted that the determination of the ordinary and natural
meaning of the Disputed Words was a matter which should go to trial. The
defendants added that the views expressed by members of the local community,
as evidenced by political discussions on the Internet among bloggers, were (so
the defendants claimed) overwhelmingly negative of the political system
created and maintained by the PAP. The defendants submitted that they were
entitled to call these bloggers to testify on their understanding of the
meaning of the Disputed Words, and this was another reason militating against
entering summary judgment for the plaintiffs.

55 I pause here to make two observations. First, the defendants’ invocation of
the views of bloggers was misconceived. Extrinsic evidence of what bloggers
think is inadmissible in construing the Disputed Words: see _Microsoft Corp v
SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ ([18] _supra_) and _A Balakrishnan v Nirumalan K
Pillay_ [1999] 3 SLR 22 at [29]. Second, the defendants’ response to para 26
of the statement of claim in the LHL action and para 33 of the statement of
claim in the LKY action was essentially to set out their version of what the
words were intended to mean. Again, this is irrelevant in law. It is how the
Disputed Words would be understood by the ordinary, reasonable person using
his general knowledge and common sense, and not how they were meant by the
defendants, which is important.

(iii) Approach and conclusion to the issue of meaning

56 As mentioned above at [45], my task was to arrive at the meaning or
meanings which the ordinary, reasonable reader of _The New Democrat Issue 1_ ,
reading the English Article and/or the Chinese Article, whether with or
without the Photograph, would have placed on the Disputed Words in their
context. In doing so, I looked not only at the Disputed Words themselves, but
also at the whole of the English Article and the translation in English of the
Chinese Article. This is because the ordinary, reasonable reader’s
understanding as to what is being conveyed about the plaintiffs by the
Disputed Words will be derived from a reading of the articles, either singly
or collectively.

57 Adopting this approach, I was satisfied that the Disputed Words bore the
ordinary and natural meanings asserted by the plaintiffs as a result of
“defamation by implication”. This type of defamation arises when the reader is
invited to compare a person with another disreputable individual, for example,
a historical or fictional figure perceived to be treacherous. Mr Singh cited
as an example the Malaysian case of _Hasnul bin Abdul Hadi v Bulat bin
Mohamed_ [1978] 1 MLJ 75. There, the Malacca High Court held that it was
defamatory to describe the plaintiff as “Abu Jahal”, who was one of the chief
enemies of Prophet Mohamed and a person of detestable qualities. The judge
observed:

[A] defamatory imputation can be conveyed by a comparison of a person’s
character and transactions with those of any treacherous, disgusting, odious,
disreputable or contemptible person, eg, to liken a man to Judas ... I agree …
that “Abu Jahal” may be used to denote a Muslim who has one of the qualities,
character and attitude of …a person who tells lies and [who believes] that
“one of the ways of disrupting the good work of another would be by telling
lies against him.”…

58 In the present actions, at the time the Disputed Words were published, the
NKF had, in the defendants’ own words[note: 5], become:

_bywords for corruption, financial impropriety and the knowing abuse of
unmeritorious defamation suits ..._ [emphasis added]

Mention the words “NKF” and “Durai” in the same article, and the mind of the
ordinary, reasonable reader, with the ordinary man’s general knowledge, will
naturally turn to the financial abuses and improprieties in the NKF during
Durai’s tenure as its Chief Executive Officer. According to the English
Article, Durai was able to conceal these financial “shenanigans” because he
ran the NKF in an “autocratic” manner and kept everything “shrouded in
secrecy”. Furthermore, Durai exploited defamation law to silence the NKF’s
critics. As an example of this, the English Article cited the NKF’s suits in
1997 and 1998 against Mr Archie Ong (“Mr Ong”) and Ms Tan Kiat Noi (“Ms Tan”)
respectively. The article alleged that Mr Ong and Ms Tan “capitulated” as they
were “[u]nable to fight the huge sums of money involved in a defamation suit”.
It was not till the NKF Suit in 2005 (see [28] above) that “[t]he truth
spilled [_sic_] out” – _viz_ , “Mr Ong and Ms Tan were right. The only thing
they were guilty of was that they were not rich enough to fight Mr Durai in
court.”

59 The point made by the English Article is that (a) there were truly
financial abuses in the NKF, including instances of “NKF officials ... paying
themselves obscenely high salaries and bonuses, and flying first class on
business trips”; and (b) in order to suppress allegations of such abuses,
which allegations he knew to be true, Durai brought defamation actions against
critics of the NKF. The English Article then invites the reader to associate
the NKF's _modus operandi_ with that of the PAP by posing the pointed
question: “Doesn’t this remind you of the PAP?”. Another pointed question,
which linked the PAP to the NKF, this time in the context of the PAP
“monopolizing power and making sure that no one has the means to challenge
that hold on power”, was this: “[A]re we not witnessing the NKF but on a
larger and national scale?”. The English Article concludes that

… Singaporeans will never know what is going on behind the scenes and
officials, like Mr Durai and the PAP will continue to use their “victorious”
lawsuits as a measure of competence and absence of wrong-doing.

60 The Chinese Article was likewise replete with numerous comparisons between
the NKF and the PAP. For instance, it likened the way in which Durai ran the
NKF with the way the PAP runs the present Government by asserting that “the
National Kidney Foundation is not an accidental event under the PAP system. It
is precisely a product of the PAP system.” The Photograph was no different.
The T-shirts and placard captured in the Photograph drew an “Abu Jahal”- type
of association between, on one hand, the persons responsible for devising the
policies of the HDB, the CPF Board and the GIC and, on the other hand, the
NKF's discredited management.

61 In my view, the sting in the Disputed Words lies in the way they highlight
the commonality between the PAP-led Government and the NKF, namely, lack of
transparency and lack of accountability. By this, the Disputed Words imply
that the PAP and the political elite are not transparent about the finances of
the government and government institutions such as the GIC because they want
to conceal their financial improprieties, just as Durai erected a shroud of
secrecy around the NKF in order to hide its management’s pecuniary abuses.
This is evidenced by the stand first on page 5 of the English Article that
highlighted the impossibility of not noticing “the striking resemblance
between how the NKF operated and how the PAP runs Singapore. It would take
someone foolishly blind not to be concerned with how our financial reserves
and CPF savings are dealt with. Here are the similarities”. The stand first as
well as the suggestive statement in the text box on the same page of the
English Article, “If you think the running of NKF was bad, read this…” (see
[22] above), blatantly invite and encourage the ordinary, reasonable reader to
indulge in some degree of conjecture about the financial improprieties
practised by and in the PAP-led Government.

62 The English Article goes on to state that this system of non-accountable,
non-transparent governance, which has been “engineered over the decades by the
PAP”, represents “what a “democratic society, based on justice and equality”
should not be”. A similar statement is made in the Chinese Article, which
asserts, _inter alia_ , that “the system that the People’s Action Party has
moulded over the decades ... is the extreme opposite of the justice and
impartiality advocated by a democratic society”. As explained above at [42],
LKY is the only individual to have led the Government for “decades”. As such,
the ordinary, reasonable reader would understand the English Words and the
Chinese Words as implying that LKY had systemically set up a political system
which is inconsistent with the ethos of justice and equality encapsulated in
our national pledge – in other words, “a corrupt political system for the
benefit of the political elite” as pleaded in the statement of claim.
Similarly, since LHL is the leader of the present Government, the ordinary
reader would also reasonably infer from the English Words and the Chinese
Words that he has “perpetuated” the corrupt political system put in place by
LKY. In addition, by drawing parallels between the PAP-led Government and the
NKF under Durai’s management, the English Article conveys to the ordinary
reader the broad impression that the “benefit” enjoyed by the “political
elite” under this “corrupt political system” consists of financial gains. This
is because the NKF was, in the defendants’ own words, a byword for
“corruption, financial impropriety and the knowing abuse of unmeritorious
defamation suits” at the time the English Article was published. In essence,
by highlighting the ‘striking resemblance’ between how the NKF operated and
how the PAP runs Singapore, the defendants have, by their publication of these
words, all but directly accused the plaintiffs of being dishonest. In the
circumstances, the ordinary, reasonable reader would take these words as
meaning that both LHL and LKY are dishonest and unfit for public office.

63 The ordinary, reasonable reader would also conclude that the plaintiffs
have been dishonest in another respect – namely, in suing their critics for
defamation despite knowing such criticisms to be true, thereby effectively
suppressing financial abuses and improprieties in the Government in the same
way as Durai used defamation suits to stop the abuses and excesses in the NKF
from being made known to the public. The sting here is that LHL and LKY
brought the earlier defamation actions (referred to in para 12 of the
Statement of Claim for both the LHL action and the LKY action) not to
vindicate their reputations but to suppress allegations which were true and
which they knew to be true. What is damaging is the insinuation that even
though LHL and LKY knew that their successful claims in these defamation
actions were not genuine victories (as was the case with Durai in his suits
against Mr Ong and Ms Tan: see [58] above), they nonetheless dishonestly
continued to wear their “victorious” lawsuits as a badge of their “competence
and absence of wrong-doing”. In other words, as the NKF Saga starkly
illustrated, the plaintiffs’ and the rest of the political elite’s “use, or
rather abuse of defamation laws in this country has led to a situation where
wrong-doings cannot be exposed”.

**_The defences relied on_**

64 In paras 7 and 8 of the amended defence in both the LHL action and the LKY
action, the defendants pleaded that if the Disputed Words were defamatory of
the plaintiffs, the Words:

(a) were “substantially true and related to matters of public interest”;

(b) were “published under qualified privilege”;

(c) amounted to “fair comments relating to matters of public interest and
based on proper material for comment”;

(d) were “published contextually to each other, and by reason of the
substantial truth of each imputation found to be justified, any imputation
found not to be justified did not further injure the reputation of the
Plaintiff[s]”.

65 I found no merit in these arguments. As Mr Singh rightly noted, paras 7 and
8 of the amended defence in both actions were drafted in terms of the New
South Wales Defamation Act 1974 which is inapplicable in Singapore. On this
ground alone, the defence pleaded by the defendants fails _in limine_.

66 Apart from that, there was, in my view, a distinct lack of pleaded facts to
support any of the common law defences of justification, qualified privilege
and fair comment. If the defendants did intend to raise these defences, they
did so merely by way of bare assertions in the amended defence, and nothing
substantive was added by either the defendants’ joint affidavit for the O 14
summonses or their written submissions. There was, therefore, nothing in the
defendants’ case which sufficed as a basis for granting them leave to defend.

_(a) Defence of justification_

67 As mentioned at [66] above, the defendants’ case on justification was
devoid of pleaded facts. Paragraph 8 of the amended defence in both the LHL
action and the LKY action listed various topics which are allegedly of “public
interest”, namely:

(i) The governance of the State of Singapore;

(ii) The performance of the PAP as the governing party in the parliament of
Singapore;

(iii) The performance of the Plaintiff as Prime Minister of Singapore[note:
6];

(iv) The NKF scandal;

(v) The use by PAP politicians of defamation litigation against political
opponents;

(vi) Free speech;

(vii) Issue of whether there is corruption or perception of it in boards and
corporations of the Singapore government;

(viii) Administration of public institutions or organisations subject to the
control and/or supervision of the Singapore government;

(ix) Administration of the GIC;

(x) The public’s right to information concerning the investments of the GIC;

(xi) The financial affairs of the CPF;

(xii) The performance of the mass media in Singapore.

68  The above approach does not satisfy the requirements of O 78 r 3(2), which
states that a defendant wishing to rely on the pleas of justification and fair
comment

... must give particulars stating which of the words complained of he alleges
are statements of fact and of the facts and matters he relies on in support of
the allegation that the words are true.

Particulars are crucial when justification is pleaded as the issues to be
tried under this plea are limited to the matters referred to in the
particulars (see _Aaron v Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 1 SLR 623).  ~~~~

69 Essentially, all that the defendants offered in support of their plea of
justification was this: at para 29 of their joint affidavit, they brazenly
maintained that the LHL action and the LKY action “cannot necessarily show
that there is no corruption within the Government” because "[i]t took several
years before [Mr] Ong and [Ms] Tan were shown to be right in their criticism
of Durai". Given such a scenario, they rhetorically asked: “[Is] it not
premature to say that, given the opacity of the PAP system, that the
comparison between the NKF and the Government is unwarranted and defamatory?”
In their written submissions, the defendants reiterated that it was premature
to say that the comparison of the Government to the NKF was unwarranted and
defamatory. By maintaining that such a conclusion was “premature” the
defendants all but admitted that they had no evidence which could remotely
justify the Disputed Words.

70 The lack of particulars aside, the defendants’ case was deficient in
another aspect. It was incumbent on the defendants to inform the plaintiffs
and the court as to the meaning or meanings which they were seeking to
justify. This, the defendants failed to do. As I noted above at [50], in their
amended defence, the defendants merely denied that the Disputed Words bore the
meanings ascribed by the plaintiffs, but did not offer any alternative
interpretation of these words. There was also nothing in their joint affidavit
or their written submissions which made good this omission.

_(b) Defence of fair comment_

71 The defendants’ plea of fair comment was likewise lacking in particulars.
At para 8 of the amended defence for the LHL action and the LKY action
respectively, the defendants referred to the “matters of notoriety concerning
the subjects of public interest” listed in [67] above and to “facts stated in
the matters complained of”. I regarded such generalisation and vagueness as
symptomatic of a sham defence. To raise the defence of fair comment, the
defendants had to plead with particularity the very comments which they say
form their fair comment defence. The defendants did not do so. Furthermore,
their pleadings did not set out, either expressly or impliedly, the precise
facts based on which the comments in dispute were made. This was fatal to the
defendants’ case because for the defence of fair comment to prevail, the
comment must be based on facts that exist. If the facts purportedly relied on
by the maker of the comment do not exist, the defence of fair comment fails.
The defendants as much as admitted that they had no facts which could support
the assertions contained in the Disputed Words when they stated in their
written submissions that a trial was necessary to enable some of the material
facts to emerge.

_(c) Qualified Privilege_

72 In their written submissions, the defendants described the English Article
as[note: 7]:

a publication on matters of public interest or of sufficient importance to the
public. It raises the concern of why the NKF could have been run … in a
corrupt and ruinous fashion without any action by the government and why
action was only taken to uncover all these improprieties after NKF failed in
its suit against SPH [Singapore Press Holdings Limited]. It expresses concern
about the system of governance in Singapore and about the ways in which HDB,
CPF and GIC are run. These are certainly matters of public concern.

It was argued that the publication of the Disputed Words to the world at large
attracted qualified privilege because the defendants, “as participants in the
electoral process [and/or] as members of the SDP”, had a duty to publish the
words and the public had a corresponding interest to receive the words because
they concerned “matters of public interest”. The defendants’ argument is a
distortion of the law. The mere fact that a publication relates to “political
information” or “matters of serious public concern” does not entail that
qualified privilege therefore attaches to its dissemination to the world at
large.

73 The defendants must plead the special facts giving rise to the occasion of
qualified privilege, as there is no general media privilege at common law. In
_Aaron v Cheong Yip Seng_ ([68] _supra_), the Court of Appeal stated that
“[t]he law does not recognise an interest in the public strong enough to give
rise generally to a duty to communicate in the press; such a duty has been
held to exist on _special facts”_ [emphasis added]. The requisite standard for
“special facts” is, so the Court of Appeal held in _Chen Cheng v Central
Christian Church_ [1999] 1 SLR 94, “an onerous one”. The court quoted as
examples of “special facts” those given in _Blackshaw v Lord_ [1984] QB 1 at
27 (_eg_ where there is danger to the public from a suspected terrorist or the
distribution of contaminated food or drugs). Moreover, our courts have not
regarded information on political and government matters as “special facts”:
see _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 2 SLR 310 (at [81]
below). In any case, since the defendants did not in their pleadings or their
joint affidavit establish any “special facts” which could give rise to
qualified privilege, they were unable to show that the Disputed Words were
published on an occasion of qualified privilege.

74 For completeness, I now turn to the three cases cited by the defendants.
They are _Reynolds v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [2001] 2 AC 127 (“ _Reynolds_ ”),
_Lange v Australian Broadcasting Corporation_ [1997] 145 ALR 96 ("_Lange v
ABC_ ") and _Lange v Atkinson_ [2000] 3 NZLR 385 (“ _Lange v Atkinson_ ”). The
defendants argued that the legal propositions set out in these cases should
apply in Singapore. I agreed with Mr Singh that none of the authorities were
of avail to the defendants as they do not represent the law in Singapore.
Besides, even if the defendants’ argument is accepted, I was of the view that
the amended defence and joint affidavit were devoid of facts which could
support a _Reynolds_ -type defence or a defence along the lines of _Lange v
ABC_ and _Lange v Atkinson_.

75 A _Reynolds_ -type defence does not require the existence of “special
facts” so long as “responsible journalism” is practised in the publication. As
stated at [73], that is not the law in Singapore. In _Reynolds_ , the
publishers of a newspaper were sued by the former Prime Minster of Ireland on
the grounds that the article in question imputed that the latter had
deliberately and dishonestly misled the Irish House of Representatives and his
coalition cabinet colleagues, especially the Deputy Prime Minister. The
defendant argued that a new category of privilege for the discussion of
“political information” ought to be recognised. The House of Lords rejected
this proposition and held that no generic privilege attached to publications
of “political information” or other matters of “serious public concern”, as
such a generic privilege would not provide adequate protection of reputation.
The House of Lords in _Reynolds_ was, however, influenced by Art 10 of the
European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedom
(“the European Convention”) and s 12 of the Human Rights Act 1998 (c 42) (UK),
which was then about to come into effect in England, into giving the media
more latitude in its reporting provided “responsible journalism” was
practised, consistent with the principles of freedom of expression: see
_Gatley on Libel & Slander_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 10th Ed, 2004) at para 14.84. It
is to be noted that Art 10 of the European Convention is by its terms
distinguishable from Art 14 of our Constitution (1999 Rev Ed). The Court of
Appeal in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ ([73] _supra_) noted at
330 to 331 that:

... The terms of art 14 of our Constitution differ materially ... from art 10
of the European Convention on Human Rights… [T]he right of free speech and
expression under cl 1(a) of art 14 is expressly subject to cl 2(a) of the same
article, and the latter provides that Parliament may by law impose on the
rights of free speech and expression conferred by cl 1(a) two categories of
restrictions: first, such restrictions as it considers _necessary and
expedient_ in the interest of the security of Singapore or any part thereof,
friendly relations with other countries, public order or morality; and second,
_restrictions designed_ to protect the privileges of Parliament or _to provide
against_ contempt of court, _defamation_ or incitement to any offence. While
the first category of restrictions must satisfy the test of necessity and
expediency in the interest of the various matters specified therein, the
second category of restrictions is not required to satisfy any such test.
Thus, Parliament is empowered to make laws to impose on the right of free
speech restrictions designed to provide against defamation. ... [I]t is true
that the wording in para 1 [of art 10 of the European Convention of Human
Rights] is similar to cl 1(a) of art 14. However, para 2 of art 10 is in no
way similar to cl 2 of art 14; para 2 provides that the exercise of the
freedom under para 1 is subject to ‘restrictions or penalties as are
prescribed by law and are _necessary_ in a democratic society … for the
protection of the reputation or rights of others…’. Clearly, the terms
allowing restrictions to be imposed under art 10(2) are not as wide as those
under art 14(2).

...

[I]t is implicit that the right of free speech under art 14 is subject to the
common law of defamation as modified by the Defamation Ordinance, now the
Defamation Act (Cap 75) ...

[emphasis in original]

76 I agreed with Mr Singh that given the Court of Appeal’s rejection of Art 10
of the European Convention, it is fairly clear that the _Reynolds_ position on
“responsible journalism” should not be followed and applied in Singapore.

77 The defendants also advocated that Singapore should adopt the decisions in
_Lange v ABC_ and _Lange v Atkinson_ ([74] _supra_). Both cases recognised a
special privilege for information relating to political and government
matters. Interestingly, the approach there was rejected by Lord Nicholls in
_Reynolds_ at 200 and 204:

The newspaper seeks the incremental development of the common law by the
creation of a new category of occasion when privilege derives from the subject
matter alone: political information. Political information can be broadly
defined…as information, opinion and arguments concerning government and
political matters that affect the people of the United Kingdom …

... The common law should not develop “political information” as a new
“subject matter” category of qualified privilege whereby the publication of
all such information would attract privilege, whatever the circumstances. That
would not provide adequate protection for reputation. Moreover, it would be
unsound in principle to distinguish political discussion from discussion of
other matters of serious public concern.

78 _Lange v ABC_ concerned the former Prime Minister of New Zealand. The
plaintiff alleged that the offending publication had conveyed, _inter alia_ ,
the imputations that: (a) he had, as Prime Minister, permitted big business
donors to dictate to the Government policies that would not otherwise have
been implemented by the Government; (b) he had abused his public office in
that he had attempted to arrange for a debt incurred by the New Zealand Labour
Party in the 1987 general election campaign to be written off by awarding
Government contracts to the creditors; (c) he had corruptly accepted gifts of
parcels of shares and profits on share trading transactions, in return for
permitting the maker of the gifts to influence Government policy in favour of
big business interests; (d) he had wrongfully allowed public assets to be sold
to New Zealand businessmen as repayment in kind for election funds donated to
the New Zealand Labour Party during the 1987 general election campaign; and
(e) he had disgraced the office of Prime Minister of New Zealand by skulking
the streets of Auckland to attend secret night-time meetings with Board
members of a state-owned enterprise.

79 The Australian High Court, while accepting a special privilege for
publication of information on government and political matters, also
emphasised that such privilege was not without restraint. Where the
publication was made to the public at large, the defendant must additionally
show that his conduct in making the publication was reasonable. To satisfy
this requirement, the defendant must show that he had “reasonable grounds for
believing that the imputations was true, took proper steps to verify the
material and did not believe the imputation to be untrue". The High Court’s
decision was notably influenced by s 22 of the New South Wales Defamation Act
1974, which provides for a statutory defence of qualified privilege.

80 The plaintiff in _Lange v ABC_ subsequently commenced another defamation
action (_Lange v Atkinson_ at [74] supra), this time against a journalist and
his publisher in respect of an article and an accompanying cartoon which were
said to bear the defamatory meaning that the plaintiff was dishonest, lazy,
insincere and irresponsible. The New Zealand Court of Appeal declined to
follow _Reynolds_ and held that in the light of New Zealand’s political and
social fabric, political statements were matters of interest to the public and
as such, publication of these matters to the public at large could come within
the defence of qualified privilege. However, the defendant still had to
establish that the occasion would attract privilege, and the court still had
to take into account the circumstances of publication, including such matters
as the identity of the publisher, the context in which publication occurred,
and whether the publisher had acted responsibly or reasonably.

81 Both _Lange v ABC_ and _Lange v Atkinson_ were decisions born of the
constitutional, political and social contexts in Australia and New Zealand.
Whilst both of these cases recognised a special privilege for political
information, as I have pointed out at [73] above, the legal position in
Singapore is that information on political and government matters does not
constitute “special facts”. As the Court of Appeal explained in _Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ ([73] _supra_) at 332H to 333A:

Both the decisions in _New York Times_ [_New York Times Co v Sullivan_ (1964)
376 US 254] and in _Lingens_ [_Lingens v Austria_ (1986) 8 EHRR 407] were
premised on the proposition that the limits of acceptable criticism of persons
holding public office or politicians in respect of their official duties or
conduct are wider than those of ordinary persons. In our judgment, our law is
not premised on such a proposition. Persons holding public office or
politicians (we call them ‘public men’) are equally entitled to have their
reputations protected as those of any other persons. Such persons, in the
discharge of their official duties, are laying themselves open to public
scrutiny both in respect of their deeds and words. In that respect, criticisms
in relation to their official conduct may be ‘robust’ and ‘wide- open’ and may
include ‘vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks’.
Nevertheless, such criticisms or attacks must, in our opinion, respect the
bounds set by law of defamation, and we do not accept that the publication of
false and defamatory allegations, even in the absence of actual malice on the
part of the publisher, should be allowed to pass with impunity. The law of
defamation protects the public reputation of public men as well...

82 As such, the decisions in _Lange v ABC_ and _Lange v Atkinson_ are
inconsistent with the law of defamation in Singapore.

**_Breach of Undertaking and Injunction_**

83 I now turn to one relief which is being sought only in the LKY action, but
not in the LHL action – namely, an injunction to restrain CSJ from breaching
an earlier undertaking which he had agreed to.

84 In an earlier defamation action against CSJ, the latter and LKY entered
into a compromise containing an undertaking from CSJ not to make “any further
allegations or statements to the same or similar effect” (referred to as
“CSJ's Undertaking” in para 15 of the statement of claim in the LKY action).
On 19 November 2001, LKY commenced the CSJ Suit (see [29] above) to enforce
the undertaking. The High Court upheld the compromise and thus CSJ's
Undertaking.  CSJ breached this undertaking when he published or caused to be
published the Disputed Words. In the LKY action, CSJ did not raise a separate
defence to the claim for breach of the undertaking. He merely sought to rely
on his defence that the Disputed Words did not bear the defamatory meaning
pleaded by LKY.

85 The court has the power to grant an injunction restraining CSJ from
committing further breaches of his earlier undertaking. Similarly, the court
has the power to restrain both CSJ and CSC from further publication of the
Disputed Words or any other similar defamatory publication. I agreed with Mr
Singh that this relief is appropriate in the circumstances as the defendants
had persisted in distributing _The New Democrat Issue 1_ even after being sued
and even after the other defendants named in the writ had apologised.
Furthermore, on 28 July 2006, the defendants had, in a post-media release,
concurred that the Disputed Words likened the running of NKF to the running of
PAP.

**Conclusion**

86 Accordingly, for the reasons stated, I allowed the O 14 summonses and made
the following orders.

87 In respect of the LHL action, my orders were that:

(a) Interlocutory judgment be entered for LHL against CSC and CSJ with damages
to be assessed;

(b) CSC and CSJ be restrained from publishing, selling, offering for sale,
distributing or otherwise disseminating by any means whatsoever the defamatory
allegations in the Disputed Words, or other allegations to the same effect;
and

(c) CSC and CSJ do pay LHL’s costs of this action including the costs of the
assessment of damages, such costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis.

88 In respect of the LKY action, my orders were that:

(a) Interlocutory judgment be entered for LKY against CSC and CSJ with damages
to be assessed;

(b) CSC and CSJ be restrained from publishing, selling, offering for sale,
distributing or otherwise disseminating by any means whatsoever the defamatory
allegations in the Disputed Words, or other allegations to the same effect;

(c) CSJ be restrained from further breaching “CSJ’s Undertaking” as defined in
paragraph 15 of the Statement of Claim; and

(d) CSC and CSJ do pay LKY’s costs of this action including the costs of the
assessment of damages, such costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Defendants’ joint affidavit para 23

[note: 2]Defendants’ written submissions para 46(d)

[note: 3]Defendants’ written submission para 46(d) & (e)

[note: 4]Defendants’ written submissions para 51(c)

[note: 5]Defendants’ written submissions para 15

[note: 6]This assertion was made in the amended defence for the LKY action as
well even though LKY is no longer the Prime Minister.

[note: 7]Defendants’ written submissions para 36

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

