Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cheng-Wong Mei Ling Theresa v Oei Hong Leong  
[2006] SGCA 12

Case Number | : | NM 118/2005, CA 113/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  C R Rajah SC, Anand Karthigesu and Moiz Haider Sithawalla (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant; Loo Ngan Chor (Lee & Lee) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Cheng-Wong Mei Ling Theresa — Oei Hong Leong   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Adducing fresh evidence – Evidence relating to new
point not raised by parties at trial but considered by judge in grounds of
decision – Whether court should allow fresh evidence to be adduced  
  
Civil Procedure – Parties – Locus standi – Appellant seeking declaration as to
future rights as registered proprietor of land pursuant to sale and purchase
agreement – Whether appellant having equitable interest in land under sale and
purchase agreement – Whether appellant having locus standi to seek declaration  
  
Land – Easements – Rights of way – Only access to property through land
belonging to adjoining property – No easement of way registered against
certificate of title of adjoining property – Whether implied easement of way
existing – Sections 99(1), 99(1A) Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

31 March 2006

Kan Ting Chiu J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 A bungalow that was constructed more than 40 years ago was faced with the
prospect of having its only access to the public road removed. When it was
developed, access was provided through a short driveway over the land of the
adjoining bungalow. These two bungalows were parts of a development on an
undivided lot of land. After the subdivision, the bungalows stood on their own
separate plots. Subsequently, when certificates of title were issued in
respect of the plots on which the two bungalows stood, no express right of way
was created. A dispute arose over whether there is an implied easement of way.

2 The first plot with the bungalow is No 48 Dalvey Road (“No 48”). The
adjoining plot and bungalow is No 48A Dalvey Road (“No 48A”). There were other
bungalows developed on other plots that were created out of the parent lot,
but this case is only concerned with the two plots.

3 The parent lot was Lot 45 Town Subdivision No XXV (“Lot 45”). It was owned
by Singapore Tobacco Company (Private) Ltd (“Singapore Tobacco”). On 14 July
1970, Singapore Tobacco obtained approval to subdivide Lot 45 into 13 plots.
Plots 1 to 8 were expressly described to contain an existing house each, and
the subdivision plan showed that No 48 stood on Plot 6 and No 48A stood on
adjoining Plot 7, with the word “Access” written on the northerly part of Plot
6 where it abutted Plot 7.

4 On 18 November 1971, Lot 45 was brought under the Land Titles Act (Cap 276,
1970 Rev Ed). Plot 6 became Lot 473 and Plot 7 became Lot 472, and
certificates of title, dated 30 December 1971, were issued for Lot 473 and Lot
472.

5 An error made in the demarcation of Lot 472 left a part of Plot 7 out of Lot
472. This was rectified with the creation of a new Lot 1122 in place of Lot
472, and the issuance of a new certificate of title on 13 March 1987. None of
the certificates of title issued refer to any right of way for No 48 over No
48A.

6 The ownership of No 48/Lot 473 and No 48A/Lot 1122 changed hands as follows:

(a) No 48/Lot 473 was transferred by Singapore Tobacco to William Goei and Tan
May Lee on 10 November 1975, who in turn transferred it to Thye Hong
Manufacturing Pte Ltd (“Thye Hong”) on 21 March 1980;

(b) No 48A/Lot 1122 was transferred by Singapore Tobacco to Oei Hong Leong
(“the defendant”) on 5 September 1990.

**The application**

7 On 20 April 2005, Thye Hong entered into an agreement to sell No 48 to the
plaintiff, Theresa Cheng-Wong Mei Ling. As there was no express right of way
for No 48 over No 48A, cl 8 of the agreement provided that:

The sale and purchase herein is subject to the Purchaser obtaining a
declaration from the High Court in Singapore (hereinafter called “the
declaration”) that the Property (comprised in Lot 473 TS 25) enjoys an implied
easement of way in accordance with the provisions of Section 99(1) of the Land
Titles Act, Cap 157 over the property known as 48A Dalvey Road (comprised in
Lot 472 TS 25) for the purpose of access to and from Dalvey Road as shown on
the plan annexed hereto….

In the event that the declaration is not obtained within six (6) months from
the date of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be deemed null and void and
the Vendor shall after the return of the title deeds and the withdrawal of all
caveats filed by the Purchaser and all persons claiming under him, refund to
the Purchaser the Deposit free of interest and neither party shall have any
claim or demand against the other for costs damages compensation or otherwise.

8 Easements of way are implied under ss 99(1) and 99(1A) of the current Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) which provide that:

**99.** —(1) Where the competent authority has approved the development and
subdivision of any land comprised in an estate before or after 1st arch 1994
and the subdivision plan has been submitted to the competent authority, there
shall be implied, in respect of each lot of the estate which is used or
intended to be used as a separate tenement, in favour of the registered
proprietor of the lot and as appurtenant thereto, all the easements referred
to in subsection 1A).

(1A) The easements which shall be implied under subsection (1) are all such
easements of way and drainage, for party wall purposes and for the supply of
water, gas, electricity, sewerage and telephone and other services to the lot
on, over or under the lands appropriated or set apart for those purposes
respectively on the subdivision plan submitted to the competent authority
relating to the estate, as may be necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of
the lot and of any building or part of a building at any time thereon.

9 After entering into the agreement, the plaintiff took out an originating
summons against the defendant to seek:

A declaration that the property known as Lot No. 73 Town Sub-Division No. XV
together with the building thereon known as 48 Dalvey Road (“48 Dalvey Road”)
enjoys an implied easement of way in accordance with the provisions of Section
99(1) of the Land Titles Act, Cap 157 over the property known as Lot No. 472
(now forming part of Lot No. 1122) Town Sub-Division No. XXV together with the
building thereon known as 48A Dalvey Road (“48A Dalvey Road”) for the purpose
of access to and from Dalvey Road as shown on the plan annexed hereto.

10 In support of the application, the plaintiff made an affidavit in which she
deposed that:

(a) the driveway through No 48A was the only means of access from No 48 to
Dalvey Road;

(b) she was informed by Thye Hong that in December 2004 the defendant had
erected an electronic security barrier along the common driveway of No 48 and
No 48A leading to Dalvey Road and that there was unobstructed access before
the barrier was erected; and

(c) Thye Hong had written to the defendant on 16 December 2004 for a remote
control device to operate the barrier to give access to No 48, but the
defendant did not respond to the request.

11 In the affidavit, the plaintiff gave a history of No 48 and No 48A from the
subdivision in 14 July 1970 through to the issuance of the separate titles for
the two properties and the rectified title for No 48A on 13 March 1987. It is
to be noted that in her affidavit she did not refer to any approvals for the
development of the two bungalows in No 48 and No 48A.

**The decision below**

12 The plaintiff’s application came on for hearing before a judge. Although
the defendant opposed the plaintiff’s application, no affidavit was filed in
opposition to it. After hearing counsel and reserving judgment, the judge
dismissed the application (see _Cheng-Wong Mei Ling Theresa v Oei Hong Leong_
[2006] 1 SLR 145).

13 In her grounds of decision , the judge dealt with the defendant’s counsel’s
preliminary objection that the plaintiff did not have _locus standi_ to seek
the declaration because she had not completed the purchase of the property,
and that only a registered proprietor had the right to do that:

14 She rejected that objection and held at [11]:

If there was a valid contract, the plaintiff would have an equitable interest
in the property and the vendor would hold the property as constructive
trustee: see Tan Sook Yee, _Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Butterworths
Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at p 355. In my view, the Sale and Purchase Agreement was
a valid contract even though it was made subject to certain conditions. I
would characterise cl 8 of the Sale and Purchase Agreement as a condition
subsequent.

While we agree that the plaintiff had an equitable interest in the property
under the agreement, we did not come to our conclusion that the agreement was
a valid agreement solely because cl 8 was not a condition precedent which had
to be fulfilled before a contract can come into being, but was a condition
subsequent.

15 It is apposite to refer to Prof Tan Sook Yee’s explanation at pp 355–356
that:

It is generally accepted that the purchaser, under a valid contract for sale,
has the equitable interest in the land while the vendor is the constructive
trustee. The _locus classicus_ is _Lysaght v Edwards_ [(1876) 2 Ch D 499]. The
basis of the imposition of the constructive trust in this situation is that
the parties are entitled to the remedy of specific performance. There is,
however, some difference of views as to when the equitable interest passes to
the purchaser or when the constructive trust arises. There is a view that it
arises as soon as the contract is entered into, while another view is that it
arises only when the contract is binding and then it is related back to the
time when the contract was entered into.

While there may be doubt in other jurisdictions, in Singapore the view of the
courts is clearly that the _equitable ownership passes when the contract is
enforceable and binding_. [emphasis added]

citing the decisions of the Court of Appeal in _Lee Christina v Lee Eunice_
[1993] 3 SLR 8 and _British Malayan Trustees Ltd v Sindo Realty Pte Ltd_
[1999] 1 SLR 623.

16 In _Lysaght v Edwards_ , Jessel MR had explained at 506–507:

[T]he moment you have a valid contract for sale the vendor becomes in equity a
trustee for the purchaser of the estate sold, and the beneficial ownership
passes to the purchaser, the vendor having a right to the purchase-money, a
charge or lien on the estate for the security of that purchase-money, and a
right to retain possession of the estate until the purchase-money is paid, in
the absence of express contract as to the time of delivering possession. In
other words, the position of the vendor is something between what has been
called a naked or bare trustee, or a mere trustee.

…

Now, what is the meaning of the term “valid contract?” “Valid contract” means
in every case a contract sufficient in form and in substance, so that there is
no ground whatever for setting it aside as between the vendor and purchaser—a
contract binding on both parties.

17 The same proposition (and more) was stated without reference to _Lysaght v
Edwards_ by the Court of Appeal in _Chi Liung Holdings Sdn Bhd v AG_ [1994] 2
SLR 354 (“ _Chi Liung Holdings_ ”) at 364, [34]:

One of [counsel’s] contentions was that a sale of a property is made when a
contract for the sale and purchase is entered into and the purchaser becomes
the beneficial owner of the property. We accept that general proposition as
correct. But _it is premised on the_ _availability of specific performance_ ,
as equity looks upon as done what has been agreed to be done and the purchaser
is deemed the owner in equity as at the date of the contract. _If, for any
reason, specific performance is not available, the purchaser is not deemed to
have been the owner of the property_. [emphasis added]

18 In that case, two agreements for the sale of land were subject to the
condition that the purchaser was to obtain qualifying certificates from the
Controller of Housing (“the Controller”) under the Residential Property Act
(Cap 274, 1985 Rev Ed) for the purchase of the property.

19 The question before the court was whether the vendor had breached an
undertaking not to sell or dispose of the properties without the approval of
the Controller by entering into the agreements. The court held that the
undertaking was not breached because until the qualifying certificates were
obtained no estate or interest passed to the purchaser, and the vendor had not
made any sale or deposition of the properties.

20 At first blush, it may appear that in the present case too, no equitable
interest passed to the plaintiff on the signing of the agreement of sale
because the declaration was not obtained yet, in the same way as the
qualifying certificates were not obtained in _Chi Liung Holdings_.

21 However, it does not follow that whenever an act of a third party is
required (such as the Controller’s approval or the court’s declaration), no
equitable interest passes until that condition is fulfilled.

22 It is established law that a condition in a contract for the exclusive
benefit of one party may be waived by that party, as illustrated in _Chip Thye
Enterprise Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 613.
Clause 8 in the agreement was intended exclusively for the benefit of the
plaintiff. If she did not obtain the declaration, she could rely on the clause
and call off the purchase. However, it was within her right to waive that
benefit and seek specific performance of the agreement without the
declaration.

23 On the facts, it is unlikely that there would be a waiver by the plaintiff,
but that is not the issue. The question is whether specific performance is
available to her, and the answer is it is if she wants it. When the agreement
was signed, specific performance was available to the plaintiff, and she had
thereby acquired the equitable interest and _locus standi_ to seek the
declaration. It may be that if she fails to obtain the declaration, she may
not want to complete the purchase, but that does not detract from the fact
that specific performance is available to her now. The situation in _Chi Liung
Holdings_ is different because the condition specifying qualifying
certificates must be obtained for the sale of the properties to be completed
was not incorporated for the exclusive benefit of either party. It was a
statutory requirement which could not be waived.

24 On the facts, the plaintiff has an equitable interest in No 48 recognised
under s 4 of the Act, and she thereby has the _locus standi_ to maintain the
action as long as she has not renounced her equitable interest by invoking cl
8 to call off the purchase.

25 After disposing of the preliminary objection, the judge went on to consider
whether the conditions of s 99(1) of the Act were satisfied so that an
easement of way could be implied in favour of No 48 over No 48A.

26 She noted at [15] of her judgment that:

The Chief Planner’s letter of 14 July 1970 permitted the subdivision of the
amalgamated land into 13 plots. Significantly, permission for Plots 1 to 8 was
confined strictly to subdivision and not development of those plots which
already had an existing house or dwelling standing on each plot of land. The
approval letter subdivided and created Plots 9 and 11 as vacant land
demarcated for future development. Notably, no outright permission was granted
for their actual development.

and went on to state at [17] that:

In my judgment, s 99 of the Act was inapplicable in the present case. The
approval did not meet the first condition of s 99(1) … The Subdivision Plan
did not relate to both the development and subdivision of the amalgamated
lots. The words used by the subsection are “development and subdivision”. The
word “ _and_ ” is to be read conjunctively. The approval by the competent
authority must be for development _and_ subdivision although it is not
necessary that development _and_ subdivision must take place at the same time.
[emphasis in original]

27 She referred to the decision of this court in _MCST Plan No 549 v Chew Eu
Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR 366 where it was stated at [31]
that:

The plain language of s 99(1) does not require an approval of both the
development and the subdivision of land to be given at one and the same time,
and there is nothing in that provision requiring the contemporaneous approvals
for both the processes. In our opinion, there is no reason why s 99(1) should
not be applicable merely because the approval for development has been granted
before the grant of the approval of subdivision for the land, as was the
present case.

and she added at [19] that if there should be development of the land in the
future, the question of implied easements could be revisited.

28 It should be noted that the issue of development approval was not raised by
counsel or the judge at the hearing before her. A reading of the notes of
argument, the written submissions tendered at the hearing and the judge’s
grounds of decision show that this point appeared for the first time in the
grounds of decision.

**_Demarcation of the access route_**

29 There was another ground for the dismissal of the application. The judge
had also found that the requirements of s 99(1A) were not satisfied. She noted
at [22] of her grounds of decision that:

[F]or s 99 of the Act to apply, the question is: Was there on the Subdivision
Plan land appropriated or set apart for easement of way as may be necessary
for the enjoyment of Plot 6 and of any building or part of a building at any
time thereon? Section 99 lists some common easements and these will be
implied, where shown, as easements to be made appurtenant to other lots in the
approved subdivision plan. And how are the relevant easements to be so shown?
There must be delineation of land as a roadway appropriated or set apart on
the subdivision plan for use as an easement of way to be made appurtenant to
other lots. Bearing in mind the common law position that no easement of way
could be created on one’s own land, I was not prepared to draw the inference
that the strip of land on which the word “access” was handwritten and which
abutted the boundary of Plot 6 was intended to be a right of way appurtenant
to Plot 6. It could not and did not amount to a delineation of the strip of
private land on Plot 7 as a roadway set apart on the Subdivision Plan for the
use of Plot 6 to pass and re-pass for the reasonable enjoyment of Plot 6.

30 It is true that the approved subdivision plan of 14 July 1970 did not mark
out the land over which the access was to run. Nevertheless, the notation of
the word “Access” suggested that the access route ran beyond Plot 6 because if
it was entirely within Plot 6, there was no need for the notation. The
question is whether an access route was set out.

31 There was in fact evidence of that. After the subdivision in 1970, the land
was brought under the Land Titles Act (Cap 276, 1970 Rev Ed) in 1971, and
individual certificates of title were issued for the plots with No 48
identified as Lot 473 and No 48A identified as Lot 472. When the error in the
demarcation of Lot 472 was discovered, a replacement certificate of title was
issued with the lot properly marked out and designated as Lot 1122. In the
plans annexed to the certificates of title for Lots 472, 473 and 1122, the
part of No 48A that was used to give ingress and egress between No 48 and
Dalvey Road was marked by dotted lines.

32 The lots covered by the certificates of title (save for the error in the
demarcation of Lot 472) are identical to the approved subdivided plots. In the
plans annexed to the certificates, it was clear that the path over which the
easement of way run was marked out when the subdivision occurred.

33 In such a situation, it is permissible and proper for a court, when asked
to determine whether there is an implied easement of way following a
subdivision, to refer to the plans annexed to the certificates of title to
ascertain the access route that was provided during the subdivision, and read
them together with the subdivision plan.

34 Counsel for the defendant had also contended that there was no implied
easement of way over No 48A because the driveway serving it can be
repositioned. The judge rejected the argument on the ground that since the
defendant did not file an affidavit, he could not raise that contention.

35 In fact there was no basis for the contention as the approved subdivision
plan showed that there was no common boundary between No 48 and Dalvey Road.
Although No 48 had a frontage along the road, the two are separated by Plot
13, a narrow strip of land reserved for road widening purposes.

36 The plaintiff was not satisfied with the judgment, and appealed against it.

**Admission of further evidence**

37 In view of the fact that one of the grounds for the decision of the judge
below was that there was no evidence of any approved development, the
plaintiff applied for the admission of new evidence. Accordingly, a motion was
filed to admit the additional evidence in the appeal. The additional evidence
covered three areas. First, it was that the plaintiff and Thye Hong had agreed
to extend the time for obtaining the declaration under cl 8 by six months to
20 April 2006. Second, that the competent authority had on 4 September 1956
approved the development of five houses on the subsequently subdivided Plots 4
to 8 (which include the plots for No 48 and No 48A), and had also approved the
development of another five houses on Plots 1, 2, 3 and 9 on 4 September 1964.
The third piece of evidence was a Road Line Plan of the Land Transport
Authority which shows the narrow strip of road reserve running between No 48
and Dalvey Road.

38 Under s 37 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) and O 57 r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”), further evidence shall not be admitted in an appeal to the
Court of Appeal except with the leave of the Court which will only be given
when there are special grounds.

39 What are special grounds are not laid down in the SCJA or the Rules. Lord
Denning enunciated a rule in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 at 1491 (“the
rule in _Ladd v Marshall_ ”) for the admission of additional evidence in an
appeal. Under the rule, three conditions have to be met before additional
evidence may be admitted:

first, it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence for use at the trial;

secondly, the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an
important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive;

thirdly, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, though it need not be
incontrovertible.

This rule has been accepted by this court in numerous cases to be the test for
determining special grounds. However, it must be borne in mind that the rule
is not a statutory provision to be applied rigidly in all circumstances.

40 Applying the rule, the first category of additional evidence clearly
qualifies because the extension was not given till after the decision was
delivered, and it was necessary to maintain the plaintiff’s _locus standi_ for
the appeal. The third piece of evidence relating to the road line plan was
admitted in evidence without discussion because it only confirmed what was
already disclosed in the approved subdivision plan.

41 However, the admission of the second category of evidence drew the most
attention. The additional evidence related to the approval for the development
of five houses (including No 48 and No 48A) on 4 September 1956 and the
further approval for the development of another five houses on 4 September
1964 by the Singapore Improvement Trust, the authority at that time to give
such approvals.

42 As no question was raised over the relevance or authenticity of the
approvals, the second and third conditions under the rule in _Ladd v Marshall_
were met. The problem was with the first condition, that the approvals could
not have been obtained with reasonable diligence. The subdivision approval the
plaintiff tendered before the court below shows that houses No 48 and 48A were
already erected. It seemed to us that the plaintiff assumed that both the
houses must have been constructed with approval. It would be difficult to
imagine that the authorities would have granted the subdivision approval with
the houses indicated thereon if those houses were, in fact, unauthorised
structures. Be that as it may, that appeared also to be the assumption of the
defendant who did not raise that as a ground to resist the application.
Neither did the judge in the course of hearing indicate that the structures
could have been unauthorised. It was only in the grounds of decision that this
point was brought up for the first time. The judge took a stricter stance and
found that although the subdivision plan showed the existing houses, it did
not show that permission was granted for their actual development (see [26]
hereof).

43 The difference in understanding and treatment of the subdivision plan went
to the root of this part of the judge’s findings. Had the point been brought
up during the hearing, the plaintiff could easily have brought in the new
evidence to seal the point. The rule in _Ladd v Marshall_ would not have
applied. The new evidence was not something that could give rise to
controversy. Leave would probably have been granted by the judge to allow the
plaintiff to bring the evidence in. In those circumstances, whether there
would be costs implications arising from the granting of leave would have to
be left to the discretion of the judge.

44 There is another factor that supports a relaxation of the rule in _Ladd v
Marshall_ in a case such as this. Clearly, when deciding a case, a judge can
take a new point which the parties have not raised. However, the judge in such
a situation should give notice of the new point to the parties, especially
where the point is of a substantive nature, so that they can have the
opportunity to address it. In this case, the parties did not receive any
notice of the new point before judgment was delivered. If the notice had been
given, the point could and would have been addressed.

45 In our judgment, in these very exceptional circumstances the strict rule in
_Ladd v Marshall_ should not be applied rigidly. The plaintiff’s motion was
granted, and the evidence on the development approval was admitted.

**Conclusion**

46 With the admission of the additional evidence of unquestionable relevance
and reliability, all the conditions of ss 99(1) and 99(1A) of the Act were
fulfilled. We therefore allowed the appeal and made the declaration the
plaintiff sought.

47 Before concluding, we have a comment on the requirement in s 99(1) for
subdivision approval _and_ development approval. There does not appear to us
to be a need to link subdivision approval with development approval. As s
99(1A) states, upon the subdivision of land, easements of way necessary for
the reasonable enjoyment of the land may be implied. Land may be subdivided
and sold as open plots for the purchasers to develop. Easements of way
necessary for the reasonable enjoyment of such plots should in proper cases be
implied, whether there is development approval or not.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

