Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Van Der Horst Engineering Pte Ltd v Rotol Singapore Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 53

Case Number | : | Suit 770/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Arthur Quay and Jamilah bte Ibrahim (Dominion LLC) for the plaintiff; Thio Shen Yi, Adrian Tan and Angela Thiang (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Van Der Horst Engineering Pte Ltd — Rotol Singapore Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Subscription and option agreement – Warranty that
defendant's accounts giving true and fair view of defendant's financial
position – Whether defendant's failure to disclose defaults by judgment
creditor and guarantor of judgment creditor amounting to breach of the
agreement  
  
Contract – Breach – Subscription and option agreement – Warranty that no
"threatened litigation" against defendant which might have adverse effect on
defendant's financial position – Whether claims made by and against
defendant's subsidiary amounting to "threatened litigation" – Whether
defendant's failure to disclose claims amounting to breach of agreement  
  
Damages – Measure of damages – Contract – Whether damages for breach of
contract may include wasted pre-contract expenditure  
  

24 March 2006

Andrew Ang J:

1 This suit concerns disputes arising out of a subscription and option
agreement dated 30 April 2004 (“the SOA”) between the plaintiff, Van Der Horst
Engineering Pte Ltd (“VDH”), and the defendant in the original action, Rotol
Singapore Ltd (“Rotol”).

2 Under the SOA, VDH agreed, subject to the terms thereof, to subscribe for
110m new shares in Rotol at 11.5¢ per share. The same agreement included a
call option granted by Rotol to VDH to subscribe for another 110m new shares
at the same subscription price of 11.5¢. The subscription for the aggregate
220m shares would give VDH a controlling interest in Rotol.

3 The second defendant to the counterclaim, Kwan Chee Seng (“Kwan”), was a
director of VDH and, under the SOA, gave a guarantee to Rotol for VDH’s
performance of the SOA.

4 Pursuant to the terms of the SOA, VDH paid a sum of $100,000 to Rotol as
earnest money when the SOA was executed. After the execution of the SOA, VDH
learnt certain information (mentioned below) concerning Rotol from which it
concluded that Rotol had breached certain warranties and undertakings given
under cll 7 and 8 respectively of the SOA. After unsuccessful negotiations
between the parties, VDH terminated the SOA and sought, _inter alia_ , the
refund of the earnest money, as well as special and general damages.

5 The relevant parts of cll 7 and 8 of the SOA provide as follows:

7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

7.1 The Company hereby warrants to the Subscriber and acknowledges that the
Subscriber has entered into this Agreement in reliance on such warranties that
as of the date of this Agreement and up to the Placement Shares Completion
Date (save as disclosed to the Subscriber prior to the date of this Agreement
or in the Accounts or in information which is publicly available):-

(a) …

(b) …

(c) …

(d) …

(e) the Accounts give a true and fair view of the financial position of the
Company and the Group for the period ended on and as at the Accounts Date;

(f) so far as the Company is aware having made enquiries, no litigation
against or by the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in progress, pending
or threatened, which individually has or collectively have a material adverse
effect on the financial position of the Company or the Group taken as a whole;

(g) …

(h) all publicly available information which had up to the time of signing
this Agreement been disseminated by the Company (including without limitation
all announcements and publications appearing on MASNET or the SGX-ST website
pertaining to the Company) are true and correct in all material respects and
the Company, having made enquiries, is not aware of any matter, fact or
circumstance which would lead to any such information to be untrue or
inaccurate or misleading.

7.2 The Company undertakes to indemnify the Subscriber against any losses,
liabilities, costs, claims, actions, damages, expenses or demands which the
Subscriber may incur, or which may be made against the Subscriber, as a result
of or in relation to any actual misrepresentation of a material nature in, or
actual breach in any material respect of, any of the Company’s representations
or warranties.

7.3 Upon:-

(a) breach in any material respect of any of the Company’s representations or
warranties coming to the notice of the Subscriber before the Placement Shares
Completion Date or an Option Shares Completion Date (as the case may be); or

(b) breach in any material respect by the Company of any undertaking or
failure to observe any condition; or

(c) …

the Subscriber shall, in addition to any other remedy available to the
Subscriber, be entitled (but not bound) by written notice to the Company to
elect to treat such breach as releasing and discharging the Subscriber from
its obligations (including, without limitation, to complete any subscription
of the Placement Shares or of any Option Shares) under this Agreement, and
upon such election the Earnest Money (if not already applied towards the
payment for the Placement Shares pursuant to the Placement Shares Completion)
shall be fully refunded to the Subscriber, without any deduction or
withholding whatsoever.

8 THE COMPANY’S UNDERTAKINGS

8.1 The Company hereby acknowledges that the Subscriber has the intention to
participate in the management of the Company and undertakes to each of the
Subscriber and to the Guarantor that:-

(a) …

(b) …

(c) until the earlier of the date the Placement Shares Completion has been
effected and the Long-Stop Date, the Company will not and will procure that
each of its subsidiaries will not (except, in each case, with the prior
written consent of the Guarantor):-

(i) dispose of any of its respective tangible or intangible asset, other than
at its full value and in the ordinary course of business; or

(ii) …

(iii) …

(d) the Company will not take any steps or actions which is inconsistent with,
or otherwise will have an adverse effect on, the interest of the Shareholders
and the Company;

(e) …

(f) …

(g) the Company will not, as from the date of this Agreement up to the date of
appointment of the Subscriber’s Nominees Directors on the board of directors
of the Company, enter into any agreement or arrangement with any of its
bankers for the prepayment of any of the facilities granted by such bankers to
the Group otherwise than any payment or prepayment which is in accordance with
or required by such bankers pursuant to any existing arrangements or
contractual obligations subsisting as at the date of this Agreement.

6 VDH cited five instances in which Rotol had allegedly breached the SOA. They
are as follows:

(a) failure to disclose a claim by Rotol’s subsidiary, Aluminium &
Technologies (Altech) Pte Ltd (“Altech”), against Inbuilt Engineering Pte Ltd
(“Inbuilt”), and one by the latter against the former;

(b) failure to disclose a claim by BP Singapore Pte Ltd (“BP”) against Rotol;

(c) failure to disclose Rotol’s claims against Dex Building Products Pte Ltd
(“Dex”) and Lim Teck Seng (“Lim”);

(d) sale of Jiaxing property in Zhejiang, People’s Republic of China (“the
Jiaxing property”); and

(e) repayment of loan taken from Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd
(“OCBC”).

7 Rotol’s defence was as follows:

(a) there was no breach of the SOA in any of the five instances, either
individually or collectively;

(b) even if there was a breach, such breach did not entitle VDH to terminate
the SOA as it was not material; and

(c) even if the breach(es) entitled VDH to terminate the SOA, VDH was
precluded from doing so as they had elected to affirm the contract. This third
contention was abandoned at the closing of Rotol’s case for lack of evidence.

8 Rotol therefore counterclaimed against VDH and Kwan (as guarantor) for
damages for wrongful repudiation of the SOA.

9 I gave oral judgment in favour of VDH and dismissed Rotol’s counterclaim,
together with costs in each such action. I now give my reasons for doing so.

**The Altech/Inbuilt claims**

10 On 4 May 2004 (four days after the SOA was signed by the parties), Altech,
a subsidiary of Rotol, issued a statutory demand against Inbuilt claiming a
sum of $447,773.07 for works done. In turn, Inbuilt filed a writ of summons
against Altech for breach of contract claiming an amount of $504,465.

11 VDH alleged that prior to the signing of the SOA, Rotol was aware that
there was a dispute with Inbuilt over the sum claimed by Altech. VDH contended
that it was reasonably foreseeable that the dispute would end up in court
(which it did after the SOA was executed).

12 VDH first came to know of Altech’s claim against Inbuilt and the latter’s
suit against Altech only on 15 June 2004 when VDH received a draft of a
circular which was to be sent out by Rotol to its shareholders.

13 On the basis of evidence given by Rotol’s witnesses themselves, I was of
the view that in March 2004 it was already clear that Altech’s claim of
$447,773.07 was going to be disputed by Inbuilt who had offered to pay only
$200,000. Tan Khee Bak (“Tan”), Rotol’s managing director, knew of the dispute
then. Tan admitted in cross-examination that, in the circumstances, it was
reasonable to expect that Inbuilt would dispute Altech’s statutory demand. He
also admitted that it was an oversight on his part not to have disclosed this
information to VDH. Finally, he also admitted that there had been delay on
Altech’s part in the installation works done for Inbuilt and that there was
merit in Inbuilt’s claim.

14 Inbuilt subsequently withdrew its suit and a settlement was reached
whereunder Altech accepted a reduced aggregate sum of $273,419.54. This was
approximately $174,000 less than what was earlier demanded by Altech.

15 The question was whether Rotol’s failure to disclose the claims was a
breach of cl 7.1(f) of the SOA. This in turn raised two issues in the
construction of that clause. They are:

(a) whether Altech’s claim against Inbuilt and/or the latter’s claim against
Altech qualified as “litigation … pending or threatened”; and

(b) whether individually or together with other such litigation it/they had a
“material adverse effect on the financial position of [Rotol] or [the group
comprising Rotol and its subsidiaries] taken as a whole”.

16 As regards the first issue, counsel for Rotol contended that neither
Altech’s claim nor Inbuilt’s claim qualified as “pending or threatened”
litigation. Whilst I agree that for litigation to be “pending” an originating
process must have been issued and possibly served on Rotol (see _Arab Monetary
Fund v Hashim (No 4)_ [1992] 1 WLR 1176), I do not accept his contention that
“threatened” litigation must necessarily go beyond the making of a formal
demand and must be more than a claim.

17 To me, “threatened litigation” is litigation of the approach of which there
was, at the material time, some sign or indication. As counsel for Rotol
conceded, such sign or indication need not be an actual utterance, written or
verbal, of an intention to sue. It suffices if, objectively speaking, the
facts and circumstances were such that it was reasonable to conclude that
litigation might ensue.

18 The meaning to be ascribed to “threatened” litigation must also be
considered in the context of the overall scheme of the SOA. Under the SOA, VDH
had undertaken to subscribe for shares in Rotol after only limited “due
diligence”. Amongst the safeguards which VDH secured for itself were Rotol’s
representations and warranties as to the state of health of Rotol and, in
particular, its financial well-being. The intention was that if at any time
prior to the date fixed for completion of the shares placement, any
representation or warranty was found to be incorrect, VDH could, by written
notice in that behalf, elect to be released from its undertaking to subscribe
for the shares without prejudice to any other remedy available to it.

19 However, apart from other exclusion provisions, VDH would have no such
right of exit if, prior to the date of the SOA, Rotol had disclosed to VDH
sufficient information to forestall any allegation of breach of representation
or warranty.

20 On the facts, I have no difficulty in finding that in respect of Altech’s
claim, there was a threat of litigation. There was a gap of about $247,000
between what Altech was claiming and what Inbuilt was offering to pay. It was
clear that Inbuilt would dispute the claim. A statutory demand was made a mere
four days after the SOA was signed. This demand could not have been made on
impulse at the last moment. Certainly, no evidence was led to suggest this. It
was a natural consequence of an unresolved dispute, Inbuilt having disregarded
two reminders on 28 March 2004 and 30 April 2004. That it was within Altech’s
contemplation before 30 April 2004, I have little doubt.

21 As regards Inbuilt’s suit against Altech, it is probably fair to say that
it was not reasonably foreseeable at the time the SOA was executed. As Rotol’s
counsel submitted, there was no reason to expect that Inbuilt would bring a
claim against Altech in respect of delays to the project as they were not
caused by Altech. The fact that Inbuilt subsequently discontinued its action
lends support to this contention.

22 I shall defer consideration of the second issue, _viz_ , whether Altech’s
claim against Inbuilt alone or together with other such litigation had a
material adverse effect on the financial position of Rotol or the Rotol group
of companies taken as a whole. This will be more conveniently dealt with after
I have considered the BP claim against Rotol and Rotol’s claims against Dex
and Lim earlier referred to in [6](b) and [6](c) respectively.

**The BP claim**

23 Rotol had entered into an agreement with BP on 1 June 1998 (“the BP
Agreement”) to purchase all the liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) that it needed
in its business exclusively from BP for a period of five years. On 9 January
2002, Rotol entered into an agreement with Sembcorp Gas Pte Ltd (“Sembcorp”)
to purchase liquefied natural gas (“LNG”). Thereafter, Rotol switched to LNG
and failed to place orders for LPG from BP for some time.

24 As early as 3 September 2003, BP-Wearnes Gas Pte Ltd (to whom BP had sought
to novate the BP Agreement) had claimed from Rotol compensation of $145,000
for breach of the BP Agreement in that Rotol had dismantled without BP’s
consent certain equipment (“the Outfit”) belonging to BP which was used in
connection with the supply of LPG. This was followed by a formal letter of
demand from BP’s lawyers, Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”), on 10 December 2003. In
that letter, D&N also stated that they were assessing the loss and damage
suffered by their client in respect of Rotol’s failure to purchase LPG and
fully reserved their client’s rights.

25 In the next letter from D&N dated 7 January 2004, they refuted certain
contentions made by Rotol’s own lawyers, M/s Loo & Chong, in a letter of 19
December 2003. However, it ended by informing Loo & Chong that BP was prepared
to meet with Rotol, as proposed by the latter, on a without prejudice basis to
explore the possibility of an amicable settlement. Loo & Chong advised Rotol
in a written opinion dated 13 January 2004 that Rotol did breach the BP
Agreement by not purchasing LPG from BP since January 2003 and dismantling the
Outfit without BP’s consent.

26 Although discussions were held between Rotol and BP, it was admitted by Tan
that the dispute remained unresolved up to the time of signing of the SOA. VDH
signed the SOA without knowledge of the dispute. Based on e-mail
correspondence between representatives of Rotol and BP respectively in the
period 27 April 2004 to 6 July 2004, it was clear that BP was still
threatening suit if the matter was not satisfactorily resolved.

27 VDH contended that by failing to disclose the BP claim prior to the signing
of the SOA, Rotol had breached cl 7.1(f) thereof. In addition, VDH contended
that Rotol breached cl 7.1(e) of the SOA by failing to disclose the BP claim
as a contingent liability in its 2003 audited accounts. Finally, VDH contended
that by the same omission Rotol had breached cl 7.1(h) of the SOA in that the
2003 audited accounts which constituted public information disseminated by
Rotol was inaccurate contrary to Rotol’s representations otherwise.

28 Counsel for Rotol did not dispute that BP had asserted that they had a
claim for $145,000 by BP’s letter of 3 September 2003 to Rotol. It was also
not disputed that as of the date of signing of the SOA (30 April 2004), the
dispute had not been resolved. However, he sought to distinguish “threatened
litigation” from “unresolved dispute or claim”. He contended that the
correspondence showed that BP was ready to deal with the matter in a
commercial manner and that there was no threatened litigation.

29 For the reasons which I gave earlier (in [17] and [18] _supra_), I find
that there was threatened litigation in respect of BP’s claim and that Rotol
should have disclosed the same prior to the signing of the SOA. Tan admitted
as much when he was cross-examined. I therefore find that Rotol was in breach
of cl 7.1(f).

30 I also find that Rotol breached their representation in cl 7.1(e) by
failing to disclose the BP claim in note 32 to the 2003 audited financial
statements under the heading “contingent liabilities not provided for in the
financial statements”. Support for this position can be found in the fact that
Rotol had disclosed a lesser contingent liability in the amount of $91,000 in
their audited accounts for 2001. This set, as it were, a benchmark which Rotol
ought to have followed consistently. It is significant that in the 2004
audited accounts Rotol did disclose BP’s claim although it sought to explain
that away by saying that it had done so only because the dispute had arisen
between VDH and Rotol in regard thereto.

31 Rotol argued that even if the BP claim had been disclosed in note 32, the
line items in the 2003 accounts would have remained as they were. The short
answer to that is that VDH would have been alerted to the existence of the
claim and would have been able to factor that information into its decision
whether or not to subscribe for Rotol’s shares and, if so, at what price. The
fact that the claim was not for a liquidated amount and could not be
determined with reasonable certainty (as contended by Rotol in its note to the
2004 audited accounts) did not, in my view, excuse Rotol from disclosure. A
claim, liquidated or otherwise, is still a claim; it was ignored at Rotol’s
peril.

32 Given my findings in regard to breaches of cll 7.1(e) and (f), it is not
necessary to dwell at length on the question whether there was also a breach
of cl 7.1(h) by the same non-disclosure of the BP claim. Suffice it to say
that a case could quite easily be made that cl 7.1(h) was also breached.
However, in practical terms, that adds little to VDH’s case.

33 I shall again defer consideration of the question whether, for the purpose
of cl 7.1(f), the BP claim, by itself or together with other undisclosed
threatened litigation, had a material adverse effect on the financial position
of Rotol or the Rotol group of companies taken as a whole.

**The Dex/Lim receivables**

34 The relevant facts are as follows:

(a) There were trade receivables from Dex arising out of invoices issued by
Rotol between 28 October 2002 and 23 December 2003.

(b) Rotol issued a writ against Dex for the sum of $118,196.41 on 30 May 2003.

(c) Rotol obtained final judgment against Dex for the sum claimed together
with costs and interest on 17 June 2003.

(d) Rotol agreed to allow Dex to pay its judgment debt by instalments with
post-dated cheques, secured by a guarantee from Lim on 8 September 2003.

(e) Rotol received two instalments totalling $10,000 under the instalment
payment plan but Dex defaulted in the November 2003 and subsequent
instalments.

(f) When Rotol stopped receiving payment from Dex, Rotol sued Lim on his
personal guarantee and the writ was issued on 1 April 2004, before the SOA was
signed.

(g) Rotol obtained final judgment against Lim on 24 June 2004 (after the SOA
was signed) for $115,826.92 together with interest and costs.

35 It is clear that from November 2003, Rotol was aware that Dex had failed
pay the judgment debt and that Lim had, likewise, defaulted on his personal
guarantee.

36 VDH asserted that cl 7.1(e) had been breached because in the absence of
provision for non-payment the 2003 audited accounts did not give a true and
fair view of the financial position of Rotol. Rotol raised two defences.
Firstly, it argued that VDH’s representative (“Kantilal”) had been told by
Deon Kwok, Rotol’s financial controller, about the overdue Dex receivables
during the due diligence process. However, it emerged that Kantilal had also
been told that no provision for doubtful debt was necessary as a payment
guarantee had been obtained from Lim. Significantly, Rotol omitted to add (as
it ought to have done in order that the disclosure was not misleading) that
Lim had also defaulted on the guarantee. In my view, this half-truth was as
good as a failure to disclose.

37 VDH was therefore entitled to assert that there had been insufficient
disclosure to alert it to the fact that the 2003 audited accounts did not give
a true and fair view of the financial condition of Rotol contrary to the
warranty in cl 7.1(e).

38 I do not accept Rotol’s contention that it was incumbent on VDH to plead
that the guarantee was of poor quality and not merely that no provision had
been made in the accounts for the non-payment of the receivables. That would
have been necessary only if Rotol had pleaded that it had made disclosure to
Kantilal of the overdue amounts.

39 Parenthetically, I should say that if Rotol’s second contention was that
VDH could have discovered the circumstances regarding the Dex receivables
through publicly available information, there could be no breach of sub-cll
(e), (f) or (h) of cl 7.1.

40 A LawNet Litigation search would certainly have revealed the writ issued
against Lim on 1 April 2004. However, in my view, VDH was entitled to rely on
the information given by Rotol during due diligence on 15 March 2004 that,
although there was an overdue receivable of $108,000, a provision for doubtful
debt was not required as the debt was guaranteed by Lim. Indeed, counsel for
Rotol sought to rely upon the passing of this information as being disclosure
which relieved Rotol from liability for breach of warranty under cl 7.1(e).
Having chosen to tell VDH this half-truth, it does not lie in the mouth of
Rotol to say that VDH ought to have relied on its own LawNet Litigation
search. It might have been different if Rotol had merely kept silent. I
therefore find Rotol in breach of cl 7.1(e).

41 It follows, from the finding that the 2003 audited accounts did not present
a true and fair view of the financial position of Rotol, that Rotol also
breached cl 7.1(h).

42 Clearly, in the light of the writ issued by Rotol on 1 April 2004 against
Lim, cl 7.1(f) could not be correct in so far as it warranted that there was
no pending litigation. However, a LawNet Litigation search would have
disclosed this suit. This aspect of the matter therefore fell squarely within
the exclusion “save as disclosed … in information which is publicly available”
at cl 7.1. I therefore find that there was no breach of cl 7.1(f) so far as
the Dex/Lim claim was concerned.

**_“Material adverse effect”_**

43 I move on now to consider the question whether, for the purpose of cl
7.1(f), Altech’s claim against Inbuilt and BP’s claim against Rotol alone had
a “material adverse effect” on the financial position of Rotol or the Rotol
group of companies. In this particular case, given the circumstances which I
shall elaborate upon, I do not think it is necessary for me to define what the
standard of materiality ought to be.

44 In Rotol’s fourth draft circular to shareholders dated 10 June 2004, cl 18
stated as follows:

_Save as disclosed below_ , neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is
in the last 12 months preceding the Latest Practicable Date engaged in any
litigation or arbitration proceedings either as plaintiff or defendant which
might _materially affect the financial position of the Group_ taken as a whole
and the Directors are not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings
pending or threatened against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any
facts likely to give rise to any such litigation or arbitration proceedings,
which might _materially and adversely affect the financial position of the
Group taken as a whole[_._]_ [emphasis added]

It then went on to disclose under “Claims filed or threatened against the
Company and its subsidiaries” the Inbuilt claim against Altech and the BP
claim for breach of contract. Under “Claims filed or threatened by the Company
and its subsidiaries” it disclosed the claim against Dex, the claim against
Lim and Altech’s statutory demand against Inbuilt.

45 Rotol had in fact submitted the circular to the Singapore Stock Exchange on
10 September 2004 but on the same day, upon realising that cl 18 would be used
by VDH as proof of materiality, retrieved the shareholders circular and
amended it.

46 The most significant admissions, however, came from Rotol’s own witnesses.

47 Tan, Rotol’s managing director, made the following admissions:

(a) That a loss of $145,000 under the BP claim would have a material adverse
effect on Rotol.

(b) That the reason why the BP claim was disclosed in the 2004 audited
accounts was because it had a material adverse effect on the financials of
Rotol.

(c) That as the amount Altech recovered from Inbuilt was about $180,000 less
than it originally claimed, such shortfall would have a material adverse
effect on Rotol’s financial position.

48 Deon Kwok, Rotol’s financial controller, made the following admissions:

(a) That BP’s claim was a contingent liability and that it was material; that
was why it was disclosed in the 2004 accounts.

(b) Inbuilt’s claim against Altech was material.

(c) Altech’s statutory demand against Inbuilt was material.

49 I see no reason why I should not accept this evidence. Accordingly, I find
that the requirement that the pending or threatened litigation had a material
adverse effect on Rotol’s financial position was satisfied. Rotol therefore
breached cl 7.1(f) by reason of non-disclosure of the Altech claim and the BP
claim.

50 Given my findings above, it will not be necessary for me to go on to
consider the other alleged instances of breach of the SOA, _viz_ , the failure
to disclose the sale of the Jiaxing property and the repayment of the OCBC
loan.

**Damages**

51 I go on to consider the question of damages. VDH had claimed special
damages in the aggregate amount of $150,000 although Kwan’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief gave the figure of $157,885.95. This included legal and
professional fees incurred in due diligence and in the negotiation and
preparation of the SOA.

52 Rotol put up the argument that VDH was only entitled to claim for losses
caused by the breach and not the expenses they incurred prior to the breach.
It was argued that VDH would have eventually incurred the losses anyway, even
if the SOA had not been signed.

53 This is an interesting argument but it is not novel. A similar situation
arose in _Anglia Television Ltd v Reed_ [1972] 1 QB 60. In that case, the
defendant, a well-known actor, contracted with the plaintiff to play the lead
role in a television play which it was producing. A few days later he
repudiated the contract, having belatedly discovered that he had been double-
booked. The plaintiff sued for damages claiming wasted expenditure of £2,750.
The defendant contended that the plaintiff could only recover its expenditure
after the contract was concluded in the amount of £854. The master gave
judgment for the plaintiff for £2,750. On the defendant’s appeal it was held,
dismissing the appeal, that the plaintiff having elected to claim its wasted
expenditure instead of its loss of profits, was not limited to the expenditure
incurred after the contract but could claim the expenditure _before_ the
contract provided it was reasonably in the contemplation of the parties as
likely to be wasted if the contract was broken. It is interesting to note that
the expenditure included director’s fees, designer’s fees, stage managers’
fees, _etc_ , all of which were incurred before the plaintiff got the leading
man.

54 Traditionally, a plaintiff could either recover for gains prevented by the
breach of contract or, if such gains could not easily be quantified or were
unlikely owing to the contract being unprofitable, he could, as an
alternative, claim expenses rendered futile by the breach. As noted in Harvey
McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (The Common Law Library) (Sweet & Maxwell,
17th Ed, 2003) at para 2-033 the decision in _Anglia Television Ltd v Reed_
presented “something of a halfway house between the two competing measures of
damages” for it did more than just put the claimant in his pre-contractual
position. _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (The Common Law Library) (H G Beale, gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at 26-067 takes the position that “(i)f,
at the time of contracting, it was within the reasonable contemplation of the
parties that the claimant would be able to recoup this expenditure [from the
benefit of the defendant’s performance of the contract], he may recover
damages for any wasted part of the expenditure arising from the breach”. The
author of _McGregor on Damages_ (_supra_), in similar vein, submit that the
decision should be regarded as being premised on “the assumption that a
contracting party expects to recover his expenses by the profit he makes and
as therefore giving him his potential loss of profit to the limit of his
expenditure, whether pre-contractual or post-contractual”.

55 The situation in the present case is similar. In my view, it was within the
reasonable contemplation of the parties that VDH’s pre-contractual expenditure
incurred in connection with due diligence and the negotiation and preparation
of the SOA would be wasted if Rotol was to breach the SOA, thereby causing VDH
to rescind the contract. Whilst, admittedly, in the context of a subscription
for shares, it may not be entirely appropriate to speak of VDH “recouping” its
expenditure from the “profit” it would make if the contract was duly
performed, the principle, in my view, remains the same. Clearly, in entering
into the SOA, VDH expected to derive a benefit from Rotol’s performance of the
SOA. That such benefit is not easily reducible to a monetary figure should not
preclude recoupment of the expenses incurred if the contract was not duly
performed. To put it another way, it may reasonably be inferred that, to VDH,
the benefit to be derived from Rotol’s performance of the SOA would have been
worth at least the expenditure incurred by VDH. (To that, a qualification
ought to be made; if the subscription for the shares under the SOA was a bad
bargain, Rotol could not put itself in a better position than if the SOA had
been duly performed. However, there was no suggestion by Rotol that such were
the circumstances here).

56 For all the foregoing reasons, I granted judgment to VDH and declared that
VDH was released and discharged from all obligations under the SOA. I also
ordered the following:

(a) that Rotol refunded VDH the $100,000 earnest money;

(b) that Rotol paid VDH $150,000 by way of special damages;

(c) that Rotol paid interest at 6% per annum on the $100,000 earnest money
from 9 September 2004 to date of refund; and

(d)  that costs be awarded to VDH and that the same be taxed.

I also dismissed Rotol’s counterclaim with costs to be taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

