Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man  
[2006] SGHC 14

Case Number | : | Suit 642/2001, RA 166/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Melvin Lum Kwong Hoe (Rajah and Tann) for the plaintiff; Michael Por Hock Sing, Anand Kumar and Siva Krishnasamy (Tan Lee and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd — Lau Yu Man   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Unless order – Nature of order – Test
for determining whether order is unless order or consent unless order –
Objective approach in ascertaining parties' intentions – Whether clear
evidence of agreement between parties – Whether clear terms of agreement
between parties  
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Inherent – Court's discretion to interpret
and enforce unless orders – Relevant principles – Whether party's conduct so
extreme that consent order should deprive it of rights in litigation – Order
92 r 4 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Contract – Mistake – Mutual or unilateral mistake – Whether agreement giving
rise to consent unless order existing between parties – Parties at cross-
purposes – Whether parties bound by agreement  
  

26 January 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction – unless orders and consent unless orders**

1**** The issue in this case is a simple one. The plaintiff alleged that the
defendant was in breach of a consent unless order, whereas the defendant
denied the very existence of such an order in the first instance – at least in
the manner the plaintiff had framed it. The assistant registrar found in
favour of the plaintiff , and hence refused to set aside the interlocutory
judgment entered in favour of the plaintiff for breach of the unless order,
with damages to be assessed. The defendant appealed. I allowed the defendant’s
appeal. The plaintiff has appealed against my decision. I now give the
detailed grounds for my decision.

2 The general law relating to unless (in contrast to _consent_ unless) orders
is clear. Such orders are issued by _the court_ only when this is considered
to be really necessary. To this end, they are draconian in nature and effect.
Because this is so, courts will enforce such orders only if the party breaches
the order both intentionally and contumeliously or contumaciously, although
the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff v Arjan Bhisham
Chotrani_ [1999] 1 SLR 750 (“the _Syed Mohamed_ case”) also pointed (at [13])
to an apparent requirement to the effect that “the failure to obey was due to
extraneous circumstances”. Tan Lee Meng J, who delivered the judgment of the
court, further observed thus (at [15]):

Whether or not there has been prejudice to the other party is also a factor to
be taken into account. The nature of the relief sought by the party in default
and whether or not the penalty imposed is proportionate to the default in
question are also relevant. _In short, all the circumstances of the case must
be taken into account._ [emphasis added]

3 In so far as the criterion of “extraneous circumstances” is concerned,
however, this may not be limited only to circumstances beyond the defaulting
party’s control, at least where exceptional circumstances can be demonstrated
(see _Singapore Court Practice 2005_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2005) at para 3/4/3; see also _RG_ _Carter (West Norfolk) Ltd v Ham Gray
Associates Ltd_ (1994) 42 ConLR 68). What is clear, as embodied in the
quotation above, is that all the circumstances of the case must be considered
by the court concerned.

4 The principles set out briefly above reflect the important task of balancing
the need to ensure compliance with the rules of civil procedure on the one
hand and the need to ensure that a party is deprived of its cause of action
only when its lack of compliance is so extreme as to justify such a drastic
consequence.

5 Nevertheless, some modification to these principles appears to be required
where the parties themselves enter into _an agreement_ that if the unless
order issued by the court is not complied with, the party in breach must,
_without more_ , suffer the drastic and draconian consequences of such a
breach. Such unless orders are termed “ _consent_ unless orders”.

6 However, consent unless orders are a rare species. Indeed, in the Singapore
context at least, there has, to the best of my knowledge, been only one such
reported decision – that of the Singapore High Court in _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v
Drew & Napier_ [2000] 3 SLR 244 (“the _Wiltopps_ case”).

7 The relative dearth of cases relating to consent unless orders is not
surprising. It is hard to envisage a party consenting to such an order in
order to “purchase” more time for, say, the filing and serving of an
affidavit. After all, it is almost invariably the court which has charge of
proceedings and which will therefore make an unless order in the event that
one party in whose favour such an order is made can demonstrate to its
satisfaction that there would otherwise be an abuse of process.

8 Given the drastic consequences that will ensue from the breach of a
_consent_ unless order, it is imperative that _the terms of the agreement in
question be clear and unambiguous_.

9 As, if not more, importantly, the inquiry into whether or not there was
indeed a consent unless order _must_ be ascertained on an _objective basis_.
This is consistent with the time-honoured approach towards the interpretation
of contracts and is emphasised – time and again – in the case law (see, for
example, the cases cited at [17] below) and is of the first importance in so
far as the facts and outcome of the present proceedings are concerned. Indeed,
as we shall see, it is precisely because counsel for the plaintiff had, with
respect, omitted to apply this very basic principle that he arrived at the
erroneous view that a consent unless order had been entered into between him
and counsel for the defendant in the present proceedings.

10 Even assuming that the parties did _prima facie_ enter into a consent
unless order, I will also consider whether or not any contractual doctrine
nevertheless operated to _vitiate_ that agreement. As we shall see, the
principal doctrine in this regard is that pertaining to the general doctrine
of _mistake_.

11 I also consider a broader basis that, as we shall see, also supports the
decision I have arrived at in these proceedings.

**Did the parties enter into a consent unless order and, if so, was it
vitiated?**

**_The imperative of objectivity_**

12 In order to ascertain which party is correct, an examination of what
_precisely_ transpired between the parties is imperative. Before proceeding to
analyse the salient facts and circumstances, a general (and important) point
of methodology which has a significant impact on this case ought to be
considered.

13 Counsel for the plaintiff had, at the initial hearing in these proceedings,
relied heavily on the learned assistant registrar’s own interpretation of the
order he (the assistant registrar) had earlier made and which the plaintiff
had (as we have seen) argued (and which the assistant registrar accepted) was
a consent unless order. I must confess that this had seemed to me a persuasive
approach at first blush because one would have thought that the assistant
registrar would have known best the type of order he had made. However, on
further reflection, it was clear that such an approach was _flawed_.

14 The _general_ (albeit crucial) starting-point is this: One has to adopt an
_objective_ approach towards ascertaining _the parties’ intentions_ at the
initial hearing before the assistant registrar and, indeed, before he made the
order concerned. In this regard, close attention had to be paid not only to
the parties’ own actions _in the context of the relevant surrounding
circumstances_ but also to the _language and terms of the actual order made by
the assistant registrar himself_. Looked at in this light, it is clear that
the assistant registrar’s own _subjective_ interpretation of the order he had
made earlier on, whilst not totally irrelevant, was clearly not decisive by
any means. Let me elaborate.

15 In the first instance, there had been an interval of time between the
making of the order and the assistant registrar’s interpretation of it
subsequently, which interpretation constituted the factual pith and marrow of
the present appeal. It is entirely possible that he might not have remembered
what he had done. Human memories are fallible and recollections of events do
fade with time. Indeed, given the intense hustle and bustle of everyday legal
life, the lapse of a few days – or even a few hours, in some instances – might
suffice to have this effect. This is _precisely why_ an _objective_ approach
is not only desirable, but _imperative_.

16 _More fundamentally_ , on _that subsequent_ occasion, the assistant
registrar would _himself_ have been _interpreting_ precisely what I had now to
interpret – bearing in mind that the present proceedings are, in a sense, a
rehearing of the matter. Indeed, he could _not_ ignore the fact that his
interpretation had to be consistent – to reiterate a very important point –
not only with parties’ own actions in the context of the relevant surrounding
circumstances but also with his own minutes _as well as_ the actual terms and
language of the actual order he had made. In other words, even his own
subjective understanding of the parties’ intentions _had to be subject to the
objective facts and circumstances concerned._ In this regard, he would, with
respect, have been in _no better a position than I was in so far as this
crucial issue (of interpretation) was concerned_.

17 _Even more_ importantly, and taking the point in the preceding paragraph
one logical step further, _the assistant registrar might, at the material
point in time, himself have misunderstood the parties’ intentions and, hence,
might have recorded their intentions wrongly_ (hence, the importance of his
own minutes, as alluded to in the preceding paragraph). _If so, then his
confirmation of what he thought he had done would still be erroneous, simply
because he would be subjectively confirming something that he had erroneously
recorded._ In this respect, _the learned assistant registrar’s minutes as well
as the_ _actual language and terms of the order made_ would also give us
valuable clues as to the parties’ actual intentions. And this is also why I
have taken pains to emphasise – more than once – the importance of the
parties’ own objective actions in the context of the surrounding
circumstances. What is crucial, taking the matter in the round, is _what the
objective evidence tells us_. That is why it is now firmly established law and
practice in the common law of contract that whether or not a valid agreement
has been arrived at by the parties concerned (here, as between the plaintiff
and the defendant) _must_ be ascertained on an _objective_ basis. The
authorities, even in the local context alone, are legion (see, for example,
the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v
Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR 405 at [40]–[41]; _Projection Pte Ltd v
The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 399 at [15]; _The “Rainbow
Spring”_ [2003] 3 SLR 362 at [20]; and _Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 502 at [30] (“the _Digilandmall_ case”)). Let me now proceed
to examine that evidence on precisely the objective basis that is, as I have
just mentioned, an established (even mandatory) part of the contractual
landscape of the common law.

**_Was there a consent unless order entered into between the parties?_**

18 Was there, on the _objective facts and evidence_ , a _consent_ unless order
entered into by the parties in the present proceedings? Consistent with the
need for adopting an objective approach, a review of the _relevant_ facts
_and_ context would be appropriate.

19 What seems to me to be an important fact is something which was not in fact
emphasised by either party. The significance of this fact will become clear in
due course. And it is this: On 27 May 2005, during a pre-trial conference, the
learned Registrar wanted, in fact, to impose _unless orders_ on _both_
parties. This is not surprising if one views the rather protracted nature of
the proceedings themselves. In this regard, I should point out that the
_plaintiff_ also appeared to contribute, in no small measure, to the many
delays concerned.

20 Returning to the specific facts surrounding the present proceedings in a
more immediate fashion, it should be noted that the plaintiff was supposed to
file four affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) whilst the defendant was
supposed to file three AEICs.

21 On the plaintiff’s part, three AEICs were in fact filed on 9 June 2005 and
served the next day, _viz_ , on 10 June 2005. Hence, one AEIC remained to be
filed. Two points should be noted at this juncture with respect to this
particular AEIC. First, this AEIC was an important one inasmuch as it emanated
from a _principal_ witness. Secondly, no prior draft of this particular AEIC
had been given to the defendant. The defendant only had sight of the final
version of the AEIC when it was filed and served at 6.50pm on 21 June 2005. I
shall return to the significance of this particular time frame later.

22 On the defendant’s part, none of the AEICs had been filed prior to a
further pre-trial conference before the learned senior assistant registrar
(“SAR”) on 10 June 2005. At that particular hearing, however, counsel for the
defendant had promised the SAR to file and serve two out of the three AEICs by
that day (_viz_ , 10 June 2005) itself. It should be noted, at this point,
that _no unless orders_ had been made against _either_ party up to that
particular point in time. Indeed, as we shall see, the _first time_ an unless
order was made was by the learned assistant registrar on 14 June 2005 (against
the defendant, and which is the principal focus of the present proceedings).
But, of that, more later. In so far as the proceedings on 10 June 2005 were
concerned, the learned SAR ordered the defendant to file and serve the
abovementioned two AEICs by that same day (_viz_ , 10 June 2005) _and_ also
ordered _both_ parties to file and serve their remaining affidavits by 15 June
2005 (these would include the defendant’s third AEIC and the plaintiff’s
remaining AEIC by its principal witness, respectively). What transpired
thereafter is even more instructive and pertinent in so far as the genesis of
the present proceedings is concerned.

23 The defendant did not file and serve the aforementioned two AEICs by 10
June 2005. There was thus a breach of the order of the SAR – albeit a
technical one, given the time frame concerned. The plaintiff applied, on 13
June 2005, by way of Summons in Chambers No 2391 of 2005 (“SIC 2391/2005”),
for an _unless order_ against the defendant. In particular, the plaintiff
applied (in so far as time frames were concerned) that unless the defendant
filed and served these first two AEICs by 4.00pm on 14 June 2005 and its third
(and remaining) AEIC by 5.00pm on 15 June 2005, “the Amended Defence be struck
out against the Defendants _without further attendance or order_ ” [emphasis
added]. At this juncture, we have arrived at the heart of the present
proceedings which centre on the application in SIC 2391/2005. Before the
actual hearing of this application before the learned assistant registrar on
14 June 2005, counsel for both parties had had, in fact, a discussion outside
the assistant registrar’s chambers. This discussion is in fact extremely
important but, as we shall see, the only real evidence of the contents of this
discussion is embodied in the _minutes_ recorded by the assistant registrar,
to which I now turn.

24 Indeed, because of the importance of these minutes, the material part is
set out in full, as follows (noting that these are the minutes _as recorded by
the assistant registrar_ himself):

Defendant’s Counsel : We had a short discussion and have come to a compromise.
Initial order for us to _exchange_ affidavits of evidence-in-chief (AEICs) by
tomorrow. I am unable to comply with the timelines. _I had provided unaffirmed
AEICs in advance_.

: We have come to a compromise to fix _next Tuesday_ , 21 June 2005 as the
date _for exchange of AEICs. Learned friend wishes to record this as an unless
order._

Plaintiff’s Counsel : Objections to have been filed by this Thursday and set
down this Friday. _Wish for unless order_ for defendants _to files_ [sic] _and
serve their AEICs on us_. We have only 1 AEIC left, which is ready and we can
_file_ that next Tuesday. _Asking_ for _this not_ to be an unless order as no
history of bridge [_sic_] [breach].

Ct : Defendant to provide Plaintiffs with draft unsworn copy of remaining AEIC
forthwith. Defendants to file and serve AEICs by Tuesday, 21 June 2005,
failing which judgment for Plaintiffs. Plaintiff to file and serve remaining
AEIC by Tuesday, 21 June 2005.

: Objections by Thursday, 23 June 2005; set-down by Friday, 24 June 2005.

[emphasis added]

25 It is important to note that the relevant order of court did _not_ in fact
state anywhere therein that this was one “By Consent” or anything to like
effect. The relevant orders simply read as follows:

3\. the Defendants file and serve their Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief by
Tuesday, 21 June 2005, failing which Judgment will be entered in the matter
for the Plaintiffs.

4\. the Plaintiffs file and serve their fourth Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
by Tuesday, 21 June 2005.

26 What followed should also be noted. The defendant in fact managed to give
_substantive drafts_ of two out of three AEICs _one week prior to_ the 21 June
2005 deadline (and as noted by counsel for the defendant during the hearing
before the learned assistant registrar as noted above at [24]). In addition,
the defendant _filed_ the final version of these two AEICs on _21 June 2005_.
_However_ , it only _served_ the final version of these two AEICs on the
plaintiff on _22 June 2005_ – _one day after_ the deadline imposed by the
court. It has, I understand, since abandoned efforts to file and serve the
third AEIC.

27 On the plaintiff’s part, there was, it will be recalled, one remaining AEIC
to be filed and served – although it was, as was already noted, a significant
one. It will also be recalled that no prior draft had been given to the
defendant. This particular AEIC was in fact _filed and served_ at _6.50pm_ _on
21 June 2005_.

28 Before analysing the various arguments proffered by counsel for the
respective parties and (more importantly) the objective evidence available,
the key issue in these proceedings should be reiterated: Was the unless order
made on 14 June 2005 a _consent_ unless order? It is clear, in my view, that
this particular unless order was _not_ a _consent_ unless order.

29 The simple conclusion that I am compelled by the objective evidence to
arrive at is simply that the parties concerned did _not_ enter into any
_binding_ agreement in the first instance. The guiding principles in this
particular respect were laid down by Lord Denning MR in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR 185
(“the _Siebe Gorman_ case”). In that case, the learned Master of the Rolls
observed thus (at 189):

We have had a discussion about “consent orders”. It should be clearly
understood by the profession that, _when an order is expressed to be made “by
consent”, it is ambiguous. There are two meanings to the words “by consent”._
That was observed by Lord Greene M.R. in _Chandless-Chandless v Nicholson_
[1942] 2 K.B. 321, 324. _One meaning is this: the words “by consent” may
evidence a real contract between the parties._ In such a case the court will
only interfere with such an order on the same grounds as it would with any
other contract. _The other meaning is this: the words “by consent” may mean
“the parties hereto not objecting.” In such a case there is no real contract
between the parties. The order can be altered or varied by the court in the
same circumstances as any other order that is made by the court without the
consent of the parties. In every case it is necessary to discover which
meaning is used. Does the order evidence a real contract between the parties?
Or does it only evidence an order made without objection?_ [emphasis added]

The principles embodied in the above quotation have since been reaffirmed in a
great many cases (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decisions of
_Greater London Council_ _v Rush Tomkins_ (1984) 128 SJ 722 (full transcript
available on Lexis), _RG Carter (West Norfolk) Ltd v Ham Gray Associates Ltd_
(1994) 42 ConLR 68 (“the _Carter_ case”), _Boyle v Hagerty_ (unreported, 29
October 1987, full transcript available on Lexis), as well as the English High
Court decision of _Wembley Laboratories Ltd v Joyce Ground Engineering Ltd_
(1989) 19 ConLR 143).

30 It is clear, in my view, that the fact situation in the present proceedings
fell within the _second_ category referred to by Lord Denning MR in the _Siebe
Gorman_ case and as set out in the preceding paragraph. The discussion between
counsel for the parties outside the assistant registrar’s chambers was, to all
intents and purposes, a short one. There were apparently no prior negotiations
and certainly no clear written correspondence – a point to which I shall have
occasion to return below. _I should also point out, at this juncture, that_
_nowhere in the order of 14 June 2005 are the words “By consent” or similar
language used in the first place_. But _even if_ we leave that aside for the
moment (although it constitutes, in my view, a virtually insuperable obstacle
to the plaintiff’s case, in and of itself), it is clear that all counsel for
the defendant was intending in the present proceedings was not to object to
the making of an unless order against his client. As we shall see below, if he
was intending to enter into a binding agreement at all, the terms he
contemplated (centring on the _exchange_ of AEICs) were _quite different_. I
shall, in fairness to the plaintiff, be analysing the facts of the present
proceedings from _that_ possibility as well. For our present purposes,
however, I need only point out that the facts of the present proceedings are
very similar to those in the _Siebe Gorman_ case itself. Indeed, Neuberger J,
in the English High Court decision of _Ropac Ltd v Inntrepreneur Pub Co (CPC)
Ltd_ [2001] L&TR 10, observed at 101–102 that “[i]n _Siebe Gorman_ , … the
parties were _negotiating the terms of the alleged consent order at the door
of the Master’s room, and it was a fairly quickly agreed order_ ” [emphasis
added]. Indeed, that was why, in the _Siebe Gorman_ case, the court held that
the consent order concerned _did not even evidence a contract in the first
instance, but only meant that no objection had been taken by the parties to
the order that had been made_. In the event, the court held that the order
concerned was subject to the court’s power in the exercise of its discretion
under Ord 3 r 5(1) of the (then) English Rules of Court to extend time for
compliance with it. As importantly, in that particular case, the consent order
actually contained the words “By consent”; indeed the relevant order there
read as follows:

_[B]y consent_ it is ordered that the plaintiffs do within 10 days from
inspection of the defendants’ documents make and file an affidavit … and that
in default of complying with this order the plaintiffs’ claim against the
defendants herein be struck out. [emphasis added]

Interestingly, Templeman LJ, in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Tigner-Roche & Co Ltd v Spiro_ (1982) 126 SJ 525 (full transcript available
on Lexis) (“the _Tigner-Roche_ case”), observed, in a similar vein, that “[i]n
the Siebe Gorman case, in effect, the plaintiffs merely bowed their heads and
submitted to such an [unless] order”.

31 The English Court of Appeal decision of _Greater London Council v Rush
Tomkins_ ([29] _supra_) may also be usefully noted. In this particular case
(in which the court held that no binding contractual arrangement had been
entered into between the parties on the facts), Kerr LJ observed thus:

I do not think that, by making an agreement in the corridor outside the Court,
the Plaintiffs were signing away by contract their whole position. It was not
a contractual arrangement.

32 And in _Boyle v Hagerty_ ([29] _supra_), it was held (applying the
principles in the _Siebe Gorman_ case) that no binding contract had been
entered into between the parties. Sir George Waller observed that “the
evidence [in this case] shows that this arrangement was made on the telephone,
very much like the arrangement which was made in the corridor [in _Siebe v
Gorman_]”.

33 The fact situation that arose from the present proceedings as well as the
sample of cases hitherto may be usefully contrasted with the respective fact
situations where the respective courts in fact held that there were binding
contracts entered into. These cases are discussed briefly below at [40]–[49]
after considering the factual matrix on the alternative assumption that the
parties _intended_ to enter into a _binding_ agreement.

34 However, even _assuming_ that there was at least the _possibility_ of a
_binding_ contractual agreement having been entered into between the parties
in the present proceedings, it is my view that, based on established
principles of contract law, no agreement had in fact been arrived at between
the parties in any event. Let me elaborate. Looking, once again, at the
minutes recorded by the learned assistant registrar who made the unless order,
it is clear that there was _no consensus ad idem_ between the parties. It was
clear that counsel for the defendant was under the impression that the
compromise arrived at between the parties outside the assistant registrar’s
chambers was one where the parties would _exchange_ their respective AEICs.
This is clear from counsel for the defendant’s statement as recorded (and
noted above at [24]). Indeed, counsel for the defendant is recorded as
referring to an _exchange_ of AEICs _twice_. It is true that counsel for the
plaintiff is recorded as referring to the defendant having to _file and serve_
its AEICs. It is clear, at this juncture, that even if I take the plaintiff’s
case at its best or highest, there was clearly _no_ concluded agreement
between the parties. They were simply at _cross-purposes_ inasmuch as counsel
for the defendant was under the impression that the parties were to _exchange_
AEICs, whereas counsel for the plaintiff was not. Recall that the _essence_ of
the parties’ arrangement had taken place _outside_ the learned assistant
registrar’s chambers. What transpired _within_ was merely a reflection of what
had already been agreed upon _outside_. Looking closely at the minutes as
recorded by the assistant registrar, it is clear to me that in so far as
counsel for the defendant was concerned, the agreement, if there was to be
one, was for the _exchange_ of AEICs. As it happens, counsel for the plaintiff
wanted an _additional_ _potential sanction_ (of an unless order), which
counsel for the defendant _did not object to_ (hence, his reference at [24]
above to the effect that “[l]earned friend wishes to record this as an unless
order”).

35 Counsel for the plaintiff did argue, _inter alia_ , that as the plaintiff
had already filed and served three out of the four AEICs, there was no
requirement for an exchange of AEICs as such. Whilst seemingly attractive,
this argument ignores the fact that the plaintiff’s final AEIC was from a
_principal_ witness, the draft of which (as I have already noted) the
defendant never had sight of. As I have also noted, the first time the
defendant did have sight of it was when the final version was in fact filed
and served on the defendant at 6.50pm on 21 June 2005 (and see [21] above). It
should also be noted that the plaintiff had _not_ in fact filed and served
_all_ its AEICs. Although only one remained to be filed and served, _this did
not, ipso facto, preclude there being an exchange of affidavits_ –
particularly if we bear in mind the fact that an exchange can take place
provided that each party has _at least one_ AEIC to exchange with the other
party _and_ the fact that there can be a meaningful exchange of AEICs from not
merely a quantitative but also from a qualitative perspective (bearing in mind
the further fact that the plaintiff’s remaining AEIC emanated from a
_principal_ witness).

36 More importantly, the objective evidence clearly indicates that in so far
as the defendant was concerned, an _exchange_ of AEICs was contemplated. In
this regard, I want (and am, indeed, enjoined) to return to the _objective
facts_. As already noted above (at [24]), the defendant had already given
substantive drafts of two out of three of its AEICs to the plaintiff. More
significantly (also noted at [24] above), it had _filed_ these two AEICs on
_21 June 2005_. In other words, the defendant had _filed_ its two AEICs
_within_ the deadline (of 21 June 2005). The crucial question that arises is
this: Why did the defendant not file _and serve_ these two AEICs within the 21
June 2005 deadline? Indeed, it appears that there was no impediment whatsoever
to its doing so. In this regard, I accept counsel for the defendant’s
explanation that this was due to the fact that the understanding between the
parties (in so far as the defendant was concerned) was that there be an
_exchange_ of AEICs _on 21 June 2005_. This would explain why the defendant
delayed _serving_ the two AEICs on 21 June 2005 since, as just noted, it was
under the distinct impression that the parties would _exchange_ their AEICs
_on that very same date_. That this was the defendant’s understanding is
underscored by the letters it had sent to counsel for the plaintiff _and_ by
the fact that, _in extremis_ , it (the defendant) had applied for an _urgent_
unless order of its own in order to compel the plaintiff to file and serve its
AEIC when it became clear that it (the plaintiff) was not going to do so. In
this last-mentioned regard, I note that although the plaintiff did ultimately
file and serve its AEIC on the defendant, this was effected at _6.50pm on 21
June 2005 itself_. The plaintiff argued that it was within its rights to do
so, so long as it did so prior to midnight on 21 June 2005. I must pause here
to observe that this argument, even if legally acceptable, is highly
technical. Indeed, I would have thought that the traditional assumption would
be that an affidavit would be filed by 5.00pm or (at its latest) by 6.00pm
(the extra hour taking into account the common five-day working week adopted
by most organisations nowadays).

37 I note, further, that the defendant in fact served its two AEICs on the
plaintiff at _the first opportunity it could after realising that the
plaintiff had no intention of exchanging AEICs. This would explain why service
of these AEICs was effected the very next day, albeit (unfortunately) after
the deadline, viz, 22 June 2005, when having already been filed, they could
otherwise have been so easily served on the plaintiff within the 21 June 2005
deadline_. I am prepared to assume that the plaintiff was under the impression
that the arrangement did not entail the exchange of AEICs. However, as I have
already pointed out, even allowing thus for what is in my view a generous
interpretation of the objective evidence available, this would still have
meant that the parties were _not ad idem_ _and_ that, therefore, the order
made by the learned assistant registrar on 14 June 2005 was not a consent
unless order. All this, as I shall elaborate on later, has implications for
various aspects of the law of mistake which would also, as we shall see, apply
to the present proceedings. However, I should point out that it is not even
necessary for me to go so far as to consider the law relating to mistake as,
in my view, there was _no contract or agreement in the first instance_.
However, as I have just indicated, if it is necessary, I would _further_ hold
that _even if_ there had been an agreement (which I do _not_ find), _this
agreement had, in any event, been vitiated by the doctrine of mutual or
unilateral mistake_ (see generally at [55]–[77] below).

38 It bears repeating that _nowhere in the order of 14 June 2005 are the words
“By consent” or similar language used_ (see also at [25] and [30] above). This
merely seals my conclusion that _no consent_ unless order was made by the
learned assistant registrar. The plaintiff argued (not surprisingly, of
course) that the assistant registrar had subsequently interpreted his order
otherwise. I have already dealt with this argument in some detail above (at
[13]–[17]) and will therefore not repeat my analysis, save to point out, once
again, that if the objective evidence and premises are otherwise, no amount of
interpretation to the contrary would be of any avail in so far as the
plaintiff is concerned. Indeed, the absence of such words ought, in my view,
to have alerted the assistant registrar to the fact that perhaps the argument
by counsel for the plaintiff that a consent unless order had been entered into
was not really persuasive. Admittedly, there is reference to a compromise in
the assistant registrar’s minutes (see at [24] above). However, a compromise
does not necessarily entail a binding agreement (and see the discussion of the
_Siebe Gorman_ case at [29] above). Further, if there had indeed been a
binding agreement between the parties, then this would have been in respect of
an _exchange_ of AEICs, as already discussed above.

39 I am heartened to note that the relevant case law (including, significantly
in my view, the _Wiltopps_ case itself) supports my analysis of the facts in
the present proceedings as set out above. A few of these cases have in fact
already been referred to above. Before I proceed to consider briefly the other
cases in the context of the facts in the present proceedings, I should state
that there is at least one unifying thread that is of the first importance in
the context of the present proceedings, and which has already been alluded to
above: That in order for any contract or agreement to be concluded, it must be
clearly established by the evidence _and_ that its terms must be clear. This
is, of course, basic contract law. It is, nevertheless, a basic point that is
even more important in the light of the draconian consequences that would
issue in the event of a breach of a consent unless order.

40 Turning to relevant decisions in general and (perhaps appropriately, in the
circumstances) the _Wiltopps_ case ([6] _supra_) first, default judgment was
given against the plaintiffs whose conduct, it should be noted, was wholly
unreasonable and dilatory on the facts of that particular case itself. This is
significant as the facts of the present case are, as we have seen, quite
different. Indeed, in the _Wiltopps_ case itself, the learned judge, Lee Seiu
Kin JC, did not even need to rely on the binding effect of the consent unless
order as he found that the plaintiffs’ conduct was so contumacious and
contumelious that the court would not, in any event, exercise its discretion
to set aside the order.

41 It is nevertheless admitted that Lee JC did in fact find that there was a
consent unless order on the facts of that case. But what are important are the
salient facts which led the learned judge to that finding. The first was that
counsel for the plaintiffs was recorded as stating thus ([6] _supra_ at 249,
[13]): “We are prepared to accept an unless order, provided that the summons
in chambers is for seven days.” More importantly, the court gave the following
consent order which counsel for the plaintiffs ultimately extracted, as
follows:

_By consent_ the plaintiffs do exchange the affidavits of Evidence-In-Chief of
Willard Choy Wai Lok and Toshio Kosone with the defendants’ affidavits of
Evidence-In-Chief by 11 April 1998. In default, the plaintiff’s action do
stand dismissed with costs _without further order_. [emphasis added]

42 It will be seen that the context in the _Wiltopps_ case involved an
exchange of AEICs. More importantly, the order as recorded was clearly a
consent order inasmuch as the words “By consent” were utilised. This is in
marked contrast to the present proceedings, as already noted above.

43 Lest it be thought that the words “By consent” are merely redundant (this
was in fact the argument which counsel for the plaintiff proffered with regard
to the words “without further order” in the _Wiltopps_ case, which were added
at the end of the order in that case), it should be reiterated – and, indeed,
emphasised – that because of the special (and, more importantly, draconian)
nature of a _consent_ unless order, the order itself has to be expressed with
the _utmost clarity_. This was, as we have seen, in fact effected in the
_Wiltopps_ case itself. Indeed, the further words “without further order” at
the end of the order in that case ought, in my view, to be read in conjunction
with the words at the beginning, _viz_ , “By consent”. This approach is in
fact supported by the language in the judgment of Lee JC himself in the
_Wiltopps_ case ([6] _supra_ at [20] and, especially, [24]) and, incidentally,
detracts from the argument of counsel for the plaintiff briefly alluded to
above (especially since the learned judge expressly quoted (at [20]) the
actual words, “without further order”, which were expressly set out in the
relevant order itself). In any event, I note, with some curiosity, that
counsel for the plaintiff had in fact included the words “without further
attendance or order” in its application (see [25] above), although no
objections were apparently taken when these words or words to like effect were
not ultimately included in the learned assistant registrar’s order). Be that
as it may, the critical words are “By consent”. After all, that is what the
order purports to be – a _consent_ order.

44 I also note that the consent order made by the court in the English
decision of _Mullins v Howell_ (1879) 11 Ch D 763 also utilised the words “by
consent” – again, in contrast to the order made in the present proceedings.

45 While one should not adopt too technical an approach, it is clear that
because of the significant (and draconian) effects that the breach of a
_consent_ unless order could engender, it is, in my view, imperative that the
nature of such an order be clear and unambiguous. Indeed, and as we have seen,
the clearest method of effecting this has not only been adopted in the case
law but is also the most obvious and commonsensical – and that is to utilise
the words “by consent” or at least language to like effect in the order
itself. This was clearly _not_ done in the present proceedings. As I have
already pointed out, this is not surprising as the order concerned did not
reflect a _consensus ad idem_ between the parties in the first instance.
Indeed, the following observations by Lord Greene MR in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Chandless-Chandless v Nicholson_ [1942] 2 KB 321 at 324
may also be usefully noted, especially in the light of my findings in the
present proceedings:

The original order which Master Ball made _is not on its face expressed to be
a consent order, and if it was a consent order it can only have been a very
regrettable mistake or inadvertence that that circumstance was not expressed
in it. If an order is made by consent the practice should invariably be that
it should on the face of it be expressed so to have been made. When the court
finds an order which is not expressed to be made by consent it certainly is
not going to treat it as a consent order unless it is satisfied that it was in
fact a consent order. In the present case I am left in considerable doubt
whether this order was a consent order in the strict sense_. There is a great
deal of difference between a consent order in the technical sense and an order
which embodies provisions to which neither party objects. The mere fact that
one side submits to an order does not make that order a consent order within
the technical meaning of that expression, and I am not in the least bit
satisfied, _having regard to the conflicting statements which we have before
us as to how this order came to be drawn up_ , that it was a consent order in
the technical sense. [emphasis added]

46 I turn, now, to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Purcell v F C
Trigell Ltd_ [1971] 1 QB 358 (“ _Purcell_ ”). It will figure again in a later
part of this judgment. However, it is, as we shall see, of no less importance
in the present part of this judgment. This decision in fact involved a consent
unless order. However, what is important, in so far as the present proceedings
are concerned, is the manner in which the consent unless order was arrived at
in _Purcell_ itself. This was by way of an exchange of letters as well as a
subsequent telephone conversation. The contents of the letters themselves are
instructive. On 6 August 1969, the defendants’ solicitors had written to the
plaintiff’s solicitors as follows (see at 362):

In an attempt to avoid our unnecessarily journeying to Winchester on the
hearing of your application, would you please _agree_ to the registrar making
an order that _unless_ the defendants answer the interrogatories as ordered
_within 14 days_ _that their defence be struck out_? [emphasis added]

The plaintiff’s solicitors replied to the defendants’ solicitors on 7 August
1969, as follows:

We would _be prepared to agree_ an order for interrogatories to be delivered
_in seven days or defence of both defendants struck out_ and with the costs of
this application to be borne by the defendants in any event. [emphasis added]

There followed a telephone conversation. The result of all this was that, on
11 August 1969, a _consent_ order was entered into between the parties on the
following terms:

It is ordered that _as agreed the defence of both defendants be struck out
unless answers to the interrogatories ordered be delivered within ten days and
unless a full disclosure as ordered be made within ten days._ [emphasis added]

47 I would note two points arising from the above factual matrix in _Purcell_.
The first is that there was, _unlike_ the _present_ proceedings, _clear
objective evidence_ (much of it set out in _writing_) of an agreement or
contract between the parties in question. It is no wonder, then, that Lord
Denning MR, in _Purcell_ , was of the view (at 364) that the consent order
“was deliberately made, with full knowledge, with the full agreement of the
solicitors on both sides” (see also _per_ Winn and Buckley LJJ at 365 and 366,
respectively). The second is that the words “as agreed” were in fact utilised
in the consent order made by the court. Again, this is in contrast to the
situation in the present proceedings.

48 It is also significant that, in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Greater London Council v Rush Tomkins_ ([29] _supra_), Kerr LJ observed that
_Purcell_ “was not a case of an agreement reached at the door of the court”.

49 And in the _Tigner-Roche_ case ([30] _supra_), it was held that the order
in that particular case “embodied the result of detailed negotiations and
formed a contract between the parties”. In particular, Templeman LJ was of the
view that “there was a contract, and the terms of that contract were detailed
and precise”; indeed, “[t]he terms of that contract could not have been
obtained by the plaintiffs by a mere submission on the part of the
defendants”. Similarly, in _Ropac Ltd v Inntrepreneur Pub Co (CPC) Ltd_ ([30]
_supra_ at 102), Neuberger J noted that it appeared “that the terms of the
order [in that case] were negotiated over a period of four or five days
between solicitors, and that the order, in its final form, was drafted by the
landlord’s solicitor and sent to the tenant’s solicitor’s office and approved
by him”. The learned judge added that “the landlord’s solicitor has deposed,
and I have no reason to doubt, that the landlord would have insisted on
proceeding until the hearing of its application, if these precise terms had
not been agreed”.

50 I find, therefore, that, on the facts as well as relevant case law, no
consent unless order was entered into by the parties in the present
proceedings. At this juncture, some general observations might be apposite.

51 In the commercial context in general and in the context of litigation in
particular, the quality of mercy is, unfortunately, strained – often to
breaking point, and beyond. It not only does not drop like the gentle rain
from heaven upon the place beneath but, on the contrary, is often swallowed up
in the ensuing maelstrom generated as a result of the adversarial process.
However, I hasten to add that the quality of _justice_ ought not – indeed,
cannot – be strained. The attainment of both procedural and substantive
justice lies at the very core of the ideal of the enterprise of the law
itself.

52 The Shakespearian allusion in the preceding paragraph can in fact be taken
further: If a party seeks to exact its “pound of flesh”, it must adhere to the
legal requirements strictly. I am heartened to note, at this juncture, that an
insistence on the fulfilment of strict compliance to the legal terms –
occasionally resulting in substantive injustice – is, in the context of
situations such as the present, in fact productive of precisely the opposite
result. Put another way, the letter and the spirit of the law, on this
particular occasion at least, go together, hand-in-glove. As we have already
seen, the legal requirements for a clear and unambiguous agreement (here, of
an alleged consent unless order) were missing and, hence, the interlocutory
judgment entered in favour of the plaintiff, with damages to be assessed, had
(in my view) to be set aside.

53 In other words, and speaking at the level of general principle, whilst
structure might sometimes stifle substance, the aim ought always to be to
integrate the two. The former ought to aid in the attainment of the latter. On
occasion, however, the adherence to structure leads to substantive injustice
when it is applied in a situation shorn of its proper context. This would in
fact have been the (undesirable) result of accepting counsel for the
plaintiff’s arguments in the present proceedings.

54 I turn, now, to a related issue which has – unlike that of offer and
acceptance – often been considered more at the level of substance as opposed
to structure. This may, if I might observe parenthetically, be somewhat
misleading inasmuch as, from some quarters at least, the law relating to
mistake overlaps – and might even be coincident – with that relating to offer
and acceptance. This is a point to which I return briefly below.

**_The doctrine of mistake_**

55 The doctrine has traditionally been classified into various categories. In
the Singapore High Court decision of _Chong Sze Pak v Har Meng Wo_ [1998] 1
SLR 472, Lim Teong Qwee JC observed as follows (at [26]):

It seems to me that the principles which can be deduced from the cases are
these. Equity will intervene to grant relief where a party is mistaken as to
the terms of an offer and concludes a contract on the mistaken terms if in the
opinion of the court it is unconscientious for the other party to avail
himself of the legal advantage he has obtained. Relief may be granted in these
cases:

(a) [I]f a party knows that the other is so mistaken and lets him remain under
his delusion and concludes a contract on the mistaken terms instead of
pointing out the mistake …

(b) Where the mistake of a party is induced by the other even if innocently …

(c) Where hardship amounting to injustice would be inflicted on the mistaken
party by holding him to his bargain and it is unreasonable to hold him to it …

(d) Where one party is aware that the other party is under some serious
mistake or misapprehension about the content or subject matter of a
fundamental term and deliberately sets out to ensure that he does not become
aware of the mistake or misapprehension …

56 And, in a similar vein, in the recent Singapore Court of Appeal decision in
the _Digilandmall_ case, Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, observed thus ([17] _supra_ at [33]):

Indeed, in law, there are three categories of mistake, namely, common, mutual
and unilateral mistakes. In a common mistake, both parties make the same
mistake. In a mutual mistake, both parties misunderstand each other and are at
cross-purposes. In a unilateral mistake, only one of the parties makes a
mistake and the other party knows of his mistake.

57 There are, in fact, two potential (and, as it will turn out, actual)
applications of the doctrine on the facts of the present proceedings.

58 I find, first, that the doctrine of _mutual_ mistake applies. This follows,
in fact, from my finding above to the effect that there has been no concluded
agreement to begin with. The doctrine of mutual mistake _overlaps completely_
, in my view, with the doctrine of offer and acceptance, dealing with the
issue of the _formation_ of a pre-existing transaction as opposed to a
mistaken payment _simpliciter_ (and see, for this last-mentioned distinction,
_per_ Lai Kew Chai J in the Singapore High Court decision of _Info-
communications Development Authority of Singapore v Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd (No 2)_ [2002] 3 SLR 488, especially at [85]–[89]). Put
simply, this particular aspect of the law relating to mistake is simply the
result of _a lack of coincidence between offer and acceptance_. In other
words, both parties are at _cross-purposes_ and, hence, _no_ agreement or
contract has been formed as a result.

59 Secondly, assuming that the parties in the present proceedings were not in
fact at cross-purposes, then I accept counsel for the defendant’s argument
that counsel for the plaintiff must, as a reasonable person, have known that
the then counsel for the defendant was labouring under a mistake and that,
therefore, the doctrine of _unilateral_ mistake applied to vitiate the
agreement between the parties. I have in fact just expressed the view that the
situation was, rather, one of mutual mistake. However, taken at its _lowest_ ,
I accept the argument that the situation in this case constituted,
_alternatively_ , a situation of unilateral mistake.

60 There was once some controversy as to the _type or kind_ _of knowledge_
required on the part of the non-mistaken party with regard to the mistake
concerned. In particular, was _actual_ knowledge of the mistake required, or
would _constructive_ knowledge suffice, assuming of course that there had been
a sufficiently important or fundamental mistake as to a term in the first
instance? This issue has now been resolved by the Court of Appeal in the
_Digilandmall_ case. In that case, the court clearly laid down the principle
that, in so far as unilateral mistake at _common law_ was concerned, _actual_
knowledge was required (see generally the analysis in [17] _supra_ ,
especially at [37]–[55]). Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, observed thus (at [42]–[43]):

In order to enable the court to come to the conclusion that the non-mistaken
party had actual knowledge of the mistake, the court would go through a
process of reasoning where it may consider what a reasonable person, placed in
the similar situation, would have known. In this connection, we would refer to
what is called “Nelsonian knowledge”, namely, wilful blindness or shutting
one’s eyes to the obvious. Clearly, if the court finds that the non-mistaken
party is guilty of wilful blindness, it will be in line with logic and reason
to hold that that party had actual knowledge.

This then gives rise to the question as to the circumstances under which a
party should make inquiry. When should such a party make inquiries failing
which he would be considered to be shutting his eyes to the obvious? We do not
think this question is amenable to a clear definitive answer. Situations in
which such a question could arise are infinite. But we could accept what Mance
J said in _OT Africa Line Ltd v Vickers Plc_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 700 (“ _OT
Africa_ ”) at 703 that there must be a “real reason to suppose the existence
of a mistake”. What would constitute “real reason” must again depend on the
circumstances of each case. Academicians may well query whether this should be
based on an “objective” or “subjective” test. At the end of the day, the court
must approach it sensibly. The court must be satisfied that the non-mistaken
party is, in fact, privy to a “real reason” that warrants the making of an
inquiry.

61 The learned judge then proceeded to observe as follows (at [46]):

However, it is vital not to conflate actual knowledge of the mistake by the
non-mistaken party with deemed or constructive knowledge by that party for the
reason that the consequences _vis-à-vis_ innocent third parties are different.
A contract void under common law is void _ab initio_ and no third parties can
acquire rights under it … Where a contract is voidable under equity, the court
in determining whether to grant relief would have regard to rights acquired
_bona fide_ by third parties.

62 Somewhat later on in his judgment, Chao JA summarised the position as
follows (at [53]):

In our opinion, it is only where the court finds that there is actual
knowledge that the case comes within the ambit of the common law doctrine of
unilateral mistake. There is no _consensus ad idem_. The concept of
constructive notice is basically an equitable concept: see _The English and
Scottish Mercantile Investment Company, Limited v Brunton_ [1892] 2 QB 700 at
707 _per_ Lord Esher MR. In the absence of actual knowledge on the part of the
non-mistaken party, a contract should not be declared void under the common
law as there would then be no reason to displace the objective principle. To
the extent that the judge below seems to have thought otherwise, _ie_ , that
where the non-mistaken party has constructive knowledge of the mistake the
contract thus entered into would be void under common law, we would
respectfully differ.

63 The court then proceeded to endorse the doctrine of unilateral mistake in
_equity_ , distinguishing the English Court of Appeal decision of _Great Peace
Shipping Ltd v Tsavliris Salvage (International) Ltd_ [2003] QB 679 which had
held (albeit in the context of _common_ mistake) that there was no doctrine of
mistake in equity. Indeed, Chao JA went further; in his words (at [74]):

However, we would go further than that. We would be loath to hold that there
is no equitable jurisdiction in the courts with regard to unilateral mistake
just because it may be difficult to delineate the scope or extent of that
jurisdiction. By its very nature, the manner in which equity should be applied
must depend on the facts of each case and the dictates of justice. Equity has
intervened in many aspects of human dealings in the contractual setting.

64 The learned judge further elaborated on the above views at, especially,
[77] and [88].

65 Most importantly, perhaps, the learned judge laid down the _criteria_ under
which the doctrine of unilateral mistake in _equity_ would operate as follows
(at [80]):

Where the case falls within the common law doctrine of unilateral mistake,
there is, in effect, no contract. There will be no room for equity to
intervene. But where it does not and the court finds that there is
constructive knowledge on the part of the non-mistaken party, the court would,
in the exercise of its equitable jurisdiction, be entitled to intervene and
grant relief when it is unconscionable for the non-mistaken party to insist
that the contract be performed. Accordingly, we accept the _amicus curiae_ ’s
submission that _constructive knowledge alone should not suffice to invoke
equity. There must be an additional element of impropriety._ The conduct of
deliberately not bringing the suspicion of a possible mistake to the attention
of the mistaken party could constitute such impropriety. [emphasis added]

66 However, in situations of _both_ actual _and_ constructive knowledge, the
evidence that is utilised and analysed by the court must _necessarily_ be
_objective in nature_. The question that arises, in my view, is whether or not
the lines between the two become blurred as a result. Indeed, at certain
points at least, what constitutes actual knowledge might well be a high (or,
probably, even the highest) level of constructive knowledge. In my view, the
paradigm model of this would arise in the situation of “Nelsonian knowledge”
(as to which, see [60] above; see also Michael P Furmston, “Some Themes and
Thoughts” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 141 at pp 144–147). Chao JA recognised the
difficulty, for he did state thus (at [44]):

While we recognise that the distinction between actual knowledge and
constructive knowledge can be a fine one and can often be difficult to
discern, it is nonetheless not something unfamiliar to the courts. The courts
are accustomed to making such a distinction.

67 This difficulty was reiterated by the learned judge who, however, thought
that it might actually furnish the courts with more flexibility by way of a
potential application of the equitable doctrine instead; in his view (at
[83]):

In contrast, once the court should hold that a contract comes within the
common law principle of unilateral mistake, it is void _ab initio_ for all
purposes. Moreover, as pointed out earlier, the line between actual knowledge
and constructive knowledge may often be hard to draw. In a difficult case
where the court is not convinced that the non-mistaken party has actual
knowledge but is well satisfied that there is constructive knowledge and where
there is evidence of unconscionable conduct or sharp practice on the part of
the non-mistaken party, relief in equity may be granted on terms to ensure
that justice is attained with regard to all affected parties.

68 Three observations might be usefully made at this juncture. First, one
approach might be to accept that whilst the practical – as opposed to the
conceptual – distinction between actual and constructive knowledge might not
be as clear as we would like it to be, the difference is (given the reliance
on the objective evidence in both these situations of knowledge) one of
_degree rather than kind_. However, that still does not resolve the
difficulties that will invariably arise in marginal cases where the objective
evidence is such that it is difficult to decide, on the balance of
probabilities, precisely what type of knowledge the contracting party
concerned had. But that is perhaps inherent in the imperfection that is part
of life and of the law itself. What is important and practical, however, is
that _regardless_ of whether or not actual or constructive knowledge is found
by the court in the case concerned, the requirement of knowledge is satisfied
and that justice is thereby achieved, assuming that the other necessary
elements relating to the doctrine of unilateral mistake have been satisfied.

69 My second observation might conceivably give rise to more controversy. The
main reason why the court in the _Digilandmall_ case endorsed the doctrine of
unilateral mistake in an _equitable_ context was in order to furnish the
necessary flexibility; in the words of Chao JA (at [77]):

Equity is dynamic. A great attribute, thus an advantage, of equity, is its
flexibility to achieve the ends of justice.

70 It would appear that, in _addition_ to constructive knowledge, the court in
the _Digilandmall_ case insisted on the demonstration of some “impropriety”
(see [65] above) in order to enable the common law and equitable doctrines to
be _distinguished effectively_. This, it should be noted, was effected by the
court in the context of _unilateral_ mistake. In point of fact, however, the
similarity between the common law and equitable formulations in the law of
mistake is not at all uncommon. In the context of _common_ mistake, for
example, the common law and equitable formulations are in fact very similar,
if not (in substance at least) identical (see, for example, the House of Lords
decision of _Bell v Lever Brothers, Limited_ [1932] AC 161 and _Solle v
Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB 671, respectively). But this is not to state that there
was no difference between the common law and equitable doctrines at all. The
difference lay, however, not in the respective formulations as such but,
rather, in the _consequences_.

71 Contracts which fall within the scope of the doctrine of common mistake at
_common law_ are rendered _void_ , whereas contracts which fall within the
scope of the doctrine of common mistake in _equity_ are rendered _voidable_.
Looked at in this light, it might well be appropriate to allow (as in the
situation of _common_ mistake noted in the preceding paragraph) both the
formulations with regard to the common law and equitable doctrines in the
context of _unilateral_ mistake to remain the _same_ – bearing in mind the
fact that the courts would probably be more favourably disposed towards
applying the equitable doctrine as the contract would be rendered only
voidable, rather than void, and (in that sense) would not adversely impact
_bona fide_ third party rights (this point , interestingly, is in fact
referred to in the _Digilandmall_ case itself at [46]). In other words, the
difference would lie not in the formulations as such but rather in the
_consequences and_ (if what I have said is accepted) the _actual_
_application_ of the respective doctrines themselves in the particular cases
concerned. If so, then the distinction between actual and constructive
knowledge would lose its importance.

72 I might also observe that the addition of the element of “impropriety” in
so far as the doctrine of unilateral mistake in equity is concerned brings the
entire doctrine itself close to – if not coincident with – the equitable
doctrine of _unconscionability_. While it could be argued that the element of
“impropriety” utilises the concept of unconscionability as a rationale rather
than a substantive doctrine in itself, the substance of the matter might, with
respect, suggest otherwise. The status of unconscionability as a substantive
doctrine is still unsettled in the context of the Commonwealth and there has,
in my view, been no definitive pronouncement by the Court of Appeal as such.
If it is felt that the local courts are not yet ready to embrace this
particular doctrine (of unconscionability), the addition of the element of
“impropriety” in the context of the doctrine of _unilateral_ mistake in equity
might have some unintended side-effects in the manner just stated.

73 _However_ , the approach I have just suggested – allowing the formulations
of unilateral mistake at both common law and in equity to remain the same –
would be _contrary_ to that expressed by the Court of Appeal in the
_Digilandmall_ case, which is a decision which I am of course bound by. In
this regard, it is important to emphasise that the principles laid down in the
_Digilandmall_ case continue as the law of the land unless the Court of Appeal
itself sees fit to either change and/or modify them in the future.

74 My third observation relates to the references in the _Digilandmall_ case
itself (at [31] and [53]), where it is stated that where the doctrine of
unilateral mistake at common law applies, there is no _consensus ad idem_.
Looked at in this light, might it not be argued that the doctrine of
unilateral mistake is (as is the case with mutual mistake) merely another way
of stating that there has been no coincidence of offer and acceptance? If so,
then the doctrine of unilateral mistake is simply another aspect of the
doctrine of formation of contract in general and the doctrine of offer and
acceptance in particular – at least in its common law incarnation.

75 Fortunately, the facts of the present proceedings do not require an
excursus into the various difficulties I have referred to briefly above. It
was clear to me that, regardless of whether the common law or equitable
doctrines were applied, the result would still be the same.

76 I refer, in this regard, once again, to the minutes set out earlier in this
judgment (at [24] above). It is clear that counsel for the plaintiff either
knew or ought to have known that counsel for the defendant was mistaken
inasmuch as the latter was having in mind an exchange of AEICs instead.
Indeed, it is clear to me that there was actual knowledge on the part of
counsel for the plaintiff. In the face of the discussion that took place
outside the learned assistant registrar’s chambers and as reflected in the
assistant registrar’s own minutes, counsel for the plaintiff had deliberately
shut his eyes to the fact that what was desired on the part of counsel for the
defendant was an _exchange_ of AEICs.

77 In the circumstances, I do not find it necessary to decide whether there
had been any element of “impropriety” on the part of counsel for the plaintiff
in the context of unilateral mistake in an equitable context. I should add
that there was surely constructive knowledge. However, if the point from
“impropriety” is in fact raised upon appeal, then I would observe that counsel
for the plaintiff had in fact taken advantage of the situation at hand.

**Possible broader considerations**

78**** Although the application of traditional contractual principles is
sufficient for the purposes of my decision in the instant case, at least a
couple of broader considerations present themselves. Indeed, as we shall see,
if they are in fact also applicable to the present proceedings, they would
merely serve to _buttress_ my decision in favour of the defendant. Indeed,
this would constitute an _alternative ground_ in itself.

79 First, there is the argument to the effect that notwithstanding the
operation of normal contractual principles to consent unless orders, the
courts ought still to have a residuary discretion to decide whether, in the
circumstances of the particular case, _enforcement_ of the consent unless
order concerned ought to be effected. Such an approach is to be found in the
observations of Lord Denning MR in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Purcell_ as follows ([46] _supra_ at 363–364):

I think that a party, who gets leave, can appeal from a consent order on wider
grounds, at any rate in interlocutory matters. He can appeal, for instance, on
the ground of _his own mistake_ : see _Mullins v. Howell_ (1879) 11 Ch.D. 763,
where Sir George Jessel M.R. said, at p. 766, “There is a larger discretion as
to orders made on interlocutory applications than as to those which are final
judgments.” But there is no ground here so far as I can see for setting aside
this consent order. It was deliberately made, with full knowledge, with the
full agreement of the solicitors on both sides. It cannot be set aside. _But,
even though the order cannot be set aside, there is still a question whether
it should be enforced. The court has always a control over interlocutory
orders. It may, in its discretion, vary or alter them even though made
originally by consent._ [emphasis added]

80 Lord Denning MR’s approach is not unattractive. Although the learned Master
of the Rolls did not canvass this point, it seems to me that such an approach
can also draw support from the inherent powers of the court to govern what is,
in the final analysis, procedure that is peculiar to the governance of its own
process – all with a view towards the attainment of both procedural as well as
substantive justice. Indeed, such inherent powers do find their source (or
recognition, rather) in, _inter alia_ , O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). Order 92 r 4 itself reads as follows:

For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in  
these Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the
Court to make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent
an abuse of the process of the Court.

81 The parameters of O 92 r 4 are, understandably, not particularly precise.
What does appear clear is that if there is an existing rule (whether by way of
statute or subsidiary legislation or rule of court) already covering the
situation at hand, the courts would generally _not_ invoke its inherent powers
under O 92 r 4, save perhaps in the most exceptional circumstances (see, for
example, the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Four Pillars Enterprises
Co Ltd v Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft_ [1999] 1 SLR 737 at [27] and the
Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Kok Ing v Tan Swee Meng_ [2003] 1 SLR
657). It is commonsensical that O 92 r 4 was not intended to allow the courts
_carte blanche_ to devise any procedural remedy they think fit. That would be
the very antithesis of what the rule is intended to achieve. The key criterion
justifying invocation of the rule is therefore that of “need” – in order that
justice be done and/or that injustice or abuse of process of the court be
avoided. As Chao Hick Tin JA put it, delivering the judgment of the Singapore
Court of Appeal in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [2001] 4
SLR 25 at [27]:

It seems to us clear that by its very nature, how an inherent jurisdiction,
whether as set out in O 92 r 4 or under common law, should be exercised should
not be circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests. In each instance the court
must exercise it judiciously. In his lecture on ‘The Inherent Jurisdiction of
the Court’ published in _Current Legal Problems_ 1970, Sir Jack Jacob (until
lately the General Editor of the _Supreme Court Practice_) opined that this
jurisdiction may be invoked when it is just and equitable to do so and in
particular to ensure the observance of the due process of law, to prevent
improper vexation or oppression and to do justice between the parties. Without
intending to be exhaustive, we think an essential touchstone is really that of
‘need’.

82 In the (also) Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Roberto Building
Material Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 353, Chao
Hick Tin JA, delivering the judgment of the court, referred to the above
principles and also observed thus (at [17]):

Accordingly, this inherent jurisdiction should only be invoked in exceptional
circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the justice of the case
so demands. The circumstances must be special.

83 The leading article in the local context, “The Inherent Powers of the
Court” [1997] Sing JLS 1, is by Prof Jeffrey Pinsler (“Prof Pinsler”), the
leading local scholar in the field of civil procedure. It is a scholarly and
seminal article and, if I may say so, the local analogue of Sir Jack Jacob’s
article, I H Jacob,“The Inherent Jurisdiction of the Court” (1970) 23 Current
Legal Problems 23, which is not only cited in Prof Pinsler’s article but is
also widely recognised as the leading discourse on the inherent powers of the
court in the Commonwealth. This last-mentioned fact is also evidenced by the
citation of the article by the Singapore Court of Appeal itself (see [81]
above) as well as by the Singapore High Court in _Heng Joo See v Ho Pol Ling_
[1993] 3 SLR 850 at 855, [23].

84 Having embarked on a thorough review and scholarly analysis of the relevant
decisions as well as context, Prof Pinsler concludes thus ([83] _supra_ at pp
48–49):

Certainly, it would be pointless to have a provision such as Order 92, rule 4
(RC) to enable the court to exercise ‘powers’ beyond the rules (which are
stated not ‘to limit or affect’ those powers), if such role is not permitted.

… It is in the nature of the common law system that the court must have some
flexibility to enable it to operate effectively within the parameters of
statutory regulation. Certainly, procedural developments in recent years have
emphasised the courts’ more active role. The cases which have been considered
reflect a range of approaches from the restrictive to the intrusive. It is not
practical, and perhaps not possible, to identify specifically the ideal role
of the court in areas not clearly or appropriately regulated by the rules. The
court should always consider the state of the rules (which are usually the
primary source of procedure), the circumstances of the case, and the abuse or
injustice which would result if it did not exercise its inherent powers.

In a similar vein, Sir Jack Jacob observes thus ([83] _supra_ at p 51):

[T]he inherent jurisdiction of the court may be defined as being the reserve
or fund of powers, a residual source of powers, which the court may draw upon
as necessary _whenever it is just or equitable to do so, and in particular_ to
ensure the observance of the due process of law, to prevent improper vexation
or oppression, _to do justice between the parties and to secure a fair trial
between them_. [emphasis added]

85 However, Prof Pinsler, although admitting that the distinction between
procedure and substance is not always easily made, suggests that O 92 r 4 only
permits the courts to exercise its inherent powers _vis-à-vis_ matters which
are procedural (as opposed to substantive) in nature – in other words, “to
govern and regulate the process of litigation” (see generally [83] _supra_ ,
especially at pp 37–39).

86 Before proceeding to elaborate on why I favour the existence (and, if
necessary, the exercise of) such discretion based on the general principles
which I have briefly summarised above, it is also incumbent on me to first
point out the arguments that tend to militate against the exercise of such a
discretion by the courts. Foremost amongst these is the fact that Lord Denning
MR’s suggested approach was not expressly endorsed by his other two brethren
in _Purcell_ , Winn and Buckley LJJ. However, a close analysis of their
respective judgments does not indicate an express and unambiguous rejection of
the approach either. Indeed, on one reading of the concluding part of the
judgment of Buckley LJ ([46] _supra_ at 367), the issue of _enforcement_ is
referred to without ostensible rejection of the viability of the concept
itself (though _cf_ Templeman LJ’s observations in the _Tigner-Roche_ case
([30] _supra_) as well as _Wembley Laboratories Ltd v Joyce Ground Engineering
Ltd_ ([29] _supra_)). Nevertheless, it is at least arguable that there was at
least some possible indication of an indirect rejection (_cf_ , for example,
the _Tigner-Roche_ case ([30] _supra_)) – which brings me to the next
argument.

87 All the judges in _Purcell_ were nevertheless of the view that general
contractual principles would continue to apply to consent unless orders. This
is eminently logical and fair in the light of the fact that such orders
constitute contractual arrangements (hence, the appellation “consent”). This
also means that the various vitiating factors, amongst a myriad of other
contractual principles, are potentially applicable (see also, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Huddersfield Banking Company, Limited v
Henry Lister & Son, Limited_ [1895] 2 Ch 273; though _cf Mullins v Howell_
([44] _supra_)). Indeed, as I have ruled earlier in this judgment, the
doctrine of mistake in its various alternative forms did in fact apply to the
present case (see generally [55]–[77] above). Would the potential as well as
actual operation of (in particular) vitiating factors furnish sufficient
safeguards so that the approach mooted by Lord Denning MR in _Purcell_ is
rendered unnecessary? This might, at least possibly, be the approach of the
other two judges in _Purcell_ itself – at least by implication. It should also
be noted that Lee JC, in the _Wiltopps_ case, was of the view that the
majority in _Purcell_ did not adopt Lord Denning MR’s views and, indeed,
preferred their approach ([6] _supra_ at [26]–[27]).

88 There is yet another reason why the approach mooted by Lord Denning MR
might be argued to be less persuasive. If, as the learned Master of the Rolls
suggests, the residuary discretion is one that relates to _enforcement_ , then
its potential operation – in the absence of the operation of any vitiating
factor – would, necessarily in my view, undermine the concept of a consent
unless order. This is, to my mind, the most significant objection against the
discretion Lord Denning MR has mooted. In other words, if a consent unless
order is to be given effect to as a contract _and_ if no vitiating factors in
contract law operate on the facts of the case, to allow the courts a residuary
discretion to decide, _nevertheless_ , to refrain from enforcing the order
(and, hence, the agreement) would necessarily undermine, as we shall see
(albeit not in a widespread fashion (see [93] below)) the basic idea of
consensus underlying every agreement. Such a discretion might also give rise
to objections from uncertainty.

89 However, I would be prepared to accept that, the objections in the
preceding paragraphs notwithstanding, it would still be desirable to allocate
to the court a residuary discretion of the type suggested by Lord Denning MR
in _Purcell_. In this regard, I also respectfully differ from the view
preferred by Lee JC in the _Wiltopps_ case, and I do so for the following main
reason.

90 It must be borne in mind that a consent unless order, whilst technically a
contract between the parties, is one that allows one party to wholly deprive
the other of its legal rights in the context of litigation. Even though such
an order has been agreed upon between the parties, there may, in my view,
arise certain special circumstances where it would nevertheless be unjust for
the party in whose favour the consent order operates to insist on its
enforcement in the absence of a high degree of intentionally contumacious or
contumelious conduct.

91 Such a discretion is, in the final analysis, merely an aspect of the
court’s power to have ultimate control over its own procedure. This is not at
all unreasonable, in my view, and does, on balance, conduce to justice and
fairness. The focus is still on procedure, rather than substance. It might be
argued that the substantive rights of the plaintiff would be adversely
affected. This is arguably the case but it must never be forgotten that an
unless order is part of the procedural armoury and is not based on the
substantive merits of the case as such. Thus, an unless order (whether by
consent or otherwise) deals, in the final analysis, with the _litigation
process and, on this score, the courts ought to have the final say._

92 It is also imperative to note that the retention of such a discretion is
wholly consistent with the _raison d’etre_ of O 92 r 4, as set out above (see
especially at [84]).

93 At this juncture, however, the objection from uncertainty is noted.
Nevertheless, it seems to me that any “interference” by the court in this
particular regard would be rare and would need to be thoroughly justified in
the circumstances of the case. The exercise of the court’s discretion in the
manner Lord Denning MR put it in _Purcell_ would, in other words, be analogous
(and I would put it no higher than that) to that which operates under the
doctrine of _illegality_ under _contract_ law. After all, the doctrine of
illegality in contact law, whilst a recognised vitiating factor, is one that
not only undermines the basic idea of consensus between the parties if
applicable but is also one that is premised on _broader public policy factors_
set out, in the main, in the preceding two paragraphs. I would suggest that
this is the _also_ the case with regard to the residuary discretion proposed
by Lord Denning MR.

94 Ormrod LJ, delivering the decision of the court in the English Court of
Appeal case of _Thwaite v Thwaite_ [1982] Fam 1, adopted a slightly different
approach from the perspective of _detail_ , although the broad approach was
not dissimilar to that suggested in the preceding paragraph; in particular,
the learned judge observed thus (at 8–9):

Where the order is still executory, as in the present case, and one of the
parties applies to the court to _enforce_ the order, _the court may refuse if,
in the circumstances prevailing at the time of the application,_ it would be
_inequitable_ to do so: _Mullins v. Howell_ (1879) 11 Ch.D. 763 and _Purcell v
F.C. Trigell Ltd._ [1971] 1 Q.B. 358, 366, 367. _Where_ the consent order
derives its legal effect from _the contract, this is equivalent to refusing a
decree of specific performance_ ; _where_ the legal effect derives from _the
order itself the court has jurisdiction over its own orders_ : _per_ Sir
George Jessel M.R. in _Mullins v. Howell_ (1879) 11 Ch.D. 763, 766. [emphasis
added]

95 The reference to the circumstances surrounding the refusal of a decree of
specific performance is both instructive as well as interesting since it is
trite law that such a refusal can be based, _inter alia_ , on the fact that
damages would be an adequate remedy and generally when it would be just and
equitable to do so (including severe hardship, unfairness and the conduct of
the plaintiff): see generally Sir Guenter Treitel, _The Law of Contract_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) (“Treitel”) at pp 1026–1029.

96 I should, however, mention that I find, with respect, Ormrod LJ’s
interpretation of _Mullins v Howell_ ([44] _supra_) just a little puzzling. It
is by no means clear from Jessel MR’s judgment in _Mullins v Howell_ itself
that the consent order in that particular case was not contractual in origin.
It might well have been. Indeed, _Mullins v Howell_ was cited and relied upon
by Lord Denning MR in _Purcell_ (see [79] above), which clearly related to a
consent unless order. Nevertheless, what is even more significant in so far as
the present proceedings are concerned are the observations by Jessel MR in
_Mullins v Howell_ as follows (at 766):

I have no doubt that the Court has jurisdiction to discharge an order made on
motion by consent when it is proved to have been made under a mistake, though
that mistake was on one side only, the Court having a sort of general control
over orders made on interlocutory applications.

I do not think that the rules which have been laid down as the rules under
which the Court will enforce agreements apply to enforcing orders of the
Court, because the Court has jurisdiction over its own orders, and there is a
larger discretion as to orders made on interlocutory applications than as to
those which are final judgments.

[emphasis added]

It is, in my view, of no mean significance that _Mullins v Howell_ was not
only cited together with _Purcell_ by Ormrod LJ (at [94] above), but was also
(to reiterate the point already made in the preceding paragraph) cited by Lord
Denning MR in _Purcell_ itself. It is also very significant that Jessel MR, in
_Mullins v Howell_ , refers to a situation of _unilateral mistake, but without
reference to (and, hence, without any application of) the general contractual
principles_ , which I have in fact considered at length in relation to the
facts of the present proceedings (as to which, see generally [59]–[77] above).
The significance may be lessened if we accept Ormrod LJ’s characterisation in
_Thwaite v Thwaite_ ([94] above) to the effect that Jessel MR’s observations
in _Mullins v Howell_ did not concern a consent unless order as such. However,
as I have already observed in the preceding paragraph, such a characterisation
is by no means clear.

97 I also note that, in the _Carter_ case ([29] _supra_), Judge Peter Bowsher
QC was of the view that the jurisdiction of the court to order an extension of
time under both the then English equivalent of O 3 r 4 of our present Rules of
Court as well as under the inherent jurisdiction of the court itself could not
be ousted, save in express terms and that, even then, there appeared to be a
possible issue as to whether or not such an ouster of the court’s jurisdiction
could be effected in the first instance (and _cf_ the observations of Kerr LJ
in _Greater London Council v Rush Tomkins_ ([29] _supra_), where the learned
Lord Justice expressed the view that a term could _not_ be _implied_ in order
to prevent a party from applying for an extension of time and where May LJ
reserved for further consideration “the question whether parties can by
agreement oust the court’s jurisdiction to make orders in litigation otherwise
pursuant to the provisions of the rules of the Supreme Court”). All this
supports, in my view, the approach which I have adopted and as set out in more
detail above.

98 But, if (as I have just suggested) we can justify the existence of such a
discretion in law, how is it to be framed? There appear to be at least two
possible approaches, one of which (the second) I have in fact already touched
on.

99 The first approach is to argue that every consent unless order necessarily
contains, as a _term implied in law to the effect that in order for the court
to enforce such an order, the breach must be intentionally contumacious or
contumelious_. Two further points might be usefully noted at this juncture.
The term is one implied in _law_ (in _contrast_ to one implied in fact)
because it would be implied in _every_ contract of _this particular type_
(here, that category pertaining to _consent unless orders_ (and see generally
Treitel ([95] _supra_ at pp 206–213)). The other – and more important – point
is that such an implied term can obviously be _excluded_ by a clear _express_
term to the contrary. At this point, it will be noticed that such an approach
brings us back, in effect, to the _normal contractual position_ and is also
consistent with the approach adopted in the earlier part of this judgment
where I held that in order for a consent unless order to come into legal
existence, the terms concerned must be clear and unambiguous and that, in any
event, vitiating factors might apply. What is _unsatisfactory_ about such an
approach is that it does _not_ give effect to the _broader_ public policy
factors which I have referred to above.

100 The second approach is – to use a colloquialism – to “call a spade a
spade” and to justify it (as I already have) by reference to O 92 r 4. In
other words, the court recognises that there will be a limited number of
situations where, despite the otherwise impeccable legal status of a consent
unless order, the conduct by the party in breach is still insufficient to
warrant the enforcement of that order, thus depriving the party in breach of
all its rights in the litigation. At this juncture, the manner in which the
court draws the line is to ascertain whether the conduct of the party in
breach is not only intentionally contumelious or contumacious (this would
suffice for relief for the party in breach under the _existing law_) _but also
whether or not such conduct was of not such an extreme degree of
contumeliousness or contumaciousness that the consent unless order ought to
operate to deprive it of all its rights in the litigation_. Such an approach
was in fact itself suggested by counsel for the plaintiff in the present
proceedings on the assumption that I was minded to adopt the approach
suggested by Lord Denning MR in _Purcell_. I would prefer this particular
approach on the assumption that the discretion would be exercised by the court
to bring relief to the party in breach where the breach was not truly
egregious and that such occasions would not be so numerous as to undermine the
concept of consent unless orders generally. Indeed, as already pointed out,
consent unless orders appear, in any event, to be very rare in the first
instance (see [6] above).

101 I turn now to the second broader consideration, which is not, as we shall
see, unrelated to the first. As alluded to right at the outset of this
judgment, I would also emphasise the fact that the Singapore Court of Appeal
in the _Syed Mohamed_ case ([2] _supra_) might suggest that not only that the
approach based on broader policy considerations is correct but might also go
_further_ inasmuch as it might suggest that _the very concept of a consent
unless order_ _might not be feasible in the first instance_. Unfortunately,
the court in that decision did not deal _expressly_ with these points.
However, the decision did appear to deal with a _consent_ unless order (see at
[20]) _and_ the court did in fact apply the _existing test_ as to whether or
not the defendant’s conduct was intentionally contumelious or contumacious and
whether or not there were extraneous factors excusing the defendant’s conduct.
All this suggests that _the highest court in the land_ has at least cast a
doubt on the legal status of consent unless orders – at least in so far as
such orders purport to oust the residuary jurisdiction of the courts to refuse
to enforce them, except in the most egregious circumstances. It is true that
the _Wiltopps_ case was affirmed on appeal by the Singapore Court of Appeal.
Unfortunately, no written grounds were delivered. At the very least,
therefore, we might possibly (and potentially) have two decisions of the
Singapore Court of Appeal that might need to be explained and reconciled in a
future decision of that same court (one of which, the _Wiltopps_ case, has no
written grounds as such). In the meantime, however, as a judge at first
instance, the _Syed Mohamed_ case is in fact binding on me and I am glad to
note that it in fact supports the approach adopted in this part of my
judgment.

102 I will in fact conclude this part of my judgment by stating that some
clarification – preferably not only by the courts but also by way of amendment
of the relevant Rules of Court – is both welcome and necessary. I would, as I
have explained above, myself lean towards according to the courts some
residuary discretion to control a process that is, after all, the court’s
primary responsibility and, therefore, concern. We are concerned here with the
basic structure of the litigation process. On occasion, despite the parties’
best intentions and despite even an agreement entered into by them, it turns
out that depriving one party of all its rights in the litigation process is
procedurally and (consequently) substantively unjust. The courts ought, in
such limited situations, be allowed to do justice between the parties. The
courts ought to be the channels through which procedural and substantive
justice is achieved. The courts also exercise discretion virtually all the
time and exercise such discretion in a structured and fair manner (and see
also _per_ Chao JA in the _Digilandmall_ case ([17] _supra_ at [81]). There
appear to me, therefore, to be no real objections as to why such a residuary
discretion ought not to be given to the courts – preferably in a clear and
formal manner through the amendment of the Rules of Court. Such an approach is
also buttressed by the arguments considered above with regard to the inherent
powers exercisable by the court pursuant to O 92 r 4 (see generally above at
[80]–[85]). Although the existence of such a discretion can in fact be
premised on the inherent powers referred to in this rule, I would much prefer
that the Rules of Court be amended to confirm, beyond peradventure, that such
a jurisdiction exists.

103 As it turns out, having regard to the conclusion I have come to in the
earlier part of my judgment, I did not, strictly speaking, need to be vested
with such discretion in order to arrive at the decision I did, although this
was, as I have already mentioned, possible (indeed, probable) even at the
present time pursuant to O 92 r 4. Assuming, therefore (as I am minded to), I
am vested with such discretion, it would merely serve to _buttress_ the
conclusion I had already arrived at in favour of the defendant in the present
proceedings. Before proceeding to explain in the briefest of fashions why this
would be so, I should point out, nevertheless, that in the light of the
conclusion I had arrived at earlier – that the unless order was _not_ a
_consent_ unless order but, rather, an “ordinary” unless order – it was
necessary, in any event, to ascertain whether or not the defendant’s breach in
the context of the present proceedings was intentionally contumacious or
contumelious. I found that it was _not_ as I explain below. But, if so, then
assuming that I was vested with the discretion mentioned at the outset of the
present paragraph (which, it should be reiterated, was not at all impossible,
even under the existing law), it would be clear that _even if_ a _consent_
unless order had been entered into by the plaintiff and the defendant in the
context of the present proceedings, the defendant’s breach would _not_ have
been so egregious as to warrant the harshest of consequences ensuing as a
result of that breach; indeed it was neither intentionally contumelious or
contumacious to begin with. In other words, I would have exercised such a
discretion in favour of _the defendant_.

**Conclusion**

104**** In the circumstances, it is clear both from the surrounding
circumstances as embodied in the record of proceedings _and_ an interpretation
of the order concerned in the light of the salient surrounding circumstances
as a whole that the parties in question had _not_ entered into a _consent_
unless order. It bears reiterating that such an _objective_ approach (and such
an approach alone) can – and ought to be – applied. _No other_ approach
(particularly those premised on subjective considerations) is acceptable.

105 In any event, it is also clear that even if a contract had been entered
into between the parties, this contract had been vitiated by the doctrine of
mutual or unilateral mistake.

106 Returning to my findings, if the order made in the present proceedings was
_not_ a _consent_ unless order, what _was_ involved was nevertheless _still_
an _unless_ order. It thus became necessary, in any event, to ascertain
whether or not the defendant’s actions were in fact covered by the general
principles just mentioned at [2]–[3] above.

107 Like the learned assistant registrar, I find that the defendant’s action,
whilst intentional, was neither contumelious nor contumacious. Indeed, it
seemed clear to me that there was a misunderstanding that not only contributed
to the absence of an agreement but which also led him to commit a merely
technical breach of the order, having regard to the misunderstanding between
the defendant and the plaintiff. These circumstances would themselves also
constitute, in my view, extraneous circumstances, bearing in mind that this
concept is neither mandatory nor writ in stone (see [3] above).

108 In any event, it is also unclear that consent unless orders will not, like
the usual consent unless orders, be subject to the general principles just
mentioned. Indeed, the _Wiltopps_ case may need to be reviewed in the light of
this ambiguity (as embodied, at least possibly, in the existing cases law (see
[101] above) _and/or_ because of broader considerations considered in the
preceding section of this judgment.

109 The basic issue from the _broader_ perspective, and already referred to
earlier in this judgment, is this: _To what extent do broader reasons of
justice and public policy require that an at least residuary discretion
continue to reside in the courts with regard to the interpretation as well as
enforcement of unless orders, even where they have been agreed upon between
the parties?_ It seems to me desirable that the courts be vested with such a
discretion, given the draconian nature as well as consequences of an unless
order. Such a discretion could possibly be justified, even at the _present_
time, by recourse to the inherent powers of the court pursuant to O 92 r 4,
although confirmation via an amendment to the existing Rules of Court might be
preferable. I pause here to reiterate that, apart from the _Wiltopps_ case,
there appears to be no other local decision dealing with the issue of consent
unless orders. Whilst not by any means conclusive, this is at least an
indication that consent unless orders are rare in practice and perhaps an
indication that this particular device is not really popular. Given the views
I have expressed in this judgment, this situation is not unwelcome for, as I
have pointed out, in this particular instance at least, the courts ought to be
left to make the final decision.

110 I am therefore willing to go so far as to say that, even if I had found
that what was involved in the present proceedings was a consent unless order
(which I do _not_), I would have been prepared to accept the existence of such
residuary discretion (premised, at the present at least, on the inherent
powers of the court pursuant to in O 92 r 4 and referred to in the preceding
paragraph) and find – on this _alternative_ ground – in favour of the
defendant as well. In other words, if such discretion existed and was applied,
I would still have had to consider whether the defendant’s action was, in
accordance with the established principles to be applied to unless orders
generally, intentional as well as either contumelious or contumacious. As I
have already stated above, I find that the defendant’s action did not fall
afoul of these general principles.

111 I therefore allowed the defendant’s appeal. Costs would normally have
followed the event. However, because the defendant had in fact been in (albeit
only technical) breach of the unless order granted by the assistant registrar,
I found it appropriate, in the circumstances, to make no order as to costs.

112**** Finally, however, I note, in passing, that it is surprising that the
present appeal was in fact brought in the first instance, simply because my
decision was one setting aside a default judgment unconditionally. In this
regard, I should have thought that s 34(1)(_a_) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (“SCJA”) (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) would have precluded such an
appeal. The provision itself reads as follows:

_No appeal shall be brought_ to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

(_a_) where a Judge makes an order giving unconditional leave to defend an
action _or an order setting aside unconditionally a default judgment_ ; …

[emphasis added]

113 Counsel for the plaintiff did refer to Singapore Court of Appeal decision
of _S3 Building Services Pte Ltd v Sky Technology Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 241.
However, I note that this particular issue (centring on what seems to me the
clear and unambiguous language of s 34(1)(_a_) of the SCJA) was clearly not
before (and, hence, was not considered by) the court as such. Since the final
draft of this judgment was prepared, it has come to my attention that a notice
of motion has in fact been filed by the defendant seeking to strike out the
notice of appeal in the present proceedings (see Notice of Motion No 122 of
2005). I therefore say no more about this particular issue. I note, however,
that s 34(1)(_a_) itself tends to buttress the view I expressed above to the
effect that the situation before me related more to the procedural rather than
the substantive sphere (see [91] above).

114**** Be that as it may, I hold that, in any event, the defendant’s appeal
ought to be allowed for the reasons set out above.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

