Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Silberline Asia Pacific Inc v Lim Yong Wah Allan and Others  
[2006] SGHC 27

Case Number | : | Suit 133/2005, RA 294/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Adrian Tan and Chui Li Jun (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Peter Yap (instructed) and Choo Kwun Kiat (Choo Kwun Kiat) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Silberline Asia Pacific Inc — Lim Yong Wah Allan; Lim Kah Soon Jason; Globell Chemical Co Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Whether to stay execution of summary
judgment until after trial of defendant's counterclaim – Degree of connection
between plaintiff's claim and defendant's counterclaim – Plausibility of
defendant's counterclaim – Order 14 r 3(2) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004
Rev Ed)  
  

16 February 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1  The plaintiff, Silberline Asia Pacific Inc, is a Delaware corporation with
a registered branch office in Singapore. The plaintiff is part of the
Silberline group of companies and the main business of the group is in the
manufacture and worldwide distribution of special effects pigment products. At
all material times, the Singapore branch office was responsible for the
distribution of Silberline products in Asia Pacific and the Middle East. The
first defendant, Allan Lim Yong Wah, at the relevant time headed the
plaintiff’s branch office in Singapore as its managing director. The second
defendant, Jason Lim Kah Soon, is a director of the third defendant, Globell
Chemical Co Pte Ltd (“Globell”). The second defendant is also the managing
director of Globell Chemical (China) Co Ltd (“Globell Hong Kong”), a company
incorporated in Hong Kong SAR. This appeal only concerned Globell.

2 On 13 October 2005, the plaintiff obtained summary judgment against Globell
for the total sum of US$5,245,736.96 with interest as prayed and costs in any
event to be taxed, if not agreed. At the same time, the assistant registrar
ordered a stay of execution of the entire judgment sum pending determination
of Globell’s counterclaim for wrongful termination of its sole distribution
agreement of Silberline products. Globell asserted that the quantum of the
counterclaim exceeded the judgment sum. On 27 October 2005, the plaintiff
appealed against the stay order. At the conclusion of the hearing of the
appeal, I was of the view that a stay should not be granted in respect of the
entire judgment sum. The correct outcome of this appeal must be to order a
stay of execution of part of the judgment sum, namely, US$1,785,247.65. I also
ordered costs of the appeal fixed at $2,000. Globell has appealed against my
decision.

3 Notably, Globell did not appeal against the summary judgment. A stay of
execution in such a situation is at the discretion of the court based on what
is just in all the circumstances of the particular case as such an order will
effectively require a successful plaintiff to wait for its money. Order 14 r
3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) confers on the court
discretionary powers to order a stay of execution of a summary judgment until
after the trial of a defendant’s counterclaim. In exercising its discretion,
the court will have regard to the degree of connection between the claim and
cross-claim together with any other relevant circumstances such as the merits
of the counterclaim and the financial ability of the plaintiff to satisfy any
judgment on the counterclaim (as to which see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at p 155).

4 The requirement of a connection between the claim and cross-claim was
reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Cheng Poh Construction Pte Ltd v First
City Builders Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 170 at [11] and [18] in these terms:

It is settled law that where claims and counterclaims arise out of the same
transaction, and while the claims are admitted and the counterclaims are
disputed, then so long as the counterclaims are plausible, the correct order
to make would be that while judgment should be entered in respect of the
claims, it should be stayed pending trial of the counterclaims: see _Sheppards
& Co v Wilkinson & Jarvis_ (1889) 6 TLR 13. But where a counterclaim does not
arise from the same transaction, or is not connected therewith, different
rules apply: _eg_ , _Anglian Building Products Ltd v W & C French
(Construction) Ltd_ (1978) 16 BLR 6, and _AB Contractor Ltd v Flaherty
Brothers Ltd_ (1978) 16 BLR 10.

…

In short, special circumstances must be shown for there to be a stay of
execution. The mere fact that a defendant has a _bona fide_ counterclaim
arising out of another contract with the plaintiff, unconnected with the
contract which forms the subject matter of the action, will not of itself
constitute a “special circumstance” justifying a stay of execution.

5 I begin with the question of whether the nature of Globell’s counterclaim
was sufficiently connected with the plaintiff’s claim to allow a defence of
equitable set-off. Having rejected for the reasons below the plaintiff’s
contention that Globell was not the proper party to bring the counterclaim, I
was of the view that the degree of closeness between the plaintiff’s claim and
Globell’s counterclaim required for an equitable set-off was made out. The
plaintiff’s claim was for the price of Silberline products. The purpose of the
distribution agreement was to enable Globell to sell in the designated
territories the Silberline products which it procured, ordered and purchased
from the plaintiff. It would therefore be unjust to allow the plaintiffs’
claim for the price of Silberline products sold and delivered without taking
into account Globell’s counterclaim.

6 This leads to the issue of whether there is a plausible counterclaim for a
sum exceeding the judgment sum. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Adrian Tan’s
first contention was that the counterclaim was a sham in that on Globell’s own
pleaded case in para 3 of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim, the sole
distributor for Silberline products in China and Hong Kong was Globell Hong
Kong and not Globell. Alternatively, the counterclaim was a sham as Globell
had failed to produce documentary evidence to support its assertion that the
amount of the counterclaim exceeded the judgment sum. In the premises, the
counterclaim was merely put forward to cause delays to the plaintiff.

7 In response, Mr Peter Yap for Globell contended that Globell has _locus
standi_ to sue the plaintiff for wrongful termination of the sole
distributorship agreement. At the request of the plaintiff, from 2003 onwards,
it was Globell (instead of Globell Hong Kong) who placed all orders and
purchases for the sale of Silberline products in China and Hong Kong (as to
which see paras 23 and 24 of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim).
Furthermore, no notice of termination of the sole distributorship agreement
was ever given by the plaintiff to Globell. At any rate, Globell did not
regard the announcements in the two flyers mentioned below as constituting
notice, let alone proper and valid notice, of termination of the sole
distributorship agreement. The first flyer contained the announcement that the
new distributor of the Silberline products in China was one Silhantan
International Trading (Shanghai) Co Ltd (“Silhantan”) and that flyer was
circulated at the China Coating Show 2003. The second flyer of 29 January 2004
was signed by the first defendant on behalf of the plaintiff and it was
circulated to customers stating that the new distributor in China was
Silhantan.

8 I did not accept Mr Tan’s submission that Globell lacked the _locus_ s
_tandi_ to sue the plaintiff. Paragraph 3 of the Amended Defence and
Counterclaim was not to be read in isolation but together with two later
paragraphs, namely, paras 23 and 24 of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim.
In fact, Joseph Patrick Dowd (“JPD”), a director of the plaintiff, confirmed
in his affidavit of 23 February 2005 that Globell was the distributor of
Silberline products for Singapore and Malaysia between 1991 and April 2004 and
that Globell Hong Kong was its distributor for China and Hong Kong from 1995
to 2002. JPD accepted that at some point thereafter, Globell took over from
Globell Hong Kong the distributorship for China and Hong Kong until January
2004.

9 A cross-claim could arise from the alleged wrongful termination of the
distributorship agreement, whether by the plaintiff’s appointment of a new
distributor for China and Hong Kong in the way alleged or by its eventual
refusal to supply Silberline products to Globell. It seems to me that in these
circumstances, the consideration is whether the wrongful termination
constituted a repudiatory breach. If there was acceptance of the breach by the
third defendant’s behaviour, the distributorship agreement would come to an
end.

10 On the evidence, there were no more supplies to Globell by May 2004.
According to the second defendant, from December 2003, the plaintiff in breach
of the distributorship agreement reduced its monthly supply to Globell (which
had averaged not less than US$1m per month) to less than half of the monthly
average. By March 2004, the plaintiff reduced its sales to Globell to
approximately one-third of the monthly average and, in breach of the sole
distributorship, increased supplies to Silhantan. In April 2004, the plaintiff
only allowed a further supply totalling US$117,070.44 to Globell. There was
also the incident concerning a further order for US$7,871.06 which the
plaintiff refused to supply despite having received payment. The cheque was
subsequently cancelled as the plaintiff refused to deliver the order to
Globell. In the end, the plaintiff refused to supply any further orders to
Globell.

11 The problem, as I saw it, was with Globell’s quantification of its losses.
For the China and Hong Kong markets, the counterclaim was for damages in the
nature of loss of profits, overriding commission and headcount contribution.
Mr Yap submitted that Globell was unable to fully quantify its true losses
only because the plaintiff had not given discovery of its sales to Silhantan.
That was not an entirely satisfactory explanation. As stated in _Singapore
Civil Procedure_ _2003_ ([3] _supra_) at p 156, it is for the defendant to
“particularise the amount of his set-off or counterclaim or to specify or
indicate how it is made up or calculated”.

12 It was fanciful to suggest that the quantum of the counterclaim could well
exceed the judgment sum as it was based on a continuing loss which was not
borne out. There should be a cut-off point for any claim for loss of profits,
overriding commission and headcount contribution. On Mr Yap’s analysis of the
facts, the appointment of a new distributor was a breach of the
distributorship agreement but at the same time, in the absence of a valid
notice of termination, Globell continued as the plaintiff’s sole distributor
of the Silberline products sold in Malaysia, Singapore, China and Hong Kong.
The purported removal of Globell as sole distributor in the way it was alleged
to have been done was _prima facie_ wrongful, but it does not follow, as
explained below, that Globell was thus still the plaintiff’s sole distributor
and that the breach continued.

13 Moreover, as the sole distributorship agreement was not in writing, no
terms of the oral distributorship agreement were initially pleaded nor spelt
out in the second defendant’s affidavits filed on behalf of Globell. However,
in the Additional Further and Better Particulars filed by Globell on 3 August
2005, the latter confirmed that reasonable notice of termination would have to
be given. It followed that the damages Globell was to receive had to reflect
its loss of the chance to earn profits, overriding commission and headcount
contribution during the notice period it was entitled to receive.
(Incidentally as to what constitutes reasonable notice, Globell did not
express a view.) To that extent, Globell had not verified the legal basis of
its claim for damages continuing beyond April or May 2004 in respect of the
China and Hong Kong markets.

14 Globell had in the Amended Defence and Counterclaim asked the plaintiff to
account for all its sales for the year 2003 in respect of all four markets.
However, the relief sought ignored the fact that the termination of the
distributorship agreement for Malaysia and Singapore was in April 2005 (as to
which see Globell’s Additional Further and Better Particulars dated 3 August
2005). The plaintiff even suggested that the termination could have been
earlier than April 2005. Globell did not honour its obligation to pay for the
Silberline products within the 90-day credit period after November 2003 so
that by April 2004, the plaintiff was entitled to and did accept Globell’s
repudiatory breach by termination of its relationship with Globell. These
discrepancies lent some credence to Mr Tan’s submission that the third
defendant’s quantification of damages for wrongful termination of the
distributorship agreement for Malaysia and Singapore were _prima facie_
unsupportable. I took these discrepancies into account in this appeal.

15 As stated, I was of the view that the nature of the counterclaim was not
fanciful and it was not bound to fail as regards certain amounts of the claim.
Significantly, the breaches which Globell complained of were related to the
China and Hong Kong markets. The complaints were directed at loss of profits
from the sales allegedly directed to Silhantan. Adopting the figures in para
15(a)(iii) of the second defendant’s third affidavit of 17 May 2005, Mr Tan
submitted that a reasonable quantum of damages using May 2004 as a cut-off
point would be US$1,025,985, comprising:

(a) December 2003: US$ 114,000

(b) Jan – May 2004: US$ 911,985  
(at US$182,397 per month)

16 JPD in his affidavit of 30 April 2005 deposed that between 1 November 2003
and 30 March 2004, the plaintiff sold and delivered Silberline products to
Globell, the value of which amounted to approximately US$3.2m. Mr Tan
clarified that out of the judgment sum of US$5,245,736.96, a sum of
US$1,388,847.65 represented the purchases from the plaintiff for the China and
Hong Kong markets. As Globell had sold Silberline products to Globell Hong
Kong at costs, I adopted an approach where the outstanding sum of
US$1,388,847.65 was taken as a reasonable estimate of the value of business,
which is the normal contractual measure of damages. I also added to that
figure the claim for overriding commission of US$39,000 and US$92,400 and
headcount contribution of US$265,000. A stay of execution pending
determination of the counterclaim was thus in the court’s discretion limited
to the sum of US$1,785,247.65.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

