Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee Guan (Wong Yong Yee, co-respondent)  
[2006] SGHC 172

Case Number | : | D 675/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Koh Geok Jen and Raymond Yeo Khee Chye (Jen Koh & Partners) for the petitioner; Randolph Khoo Boo Teck and Veronica Joseph (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chen Siew Hwee — Low Kee Guan (Wong Yong Yee, co-respondent)   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Gifts – Whether shares given to husband
prior to marriage amounting to gift and not matrimonial asset to be divided
between husband and wife upon divorce – Whether shares ceasing to be gift once
converted in form to different asset – Whether new asset matrimonial asset
divisible between husband and wife upon divorce – Section 112(10) Women's
Charter (Cap 323, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

28 September 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction**

1**** The present proceedings centred on ancillary matters that flowed from
the divorce proceedings between the parties. The petitioner wife (“wife”) and
respondent husband (“husband”) had been married for 17 years. This was the
wife’s first marriage and the husband’s second marriage. There were no
children from the marriage, although the husband had a son from his first
marriage (who is currently 25 years old).

2 The wife filed for divorce on 3 March 2004. The decree _nisi_ was granted on
28 September 2004.

3 The wife is 48 years old and does not work.

4 The husband is 50 years old and is retired.

5 In so far as ancillary matters are concerned, the wife applied for interim
maintenance of $24,000 per month. The learned district judge awarded her
$10,000 maintenance per month instead (with effect from 1 February 2004). On
appeal, the learned judge ordered that the wife be paid interim maintenance of
$12,000 per month (also with effect from 1 February 2004).

6 The proceedings before the present court related not only to the issue of
maintenance but also to the division of matrimonial assets.

**The present proceedings**

7 It is appropriate to set out my principal holdings first.

8 In so far as the division of matrimonial assets was concerned, I held,
first, that the following items were _not_ within the pool of matrimonial
assets, having regard to the definition of “matrimonial asset” in s 112(10) of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“s 112(10)”):

(a) All assets derived from the 3,066 shares given to the husband in Eng
Cheong Peng Kee Pte Ltd, and as set out in Annex A of the husband’s
submissions to the court.

(b) All assets derived from the 1,700 shares given to the husband in Low Peng
Boon Pte Ltd, and as set out in Annex A of the husband’s submissions to the
court.

(c) The husband’s Singapore Island Country Club membership.

9 I note that the assets derived from the shares referred to in (a) and (b)
above (which shares I will hereafter refer to, collectively, as “the shares”)
constituted the bulk of the assets which were in dispute in the present
proceedings. Indeed, as it turned out, these assets became the principal focus
of the present judgment.

10 I further held that the remaining assets fell within the pool of
matrimonial assets, which I divided in the proportion of 35 per cent to the
wife and 65 per cent to the husband.

11 However, in so far as the husband’s Central Provident Fund moneys were
concerned, I held that only post-marriage amounts formed part of the pool of
matrimonial assets.

12 I further ordered that the parties were to itemise those assets within the
pool of matrimonial assets that required a fixed value to be placed upon them
(this would include, for example, the matrimonial home). I also ordered that
these assets be valued by an independent assessor appointed by agreement
between the parties and, if the parties could not agree, then by an
independent assessor to be appointed by the court from names furnished by the
parties.

13 In so far as maintenance of the wife was concerned, I ordered that the
husband pay the wife a monthly sum of $12,000.

14 I ordered, further, that the husband pay to the wife a sum of $10,000,
being the cost of the private investigators’ services.

15 Finally, I ordered that costs were to be agreed, or taxed if not agreed.

16 The wife was dissatisfied with my decision and filed a notice of appeal
against part of my decision. There were in fact two main points of
dissatisfaction. There was a third, where the wife asserts that she is
entitled to the costs of the proceedings in respect of the ancillary matters
as well as the appeal. At least in so far as the former (_viz_ , the costs of
the proceedings in respect of the ancillary matters) are concerned, I had in
fact ordered that costs be agreed, or taxed if not agreed. Unfortunately,
whilst the parties were ultimately able to agree with regard to the issue of
maintenance, they could not resolve the issue of the costs of the proceedings
in respect of the ancillary matters. At the hearing to record the terms of
settlement with respect to the issue of maintenance, I reserved the issue with
respect to the costs of the hearing of the ancillary matters. Counsel for the
wife wrote in subsequently (by letter of 16 August 2006) for an audience in
order to make the necessary submissions on the issue with respect to the costs
of the proceedings in respect of ancillary matters. Both parties in fact made
their submissions on costs on 1 September 2006. However, because of the nature
of the submissions, I adjourned the matter until the Court of Appeal hands
down its decision in this appeal. I note that the present law is embodied in
the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet
Bernadette_ [1997] 2 SLR 27 at [49] and [50], which holds that as the hearing
of the ancillary matters is a continuation or a part of the hearing of the
divorce petition, the party who is awarded the costs of the petition (the wife
in the present proceedings) is also entitled to the costs of the hearing of
the ancillary matters. It seems to me, with respect, however, that although it
is true that the hearing of the ancillary matters is, in a sense, a
continuation of the hearing of the divorce petition, in _reality_ , the
hearing of the ancillary matters is a discrete set of proceedings which may
not always result in a decision in favour of the party who has been awarded
the costs of the petition. Indeed, the present proceedings, at least in so far
as the issue relating to the division of matrimonial assets is concerned,
constitute a good illustration. It is hoped that the Court of Appeal might be
able to clarify the situation in this regard, bearing in mind the fact that
the award of costs is also a discretionary exercise. Absent any modification
of the existing law, I am, of course, bound by the principle laid down in the
Court of Appeal’s decision in _Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet Bernadette_.

17 Leaving aside the issue of costs, the wife’s first point of dissatisfaction
related to my holding to the effect that the shares were to be excluded from
the pool of matrimonial assets. The wife wishes to argue, on appeal, that
these shares should be deemed to be matrimonial assets and that she should be
entitled to 35 per cent thereof or, alternatively, to a fair and just share as
the appellate court deems fit.

18 The second point of dissatisfaction related to my order with regard to
maintenance. The wife originally wished to argue, on appeal, that the husband
should pay her a monthly sum of $20,000 or, alternatively, a fair and just sum
as the appellate court deems fit or, in the further alternative, a lump sum of
a fair and just amount as the appellate court deems fit.

19 However, shortly after the notice of appeal had been filed, as noted above,
the parties managed to resolve the second issue (with regard to maintenance).
I recorded the terms of settlement on 5 July 2006.

20 In short, this leaves only the first point (at [17] above), and I now give
my detailed grounds for my decision on this particular issue. The first port
of call, so to speak, must necessarily be s 112(10) itself.

**Section 112(10) of the Women’s Charter**

21 The resolution, in these proceedings, of the issue relating to whether or
not the shares should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets turns on
the proper interpretation of the definition of a “matrimonial asset” under s
112(10); the provision itself reads as follows:

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

_but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage._

[emphasis added]

22 One of the key arguments tendered by Ms Koh Geok Jen, counsel for the wife,
was that the italicised words in s 112(10), as reproduced in the preceding
paragraph, qualified _only para (_ b _)_ of the provision. Hence, so the
argument went, the shares, having been acquired by the husband _before_ the
marriage, fell within the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided by this
court under _para (_ a _)_ , not being “encumbered”, as it were, by the
italicised words just referred to.

23 Not surprisingly, Mr Randolph Khoo, counsel for the husband, argued to
precisely the opposite effect. He argued that the italicised words at [21]
above qualified _both_ paras (_a_) _and_ (_b_) of s 112(10). Hence, the
shares, although potentially falling within the ambit of para (_a_) rather
than para (_b_), had _also_ to satisfy the conditions embodied in the
qualifying (and italicised) words located right at the end of the provision
itself. Mr Khoo argued, further, that these conditions had _not_ been
satisfied by the wife. In particular, he argued that the shares, not being a
matrimonial home and having been acquired by the husband by way of a _gift_ ,
had _not_ been “substantially improved during the marriage” either by the wife
or by both parties to the marriage. In the circumstances, therefore, the
shares did _not_ fall within the pool of matrimonial assets within the meaning
of s 112(10) (in particular, para (_a_) thereof).

24 It was clear that in order to make out his argument (as briefly set out in
the preceding paragraph), Mr Khoo had to surmount two cumulative hurdles. He
had to demonstrate, first, that the italicised words in s 112(10) as set out
at [21] above (“the qualifying words”) qualified _both_ s 112(10)(_a_) _and_ s
112(10)(_b_). This was because the shares, having been acquired by the husband
_before_ the marriage, could only, if at all, qualify as a “matrimonial asset”
if it fell within the ambit of s 112(10)(_a_). If, therefore, s 112(10)(_a_)
was not affected by the qualifying words, the shares would necessarily fall
within the pool of matrimonial assets, provided they fell within one or both
limbs of s 112(10)(_a_).

25 However, demonstrating that the qualifying words applied to s 112(10)(_a_)
as well did not necessarily conclude the matter in favour of the husband. The
husband had, secondly, to prove that the factual matrix in the present
proceedings was such as to come within the ambit of the qualifying words, thus
resulting in the shares being excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets.

26 I turn now to consider both these related issues.

27 An even cursory examination of the language of s 112(10) would suggest –
and strongly, in my view – that the qualifying words apply to _both_ paras
(_a_) _and_ (_b_) therein. Whilst not conclusive, the _physical layout or
format_ of the provision itself suggests that this is so. In particular, the
qualifying words themselves are to be found flush with the leftmost part of
the provision whilst paras (_a_) and (_b_) are, on the other hand, indented.
Further, a space occurs between para (_b_) itself and the qualifying words. If
the qualifying words had been intended to apply to and qualify para (_b_)
only, they would, in my view, have followed directly after the words in para
(_b_) or would, at least, not have been rendered flush with the leftmost part
of s 112(10), leaving para (_b_) indented.

28 There are, in addition, _weightier_ reasons as to why, in my view, the
qualifying words were intended to apply to, as well as qualify, _both_ paras
(_a_) _and_ (_b_). Let me elaborate.

29 If Ms Koh is correct in her argument that the qualifying words apply only
to para (_b_), it would follow that it would, potentially at least, be easier
for a gift given _before_ the marriage to become part of the pool of
matrimonial assets compared to a gift given during the marriage itself. This
will be the case simply because the qualifying words, which make it more
onerous for a gift to become part of the pool of matrimonial assets, would (as
we have just seen) apply only to para (_b_), which pertains to assets acquired
during the marriage (para (_a_), of course, pertains to assets acquired before
the marriage). I would add, however, that the phrase “potentially at least”
was used at the outset of this paragraph because, as we shall see, _even
assuming_ that Ms Koh’s argument is accepted, the _end result_ would, on
_these_ facts, be the _same_ (see below at [45]–[48], especially at [48]).

30 Returning to Ms Koh’s argument, in my view, the distinction drawn in the
preceding paragraph is neither logical nor fair.

31 It is illogical because there is no rational reason why such a distinction
should be drawn. In particular, there is no reason to subject gifts given
before, or prior to, the marriage to a less stringent test than gifts given
during the marriage itself. This leads to a second (and related) point
centring on fairness.

32 The second point from fairness has at least two aspects. The first – and
more general – aspect is this: The rationale underlying the qualifying words,
which impose conditions on the circumstances under which an asset acquired by
way of gift or inheritance may fall within the pool of matrimonial assets, is
both clear and fair, and centres on _the recognition of the donor’s intention
as well as the concomitant need to prevent unwarranted windfalls accruing to
the other party to the marriage_. Put simply, if I give a gift to someone, I
do not, _ex hypothesi_ , intend his or her spouse to have a share in it. If I
did in fact intend that last-mentioned person to have a share in my gift, I
would indicate clearly that this was the case. It will be seen that, in so far
as gifts or inheritances conferred _prior_ to the marriage are concerned, the
argument just considered applies in an _a fortiori_ fashion. Logically, it
could not have been the donor’s intention to have conferred the donee’s spouse
with a share in the gift or inheritance concerned even before the marriage
takes place. Indeed, in most instances (such as the present), the spouse
concerned is not even in the contemplation of the donor in the first instance.
In the present case, for example, the husband’s father gave the husband the
shares by way of a gift _well before_ the latter even met his wife. Indeed, it
should be further noted that this was the husband’s _second_ marriage. It was,
therefore, clearly _not_ the husband’s father’s intention for the wife in the
present proceedings to have any interest in the shares. Nor was there any such
intention indicated subsequent to the conferment of these shares to the
husband as gifts. But, it may be asked, should there be circumstances under
which a party to the marriage (such as the wife in the present proceedings)
ought to have a share in the gift or inheritance conferred on his or her
spouse? This brings me to the second – and more specific – aspect of fairness.

33 It might be argued that if the gift or inheritance constitutes _the
matrimonial home_ , it would be just and fair for that particular asset to
constitute part of the pool of matrimonial assets. After all, it has been
pertinently pointed out that “[t]he matrimonial home is the cradle of the
family”: see _Halsbury’s_ _Laws of Singapore_ vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2006
Reissue, 2006) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at para 130.788. It is
significant that this particular exception has indeed been incorporated both
within s 112(10)(_a_)(i) and (even more explicitly and importantly) within the
qualifying words themselves. Indeed, one could argue, on a _general_ level,
that notwithstanding the fact that the matrimonial home originated as a gift,
the very fact that it was given in order to be utilised as the matrimonial
home _itself_ results in the property concerned being _transformed_ into a
matrimonial asset. This may, admittedly, be putting the point too strongly,
although an analogous approach has apparently been adopted by the Legislature
inasmuch as it has (as we have just noted) been statutorily embodied as a
recognized category of matrimonial assets within s 112(10)(_a_)(i) as well as
in the form of an exception to the qualifying words themselves. I should add,
though, that, strictly speaking, in order for an asset to come within the
purview of s 112(10)(_a_)(i), that asset (even if it constitutes a gift)
_must_ have been “ordinarily used and enjoyed” in the manner stated therein.
For example, if a donor gives a house to one of the spouses intending it to be
used as the matrimonial home but, for some reason or other, that purpose does
not materialise, that house would not, strictly speaking, come within the
purview of s 112(10)(_a_)(i), although it might come within the purview of the
qualifying words. However, this may well, in substance, be a distinction
without a difference since if such a house is _not used_ as a matrimonial
home, it could be persuasively argued that the house is _not_ in fact “a
matrimonial home” as envisaged by the qualifying words.

34 Another argument from justice and fairness might centre on a situation
where the asset concerned has been _substantially improved_ by the other party
(_ie_ , the spouse on whom the asset was _not_ conferred by way of gift or
inheritance). If, after all, the efforts of that particular spouse contributed
to the substantial enhancement of the asset concerned, it is at least arguably
just and fair for that party to have a share in it even if the original
intention of the donor of the asset was not to benefit that party. In the
circumstances, there is, in my view, a strong argument for _including_ an
asset under _such circumstances_ in the pool of matrimonial assets.
Significantly, such a situation _is_ indeed incorporated within _the
qualifying words_ as well as within s 112(10)(_a_)(ii).

35 Another closely related situation arises where the other party (_ie_ , the
spouse on whom the asset was _not_ conferred by way of gift or inheritance)
contributed, _together with his or her spouse_ (_ie_ , the donee of the asset
by way of gift or inheritance), to the _substantial improvement_ of the asset
itself. Although such _joint_ improvement presents a less compelling reason
for inclusion in the pool of matrimonial assets as compared to the situation
set out in the preceding paragraph, it might be argued that there nevertheless
remains a strong reason for such inclusion simply because there was not only a
contribution to such substantial improvement by the other party but also
because _both parties_ were, by virtue of their _collaborative and combined
contribution_ , _actually demonstrating that they both regarded the asset
concerned as being part of the communal (here, matrimonial) pool of assets_.
Significantly, once again, such a situation _is also_ incorporated within _the
qualifying words_ as well as within s 112(10)(_a_)(ii).

36 A vitally important conclusion may, in my view, be drawn at this juncture.
_All the_ _three_ situations mentioned above (at [33]–[35]) which justify an
_exception_ being made to the general rule that assets acquired by one of the
parties by way of gift or inheritance should not constitute part of the pool
of matrimonial assets, _are in fact all contained within the qualifying
words_. Such situations are grounded, I should re-emphasise, in considerations
of _justice and fairness_ _which stem from the inherent nature of the asset in
question as a gift_ (and which I have sought to elaborate on briefly above).
Considerations of justice and fairness are, _by their very nature_ ,
applicable in a _general or universal_ manner. In other words, they are
_objective_ values that undergird the rule or rules concerned. Looked at in
this light, it is clear that the approach _set out in the qualifying words_
must therefore apply to _all_ situations where an asset by way of gift or
inheritance has been conferred by the donor on one of the parties to the
marriage – _regardless_ _of_ whether or not that asset was conferred _before
or during the marriage_. To adopt a contrary approach would be to embrace or
endorse a distinction which is both arbitrary as well as unjust and unfair.

37 In summary, _both_ form _and_ substance are consistent with the view that
the qualifying words apply to _both_ paras (_a_) _and_ (_b_) of s 112(10).
From the perspective of _form_ , the physical layout clearly indicates that
such an approach ought to be adopted (see [27] above). From the perspective of
_substance_ , various reasons centring on both logic as well as justice and
fairness also support (and strongly, in my view) that such an approach ought
to be adopted (see generally [28]–[36] above).

38 I should point out, at this juncture, however, that a leading local author
in this field, Prof Leong Wai Kum, has suggested a somewhat different
approach. She is of the view that there could be a possible alternative
argument to the effect that the qualifying words apply _only_ to _para (_ b
_)_ of s 112(10): see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at para
130.807.

39 The learned author commences by observing, correctly in my view, that “[a]
long statutory definition like this [_viz_ , the definition of “matrimonial
asset” in s 112(10)] can be problematic” (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
([33] _supra_) at para 130.799). In my view, this is certainly an
understatement, as can be seen from the analysis required above.

40 More significantly, and coming to the difference in approach adopted, the
learned author _assumes_ that the qualifying words are an integral part of s
112(10)(_b_) _only_ , although she also notes that the qualifying words “are
presented in a neat paragraph separated from the first two sentences of part
(b)” (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at para 130.807). This
last-mentioned point supports the point I made above to the effect that the
actual formatting of s 112(10), particularly in relation to the qualifying
words, in fact suggests that the qualifying words are _not_ an integral part
of s 112(10)(_b_) (see [27] above).

41 The learned author also points to the following (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at para 130.807):

[T]he definition [in the qualifying words] identifies [the property embodied
in the qualifying words] _by time of acquisition differently_ from the
property in the first two sentences [_ie_ , para (_b_) of s 112(10)]. _While
the first two sentences of part (b)_ [viz, para (_b_) of s 112(10)] _are of
property ‘acquired during the marriage’, in respect of property acquired by
gift or inheritance in this separate paragraph_ [_viz_ , comprising the
qualifying words] _the equivalent phrase is ‘acquired … at any time’. It is
therefore possible to read the definition not as separating property into two
parts depending simply on whether they were acquired before marriage or during
marriage but into three parts: namely property acquired before marriage,
property acquired during marriage and property acquired any time by gift or
inheritance._ [emphasis added]

42 The upshot of the conclusion in the quotation in the preceding paragraph is
that the separate timeframes referred to in para (_a_), para (_b_) as well as
the qualifying words, which are all within the definition of “matrimonial
asset” in s 112(10), entail the consequent separation of property into _three_
instead of two parts. Such an approach (which, significantly, the learned
author herself describes (in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at
para 130.807) as being both “possible” as well as “defensible”) in fact
reinforces the proposition to the effect that the qualifying words are
intended to cover _both_ paras (_a_) _and_ (_b_) of s 112(10), with the caveat
or qualification that this “third part” is not really a separate and distinct
part with its own separate meaning as such but is, rather, one which applies
to (or, rather, qualifies) _both_ paras (_a_) _and_ (_b_) of s 112(10).
Indeed, it is _only logical and natural_ for the qualifying words to utilise
the phrase “at any time” as they would, as I have argued, apply to property
acquired _both_ before _and_ during the marriage.

43 The learned author does argue, however, that if three categories or parts
(instead of two) were intended, then “three categories _should have required a
part (c) or, at least, the third category would have been expected to be
introduced with either ‘provided’ or a ‘proviso’_ ” [emphasis added] (see
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at para 130.807, note 3). As
alluded to in the preceding paragraph, a separate para (_c_) in s 112(10)
would have been inappropriate since this would have connoted the statutory
recognition of a _separate_ category of matrimonial assets that was
_independent_ of paras (_a_) and (_b_) – which would have been the very
_antithesis_ of what was intended, _viz_ , the qualification, in fact, of
_both_ paras (_a_) _and_ (_b_) in the context of gifts and inheritances. The
phrase “provided that” or its equivalent was also, in my view, unnecessary,
since the language at the commencement of the qualifying words (“but does not
include”) is clear and serves the same function.

44 Indeed, if one examines para (_a_) of s 112(10) closely, it will be seen
that the overall scope of assets that would fall within the ambit of
“matrimonial asset” within the meaning of s 112(10) if acquired _before_ the
marriage by one or both parties to the marriage is _more constrained_ than
that which exists with respect to assets acquired _during_ the marriage
pursuant to para (_b_) of s 112(10). This is logical since there is _no_
presumption that assets acquired _before_ the marriage are _naturally or
ordinarily_ intended to be part of the pool of matrimonial assets as there
was, _ex hypothesi_ , no marriage in existence at the time of the acquisition
of the assets themselves. This reinforces, once again, the argument made above
(at [29]) to the effect that it would be anomalous to make it easier for a
gift given to one of the spouses _before_ the marriage to form part of the
pool of matrimonial assets. This point is in fact driven home by a closer
examination of the _substance_ of s 112(10) itself.

45 Indeed, it is at least arguable that s 112(10)(_a_) (reproduced above at
[21], and which, it will be recalled, applies to assets acquired _before_ the
marriage) does, in _substance_ , _already incorporate_ _much_ of what would be
covered by an application of the qualifying words. Let me elaborate.

46 Section 112(10)(_a_)(i) (reproduced above at [21]) refers to “any asset
acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage”
which is “ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes”. This
would include the matrimonial home, but would also include more than just the
matrimonial home. Herein lies a difference between the application of this
particular provision and the application of the qualifying words, as the
latter only exempts gifts used as the matrimonial home from the requirement of
“substantial improvement”. Section 112(10)(_a_)(i) on the other hand, _also_
exempts assets _other than_ the matrimonial home from the requirement just
mentioned. That s 112(10)(_a_)(i) is not subject to the requirement of
“substantial improvement” set out in s 112(10)(_a_)(ii) is clear from the
disjunctive word “or” which separates both these sub-paragraphs. It has, in
fact, been suggested that the concept of _substantial_ use be introduced both
with respect to s 112(10)(_a_)(i) and the reference to the matrimonial home in
the qualifying words (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at
paras 130.810 and 130.814). There is no need for, and I therefore do not make,
any final pronouncement on this last-mentioned issue, save to observe that a
plain reading of both these parts of s 112(10) does not suggest that
substantial use is required and (more importantly, for our present purposes)
that even if the concept of substantial use were introduced, there would
nevertheless remain the difference noted above between the scope of s
112(10)(_a_)(i) and the qualifying words. If, indeed, the qualifying words
also apply to s 112(10)(_a_)(i), whilst assets that are “ordinarily used or
enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their children” might ordinarily
fall within the pool of matrimonial assets, such assets (other than the
matrimonial home) which in fact originate as _gifts_ would _not, unless_ they
have been substantially _improved_ during the marriage by one party or both
parties to the marriage, fall within the meaning of the qualifying words.
Accordingly, even if the requirement of “substantial use” is accepted as part
of s 112(10)(_a_)(i), inconsistency would still result if the qualifying words
are regarded as applying solely to para (_b_), and not para (_a_), of s
112(10). Notwithstanding the element of “substantial use”, such an
interpretation would still make it _easier_ for gifts or inheritances acquired
before the marriage to fall within the pool of matrimonial assets. For
instance, where a gift is conferred on one party _before_ the marriage, it
would qualify as a matrimonial asset if it has been ordinarily (and
substantially) used by both parties for recreational purposes. In contrast, a
gift conferred on one party _during_ the marriage would not qualify as a
matrimonial asset notwithstanding its ordinary (and substantial) use for such
purposes if it has not additionally been _substantially improved_ by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage.

47 Turning to s 112(10)(_a_)(ii) (reproduced above at [21]), this particular
provision refers to “any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage … which has been substantially improved during
the marriage by the other party or by both parties to the marriage”. This
would result, in the context of gifts, in the _same_ result as the application
of the qualifying words.

48 In more than one sense, therefore, the application of the qualifying words
to para (_a_) of s 112(10) would make no real difference to the results that
would obtain by an application of this particular provision _sans_ the
qualifying words. This _would_ , in fact, be the result in the _present_ case
_even if_ the qualifying words did not apply. The shares did not fall within
the purview of s 112(10)(_a_)(i) inasmuch as they were _not_ “ordinarily used
or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their children while the parties
[were] residing together for shelter or for transportation or for household,
education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes”. Neither were the
shares “substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by
both parties to the marriage” within the meaning of s 112(10)(_a_)(ii) (see,
especially, [50] and [51] below). _However_ , as already noted above (at
[46]), the application of the qualifying words _might_ , under certain _other_
circumstances, generate a _different result_ , particularly _vis-à-vis_
circumstances falling within s 112(10)(_a_)(i). Hence, it is not true to state
that the qualifying words are wholly redundant in so far as para (_a_) of s
112(10) is concerned. This was certainly not the argument made in the
available case law or scholarly literature. On the other hand, given the form
_and_ substance of s 112(10) itself, there are, as I have elaborated upon in
more detail above (at [27]–[37] and [46]), very persuasive reasons as to why
the qualifying words ought to apply to para (_a_) _as well as_ to para (_b_)
of s 112(10).

49 Having determined that the qualifying words apply to _both_ paras (_a_)
_and_ (_b_) of s 112(10), it follows that in the context of the present
proceedings, I have to consider whether or not the qualifying words apply to
the specific assets potentially falling within _para (_ a _)_ , since the
shares were given to the husband _before_ his marriage to the wife. In other
words, leaving aside the question of whether the shares fall within the assets
identified in s 112(10)(_a_)(i) or s 112(10)(_a_)(ii), they would, in any
event, form part of the pool of matrimonial assets _only if_ the wife could
bring herself within one or more of the situations embodied within the
qualifying words. I should add, however, that applying s 112(10) strictly, I
should ascertain, first, whether the shares fell within the purview of s
112(10)(_a_) to begin with. As I have noted above (at [48]), they clearly did
_not_. This, in fact, concludes the present proceedings in favour of the
husband. In other words, Ms Koh’s assumption (at [22] above) that the shares
would have fallen within the purview of s 112(10)(_a_) _but for_ the
qualifying words was not, with respect, a valid one to begin with. However, as
much argument by counsel for the parties turned (as we have seen) on the
relationship (if any) between the qualifying words on the one hand and paras
(_b_) and (especially) (_a_) on the other, I turn now to consider briefly the
application of the qualifying words to s 112(10)(_a_), in the light of my
finding on the law above.

50 It is clear that the shares do _not_ constitute the “matrimonial home”. I
turn, next, therefore, to consider whether or not the shares had been
“substantially improved during the marriage” by either the wife _or_ by both
the wife and the husband. It is patently clear that there had been no such
improvement to the shares.

51 I should note that Ms Koh did in fact attempt to argue that the shares had
been “substantially improved” by the wife during the subsistence of the
marriage through her indirect financial contributions. I rejected this
argument for the simple reason that there was _no direct causal connection
whatsoever_ between these contributions and the shares (see the Singapore
Court of Appeal decisions of _Hoong Khai Soon v Cheng Kwee Eng_ [1993] 3 SLR
34 (“ _Hoong Khai Soon_ ”) at 38, [11] and _Lee Yong Chuan Edwin v Tan Soan
Lian_ [2001] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Lee Edwin_ ”) at [36]). This is obviously a
question of fact (see _Hoong Khai Soon_ at 38, [11]). Indeed, in the context
of the present proceedings, there was _no substantial improvement of the
shares to begin with_ (see also the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Shi
Fang v Koh Pee Huat_ [1996] 2 SLR 221). Though Ms Koh cited the Singapore
Court of Appeal decision of _Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong Kian Haw_ [1994] 1
SLR 22, this particular decision is readily distinguishable from the situation
in the present proceedings. In that case, the wife concerned _did_ in fact
_actually assist_ the husband _in the business_ which had been given to him
(the husband) by his father. Mr Khoo cited, on the other hand, the Singapore
High Court decision of _Chow Hoo Siong v Lee Dawn Audrey_ [2003] 4 SLR 481 (“
_Chow Hoo Siong_ ”), where S Rajendran J observed thus (at [13]–[15]):

13  **_The wife was not a director, shareholder, employee of or advisor to any
of the companies in the group: her only link was that she was the wife of the
husband._** That being so, the affairs of the Teo companies, even if fully
disclosed by the husband to the court, would not have revealed any
contributions by the wife: **_even the wife did not claim that she had made
any direct contribution to the Teo Shares._** Any “indirect” contribution she
may have made – such as looking after the welfare of the family – would not
appear in the records of the Teo companies. There was therefore no basis for
the district judge to have made the inference from the husband’s conduct that
had he made full disclosure the wife’s contribution would have been revealed.

14 Apart from the adverse inference that the district judge drew from the
husband’s conduct, **_the district judge enumerated the following “indirect
contributions” by the wife towards the “improvement” of the Teo Shares:_**

It was pertinent to note that the Respondent’s admission that his salary in
ESC [Eng Seng Cement Products – a company controlled by the Teo companies]
remained the same “since graduation. I am the lowest paid because I’m youngest
in the generation hierarchy”. Clearly Chow has enhanced the shares through his
employment in ESC. By accepting no increment in salary over 13 years of
service to the company, he has in fact enhanced the profits of the company and
in turn the value of the shares of the companies. _His sacrifice would also
affect the lifestyle of his wife who, according to the Respondent, was
required to share in the family expenses. She also had contributed financially
towards the household and hence had participated towards the acquisition of
the asset by her efforts towards the family life_. [emphasis added]

**_These “contributions” were, in my view, far too remote and far too
insignificant to justify the conclusion that the district judge arrived at
that the Teo Shares have been improved by the contributions of the wife during
the marriage._**

15 As the wife had not on her own or together with the husband contributed in
any way to the improvement of the Teo Shares, these shares should not be
included in the pool of matrimonial assets available for division between the
parties.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

This decision supports, in my view, the proposition to the effect that
_indirect_ _financial_ contributions _alone_ are _too vague and remote_ to
justify a finding that the spouse concerned had helped to substantially
improve an asset within the meaning of s 112(10). This is _not_ to state that
indirect financial contributions can _never_ justify such a finding (_cf Hoong
Khai Soon_ at 38, [10] and [11]). But even so, and as I have already pointed
out, a _direct causal connection_ needs to be proved between the contributions
and the improvement of the asset. This was clearly _not_ proved on the facts
of the present case. It is also important to note that indirect financial
contributions would, in any event, _be taken into account_ in _ascertaining
the proportion_ of the matrimonial assets that ought to be given to the
spouses concerned and hence otherwise serve an important function.

52 Given my analysis as set out in the preceding paragraph, I do not have to
consider the further issue as to whether or not, despite the clear language in
s 112(10), the court ought nevertheless to take into account efforts at
substantial improvement even by the spouse who in fact acquired the property
in the first instance (_cf_ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at
paras 130.793, 130.801, 130.811 and 130.813). However, the better view would
appear to be that the clear language of the provision should be adhered to.
Indeed, this is the position adopted in _Chow Hoo Siong_ ([51] _supra_),
especially at [11] (and which was also acknowledged, critically but without
critique, in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , _id_). It has also been
suggested that if the rationale is not to undermine the recognition of a
marriage as being an “equal co-operative partnership of _efforts_ ” [emphasis
added] (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 130.801), a more flexible
approach ought to be adopted by the court. With respect, however, if the focus
is, as it must be, on the co-operative _efforts_ of the spouses, it is not
surprising that Parliament drafted the provision in the manner it did. After
all, as a logical starting-point, a _gift_ is (by its _very nature_) _not_
acquired by _any effort_ as such on the part of the donee and, _a fortiori_ ,
on the part of _his or her_ spouse. This is not to state that the concept of
effort as such is irrelevant once one enters the realm of assets acquired by
way of gift; far from it. Indeed, if there has in fact been _effort_ by the
spouse (who is _not_ the donee of the gift) which results in _substantial
improvement_ to the gift, then he or she ought to have a share – and s 112(10)
itself expressly provides for this. On the other hand, as will be seen from
the discussion below, if the _donee_ of the gift has, by his or her _efforts_
, “ _converted_ ” the gift into a different asset, then the new asset, if it
has _ex hypothesi_ _lost_ its quality as a gift, can then be treated as part
of the pool of matrimonial assets provided that it satisfies either para (_a_)
or para (_b_) of s 112(10).

53 I find, therefore, that the shares do _not_ form part of the pool of
matrimonial assets within the meaning of s 112(10). On a more general level, I
should add that, given the infelicity of the language of s 112(10) itself, it
might not be inappropriate for Parliament to consider an amendment to that
provision to clarify, once and for all, the operation of the provision in
general and the scope of the qualifying words in particular.

54 _However_ , this does not conclude the case in favour of the husband
because Ms Koh had another string to her legal bow. In particular, Ms Koh
argued that _even if_ the qualifying words extend to both paras (_a_) and
(_b_) of s 112(10), these words are nevertheless inapplicable to the present
facts since the assets in question were not “acquired… _by gift_ ” within the
meaning of the qualifying words. In particular, Ms Koh argued that the assets
derived from the shares _no longer_ constituted gifts because _changed
circumstances had transformed the initial character of the shares_.

55 Ms Koh’s argument raised, in turn, at least two related issues. The first
was an obvious issue: When does a gift cease to be a gift? The second issue
(which is in effect a more specific offshoot of the first) is whether or not
when a gift is “converted” into something else (for instance, by selling the
original gift and using the proceeds of sale to acquire a different asset),
the court is entitled to _trace_ the source of funds for the purchase of the
new asset back to _the original gift_ and, if so, whether, _under those
circumstances_ , it can be argued (provided such tracing can be effected) that
the new asset _continues_ to be in the nature of a gift. I turn, now, to
consider both these issues _seriatim_.

**When does a gift cease to be a gift?**

56**** Both Mr Khoo and Ms Koh were candid. They admitted that there was no
clear test which enabled the court to ascertain when a gift ceased to be a
gift. Such a concession was particularly telling in view of the fact that both
counsel are experienced family lawyers. In fairness, however, this was perhaps
not unexpected. After all, there was, in the nature of things, a myriad of
possibilities corresponding (in turn) to a myriad of possible gifts as well as
an equal number of possibilities pertaining to the circumstances under which
such gifts are conferred. Although one ought, in my view, to strenuously avoid
the aphorism “it all depends on the facts”, this is (unfortunately) one such
situation when it rings true (though _cf per_ Choo Han Teck J in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Nova Leisure Pte Ltd_
[2003] SGHC 168 at [6] and [7]; but _cf_ , in turn, the analysis following).
There is a sense in which such an approach is not wholly disappointing or
unjustified. The law deals with, and sets out (in the main), _normative_ rules
and principles. However, at a certain point in the practical world, normative
rules and principles have to be reduced to a certain level of specificity by
applying them to given facts. At this particular juncture, the line between
the normative or prescriptive on the one hand and the descriptive on the other
becomes blurred. I would myself prefer the rubric of “interaction” instead.
Returning to the present proceedings, it is clear that at the juncture when
the court has to consider whether or not _a particular asset_ is in the nature
of a gift, it has, in effect, moved from the normative sphere into the
descriptive or factual sphere. At this point, therefore, the precise factual
matrix becomes of paramount importance. There appears, nevertheless, to be at
least one specific guideline. This brings me to the second issue which centres
on a form of “tracing”.

57 According to Judith Prakash J in the Singapore High Court decision of _Ang
Teng Siong v Lee Su Min_ [2000] 3 SLR 55 (“ _Ang Teng Siong_ ”) at [11], where
a spouse receives an asset by way of gift or inheritance during the course of
the marriage, “the owner of the gifted asset would have to show that it
_originated from the generosity of a third party_ in order to prevent it from
being divided upon divorce” [emphasis added]. Inherent in this statement is
the ancillary question of _how far back_ one should go in order to decide
whether the asset in question “originated from” (see _id_) or was “acquired …
by gift” within the meaning of the qualifying words. In the context of the
precise factual matrix in the present proceedings, it is clear, in my view,
that the assets derived from the shares, albeit assuming different forms from
the original gift, _ie_ , the shares, nevertheless retained the essential
quality of being gifts. It would be quite a different situation if the husband
had utilised proceeds from the shares to purchase _gifts for the wife or to
otherwise utilise such proceeds for and on behalf of the family_. This is
clearly _not_ the situation here. The husband has, at no time, indicated (in a
clear and unambiguous fashion) that the shares (whether in their original or
present forms) have ceased to be gifts from his father and have become part of
the pool of matrimonial assets. Indeed, as we shall see, the gift made to the
husband by his father has remained intact, albeit in spirit but not in
strictly the same _physical_ form. I should point out, at this juncture, that,
_because of the court-ordered liquidation of the companies concerned (which
the husband had no say in, let alone control over)_ , the shares _could not
possibly have remained in their original form in the first instance_ (for
related proceedings in this regard, see _Re Eng Cheong Peng Kee Pte Ltd_
[1998] 3 SLR 1; _Re Eng Cheong Peng Kee Pte Ltd (No 2)_ [1998] 3 SLR 61; and
(in particular) _Low Peng Boon v Low Janie_ [1999] 1 SLR 761). Hence, it does
not assist the wife to argue that the shares have, under _these_
circumstances, been transformed in that they have been exchanged for different
assets; such “transformation” was both _merely literal and_ , as I have just
mentioned, “ _forced_ ”. The wife had to go further. In particular, she had to
demonstrate that there was _a real and unambiguous_ _intention on the part of
the husband that the present assets which had their original source in the
shares were to constitute part of the pool of matrimonial assets_. Any other
approach would afford the wife an unjustifiable windfall that is completely at
odds with the original rationale behind the exclusion of gifts from the pool
of matrimonial assets in the first instance and to which I have referred
briefly above (at [32]). Put another way, any other approach would offer the
wife in these proceedings an illegitimate “backdoor” to a claim for the shares
based on _a dry and literalist approach_ towards the entire concept of
transformation or conversion (here, of the shares). In other words, the
question of whether an asset originally given as a gift (here, the shares) has
subsequently ceased to be a gift is _not_ dependent _solely_ on its _literal_
transformation as such; rather, the correct approach to be adopted should be
to inquire whether or not such _literal_ transformation was _accompanied by a
voluntary intention on the part of the donee of the gift (here, the husband)
that such transformation or conversion of the gift was for the purpose of
integrating the gift into the pool of matrimonial assets_. If so, then the
_literal_ transformation would become a _legal_ one as well. Looked at in this
light, it is clear to me (as I have already mentioned above) that the husband
did _not_ possess, let alone manifest, such an intention. Indeed, the husband
was _in effect forced by circumstances beyond his control to transform or
convert the proceeds from the shares owing to the court-ordered liquidation of
the companies concerned_. It is true that he might have kept these proceeds in
a bank account. This in fact took place for part of the proceeds. _However_ ,
no reasonable or prudent person would merely do this. But is the husband then
to be penalised for doing what he had no choice but to do and/or what a
reasonable or prudent person would have done? The answer is obvious. In the
circumstances, therefore, I find that, _notwithstanding_ the _literal_
transformation of the shares (or, more accurately, the proceeds therefrom),
the gift of the shares (and its exchange products) have _not_ thereby ceased
to be in the nature of a gift made to the husband.

58 In other words, where funds derived from a gift are used to acquire a new
asset, _this new asset_ will qualify as an “asset … acquired … by gift” within
the qualifying words _unless_ it can be shown that the _donee_ (here, the
husband) has demonstrated an _intention_ that the new asset _should_ be
considered part of the pool of matrimonial assets. Put in another way, the new
asset will be “acquired … by gift” if the donee intends the new asset to
assume the _same_ nature as that of the _original_ asset, _ie_ , that of being
a gift. At this juncture, I should however pause to highlight that _before_
one can even undertake this enquiry of _whether_ the nature of the original
asset should be that of the new asset, it would, in all cases, be necessary to
first consider whether the new asset is _traceable_ to the assets which
constituted the original gift (here, the shares) to begin with. If such
tracing is not available, for example, where it is unclear what the _source_
of funds used to acquire the new asset was, it would be _logically_
_impossible_ to additionally consider whether the “new” asset _continues_ to
be in the nature of a gift.

59 Ms Koh sought to argue that the case law did not support such an approach
from tracing. In addition, she argued that the only decision that appeared to
do so related to the matrimonial home. With respect, the weight of authority
appears to suggest otherwise (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet Bernadette_ ([16] _supra_) and the
Singapore High Court decision of _Ang Teng Siong_ ([57] _supra_)). These cases
did in fact relate to the matrimonial home and to the specific issue of the
division of matrimonial assets, but the _general principles_ embodied therein
are what is essential. And it is always preferable, wherever possible, to rely
on first principles. This is especially appropriate, in my view, because the
case law is not, in any event, unambiguously clear in so far as this
particular issue is concerned. There is, in fact, no reason in logic or
principle why the concept of tracing should not be applied to proceedings such
as the present. Indeed, in _Ang Teng Siong_ , Judith Prakash J very logically
and commonsensically endorsed (at [15]) the concept of tracing the source of
funds “only so far as is reasonably practicable” when the facts presented
difficulties. This is clearly not the case here and, in any event, even where
there are difficulties with the facts, the learned judge, as we have only just
noted, would nevertheless also have endorsed tracing, albeit “only so far as
is reasonably practicable”. The present assets that are the subject of the
present proceedings are clearly and unambiguously _traceable_ to the original
gifts made to the husband from his father (_viz_ , the shares). In addition,
the husband never expressed any intention for these new assets to now form
part of the pool of matrimonial assets. They should therefore be seen as
“gifts” just as the shares would have been.

60 There is, in fact, only one decision which appears to support the wife.
This is the decision in _Hoong Khai Soon_ (which was in fact cited earlier, at
[51] above). However, the support is more apparent than real. This becomes
clear when the actual context of that decision is considered. In that case,
the court awarded the wife 35 per cent of her husband’s half-share in the new
property which replaced their former matrimonial home. Indeed, it is
significant to note at this particular juncture that the more pertinent issue
was whether or not property that _replaced_ the matrimonial home could be
considered as part of the pool of matrimonial assets for the purposes of
division. Prof Leong has argued, relying on _Hoong Khai Soon_ , that this
ought to be the case (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at
para 130.789). The issue that is germane for the purposes of the _present_
proceedings, however, is _quite different_ and relates to a different aspect
of _Hoong Khai Soon_. To put it simply, the issue at hand is this: In _Hoong
Khai Soon_ , the husband’s half-share in the new property had originated in a
share of the matrimonial home which had been a _gift_ to him from his parents
prior to his marriage, but was nevertheless held by the court to be part of
the pool of matrimonial assets. In other words, the court did not consider the
husband’s half-share as continuing to constitute a gift. In the words of the
learned judge, Lai Kew Chai J, delivering the judgment of the court (at [17]):

In the absence of documentary evidence or other evidence as to the figure, we
are left to make a rough and ready approximation that the husband paid for
half of [the property that replaced the matrimonial home] as renovated. The
money came from the proceeds of sale of [the matrimonial home]. Although the
latter property was a gift, we do not think that we should trace the source of
funds for a purchase to its origin. It would be inimical to the concept of a
matrimonial partnership if the source of funds for every asset acquired during
marriage had to be shown to not originate from the generosity of a third
party.

61 However, a closer analysis of this particular decision in general and the
words just quoted in particular will reveal that the context and principles in
_Hoong Khai Soon_ are readily distinguishable from those which obtain in the
present proceedings.

62 The key point of distinction may be mentioned first. And it is that the
focus in _Hoong Khai Soon_ was on _the matrimonial home_ – or, more
accurately, the replacement for the matrimonial home. We have already seen
that the matrimonial home ought to be an exception to the general rule that
gifts are not part of the pool of matrimonial assets and that this exception
has, in any event, been statutorily embodied within s 112(10) of the Act
itself (see [33] above). Hence, the concept of tracing in _Hoong Khai Soon_
was immaterial as the fact that the husband’s half-share in the matrimonial
home was a gift did not take it out of the pool of matrimonial assets in the
first instance.

63 Secondly, the learned judge in _Hoong Khai Soon_ was, in my view, merely
cautioning against the laying down of a _general_ (and, indeed, _blanket_)
rule to the effect that “the _source of funds_ for _every_ asset acquired
_during marriage had to be_ shown _to not originate from the generosity of a
third party_ ”, as to do so “would be inimical to the concept of a matrimonial
partnership” [emphasis added] (see [60] above). He was _not_ , equally, laying
down a general or blanket rule _to the contrary_. Indeed, in the subsequent
(also) Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Lim Keng Hwa v Tan Han Chuah_
[1996] 3 SLR 593, L P Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the court, was of
the view (at [23]) that “[a]ll that _Hoong Khai Soon_ has decided is that as a
matter of convenience, the court in considering the operation of [the
predecessor of s 112] would _not_ be concerned with an _endless_ tracing of
the source of funds for the acquisition of property” [emphasis added]. In
fact, in the context of the _present_ proceedings, to consider the assets
replacing the shares as continuing to be in the nature of a gift to the
husband (notwithstanding, as we have seen, their “forced” conversion into
other assets) is not in the least inconsistent with the concept of a
matrimonial partnership simply because the shares (and ensuing assets) were
_never intended to constitute part of the matrimonial pool of assets in the
first instance_ ; nor would _endless_ tracing be involved since the proceeds
from the shares could clearly be traced into these assets. As importantly, the
observations of the learned judge in _Hoong Khai Soon_ ought not to – and,
indeed, cannot – be divorced from the specific factual context in which they
were made. In _Hoong Khai Soon_ , the context related to the purchase of
property which was to serve as the new matrimonial home before (unfortunately)
the matrimonial situation broke down completely. Looked at in that particular
light, it was clear that the source of funds for the purchase was really
immaterial. Hence, the fact that the funds had come from an asset that was
originally a gift was immaterial. Indeed, as I have emphasised in an earlier
part of this judgment, the fact that an asset is gifted _with the specific
intention that it be utilised as the matrimonial home_ (and, in the specific
context of s 112(10)(_a_)(i), must in fact be “ordinarily used and enjoyed by
both parties or one or more of their children” as such) arguably transforms,
_ipso facto_ , that asset from a gift into a matrimonial asset (see [33]
above; _cf_ also _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at para
130.789, note 3, where the learned author refers to the original asset’s
“origin as a gift ceasing to remain relevant” as well as _id_ at para
130.796). Even if it be thought that such an argument is a little too radical,
the fact remains that _Parliament_ has embodied a similar approach with
respect to the matrimonial home in s 112(10) itself (see, once again, [33]
above). There is, however, also a suggestion to the effect that a gift might,
over time, cease to be relevant “at least where not including the property
might have left the homemaker sorely disadvantaged” (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ at para 130.796). With respect, premising the cessation of a gift
wholly or even primarily on the concept of fairness to (here) the wife is only
one policy consideration; an equally important policy consideration that
militates against that just mentioned and which, in my view, ought to prevail
is the fact that the court ought, as far as possible, to _give effect to the
intention of the donor, as well as_ the (related) fact that a spouse ought
_not_ to obtain _an unmerited windfall_ (see [32] above). The situation might
be quite different where the spouse who is the donee of the gift actually
incorporates that particular gift into the pool of matrimonial assets. This
was clearly not the situation in so far as the present proceedings were
concerned.

64 Thirdly, as I have pointed out above, it is clear that, in any event, the
weight of authority suggests that tracing of a gift as it assumes the form of
different assets is not only possible but also desirable in appropriate cases.
The present proceedings constitute one such case. Indeed, the situation in the
present proceedings is not unlike that which existed in _Lee Edwin_ ([51]
_supra_), which (not surprisingly) was relied upon by Mr Khoo. In that case,
it was held (at [33]) that “the true nature of the gift remains intact”. The
factual matrix in _Lee Edwin_ was, admittedly, an easy one inasmuch as the
shares concerned were in fact issued to the donee spouse in exchange for
shares which were given him previously by his grandparents and father.
However, the situation in that case was, in _substance_ , no different from
that which obtains in the present proceedings. The court in _Lee Edwin_
observed (at [35]) that the shares concerned continued to represent the same
proportionate share in the underlying family business. The situation in the
present proceedings is, in _substance_ , similar even though the _literal_
transformation was factually different. However, as I have already explained
above, a literalist approach is to be eschewed and one that is true to the
spirit and substance of the fact situation at hand ought to be adopted
instead.

**Conclusion**

65**** In summary, I find that the shares do not form part of the pool of
matrimonial assets within the meaning of s 112(10); they constituted gifts
which did not fall within any of the exceptions in the qualifying words that
would have nevertheless enabled them to have been included within the pool of
matrimonial assets. Indeed, they did not even fall within the scope of s
112(10)(_a_) in any event. I also find that the shares did not cease to be
gifts despite their literal transformation into the form of other assets.

66 If, however, I am wrong and the appellate court finds that the shares do
form part of the pool of matrimonial assets, the proportion of 35 per cent
asked for by the wife would, in my view, be too high. When I ordered a
division of the matrimonial assets (excluding the shares and the husband’s
Singapore Island Country Club membership) in the proportion of 35 per cent to
the wife and 65 per cent to the husband, I took into account (as is customary)
several factors (including those set out in s 112 itself). It is now widely
acknowledged that the court’s discretion is to be exercised in broad strokes
rather than by way of an unrealistic mathematical approach (see _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ ([33] _supra_) at paras 130.757 and 130.759, citing the
Singapore High Court decision of _Koo Shirley v Mok Kong Chua Kenneth_ [1989]
SLR 342 and the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Yeong Swan Ann v Lim
Fei Yen_ [1999] 1 SLR 651). The focus is also on achieving a fair and
reasonable division (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at paras 130.760 and
130.761). All this is undoubtedly not only consistent with the existing case
law but is also both logical and commonsensical. But there is no substitute
for a careful consideration of all the relevant facts and factors in the case
at hand. These included the fact that the husband had, on one occasion, made a
will leaving 50 per cent of his assets to the wife. That will has, not
surprisingly, since been revoked. I also took into account the wife’s various
non-financial contributions to the family over a relatively long period of 17
years (including, but not confined to, her looking after her husband’s various
needs as well as helping on various occasions to look after her in-laws).
However, whilst I did take into account the factors just mentioned, I also
took into account the fact that the various non-financial contributions by the
wife were not very substantive or systemic, despite the fact that they were
spread out over a relatively lengthy period of time. There were also no
children of the marriage. There was some evidence that the wife did care
occasionally for her step-son (the son of the husband from his first
marriage), but this, again, was not very substantive or systemic. The wife’s
affidavits put forward, of course, a strong case. This was only to be
expected, but the reality, when viewed from the perspective of what _in fact_
was _substantively_ done by the wife, was quite different. As Prof Leong aptly
put it (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at para 130.835):

While the marital relationship is good, spouses are likely individually to do
their utmost and gladly co-operate to acquire wealth jointly. When it turns
sour, a spouse _may be tempted to exaggerate his or her contribution and
regard the other as having slacked throughout marriage_. [emphasis added]

This was why I ordered a division of matrimonial assets in the proportion I
did.

67 __ However, if the shares are included, _other_ factors would necessarily
come into play as well. One factor is the fact that the shares were at least
originally a gift to the husband and were given well before his marriage to
the wife. More importantly, the enormous value of the shares coupled with the
fact that the wife had done nothing to enhance their value suggest that
granting her 35 per cent of the value of the shares would neither be just nor
equitable.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

