Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kuala Lumpur City Securities Sdn Bhd v Boston Asset Management Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Universal Network Education Pte Ltd) and Another  
[2006] SGHC 99

Case Number | : | Suit 490/2005, RA 365/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Siraj Omar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff; Zaheer Merchant and Sophine Chin (Madhavan Partnership) and Vincent John (Andrew Yap & Company) for the first and second defendants   
Parties | : |  Kuala Lumpur City Securities Sdn Bhd — Boston Asset Management Pte Ltd (formerly known as Universal Network Education Pte Ltd); Tan Hong Liat Ronald   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Default judgment – Plaintiff
obtaining judgment against first and second defendants in default of
appearance and in default of defence respectively – Whether judgments should
be set aside – Whether judgment against second defendant regularly obtained –
Whether first and second defendants' defence having real prospect of success  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Defendants applying for stay of
proceedings brought by plaintiff – Defendants alleging that Malaysia the
natural forum – Whether documents giving rise to dispute governed by exclusive
jurisdiction clause – Whether sufficient grounds for granting stay shown  
  

6 June 2006

Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 Boston Asset Management Pte Ltd and Tan Hong Liat Ronald, the first and
second defendants respectively, appealed in Registrar’s Appeal No 365 of 2005
(“the Appeal”) against the decision of the assistant registrar, in dismissing
their application in Summons in Chambers No 5037 of 2005 (“the Application”).

2 The Application was made against Kuala Lumpur City Securities Sdn Bhd, the
plaintiff, for, _inter alia_ , the following orders:

(a) for the plaintiff to file (and serve) an affidavit furnishing documents
evidencing the outstanding purchases, contra losses and interest bills in a
sub-account of the trading account (including the sub-account) referred to at
para 10(a) of the writ of summons, upon which the plaintiff claimed
RM6,614,039.92 from the defendants, and a copy of the trading account
agreement dated 6 August 2003;

(b) that the Application and any subsequent documents filed in respect thereto
not to be considered a step taken by the defendants in the proceedings which
would prejudice or affect the defendants’ application for a stay of
proceedings;

(c) that the judgment entered in default of appearance against the first
defendant on 5 August 2005 be set aside on the ground that it was irregular;
alternatively, that it be set aside on the merits;

(d) that the first defendant be granted leave to file an appearance to the
action within eight days;

(e) that all further proceedings against the first and/or second defendants be
stayed pursuant to cl 12 of an agreement in writing between the plaintiff and
the second defendant contained in a letter of guarantee and indemnity dated 15
October 2003 by which it was agreed that the guarantee and indemnity shall be
governed and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of
Malaysia;

(f) alternatively, that all further proceedings in this action be stayed on
the ground that Singapore is not the proper forum for the trial of the
plaintiff’s action; and

(g) that there be a stay of execution on the judgment.

3 I dismissed the Appeal with costs when it came up for hearing before me. The
defendants have now appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No 23 of
2006).

**The facts**

4 The plaintiff is a Malaysian securities firm based in Kuala Lumpur. The
first defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore and is an asset
management agent. The second defendant is a fund manager by occupation and was
at all material times the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the first
defendant.

5 In the later half of 2003, one Joanne Hiew (“Joanne”) (who was a dealer’s
representative with another securities company called Avenue Securities in
Kuala Lumpur) approached the plaintiff and said she wanted to introduce
Dutanamic Sdn Bhd (“Dutanamic”) to the plaintiff as a client. Joanne had
indicated she intended to join the plaintiff’s services but did not do so
eventually. Joanne explained that the account to be opened was to enable
Dutanamic to trade in shares of Fountainview Development Sdn Bhd
(“Fountainview”) which company was effectively controlled and managed by one
Dato’ Chin Chan Leong (“Chin”) and his wife. Subsequently, Joanne introduced
Chin to the plaintiff’s Chief Operating Officer, Roy Winston George
(“George”). George agreed to the opening of a trading account by Dutanamic.

6 A business associate had introduced Joanne and Chin to the first defendant
in the second quarter of 2003. The second defendant informed Chin of the
services he and the first defendant could offer, _viz_ management of clean
funds from high net worth individuals and from qualified corporations and
institutions, subject to the regulations of Singapore.

7 Subsequently, Joanne inquired of the second defendant whether he would be
interested to open an account with the plaintiff so that her clients
(including Dutanamic) could buy and sell shares in Malaysia under the first
defendant’s name. Using the first defendant to trade would enable Joanne to
receive commission indirectly, from rebates given to clients such as the first
defendant, whereas, if her clients traded with securities firms other than
Avenue Securities, she would not receive any commission. Joanne assured the
second defendant there would be no risks involved as more than enough shares
and funds would be placed with the first defendant for trading in Malaysian
securities. For such services, Joanne offered to pay the first defendant 30%
of the rebates received from the securities firms. The second defendant
agreed.

8 On or about 6 August 2003, the first defendant entered into an agreement
with the plaintiff whereby the plaintiff agreed to open a trading account
(“the BAM trading account”) for the first defendant to enable the latter to
trade in stock, shares and securities listed on any exchange approved by the
plaintiff. The terms and conditions for the BAM trading account were set out
in the plaintiff’s account opening form, which the second defendant also
executed on 6 August 2003.

9 On 15 October 2003, the second defendant executed a letter of guarantee and
indemnity (“the Guarantee and Indemnity”). He guaranteed (as principal debtor
and not surety) the due performance and observance by the first defendant of
the terms and conditions of the BAM trading account. The second defendant
further guaranteed to pay the plaintiff on demand in full all moneys which
were due and owing by the first defendant on the BAM trading account. The
second defendant claimed he signed the Guarantee and Indemnity relying on
Joanne’s representation that it was only procedural as part of the
documentation required before clients could start to buy and sell shares under
the BAM trading account.

10 At Joanne’s request, a trading account for Dutanamic (“the Dutanamic
account”) was opened with the plaintiff on or about 21 November 2003. Trades
under the Dutanamic account were carried out between 1 December 2003 and 28
January 2004.

11 Joanne, however, wanted to change the mode of trading by Dutanamic. Under
the rules of the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange (“the KLSE”) applicable to retail
clients, the plaintiff was required to charge Dutanamic a specified brokerage
fee. However, if trading on the Dutanamic account was carried out through
certain institutions like the first defendant, then the specified brokerage
did not apply. Instead, the client could negotiate with the plaintiff on the
amount of brokerage payable. This led to the opening of a sub-account for
Dutanamic (“the Dutanamic sub-account”) under the BAM trading account on 19
January 2004 following the instructions of the first defendant in its letter
dated 1 December 2003, signed by the second defendant. Shortly after the
Dutanamic sub-account was opened, trading on the Dutanamic account ceased.

12 At the same time as the opening of the Dutanamic sub-account, Dutanamic
opened a margin trading account with the plaintiff (“Dutanamic’s margin
account”) for which the plaintiff received a guarantee and indemnity from Chin
dated 14 November 2003 (“Chin’s first guarantee”).

13 All contract notes and monthly statements in relation to trades carried out
under the BAM trading account (including those under the Dutanamic sub-
account) were sent to the first defendant’s address in Singapore at 100 Beach
Road #22-19A, Shaw Tower, Singapore 189702. This was acknowledged by the
second defendant in his affidavit[note: 1] filed in support of the
application.

14 The second defendant, however, claimed that the purpose of sending monthly
statements of the BAM trading account to the first defendant was only to
determine the rebates payable by Joanne to the first defendant. Indeed,
rebates (totalling RM2,209,200.48) were paid by the plaintiff to the first
defendant, of which RM1,504,157.58 was in respect of the BAM trading account.
According to the affidavit of George (filed on 18 November 2005 to resist the
application), the second defendant would contact the plaintiff’s finance
department at the beginning of every month and request a list of handling
charges from its staff. The plaintiff’s staff would fax to the second
defendant a document called “brokerage performance report download” which set
out all the relevant details under the BAM trading account for the previous
month and pay the first defendant accordingly. Payment would be made in
accordance with the standing instructions given by the first defendant.

15 The second defendant contended that in relation to the Dutanamic sub-
account, neither he nor the first defendant gave the plaintiff any
instructions on trades or placed any orders for trading. Further, he never
paid for any of the trades under the Dutanamic sub-account; it was a matter
between the plaintiff and Dutanamic.

16 Besides Dutanamic, at least six other sub-accounts were opened under the
BAM trading account on the instructions of the second defendant to the
plaintiff. The contracts and monthly statements of these sub-accounts were
also sent to the first defendant’s Singapore address. Trades under these other
sub-accounts were not the subject of complaint by the defendants.

17 On 24 March 2005, Chin provided a second guarantee (“Chin’s second
guarantee”) to the plaintiff in relation to the Dutanamic sub-account. The
plaintiff wanted to reduce its exposure and wind down its trading on
Fountainview shares but Joanne repeatedly requested the plaintiff to delay its
decision. The plaintiff agreed to allow trading in Fountainview shares to
continue, provided additional security was furnished; hence the need for
Chin’s second guarantee. This was a prudent step as the price of Fountainview
shares fell from RM4.88 to RM0.87 (a drop of 82%) in four trading days between
28 April 2005 and 4 May 2005. From a high of RM5.15 on 26 October 2004, the
share price fell to RM0.32 on 10 November 2005.

18 Not unexpectedly, the volatility in the price of Fountainview shares caused
substantial losses to be incurred on the Dutanamic sub-account. According to
George, several meetings were held with the second defendant where he pressed
for a settlement proposal of the sums owed on the Dutanamic sub-account.

19 On 9 May 2005, the plaintiff wrote to the first defendant to advise that it
owed RM6,551,683.26 (“the outstanding sum”) as at 8 May 2005 for outstanding
purchases, contra losses and interest charges on the Dutanamic sub-account,
and demanded payment within seven days. Notice was also given that further
interest at 12% per annum would be charged on the outstanding sum until full
payment was received by the plaintiff.

20 In its reply (signed by the second defendant as its Chief Executive
Officer) to the plaintiff dated 12 May 2005, the first defendant stated:

[P]lease be informed that we are in discussion with our client to resolve the
matter and shall advise you in due course.

Meanwhile, if it is appropriate, please transfer all assets held in the sub-
account for Dutanamic Sdn Bhd to the client’s own account with you with
immediate effect.

21 When nothing concrete materialised from the first defendant’s above letter,
George told the second defendant at a meeting on 15 June 2005 that the
plaintiff would have no option but to sue the first and second defendants
under the BAM trading account and the Guarantee and Indemnity respectively.
This produced an immediate response from the first defendant by its letter on
the same day (signed again by the second defendant) which said:

**RE: SUB-ACCOUNT FOR DUTANAMIC SDN BHD**

Further to our meeting today, this is to advise that we will settle the contra
losses of the above sub-account according to the following schedule:

By 31 August 2005 RM 800,000

By 30 November 2005 RM2,800,000

By 31 March 2006 RM3,018,343

This schedule will be superceded [_sic_] by any settlement of my client
directly with your company.

22 In his first affidavit filed in support of the application, the second
defendant alleged[note: 2] that George threatened to sue him and the first
defendant unless he provided George with a letter stating he would settle all
amounts claimed by the plaintiff.

23 The instalments proposed by the first defendant were never made. Letters of
demand were addressed to both defendants by the plaintiff’s solicitors on 14
June 2005. It drew a reply on 21 June 2005 from the defendants’ solicitors
which said, _inter alia_ :

We have our clients’ instructions that they are in contact with your clients
currently and are in the process of working out an amicable and suitable
resolution of this matter.

Meanwhile, we would appreciate it if you could hold your hands in this matter
pending further instructions from our clients.

24 The plaintiff did not hold its hand. Instead, on 11 July 2005, the
plaintiff commenced this suit against both defendants claiming the outstanding
sum. On 9 August 2005, the plaintiff separately instituted proceedings against
Chin for a similar claim in the Kuala Lumpur High Court, based on Chin’s
second guarantee.

**The chronology of events in these proceedings**

25 The writ of summons was served on the first defendant’s registered office
on 26 July 2005. No appearance was entered to the writ, and on 5 August 2005,
judgment under O 13 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) was entered against the first defendant in the principal sum of
RM6,614,039.92 with interest and costs on an indemnity basis.

26 Service of the writ on the second defendant was effected by substituted
service on 29 August 2005, pursuant to an order of court for substituted
service obtained on 19 August 2005.

27 The second defendant entered an appearance to the writ on 2 September 2005.
Pursuant to O 18 r 2 of the Rules, he was required to file his defence by 19
September 2005.

28 On 12 September 2005, counsel for the plaintiff and for the second
defendant attended a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) before the Assistant
Registrar Daphne Hong (“AR Hong”). What transpired before AR Hong was
disputed.

29 After the PTC, counsel for the second defendant wrote to the plaintiff’s
solicitors to say that AR Hong had directed that his client’s defence be filed
by 26 September 2005, thereby effectively granting an extension of seven days
from the expiry date of 19 September 2005. On 13 September 2005, the
plaintiff’s solicitors refuted the claim and reiterated that the defence was
due on 19 September 2005 and offered to write (and did write) to court for
clarification.

30 On 19 September 2005, the second defendant’s solicitors filed an
application in Summons in Chambers No 4803 of 2005 (“the extension
application”) seeking an extension of time until 10 October 2005 to file an
application for a stay of proceedings and an extension of time until 15
November 2005 to file his defence. The extension application was fixed for
hearing on 3 October 2005.

31 On 20 September 2005, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the second
defendant’s solicitors giving them the requisite 48 hours’ notice under r
70(1) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000
Rev Ed) to file the second defendant’s defence.

32 On 21 September 2005, the parties attended before the duty registrar where
the second defendant’s solicitor sought an urgent hearing date for the
extension application. The duty registrar fixed the hearing on 28 September
2005. The second defendant’s solicitor also applied orally for an interim
injunction to restrain the plaintiff from entering default judgment against
his client; the application was denied.

33 On 27 September 2005, the plaintiff applied and obtained default judgment
against the second defendant under O 19 of the Rules.

34 On 28 September 2005, at the hearing of the extension application, the
second defendant was granted an extension by Assistant Registrar (“AR Low”)
until noon of 30 September 2005 to file the Application. This was followed
immediately by a request from the second defendant’s solicitors to the
plaintiff’s solicitors for further time until 3 October 2005 in which to make
the Application. The plaintiff’s solicitors agreed.

35 On 29 September 2005, the second defendant’s solicitors wrote to the
plaintiff’s solicitors again to request a further extension of time until 7
October 2005 to make the Application. The reason given was that the solicitors
were unable to obtain the relevant information and documents from Malaysia in
time for the filing of the same. The request was rejected.

36 The second defendant’s solicitors then applied to AR Low for further
arguments in respect of the extension application; the request was denied.

37 The Application was filed on 3 October 2005. On 4 October 2005, the second
defendant’s solicitors wrote to court and reiterated that AR Hong had granted
their client an extension of time until 26 September 2005 to file his defence.

38 On 10 October 2005, the parties appeared at a PTC before AR Hong. She
confirmed she had not made any direction extending time under the Rules for
the second defendant to file his defence.

39 The Application was heard on 7 and 13 December 2005 by AR Low. She
dismissed the prayers for setting aside of the judgments in default of
appearance and in default of defence against the first and second defendants
respectively. Neither did she grant the prayers for stay of proceedings or
stay of execution on the judgments; hence the appeal.

**The Appeal**

40 I dismissed the Appeal and affirmed the decision of AR Low below because
the arguments raised on the defendants’ behalf and the facts set out in the
second defendant’s affidavit did not warrant the exercise of the court’s
decision either to set aside the default judgments, or to stay the
proceedings, or to stay execution on the judgments.

41 I shall now set out my reasons in relation to the various issues canvassed
at the Appeal. For this purpose, I had considered George’s affidavit, the
second defendant’s many affidavits, the two affidavits filed by his solicitor,
Vincent John (“John”), and that filed by Chin in support of the defendants.

**_The setting aside of the judgments_**

42 Neither defendant contended that the judgment obtained against the first
defendant was irregular. As was held by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J recently in
_Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 168 (at [26] applying the Court
of Appeal decision in _Abdul Gaffer v Chua Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484), to
set aside a judgment regularly obtained, the burden is on the defendant to
satisfy the court that it has a defence on the merits which has a real
prospect of success and carries some degree of conviction. The burden was
therefore on the first defendant to set aside the plaintiff’s judgment dated 5
August 2005.

43 The second defendant had asserted that the judgment in default of defence
obtained against him on 27 September 2005 was procedurally irregular. In
regard to the factual matrix, I am prepared to accept the contention of
counsel for the second defendant – that it was counsel for the plaintiff who
mistakenly informed AR Hong on 12 September 2005 that the defence was due on
26 September 2005 instead of on 19 September 2005. However, I noted that
counsel for the plaintiff corrected his mistake and did advise the second
defendant’s solicitors on 13 September 2005 that the deadline for filing of
the defence was 19 September 2005.

44 The giving of the requisite 48 hours’ notice on 20 September 2005 under r
70(1) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules by the plaintiff’s
solicitors was in keeping with its stand that the defence was due on 19, and
not 26, September 2005. Consequently, the second defendant’s solicitors cannot
complain they were misled by the mistake in deadline made by the plaintiff’s
solicitors. It was unfortunate that AR Hong’s confirmation that she had not
granted an extension was only made known on 10 October 2005, well after the
event.

45 What is more relevant is whether the plaintiff was precluded from applying
for the default judgment because its solicitors were aware that the second
defendant intended to apply for a stay of proceedings. It was argued by
counsel for the second defendant that the plaintiff was indeed so precluded,
relying on _Yeoh Poh San v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 91 (“ _Yeoh_ ’s case”)
and _Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 (“
_Samsung_ ’s case”).

46 It was my view that _Yeoh_ ’s case had no application at all as can be seen
from the following extract from the judgment (at [27]):

[T]here is prejudice to the defendant. The point is that _while a defendant is
seeking to stay the proceedings,_ _whether by way of original application or
an appeal_ , the defendant should not be required to meet the plaintiff’s
claim on the merits. [emphasis added]

47 There was no application pending, let alone an appeal pending, at the time
the plaintiff notified the second defendant’s solicitors that the defence was
due on 19 September 2005. Counsel for the plaintiff had rightly pointed out
that if the second defendant’s argument was accepted, all that a defendant has
to do to gain extra time for the filing of his defence is to say that he
intends to apply for a stay of proceedings – that is clearly insufficient.

48 My view was reinforced by _Samsung_ ’s case where the Court of Appeal held
(at [24]) that while a stay application _is pending_ , no O 14 application
should be made.

49 I would add that the second defendant’s solicitors were well aware on 13
September 2005 that the defence was due six days thence. Yet they took no
steps until after close of business (at 6.54pm), on 19 September 2005 itself,
to file the extension application, by which time the defence should have been
filed. No reasons or explanations were offered for the delay save for para 14
of John’s second affidavit (filed on 3 October 2005) where he deposed:

On 19 September 2005, as I did not have sufficient documents to file the
application to set aside the Judgment in default entered against the [first
defendant] and the stay of proceedings application, I filed an application for
an extension of time to file the application for stay of proceedings by 10
October 2005 and the 2nd Defendant’s Defence by 15 November 2005. I indicated
15 November 2005 for the filing of the Defence so that there is ample time to
obtain an urgent date for the application for the stay of proceedings to be
heard before 15 November 2005.

John did not explain why he took no action between 13 and 19 September 2005
(before close of business hours) nor did he elaborate on why the documents he
had were insufficient. In the plaintiff’s submissions, it was pointed out that
the second defendant did not explain what additional information or documents
he obtained between July 2005 (when the writ was filed) and 3 October 2005
that enabled him to file the Application.

50 Prudence dictates that an application for extension of time should be filed
_before_ the defence is due so that the defendant can take immediate remedial
steps should his application fail. Not surprisingly, the plaintiff’s
solicitors served the 48 hours’ notice on the following day.

51 On 20 September 2005, the second defendant’s solicitors, in serving the
extension application and supporting affidavit on the plaintiff’s solicitors,
had written as follows:

Pending the reply of the Court to your recent written request for
clarification on the due date of the 2nd Defendant’s Defence, we have, on our
client’s instructions, filed his application for extensions of time to file
his application for a stay of proceedings and to file his Defence. …

Please revert on an urgent basis with your clients’ position on the said
application and let us know if you want us to obtain an urgent date for the
hearing of the said application.

It is telling that the second defendant’s solicitors even had to inquire of
the plaintiff’s solicitors whether an urgent hearing date was warranted when
the need was so obvious.

52 Counsel for the plaintiff was not in Singapore on 20 September 2005. It was
only on the following day that the plaintiff’s solicitors responded to say
that they were not prepared to hold their hands but wished to be heard at the
hearing before the duty registrar for an urgent date for the hearing of the
extension application.

53 When I asked John what he did when he was told the plaintiff’s solicitors
refused to stay their hands, he replied:[note: 3]

I didn’t do anything. I only wrote to Plaintiffs’ solicitors on 20/9/05 to say
I would apply for our clients’ SIC 4803/2005 to be brought forward. I only
knew on 21/9/05 that Plaintiffs’ counsel was overseas and he wanted to be
present when I saw the Duty Registrar, which he did.

54 The chronology of events referred to in [25] to [37] above and elaborated
on in [49] to [51] above clearly showed that the second defendant failed to
provide any extenuating circumstances that warranted the court’s exercise of
its discretion to set aside the judgment even if it could be said (which I do
not agree) that the plaintiff’s solicitors had failed to act properly.
Consequently, I turn to consider whether the defendants had raised an arguable
defence on the merits.

55 I had in [20] to [21] above referred to the two letters dated 12 May 2005
and 15 June 2005 written to the plaintiff by the first defendant and signed by
the second defendant. The second defendant attempted to strike out the
reference in the affidavit of George to the two letters and to expunge the
documents from George’s exhibit.[note: 4] His application, on the basis that
the documents were privileged and were written on a “without prejudice” basis,
was dismissed on 7 December 2005 in Summon in Chambers No 6130 of 2005.
Instead, at the same hearing, the plaintiff succeeded in its application
(Summons in Chambers No 6149 of 2005) to strike out from the second
defendant’s affidavit filed on 2 December 2005 paras 26 and 27 where he had
referred to a “without prejudice” letter from the plaintiff dated 15 July
2005.

56 What then did the documents show? First, there was the first defendant’s
letter dated 1 December 2003 addressed to the plaintiff where the second
defendant wrote:

We refer to the agreement between ourselves dated 15 October 2003 (“the
Agreement’).

Pursuant thereto, please be instructed to open and operate the following
additional sub account as stated below:

DUTANAMIC SDN BHD

We declare and agree that the undertakings, terms and conditions as set out in
the Agreement continue to be valid and binding.

57 In his first affidavit, the second defendant deposed that Joanne sent him
some draft “verbiage” to open the sub-account for Dutanamics. She advised him
to send the “verbiage” to her using the first defendant’s letterhead which he
did, by way of the above letter. The second defendant justified his action by
the fact that Chin had executed a letter of guarantee and indemnity releasing
both defendants from all liabilities pertaining to the Dutanamic sub-account.
That was indeed the tenor of Chin’s affidavit.

58 The second defendant’s statement, however, defied belief. He was not a
simpleton or layman but a sophisticated fund manager who, in his own words,
used the first defendant to “manage funds from high net worth individuals and
from qualified corporations and institutions”. I cannot imagine that anyone in
his position would have signed “verbiage” without knowing the implications of
his actions. The instructions contained in the first defendant’s letter dated
1 December 2003 were crystal clear; they were not mere “verbiage”.

59 The second defendant admitted that the first defendant received contract
notes by post from the plaintiff but claimed their purpose was only to enable
him to calculate the rebates payable by the plaintiff to him and Joanne. It
was equally naïve of the second defendant to expect the court to believe his
explanation. The rebates ran into millions of ringgit, according to George.
Surely the consideration for such fees must be the risks both defendants
undertook in assuming responsibility for the Dutanamic sub-account under the
BAM trading account.

60 It was all very well for the second defendant to allege that Joanne made
various representations to him which led him to believe there was no risk to
himself personally when he signed the Guarantee and Indemnity. That was a
matter between him and Joanne and/or Chin; it did not concern the plaintiff
for whom Joanne did not work. The plaintiff could not be liable for Joanne’s
actions. It was pertinent to note that there was no reference to Chin in the
Guarantee and Indemnity. If an experienced fund manager like the second
defendant was foolish enough to sign the Guarantee and Indemnity thinking it
was only procedural and for convenience, he did not deserve the court’s
sympathy. Guarantees and indemnities are common commercial documents that
would not be unfamiliar to someone in the second defendant’s occupation. I
found it hard to believe his claim that he did not expect the plaintiff to
rely on such documents.

61 Even if I am wrong on the enforceability of the Guarantee and Indemnity and
that Chin’s first and second guarantees did absolve the defendants from
liability, the first defendant’s two letters to the plaintiff dated 12 May
2005 and 15 June 2005 (see [55] above) are telling, since they implicitly
acknowledged liability. There was neither protest that the first defendant was
only an agent for Chin nor any disclaimer of liability from either defendant.

62 The second defendant sought to explain away the letter dated 15 June 2005
(see [21] above) by alleging that he received a threat from George that unless
he came up with a settlement proposal, the defendants would be sued. Even if
that were true (George’s version was different), the law is clear. It is
reflected in the following extract from _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1 (Sweet &
Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 7-041:

**Threat to institute legal proceedings**. Since recourse to law is the remedy
for redress provided by the law itself, it is obvious that prima facie a
threat to enforce one’s legal rights by instituting civil proceedings cannot
be an unlawful or wrongful threat.

**_The stay application_**

63  The defendants had contended that Malaysia was the more appropriate forum
for the plaintiff’s claim. In the absence of any exclusive jurisdiction clause
in the terms and conditions governing the BAM trading account, the first
defendant’s application for a stay can only be based on the doctrine of _forum
non conveniens_.

64 The defendants contended that Malaysia was the proper forum because the
plaintiff is a Malaysian entity, the debt was owed in Malaysian ringgit, the
shares traded were Malaysian shares quoted on the KLSE whilst Chin is a
Malaysian whose passport, having been impounded by the Malaysian authorities
(after he was charged with manipulating Fountainview shares), meant he could
not come to Singapore to testify. Joanne was also a crucial witness and her
passport was similarly impounded. Counsel cited _The Rainbow Joy_ [2005] 3 SLR
719 and _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR 494 to support the
defendants’ arguments.

65 The plaintiff, on the other hand, asserted that Singapore was the more
appropriate forum because the first defendant is a Singapore company with
neither assets nor presence in Malaysia. Any judgment obtained against both
defendants would have to be enforced in Singapore.

66 The test for _forum non conveniens_ was spelt out by Lord Goff of Chieveley
in the House of Lords in _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987]
AC 460 and approved and adopted by the Court of Appeal in _Brinkerhoff
Maritime Drilling Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776.

67 Lord Goff had held (at 476):

The basic principle is that a stay will only be granted on the ground of forum
non conveniens where the court is satisfied that there is some other available
forum, having competent jurisdiction, which is the appropriate forum for the
trial of the action, i.e. in which the case may be tried more suitably for the
interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.

… in general the burden of proof rests on the defendant to persuade the court
to exercise its discretion to grant a stay … Furthermore, if the court is
satisfied that there is another available forum which is prima facie the
appropriate forum for the trial of the action, the burden will then shift to
the plaintiff to show that there are special circumstances by reason of which
justice requires that the trial should nevertheless take place in this country
…

68 As the first defendant had failed to discharge the burden of raising an
arguable defence which warranted the setting aside of the default judgment
properly obtained by the plaintiff, there was no necessity to even consider
the test propounded by Lord Goff.

69 In the case of the second defendant, there was indeed an exclusive
jurisdiction clause under the Guarantee and Indemnity. Clause 12 therein
states:

This Guarantee and Indemnity shall be governed and construed in all respects
in accordance with the laws of Malaysia and the parties hereto submit to the
jurisdiction of the Courts of Malaysia in all matters connected with or
arising under this Guarantee and Indemnity.

70 The plaintiff submitted, however, that notwithstanding cl 12, there were
good grounds for allowing the present proceedings to continue in Singapore.
These were:

(a) the defendants had no arguable defence to the plaintiff’s claims;

(b) although Malaysian law applied to the Guarantee and Indemnity, the
defendants had not argued that it differed from Singapore law in any material
respect;

(c) neither defendant had any assets in or connection with Malaysia; and

(d) if, as the defendants claimed, they did not have any (or most) of the
relevant information or documents in Malaysia, the cost of producing such
documents to the Singapore courts would be borne by the plaintiff; the
defendants would suffer no prejudice.

I have already dealt with ground (a) at [55] to [60] above whilst ground (c)
was not challenged by the defendants.

71 The second defendant had exhibited to his third affidavit[note: 5] a legal
opinion dated 1 December 2005 (“the legal opinion”) by a Malaysian lawyer from
the firm of M/s Vinod Kamalanathan & Associates (“the law firm”) to support
his contention that Malaysian law applied. Prior thereto, the second defendant
had, in his second affidavit filed on 5 December 2005, paraphrased the legal
opinion of the law firm. This was objected to by counsel for the plaintiff
before AR Low on 7 December 2005, as a result of which the legal opinion was
exhibited in the second defendant’s third affidavit filed on 9 December 2005.

72 Counsel for the defendants argued that in the absence of a contrary opinion
from the plaintiff, the views expressed in the legal opinion must be deemed to
be unchallenged.

73 Counsel for the plaintiff disagreed. He pointed out that to prove that a
particular foreign law was different from Singapore law, the burden was on the
defendants to prove it by an expert. The law firm’s legal opinion did not
suffice.

74 Having reviewed the legal opinion, I agreed with the plaintiff’s
objections. The law firm did not set out its brief. It merely referred to a
meeting which two lawyers in the law firm had with the second defendant and
his Singapore counsel. No information was provided on the _curriculum vitae_
or qualifications of the author of the legal opinion. The legal opinion
contained various sub-headings (fraud, misrepresentation, breach of KLSE
rules) that were apparently extracted from the affidavits of the second
defendant and/or of Chin and many suppositions. Above all (as was rightly
pointed out by counsel for the plaintiff), there was no mention of the issue
of agency, which was central to the second defendant’s defence.

75 Consequently, I disregarded the legal opinion of the law firm. In the
absence of a proper legal opinion from an expert in Malaysian law, I was
entitled to and did assume that the law on guarantees and indemnities in
Malaysia was no different from Singapore law.

**_The defence of agency_**

76 Another prong of attack by the second defendant centred on his claim that
he was a mere agent of Chin. The difficulty with this defence was that the
first and second defendants could not produce any documentation which even
suggested that the plaintiff accepted they were acting for Chin in the
Dutanamic sub-account.

77 In the course of arguments, counsel for the defendants conceded that the
plaintiff could sue either the undisclosed principal (Chin) or the named
agent, _viz_ the first defendant. This is clearly stated in _Boustead and
Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2001) at para 9-012:

**Undisclosed principal**. Where the principal is undisclosed at the time of
contracting, the contract is made with the agent, and he is personally liable
and entitled on it. The principal also may intervene to sue, and may be sued,
but the latter only subject to the general rule that nothing must prejudice
the right of the third party to sue the agent if he so wishes.

78 Counsel then pointed to para 14 of Chin’s affidavit to say that the dispute
on the facts called for further investigations and therefore a trial.
Paragraph 14 of Chin’s affidavit states:

At all material times, the Plaintiffs are and were aware of the following
material facts:-

(a) The 1st and 2nd Defendants were only involved in the opening of the
Trading Account [the Dutanamic sub-account];

(b) Pursuant to an agreement between the Plaintiffs and me, the Plaintiffs
agreed not to get the 1st and 2nd Defendants involved in the matter and not to
bring any claims against the 1st and 2nd Defendants under the Agreement or
Guarantee and in any circumstances based on the guarantee that I had given.

79 Chin’s second guarantee was the basis for Chin’s contention that the
plaintiff had agreed to release the defendants from liability. However, this
was not borne out by the wording of Chin’s second guarantee. There was no
reference therein to releasing either defendant from liability under the
Dutanamic sub-account. In so far as Chin’s first guarantee was concerned, that
was given to secure liabilities under Dutanamic’s margin account (see [12]
above) and had no relevance to the BAM trading account.

80 The defendants’ argument that Chin’s second guarantee released them from
liability also overlooked an important fact – Chin’s second guarantee was
dated 24 March 2005. Therefore, even if their contention that the document
discharged them from liability is correct, the release would arguably relate
to liabilities incurred on the Dutanamic sub-account _after_ that date, not
for losses incurred prior to 24 March 2005. The issue of past consideration
would have to be addressed.

81 Moreover, both Chin’s second guarantee and the Guarantee and Indemnity
contained cl 9 which states:

The Guarantor(s) hereby jointly and severally further agree, undertake and
covenant with KL City [the plaintiff] that:

(a) after the moneys hereby guaranteed have been demanded from the
Guarantor(s) it shall be lawful for KL City at any time to continue to allow
the use by the Client of any existing account or accounts or to open any new
account or accounts with the Client and no money thereafter paid into such
account or accounts shall be appropriated in discharge of any moneys hereby
guaranteed unless expressly directed by the person paying to be so
appropriated;

(b) all sums payable by the Guarantor(s) under this Guarantee and Indemnity
shall be paid in full without set-off or counter-claim condition or
qualification of any nature whatsoever;

(c) any written statement from KL City as to the amount due and owing by the
Client shall be accepted by the Guarantor(s) as conclusive evidence that the
amount thereby appearing is due from the client to KL City and payable on
demand to KL City by the Guarantor(s);

…

82 Clause 9(a) gave the plaintiff the discretion to allow trading on the
Dutanamic sub-account to continue despite the accumulated losses whilst sub-
clause (c) effectively put paid to the complaint of the second defendant and
to his counsel’s argument, that the defendants and Chin did not know how the
plaintiff arrived at the outstanding sum. Under cl 9, the plaintiff could
choose to (a) sue the first defendant, (b) sue the second defendant on the
Guarantee and Indemnity, (c) sue Chin on Chin’s second guarantee, or (d) sue
all three parties jointly and severally.

**Conclusion**

83 Notwithstanding the many arguments raised on their behalf, it was clear to
me that the defendants had raised no arguable defence on the merits which
warranted that the default judgments obtained against them by the plaintiff be
set aside. It served no purpose therefore to stay the proceedings against
them. As such, I dismissed the Appeal with costs.

  

* * *

[note: 1] At para 56.

[note: 2] At para 59.

[note: 3] At p 12 of the notes of arguments.

[note: 4] RG-8.

[note: 5] In THLR-18 filed on 9 December 2005.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

