Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG  
[2006] SGHC 18

Case Number | : | BOC 180/2004, 186/2004, 195/2004, 204/2004, 208/2004, SIC 4019/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harish Kumar (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the respondent; Applicant in person   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — UBS AG   
  
Constitutional Law – Natural justice – Bias – Whether the costs order made
against the plaintiff raised issues of the judge's fairness and impartiality  
  
Constitutional Law – Natural justice – Bias – Whether the judge's actions at
trial gave rise to a reasonable suspicion of personal animosity to the extent
that there was a real danger of apparent bias  
  

1 February 2006

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff in these proceedings, Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“the plaintiff”),
had sued the defendant, UBS AG (“the bank”). The case came on before me at the
first instance, when I dismissed the claim. When it went on appeal to the
Court of Appeal, it met with the same result.

2 In the action before me, the plaintiff had appointed the law firm, Engelin
Teh & Partners, to act for him. When the firm was converted into the law
corporation Engelin Teh Practice LLC, the latter continued to act for him.

3 After the dismissal of the action, the plaintiff came back before me again
on several matters, including the review of the taxation of five solicitor-
and-client bills drawn up by Engelin Teh Practice LLC.

4 The plaintiff did not want me to review the taxation of those bills, and
applied for me to recuse myself. When I declined to do that, he filed an
appeal to the Court of Appeal against my decision.

5 In support of his application, the plaintiff deposed an affidavit on 29 July
2005 which was filed on 5 August 2005. In this affidavit, he listed two
grounds of “apparent bias and/or actual bias”:

(a) “Interruptions and Judicial Remarks re Thomas Sim …”; and

(b) “Unusual Costs Orders”.

6 Thomas Sim (“Mr Sim”) was a member of Engelin Teh & Partners and
subsequently Engelin Teh Practice LLC who was involved in drafting the
plaintiff’s Statement of Claim against the bank. His name came up when the
plaintiff was cross-examined by the counsel for the bank on inconsistencies
between his pleaded case and his evidence. The plaintiff’s response was to put
the responsibility on Mr Sim. He claimed that the inconsistent parts of the
Statement of Claim had been drafted by Mr Sim without his instructions, and
were not amended despite his specific instructions to have them amended.

7 Mr Sim was not listed as a witness at the trial. Even after his name came
up, the plaintiff did not want to call him as a witness and was not prepared
to waive solicitor-and-client privilege to enable him to give evidence on the
preparation of the Statement of Claim.

8 I was concerned that allegations against the professional conduct of Mr Sim
were made without giving him an opportunity to present his side of the events,
and that I had to decide on the plaintiff’s allegations without hearing Mr
Sim. The matter was discussed between counsel and myself and the upshot of
that was that the plaintiff decided to call Mr Sim as a witness, and waived
solicitor-and-client privilege.

9 The plaintiff set out in his affidavit extracts of the notes of evidence
which he relied on as evidence of bias. I reproduce these extracts without the
emphases added by him:

P1570 Verbatim Notes of Evidence

ASKW: No, Sir. My case is that it was done on the advice and the words
“without my knowledge or consent” were the words of my pleader whom I assume
at the material time knew what he was doing because had he known what he was
doing, namely, to look at all the documents, he would not have used the words
“without my knowledge or consent”.

Court: All these I take to refer to Mr Thomas Sim?

ASKW: Yes.

Court: You know, actually, it’s very strange. You are saying that he is really
quite a shockingly incompetent lawyer; he’s stood the case on his head; he has
drafted something to you and all this is being said almost on a daily hourly
basis and it doesn’t bother any … I assume it does not bother everyone of us
that Mr Sim has not even been accorded the courtesy of [being] told in a
letter that “This is being said, would you like to respond?”, if nothing else,
by way of letter.

Mr Singh: Your Honour …

Court: I mean ... (To Mr Davinder) Hold on. It actually disturbs me a little.

Mr Lim: Well, I mean, this …

Court: Quite aside from the fact that it also disturbs me that I am supposed
to have to make a decision on this when daily, the accusations are repeated,
privilege is claimed and nothing is being done, I mean, as far as I can tell.

At page 3744:

His Honour: Why did you say “obviously picked up”? Until we hear Mr Sim, we
wouldn’t know.

Mr Lim: Yah, of course.

His Honour: That is what Mr Wee says, that he didn’t say that. Until we hear
Mr Sim, we don’t know whether there is confusion. You are right, you know, Mr
Lim, there may well be confusion but we cannot assume without hearing anybody
that there is confusion just because Mr Wee says so.

At page 3752:

Mr Lim: I think at this stage whether it is long one month or not is the fact
that it had been done on one month, right?

His Honour: Look, the whole issue is going to turn on who is long on tales and
who is short on credibility. This is so critical in this case, his “I didn’t
know, I didn’t know, I didn’t know what is a forward, I didn’t know what is a
spot and I didn’t know this and that”. Surely, this is of some relevance.

Mr Lim: Yes. In some reference in terms of credibility whether what he knew or
not, your Honour, but …

His Honour: Yah, that’s right.

Mr Lim: … in relation to this particular pleading …

His Honour: Look, which is going to be relevant because if Mr Sim comes and
say “truly, he didn’t tell me. Truly, I took it on myself looking at the
documents and I put this in and he approved it. But actually the input was
from me”. Fine. But if Mr Sim were to come and say “he told me this and the
Pleadings reflected what he told me” then of course it puts a different slant
to the facts. And again, you know, it’s one of those things until he comes, we
don’t know, OK? We cannot be reading this …

Mr Lim: No, of course, not.

His Honour: … and resolving it on the basis of what the Plaintiff says. Of
course if the Defendant accepts each of the Plaintiff’s explanation, then they
wouldn’t be making this application in the first place. What they are saying
is “let’s check this against Mr Sim”. I mean, Mr Sim may well come in Court
and state events similar to what Mr Wee had said. We don’t know.

[“ASKW” is the plaintiff; “Mr Singh” is Mr Davinder Singh SC, counsel for the
bank; “Mr Lim” is Mr Lim Chor Pee, counsel for the plaintiff.]

10 In his written Submissions, the plaintiff contended that:

16\. The excessive interventions captured in the verbatim notes of evidence
has given rise to a reasonable suspicion of a personal animosity to the extent
that there exists a real danger of apparent bias resulting in a fair and
balanced judgment not being possible.

17\. In the present case, it is not necessary to look beyond the court’s
Verbatim Notes of Evidence in Suit No. 834 of 2001/R. The evidence disclosed
were such that any reasonable person reading them will give rise to a real
danger or possibility of bias in the following respects:

…

11 I do not understand how the plaintiff read into the notes, evidence of
apparent or real bias. His credibility was called into question because of the
inconsistency between his evidence and his pleaded case. His response was that
it was caused by Mr Sim. I was trying to get a clearer picture of the
situation.

12 I said that if Mr Sim was to confirm that he drafted the Statement of Claim
on his own, that would support the plaintiff’s explanation, but if Mr Sim was
to say that the Statement of Claim was drafted on the plaintiff’s
instructions, that would put a different slant on the matter.

13 The plaintiff has no basis for complaining that “calling Thomas Sim to
testify against me has destroyed all hopes for a fair and impartial trial”. He
was not called with the purpose of giving evidence against the plaintiff. The
plaintiff set out in his Submissions without demurral my views in my Grounds
of Decision ([2003] SGHC 305 at [47]) that:

Mr Sim’s attendance in court was necessary. First, it could provide a better
basis for assessing the plaintiff’s contention that the inconsistencies should
not be taken against him. Secondly, it was not right for allegations to be
made of a solicitor’s competence at drafting and his refusal to carry out a
client’s instructions without giving him the opportunity to respond to them.

and he went on to assert that Mr Sim’s evidence vindicated him.

14 On the “Unusual Costs Orders”, the plaintiff deposed that:

20\. As a reward for his attendance in court, I was ordered to pay to his
employer, Engelin Teh Practice LLC (and not to Thomas Sim personally) as a
witness of fact called by the redoubtable Davinder Singh SC with the view to
testify against me.

21 I fear that the costs order coupled to the manner by which Thomas Sim was
called to testify against me make it impossible for me to receive a fair and
impartial hearing of the review of BC 180, 186, 195, 204 & 205 of 2004.

15 Again, I cannot understand how the order can give rise to questions of
fairness and impartiality. As I had explained in my Grounds of Decision ([13]
_supra_ at [48]–[50]:

When Mr Sim attended court, he had prepared a statement and a voluminous set
of documents to respond to the allegation. A bill for costs for the attendance
was also produced.

Counsel for both parties accept that costs are payable. The plaintiff’s
solicitors contended that it should follow the event (which I take to mean the
losing party should pay the costs), or be borne by the defendant, while the
defendant’s solicitors argued that it should be paid by the plaintiff in any
event.

It was proper and reasonable for Mr Sim to respond and to attend court. In the
present case the costs should not be borne by either the plaintiff or the
defendant in any event. They should follow the result in that the losing party
shall pay them. These costs are to be borne by the plaintiff.

16 The plaintiff did not raise bias as a ground in his appeal before the Court
of Appeal. I found that the complaints of bias made before me were without
basis, and that there was no cause for me to recuse myself from the review of
the taxation of the five bills.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

