Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Ang Thian Soo  
[2006] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | Suit 556/2004, RA 254/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hri Kumar and Wilson Wong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Oommen Mathew (Haq & Selvam) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd — Ang Thian Soo   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Defendant seeking leave to defend claim
by plaintiff – Plaintiff granted summary judgment in separate proceedings
against company – Defendant director of and guarantor for company –
Proceedings against company closely related to proceedings against defendant –
Whether defendant having separate and independent defence to plaintiff's claim
from that of company – Whether such defence having likelihood of success –
Whether conditional leave to defend should be granted  
  

15 August 2006

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was a claim by the plaintiff for $34,668,133.72 against the defendant
on a contract of guarantee dated 4 August 1998 (“the guarantee”) in favour of
the Bank of Singapore Limited (“BOS”), but the amount was subsequently
adjudged to be $29,906,748.68. The plaintiff became the successor-in-title of
BOS. The guarantee was executed to secure a loan by BOS to Infocommcentre Pte
Ltd (“the company”). The terms of offer can be found in the plaintiff’s letter
of offer dated 13 February 1998. The defendant was at all material times the
director of the company and was managing its affairs.

2 The plaintiff commenced separate proceedings in Originating Summons No 456
of 2004 (“OS 456/2004”) against the company. In those proceedings the
plaintiff obtained summary judgment against the company. On appeal in
Registrar’s Appeal No 179 of 2004, V K Rajah J ordered that the defendant in
the present suit be cross-examined in the appeal of the summary judgment in OS
456/2004. Ultimately, the company’s appeal was dismissed. Its appeal to the
Court of Appeal was also dismissed on 21 November 2005.

3 There was no dispute as to the terms of the guarantee itself. In so far as
the verdicts of the High Court and the Court of Appeal in the OS 456/2004
against the company was concerned, it would be futile to dispute them. Mr Hri
Kumar, counsel for the plaintiff in the present proceedings, submitted that
the action against the defendant would be based on the facts alleged and found
in OS 456/2004. What counsel meant was that the historical facts leading to
the execution of the guarantee cannot now be denied or challenged in the light
of OS 456/2004. Furthermore, he submitted that so far as the defendant was
concerned, the court in OS 456/2004 found that he was not only the alter ego
of the company, but was also an unreliable witness.

4 Mr Oommen Mathew, counsel for the defendant, submitted that a judgment
against a principal does not bind the guarantor. He relied on _Ex parte Young,
In re Kitchin_ (1881) 17 Ch D 668. As a general proposition I think that that
would be good law and the creditor has to prove his case against the
guarantor. In such cases, in the absence of any genuine defence, the creditor
could obtain summary judgment against the guarantor on proof of the contract
of guarantee alone. Mr Mathew thus submitted that the present case involved
complicated facts that raised issues that require trial. It would be necessary
to trace at least the broad outlines of the history of the guarantee to
appreciate the issues raised by counsel.

5 In 1995, BOS granted a short-term loan of US$17m to the company which had
intended to use it for the purposes of developing a piece of land at Tagore
Avenue. However, there was no progress in respect of the development, and it
appeared that BOS restructured the initial short-term loan into a Singapore-
dollar overdraft facility in 1998 with the intention of giving further
assistance to the company. The parties entered into a complex agreement
evidenced in a letter of release dated 18 February 1998. It was argued on
behalf of the defendant that in the absence of this crucial letter the company
was compelled to accept the plaintiff’s letters of offer in 2002 and 2003 (the
plaintiff took over the rights and assets of BOS in October 2000). In the
interim, the defendant subsequently signed the guarantee on 4 August 1998. It
appeared that BOS was unable to explain or show what agreement it had
concluded with the defendant. The company had misplaced its copy of the 18
February 1998 letter. The company’s defence that the company was misled into
accepting the plaintiff’s letters of offer of 2002 and 2003 depended largely
on its interpretation that BOS had promised to let it have 40,000 sq ft of
saleable area in the project for which the facilities were given. It said that
the failure to honour that promise caused, among other things, its main
contractor to withdraw from the project. The plaintiff subsequently found the
18 February 1998 letter and produced it at the hearing before Rajah J. The
implications of that letter were argued before Rajah J who rejected all the
arguments of the company and found that the compromise agreements of 2002 and
2003 were valid. The company’s appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed.
This aspect of the case that was common to the company and the defendant had
been taken as far as it could in the courts, and is exhausted.

6 Reverting to Mr Mathew’s arguments on behalf of the defendant that he had in
law a right to a separate defence as a guarantor, and that although Rajah J
had found him an unreliable witness, another judge was entitled to take a
different view. Counsel realised that the defendant would only be entitled
leave to defend if he could persuade me that his defence was independent of
that of the company. A contract of guarantee is a separate and independent
contract from the principal contract and thus may have defences that might not
be available or applicable to the principal contractor. Misrepresentation is a
ready example. The guarantor might have been misled into providing a guarantee
to the principal debtor even though the principal debtor may himself not be
misled in any way. In the present case, the misrepresentation issues had been
dealt with by Rajah J and the Court of Appeal. I do not think that there was
any remaining issue of misrepresentation in this appeal before me that was not
common with those dealt with by Rajah J.

7 The contention that the guarantee became effective only when $34m had been
disbursed may be an issue not previously dealt with, but in my view, it ought
to have been. I do not think that there was any agreement that the $34m was a
condition precedent to the validity of the guarantee. The relevant clause (cl
2(a)) of the guarantee provided that:

This guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee for the purpose of securing the
whole of the monies and liabilities or ultimate balance in paragraph 1 hereof
mentioned notwithstanding any such payments receipts or dividends as are
hereinafter mentioned provided always that the amount for which [the
defendant] shall be liable under this guarantee shall not exceed
[$34,000,000.00].

None of the conditions precedent averred to in the re-amended defence seemed
to be applicable or relevant. In any event, I am of the view that there was no
longer room to dispute the validity of the letters of offer. If I were to
consider that the defendant had a separate and independent defence as a
guarantor, I cannot ignore the connection between this case and that between
the plaintiff and the company. Counsel is right in saying that another judge
might form a different opinion of the defendant as a witness but I am
entitled, I think, to take Rajah J’s findings into account in determining
whether conditions ought to be imposed in granting leave to defend. In my
view, in so far as the defence was based on the proper interpretation of
agreements outside the clear terms of the documents, especially the guarantee,
the oral testimony of the defendant would be important. Thus, the opinion of
Rajah J is relevant and has to be given due respect until a judge has heard
the defendant (at trial) and decided that he has a case; I would have to
impose conditions before he may proceed with his defence. The question
remaining, therefore, was what conditions ought to be imposed.

8 Ordinarily, where a court has determined that there is an issue that ought
to be tried, but that the defence is a shadowy one, as I find to be the case
here, it means that the court has strong doubts as to the likelihood of a
successful defence. However, that is a circular proposition in that until the
defence has been tested at trial, the court cannot make a final determination
of the merits of that defence. Nonetheless, if the overall circumstances in
law and the available evidence in such a case indicate that the likelihood of
the defence succeeding is very small, the court would require the defendant to
pay the money claimed into court or provide a banker’s guarantee for the
amount claimed. That would be a usual condition to secure the opportunity of
proving that his defence was a valid one after all. In addition to that, the
court may also require him to provide security for costs. The defendant had
stated on affidavit that he was unable to provide security by payment of the
amount claimed; Mr Hri Kumar for the plaintiff submitted that the defendant
had not been forthright in telling the court the true account of his financial
resources. He had not accounted for at least $9m that was paid into his
personal account and that each time he was previously required to make
payment, he was able to do so. The defendant denied all this and averred that
he had given a full account.

9 Weighing the submissions of counsel on both sides, I am of the view that the
defendant ought to make at least a payment of a substantial amount. I accept
that an order for $34m may be too much. In my view, any amount less than $9m
would be inadequate and unfair to the plaintiff. The true extent of the
defendant’s financial resources cannot be established without a full and
proper inquiry. The onus lies with him to establish his means, and he has
stated on oath that he is virtually impecunious. Since the amount involved in
this case is an extremely large one, I was of the view that by ordering the
payment of the full sum as a condition to leave to proceed I would effectively
prevent the defendant from proceeding. Thus, balancing the interests of both
sides, I ordered the defendant to provide security for $9m as part of the sum
claimed, as well as $500,000 as security for costs on an indemnity basis. I
informed Mr Mathew that because I was prepared to order a lower sum for the
security of the sum claimed, I would not reduce the amount for security for
costs estimated by the plaintiff’s counsel unless I was of the view that it
was ostensibly untenable. In the event, I was of the view that the sum of
$500,000 on an indemnity basis was fair.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

