Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Low Geok Khim (administratrix of the estate of Low Kim Tah, deceased) v Low
Geok Bian and Others  
[2006] SGHC 41

Case Number | : | OS 826/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kay Kheng, Sim Bock Eng and Lim Mui Ern Joyce (Wong Partnership) for the plaintiff; Manoj Sandrasegara, Tan Mei Yen, Benjamin Gaw and Tan MingFen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant; Yap Neng Boo Jimmy (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the third defendant; Khoo Kah Lip Michael SC, Low Miew Yin Josephine, Ong Lee Woei and Chiok Beng Piow Andy (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the fourth to 16th defendants   
Parties | : |  Low Geok Khim (administratrix of the estate of Low Kim Tah, deceased) — Low Geok Bian; Low Geok Khim; Low Gim Siah; Low Chay Lin; Low Gim Har; Low Gim Tan @ Low Gin Tin Renna; Low Gim Lay; Low Gim Hong Richard; Low Gim Tee; Low Gim Chiong; Low Gim Pheng; Frey-Low Daisy; Low Chay Ghee; Low Nancy; Low Lina; Low Chye Chim   
  
Banking – Accounts – Joint – Deceased and deceased's son joint holders of bank
accounts – Moneys in bank accounts provided entirely by deceased – Whether
moneys vesting in deceased's son or in deceased's estate upon deceased's death
– Whether deceased intending to open joint accounts at material time  
  
Family Law – Advancement – Presumption – Parent and child jointly holding bank
accounts – Whether presumption of advancement applying such that moneys in
bank accounts amounting to gifts to child from parent – Whether presumption of
advancement  
  

10 March 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 An old man died leaving moneys in seven joint bank accounts, six held
jointly with one of his sons, and another with one of his daughters. He did
not leave any instructions on the disposal of the moneys. The question in this
action is: To whom did the moneys belong after his death?

**The parties**

2 Low Kim Tah (“the deceased”) died intestate on 6 December 1997 at the age of
91. He had six sons and four daughters. Two sons and one daughter died before
him. His children described him as an autocratic person and a man of few
words.

3 The plaintiff, Low Geok Khim, a daughter of the deceased, is the
administratrix of his estate. The first defendant, Low Geok Bian, is his
youngest son. He was the joint holder of six joint banking accounts with the
deceased, _ie_ :

(a) POSB Account No 045-07218-5 opened on 4 March 1983 with $221,207.11 now in
the account;

(b) OCBC Account No 516-054889-001 opened on 25 February 1995 with
$2,004,604.97 now in the account;

(c) OCBC Account No 516-054889-002 opened on 25 February 1995 with
$2,004,604.97 now in the account;

(d) OCBC Account No 516-054889-003 opened on 11 March 1995 with $114,441.89
now in the account;

(e) OCBC Account No 516-054889-004 opened on 19 April 1995 with $114,072.52
now in the account; and

(f) OCBC Account No 516-549706-501 opened on 23 March 1990 with $12,212.82 now
in the account.

These accounts will be referred to as accounts (a) to (f) respectively for
ease of reference.

4 The plaintiff held one joint account with the deceased, _ie_ , POSB Account
No 045-07218-3 with a sum of $90,028.84. She became the second defendant in
this capacity but she subsequently relinquished any claim to this account, and
the action against her was discontinued.

5 The other 14 defendants, _ie_ , the third to the 16th defendants, are some
of the children of the two sons who had died before the deceased. They claim
that the moneys in the joint accounts belonged to the deceased’s estate, to
which they are beneficiaries. I shall refer to these 14 grandchildren as “the
grandchildren”. (The deceased had other grandchildren who are not involved in
this action.)

**The question for determination**

6 In this action, the plaintiff had asked the court to determine whether the
moneys in the joint accounts the deceased held with her and with the first
defendant belonged to the deceased’s estate or to the respective surviving
account holders upon the death of the deceased. After the plaintiff
relinquished her claim on the joint account she held with the deceased, the
sole question to be determined is whether the moneys in accounts (a) to (f)
vested in the first defendant as the surviving account holder or in the estate
of the deceased upon the death of the deceased.

7 It is common ground that the first defendant did not put in any moneys into
those six accounts. Accounts (a) and (f) are fixed deposit accounts. Accounts
(b) to (e) are “EasiSave” accounts, which are saving accounts with cheque-
issuing facilities. The moneys in the four EasiSave accounts had come out of
account (f).

**The issues to be decided**

8 The issues to be considered are:

(a) whether the deceased had intended to open joint accounts when he opened
the accounts;

(b) if the deceased had intended to open the joint accounts, whether the
presumption of advancement can arise in favour of the first defendant; and

(c) if the presumption of advancement can apply, whether it is rebutted on the
facts.

**_Whether the deceased intended to open joint accounts_**

9 There are two aspects to this issue: first, whether he had the mental
capacity to decide to open the joint accounts and second, whether he knew he
was opening joint accounts.

_Whether the deceased had the mental capacity to decide to open the joint
accounts_

10 The grandchildren relied on the evidence of two doctors. The first doctor
is Dr Tang Kok Foo. Dr Tang, a neurologist, had seen the deceased between 10
February 1995 and 22 October 1997.

11 Dr Tang’s evidence was that when he saw the deceased on the first occasion:

He was suffering from advanced dementia at that time. He was alert and polite
but could not engage in any meaningful conversation, as he had no recollection
of recent events. He invited me to sit down and offered me a cup of coffee. He
repeated this several times during the consultation. His gait was slow and
unsteady and he had to hold onto surrounding objects now and then as he walked
about the room. He was smoking non-stop and appeared to be reading a newspaper
when in fact he could not remember what he had just read.

On further examination, I found that he had bilateral carotid bruits. Carotid
bruits are sounds we can hear with a stethoscope and they occur synchronously
with the systolic phase of each heartbeat. The bruits were loud and of
significant duration. This indicates that both the left and right carotid
arteries supplying blood to his brain were narrowed.

12 Dr Tang also deposed that when he saw the deceased in November 1996, his
dementia was already very advanced, and it was likely to be due to Alzheimer’s
disease. The deceased’s family members informed him that the deceased had been
in the same condition for a number of years. A daughter of the deceased told
him that the deceased needed help in bathing and in toilet, but Dr Tang did
not record the identity of the informant, and none of the deceased’s daughters
came to court to confirm that conversation.

13 Dr Tang was of the opinion that the deceased had mild dementia in 1990. He
explained that a person with mild dementia would have short-term memory
impairment and might not remember events that happened a few hours or a few
weeks ago, but such a person would usually be able to make reasonably good
decisions.

14 The second doctor the grandchildren relied on is psychiatrist Dr Tan Chue
Tin. Dr Tan did not examine the deceased, but rendered his opinion on the
basis of the findings of Dr Tang and the notes of the deceased’s evidence
given in Suit No 854 of 1991 (see [21] below).

15 Dr Tan’s opinion after reviewing the material was that:

[T]he Deceased would have very limited or little awareness of his situation
when he opened the 4 ‘Easisave’ accounts [accounts (b) to (e)] in 1995, based
on his severely impaired mental state while giving Court evidence on 15 April
1994 and the clinical and MMSE [Mini Mental State Examination] assessment by
Dr. Tang Kok Foo on 10 February 1995. As for the March 1990 Fixed Deposit
Account [account (f)], it is also my opinion that _more likely than not_ the
Deceased was similarly limited in his awareness of situation, given the fact
that Alzheimer’s Type Dementia has an insidious onset and gradual
deterioration. [emphasis in original]

and he concluded that:

(a) [A]t the time the Deceased opened the 4 Easisave joint saving accounts
with the 1st Defendant, on 25.2.95, 25.2.95, 11.3.95 and 19.4.95 respectively,
with a total amount of $3,843,823/-, he was suffering from advanced dementia
with severe impairment of his memory, attention/concentration, cognitive
functions, reasoning ability and ability to calculate.

(b) At the time the Deceased deposited $3,009,225.19 into his personal
Balestier OCBC Account (Account No. 516-033719-001) on 23 March 1990 and made
2 Placement Forms on the same day to transfer a total of $3,000,000 from this
personal account to a Balestier OCBC Joint Account (Account No. 516-549706-501
jointly with the 1st  Defendant), the Deceased was likely to suffer
significant impairment of his memory, attention/concentration, cognitive
functions, reasoning ability and ability to calculate.

16 Dr Tan expanded on these conclusions. He explained that at the early stages
of the onset of Alzheimer’s Disease, the patient’s judgment and memory would
be affected. They would be mildly deficient at that stage and the further
deterioration would be very gradual and take place over years. In the
deceased’s case, Dr Tan stated that the deceased’s Alzheimer’s Dementia was
probably in its early stage in March 1990. At the early stage, although the
person afflicted might not be able to handle complicated negotiations or
complicated issues, he would have the capacity to make simple deals, or decide
to put money into a bank.

17 The first defendant relied on the views of two other doctors. Dr Lee Suan
Yew treated the deceased from September 1987 to February 1992. The first
defendant’s solicitors informed him about this action and explained to him
that the issue in dispute was the deceased’s physical and mental health
between 1990 and his death in 1997, and sought his assistance and input. In
his reply to them, Dr Lee gave a history of the attendances and stated that
when he saw the deceased on 22 February 1992, the deceased complained of a
cough, but was mentally alert. Although Dr Lee was not a witness at the trial
as he had informed the solicitors that he was unable to attend court, the
solicitors’ letter and his reply were admitted in evidence without objections.

18 The first defendant obtained an opinion from psychiatrist Dr Brian Yeo Kah
Loke on the deceased’s mental condition. Dr Yeo, like Dr Tan, did not see the
deceased, and had referred to Dr Tang’s report and attendance notes on the
deceased, Dr Lee’s letter, and the notes of the deceased’s evidence in Suit No
854 of 1991.

19 Dr Yeo was of the opinion that if the deceased had dementia in 1995, he was
more likely to be suffering from Vascular Dementia than Alzheimer’s Dementia,
and he added:

It is my opinion that it would not be possible to conclude from an examination
of the deceased in 1995, that he was not in a coherent mental state a few
years prior to 1995, much less in 1990. In fact, from the chronology of events
that took place, it would appear that the deceased was in a more coherent
mental state as late as April 1994 when he gave evidence in Court.

and

In view of the gradual and insidious progression of the disorder, it is my
opinion that even if the deceased had symptoms of Alzheimer’s Dementia in
1995, it would not necessarily mean that he was not able to reason prior to
1990 or in 1994 when he gave evidence in Court.

20 There was also evidence from non-medical sources relating to the deceased’s
mental condition. The plaintiff, Low Geok Khim, and the first defendant, Low
Geok Bian, both deposed that the deceased was in good health up to his death.

21 There is further evidence from an independent source on the deceased’s
mental capacity as at 1994. On 15 April 1994, he was called as a witness in
Suit No 854 of 1991, _Re Low Gim Har Janet_ , reported at [1996] 3 SLR 343. He
gave evidence for about two and a half hours before Lai Kew Chai J who noted
in his judgment at 357, [84] that:

He was 89 years old and suffered both from a fairly serious hearing defect and
the attendant problems of an ageing man’s memory and comprehension.

Lai J nevertheless went on to accept the deceased’s evidence over that of
another witness in those proceedings.

22 It is useful to review the evidence for the different periods in which the
deceased opened joint accounts. There was no evidence whatsoever of any mental
impairment in 1983 when he opened account (a). For the year 1990 when account
(f) was opened, there is evidence from the four doctors. Dr Lee saw him in
1992 and found him to be mentally alert. Dr Tang, who saw him in 1995,
believes that the deceased may have had mild dementia, which may have impaired
his short-term memory without affecting his ability to make decisions. Dr
Tan’s diagnosis, made without the benefit of seeing the deceased, was that the
deceased was likely to have suffered significant impairment to his memory,
cognitive faculties and reasoning, but Dr Yeo, who likewise had not seen the
deceased, did not agree with Dr Tang’s and Dr Tan’s opinions on the deceased’s
mental state in 1990.

23 What constitutes sufficient mental capacity to do an act? I adopt the
answer given by the High Court of Australia in _Gibbons v Wright_ (1954) 91
CLR 423 at 438 that:

[T]he mental capacity required by the law in respect of any instrument is
relative to the particular transaction which is being effected by means of the
instrument, and may be described as the capacity to understand the nature of
that transaction when it is explained.

24 The deceased was an experienced and successful businessman. He was not a
stranger to bank accounts. He had opened bank accounts from 1983 and, very
probably, even earlier in the course of his business activities. The question
is whether he had the mental capacity to decide to open a fixed deposit bank
account, and to decide whether it was to be a single or joint account. These
are not difficult or complex decisions to make. I find on the evidence that he
had the mental capacity to open account (f) in 1990.

_Whether the deceased knew he was opening joint accounts_

25 The grandchildren raised questions as to whether the deceased knew he was
opening joint accounts, in particular, over the opening of account (f) on 23
March 1990. They referred to documents related to the account which were
recovered from the deceased’s office after his death:

(a) two placement of fixed deposit forms dated 23 March 1990 signed by the
deceased for opening two deposit accounts of $1.5m each from funds from his
personal current account;

(b) an account application form dated 23 March 1990 for opening a joint fixed
deposit account signed by the deceased and the first defendant;

(c) a copy of an undated specimen signature card signed by the deceased and
the first defendant which suggested that the deceased’s name and the first
defendant’s name were not typed onto the card at the same time, but that the
deceased’s name was typed first, after which the card had been re-inserted
into the typewriter to have the first defendant’s name typed in.

26 The first defendant’s evidence was that he and the deceased had attended at
the bank to open the accounts, and that they had brought with them the
prepared forms and signature card for the purpose.

27 Ms Jennifer Ng, an assistant vice-president of OCBC Bank, gave evidence on
the account opening and operating procedures followed by the bank. Ms Ng was
an employee of the bank at the time account (f) was opened, but she was not
involved with the opening and had no direct knowledge on the account. Her
evidence was that it was possible for an existing customer of the bank, such
as the deceased, to open other accounts without attending at the bank if the
bank had a specimen signature card to verify his signature. However, she had
no knowledge whether the deceased had attended at the bank or not.

28 When the first defendant was cross-examined by counsel for the
grandchildren, allusions were made that some of the forms had been tampered
with. Attention was also drawn to the fact that the two fixed deposit
placement forms were signed only by the deceased.

29 However, they did not assert misconduct against the first defendant in the
closing submissions. The third defendant questioned whether the deceased knew
that he was opening a joint account with the first defendant in view of the
fact that the first defendant had “single-handedly helped” him to open the
joint fixed deposit account.

30 The fourth to 16th defendants submitted that:

[T]he documentary evidence relating to [account (f)] opened in the joint names
of the 1st Defendant and [the deceased] gives rise to grave suspicion,
alternatively establishes in all probability, that [the deceased] either did
not intend that the two sums of $1,500,000 to be placed on fixed deposit were
to be placed in a fixed deposit joint account in the names of himself and the
1st Defendant, or was not aware that the 1st  Defendant’s name was added as
co-account holder.

31 It is useful to establish the functions of the different forms used. The
placement forms were intended specifically for placement of fixed deposits. In
the two forms signed by the deceased, he instructed the bank to transfer
moneys from his individual current account and place them into the fixed
deposit accounts. For this purpose, only he could and needed to give the
instructions to the bank.

32 The account application form was a more general document. The intended
account holder(s) had to specify the type of account to be opened, _eg_
savings, current or fixed deposit, and to state the names of the joint account
holders. The form also required that the applicants confirm that:

Where the Account is a Joint Account, we agree that on the death of any of us
any credit balance in our Joint Account(s) and any securities held by the Bank
in joint names shall be held to the order of the survivor(s). We shall be
jointly and severally responsible and liable to the Bank for all monies owing
and liabilities incurred to the Bank by us on our Joint Account(s).

This form needed to be signed by all the joint account holders to bind them to
these terms, whether or not they contributed moneys to the account to be
opened.

33 Against that background, there was nothing irregular in the way the
placement and account application forms were signed by the deceased and the
first defendant.

34 The strongest position that could have been taken would be that the first
defendant had tampered with the specimen signature card after it was signed by
the deceased and without his knowledge or consent and thereby perverted the
deceased’s instructions. But the grandchildren and their counsel may have
realised that this would be difficult to prove, and they did not put that as
their case. Their case was that when the deceased opened the account with the
assistance of the first defendant, he might not have intended or was not aware
that a joint account was opened, without alleging wrongdoing on the part of
the first defendant.

35 There was little evidence from which the deceased’s state of intention or
knowledge could be ascertained. It was disputed whether he was at the bank
when account (f) was opened. It is not known if any bank officer met or spoke
with the deceased on the type of account he wanted to open. However, the bank
did accept and act on the application, and opened the account, and there is no
evidence that the deceased had complained about the account which was opened.

36 Against the background that:

(a) the deceased had the mental capacity to open a joint account,

(b) the first defendant did not tamper with the forms, and

(c) the deceased had opened joint accounts previously in 1983,

I find that there was no evidence that the deceased did not intend or was not
aware of the opening of the joint account in 1990.

37 For the four EasiSave accounts opened in 1995, I find that if the deceased
had dementia, it was mild dementia, and not severe dementia. As Dr Tan and Dr
Tang attested, mild dementia does not deprive a person of his mental
abilities. Alzheimer’s Dementia, which they thought the deceased to be
suffering from, is a progressive condition which begins with short-term memory
loss, and develops gradually over the years. Dr Tan believes that a person
with mild dementia is capable of making uncomplicated decisions. _Williams,
Mortimer and Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2000) states at para 13-09 that “memory impairment of itself
may not necessarily result in loss of testamentary capacity”, and that would
apply by analogy to the capacity to open a bank account.

38 I find that the deceased had the capacity to open the joint EasiSave
accounts in 1995.

39 I should add that the deceased’s mental condition in 1990 is of more
significance in this action than his mental condition in 1995. The reason is
that if the deceased was not _compos mentis_ in 1995 when he opened accounts
(b) to (e), the _status quo ante_ of 1990 when account (f), the source of the
moneys in accounts (b) to (e), was opened would apply, and the moneys will be
taken to have remained in account (f) which was held jointly by the deceased
and the first defendant.

40 The grandchildren also raised questions on the operations of the accounts
after March 1990, and complained that the first defendant was not operating
the accounts properly. These complaints do not relate to the question to be
answered in this originating summons, and do not need to be dealt with.

**_Whether the presumption of advancement can apply_**

41 Counsel for the third defendant argued that:

A presumption of advancement arises when a person who transfers property or
provides money to another person is under an equitable obligation to support
or make provision for that person. The learned author of _Snell’s Equity_
[(Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) at  
para 23-02] wrote:

The presumption of advancement applies to certain transfers between parties
where it may be readily inferred that A would have intended to make a gift to
B. It is found therefore where A is under an equitable obligation to support
or make provision for B. Examples are where A is the husband or father of B.
It is, in effect, a counter-presumption which provides _prima facie_ evidence
about A’s intentions as to where the beneficial interest in the property
should lie. Its effect is to negative any initial presumption that the
transfer creates a resulting trust.

42 Counsel also cited _Ang Toon Teck v Ang Poon Sin_ [1998] SGHC 67 where
Judith Prakash J stated at [48] that:

The presumption of advancement should not apply as between a father and son in
these circumstances as there is no need for the one to make financial
provision for the other.

and found that the presumption of advancement could not apply between a father
and a 50-year-old financially self-supporting son, but she went on to say that
if that approach was wrong, the presumption did not apply because it was
rebutted on the facts.

43 There is a significant difference between taking the position that the
presumption cannot apply when there is no need for financial provision, and
finding that the presumption is rebutted. The former states a proposition of
law applicable to all similar cases, while the latter is a finding that is
made on the facts of a particular case.

44 The presumption of advancement between a father and his child has been
explained without reference to the need for financial support. Lord Eldon
explained the presumption in _Murless v Franklin_ (1818) 1 Swans 13 at 18; 36
ER 278 at 280 thus:

It is settled that though, in general cases, if _A_. purchases with his own
money, and the conveyance is taken in the name of _B_., an implied trust in
favour of _A_. arises from the payment of the purchase money; yet that
doctrine has exceptions. One exception is, that if a man purchases in the name
of his son, and no act is done to manifest an intention that the son shall
take as trustee, that intention will not be implied from the payment of the
purchase money by the father, but the purchase is _prima facie_ an
advancement.

45 More recently, the English Court of Appeal considered the presumption of
advancement and the presumption of undue influence in transactions involving a
parent and a child in _In re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ [1964] Ch 303.
Willmer LJ held at 336:

The doctrine of undue influence, much discussed before us, merely arises out
of the fact that while equity approves of gifts by a father to a child, and
therefore invented the doctrine of presumption of advancement, so on the other
hand it dislikes and distrusts gifts by a child to a parent, and therefore
invented the presumption of undue influence. Both these presumptions merely
mean, in our opinion, that in the absence of evidence, or if the evidence on
each side be evenly balanced, in the first case equity will presume that the
parent who puts property in a child’s name intends to make a gift or give a
benefit to the child, while on the other hand money or property passing from
the child to the parent cannot be retained by the latter because it is assumed
that so unnatural a transaction would have been brought about by undue use of
the natural influence that a parent has over a child, and of the filial
obedience which a child owes to his parent. Both presumptions may be rebutted;
each is in truth a convenient device in aid of decisions on facts often lost
in obscurity, whether owing to the lapse of time or the death of the parties.

46 Prakash J did not refer to any cases which stated that the presumption of
advancement could only arise in a transaction of property from a parent to a
child when it could be inferred that the parent was making a financial
provision for the child. Counsel for the third defendant did not produce any
other judgment which espoused that view.

47 When one considers the presumption of advancement as expounded in _Murless
v Franklin_ and _In re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ , one must be cautious
about adopting the narrower approach. As the presumption operates as an
exception to the rule on resulting trusts, the rationale for the presumption
should be considered. The underlying reason for having an exception is that
the parent would have intended the child to have the benefit of the property
because of the parent-child relationship between them. There is no necessity
to restrict the operation of the presumption of advancement to a child in need
of financial support. There is no reason to suppose that a parent could have
intended the child to have the benefit if the latter was financially
dependent, but not if he was financially sound.

**_Is the presumption rebutted?_**

48 The presumption of advancement has lost its robustness over the years. The
process started with the House of Lord’s decision in _Pettitt v Pettitt_
[1970] AC 777 where the law lords were unanimous that the strength of the
presumption in a transaction affecting husband and wife had diminished and the
Privy Council on appeal from Singapore took the same position in _Neo Tai Kim
v Foo Stie Wah_ [1985] 1 MLJ 397. In _McGrath v Wallis_ [1995] 2 FLR 114, the
English Court of Appeal expressed the same view in a case between father and
child.

49 The Court of Appeal in _Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1999] 4 SLR 560
referred to the three cases and concluded at [29] that:

[T]he current judicial approach towards the presumption of advancement is to
treat it as an evidential instrument of last resort where there is no direct
evidence as to the intention of the parties rather than as an oft-applied rule
of thumb.

50 Neither the first defendant nor the grandchildren had any direct evidence
of the deceased’s intentions when he opened the six joint accounts. The first
defendant’s case was that the deceased must have intended him to have the
money because he was the youngest and favourite son of the deceased. The
grandchildren, on the other hand, argued that if the deceased had knowingly
opened those joint accounts, he opened them for his convenience, safety or
security.

51 The first defendant’s claim that he was the deceased’s favourite son was
disputed by the grandchildren and there was no reliable evidence because the
deceased did not name any child as his favourite.

52 The first defendant believed that the deceased intended him to have the
moneys in the accounts because he had been managing the family business after
the death of Low Yok Kay, the deceased’s eldest son in 1983. He also relied on
the fact that in the case before Lai J, the third defendant herein described
the first defendant as the deceased’s blue-eyed boy, but that was somewhat
neutralised by the plaintiff’s evidence in this case that she felt that, Low
Geok Beng, the deceased’s fifth son, was the deceased’s favourite son.

53 In his past actions, the deceased did not treat his children with absolute
equality in financial matters. The deceased had made one distribution of
assets to his children in his lifetime. This took place when he incorporated
the family business into a limited company, Hup Choon Kim Kee Ltd, in February
1963.

54 In the fourth defendant’s words, the deceased provided all his children
with shareholdings in the company. The sons were provided with more shares
than the daughters. Amongst the sons, Low Yok Kay received the most, 1,005
shares, followed by the first defendant who received 905 shares. The other
four sons had 730 shares each. Amongst the daughters, the plaintiff received
160 shares while the other daughters had 150 shares each. The deceased
allotted to himself 1,060 shares. From this distribution, it can be inferred
that Low Yok Kay was the most favoured son, and the first defendant was the
next most favoured in 1963.

55 When account (f) was opened in 1990, Low Yok Kay was already dead, having
died in 1985, and the first defendant was the most favoured surviving child if
the _status quo_ remained. There was no indication that the relationship had
changed since 1963 and the deceased had dinners in the first defendant’s house
regularly.

56 The grandchildren pointed out that he was 84 years old in 1990, and the
bank was situated along a busy road. They argued that it was more convenient
for him to open the joint accounts with the first defendant so that he could
operate the account for him.

57 On the other hand, it was common evidence that the deceased was well taken
care of in his old age. He called on his children and grandchildren to take
him when he needed to go out, and they also ran errands for him. He did not
have to do everything himself, or rely on public transport. In addition to
that, there was also evidence that his attendance might not have been required
for the opening and operation of the bank accounts.

58 How do the factors weigh up? The first defendant had worked with the
deceased and the family business and was one of the favoured children when the
company shares were allotted in 1963, and they remained close at least to the
extent that they had dinners together.

59 The $3m the deceased placed in the two joint fixed deposit accounts on 23
March 1990 was probably more than the deceased required for his needs at that
stage of his life when he was 84. If he had not intended for the first
defendant to have the moneys after he died, he would have left instructions
for their distribution. Is it likely that a Chinese patriarch such as him
intended his sons and daughters to have equal shares of the moneys when he
died? His distribution of the shares in the family company reflected a more
traditional and conservative outlook.

60 After giving the matter careful consideration, I find it more probable than
not that when the deceased opened the six accounts, he intended the first
defendant to have the moneys upon his death. Consequently, the presumption of
advancement is not rebutted.

**Conclusion**

61 In answer to the question posed in the originating summons, I find that the
moneys in accounts (a) to (f) vested in the first defendant as the surviving
account holder of the accounts upon the death of the deceased.

62 I will hear submissions on the question of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

