Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA  
[2006] SGCA 42

Case Number | : | CA 24/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Toh Kian Sing and Ian Teo Ke-Wei (Rajah & Tann) for the appellant; Mohan Subbaraman and Adrian Aw Hon Wei (Gurbani & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Swift-Fortune Ltd — Magnifica Marine SA   
  
Arbitration – Interlocutory order or direction – Court’s power – Whether
Singapore court having power to grant interim relief by way of Mareva
injunction in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings with no other connection
with Singapore – Section 4(10) Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), s 12(7)
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  

1 December 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1  This is an appeal by Swift-Fortune Ltd (“Swift-Fortune”), a Liberian
company, against the decision of Judith Prakash J (“Prakash J”) in _Swift-
Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA_ [2006] 2 SLR 323 which set aside a Mareva
injunction restraining Magnifica Marine SA (“Magnifica”), a Panamanian
company, from disposing of or dealing with its assets in Singapore pending
arbitration proceedings between the parties in London in accordance with the
underlying contract.

2 This appeal raises important issues relating to the power of a Singapore
court to grant Mareva interlocutory relief in aid of “international
arbitrations”. The relevant statutory provisions are: (a) s 12(7) of the
International Arbitration Act (incorporating the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL”) Model Law (“the Model Law”)) (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”); (b) s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“CLA”); and (c) s 18(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed) (“SCJA”).

3 With respect to the IAA, Prakash J decided that s 12(7) of the IAA conferred
powers on the court to grant Mareva interlocutory relief to assist “Singapore
international arbitrations”, but not “foreign arbitrations”, as defined by
her. By the expression “foreign arbitration” she meant an arbitration arising
out of an international arbitration agreement (as defined in s 5(2) of the
IAA) which does not stipulate Singapore as the seat of arbitration. By the
expression “Singapore international arbitration”, she meant an arbitration
where Singapore is stipulated as the seat of arbitration. As these definitions
also delineate the scope of Prakash J’s decision, we will continue to use them
for the purpose of considering its merits.

4 With respect to s 4(10) of the CLA, Prakash J proceeded on the basis that in
_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112 (“
_Karaha Bodas”)_ this court had applied the principle in _Siskina v Distos
Compania Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210 (“ _The Siskina_ ”) which, in the context
of Singapore, is to the effect that a Singapore court has no power to grant
Mareva relief in respect of the Singapore assets of a foreign defendant if the
only purpose of such relief is to support foreign _court_ proceedings.
However, in this appeal, counsel for Swift-Fortune has sought to distinguish
_Karaha Bodas_ following the decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (“Ang J”) in
_Front Carriers Ltd v Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp_ [2006] 3 SLR 854 (“
_Front Carriers_ ”) which was given before the hearing of this appeal. The
distinction is that _Karaha Bodas_ was not concerned with giving assistance to
foreign arbitrations as distinguished from foreign court proceedings.

5 In _Front Carriers,_ Ang J held that under s 12(7) of the IAA the court has
the power to grant a free-standing Mareva injunction, _ie_ , where the
plaintiff has not made a substantive claim against the defendant in the court
proceedings, in aid of foreign arbitration. Additionally, she held that under
s 4(10) of the CLA the court has such power only where it has personal
jurisdiction over the defendant and where “there is a recognisable justiciable
right between the parties” under Singapore law (at [52]). In this appeal,
counsel for Swift-Fortune has urged this court to accept the decision in
_Front Carriers_ in preference to that of the High Court in the present case.

6 This appeal raises novel and important issues of statutory interpretation in
relation to the court’s powers under s 12(7) of the IAA and also under s 4(10)
of the CLA. Except for one critical difference in fact, _ie_ , the existence
of a substantive claim recognisable by a Singapore court, the material facts
in the present case and in _Front Carriers_ are substantially the same. In
both cases, the defendant had assets in Singapore, but no place of business
here. In both cases, the parties had agreed to refer the contractual dispute
to arbitration outside Singapore and in accordance with English law. One case
was concerned with the sale of a ship, and the other with the charter of a
ship. That two cases on the same legal issues relating to international
arbitrations have come before the courts within such a short span of time may
be indicative of the potentially high incidence of similar cases in the
future. That two experienced commercial judges have expressed different views
on the applicability of the relevant statutory provisions relating to Mareva
injunctions also indicates the need for clarity, certainty and predictability
in an important area of Singapore commercial law, _viz_ , the statutory power
of the court to grant interim orders or relief to assist international
arbitrations as defined in the IAA.

7 In this appeal, we start our inquiry by examining how the legal issues in
the present case arose and how Prakash J dealt with them after considering
counsel’s arguments. We will then proceed to consider, by way of comparison,
the issues in _Front Carriers_ and how Ang J dealt with them.

**_Factual background_**

8 The underlying dispute in the present case arose in connection with the sale
of a vessel, _Capaz Duckling_ by Magnifica to Swift-Fortune at the price of
US$9.5m for delivery in China but with legal completion in Singapore. The sale
agreement, which was subject to English law, provided for arbitration in
London of any dispute arising from it. Pursuant to the agreement, Swift-
Fortune deposited 20% of the purchase price in an escrow account with DnB NOR
Bank ASA (“DnB Bank”) in Singapore in the joint names of the parties. Upon
delivery of the vessel, the full purchase price was to be paid to Magnifica at
DnB Bank in Singapore. Delivery of the ship was delayed, resulting in Swift-
Fortune claiming substantial losses estimated to be between US$2m to US$2.5m.

9 On the day before the date fixed for delayed completion, Swift-Fortune filed
an action, _ex parte_ , seeking a Mareva injunction to restrain Magnifica from
disposing or dealing with its assets in Singapore up to the value of US$2.5m.
The court granted the injunction, and also gave leave to serve the application
and the Mareva injunction on Magnifica outside the jurisdiction. Upon being
served with the court papers, Magnifica applied to set aside the proceedings
and the Mareva injunction on the ground that the court did not have
jurisdiction or power to grant the Mareva injunction.

**_How the issue of jurisdiction arose_**

10 Swift-Fortune made its application pursuant to s 12(7), read with s 12(1)
of the IAA and O 69A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed).
However, with regard to service of the application and the Mareva injunction
outside the jurisdiction, it placed reliance on O 11 of the Rules of Court as
well. This led to substantial arguments before Prakash J on the applicability
of O 11 to the application. Prakash J decided that O 11 did not apply to
applications under the IAA, and that the relevant Order was O 69A. She further
held that to justify such an order, Swift-Fortune had to show that the case
was a proper one for service outside the jurisdiction under O 69A r 4. Swift-
Fortune has not appealed against this ruling. In relation to this point, we
should also mention that Ang J in _Front Carriers_ also held that O 69A is the
relevant order for applications made under the IAA.

**_Showing a proper case_ of forum conveniens**

11 In determining what a proper case is under O 69A r 4, Prakash J applied the
decision of this court in _PT Garuda Indonesia v Birgen Air_ [2002] 1 SLR 393
(“ _Garuda_ ”), that in order to establish a proper case, the plaintiff has to
show, first, that there are merits in the case and, second, that Singapore is
the _forum conveniens, ie_ , the forum most suitable for the case to be tried
in the interests of all parties and for the ends of justice. In this respect,
counsel for Swift-Fortune contended that Singapore was the proper forum
because: (a) Magnifica had assets in Singapore; (b) legal completion of the
sale was to take place in Singapore which would make Singapore the forum with
the closest connection with the issues involved in the action; and (c)
Magnifica had failed to identify another forum in which the case might be more
suitably tried in the interests of the parties and to achieve the ends of
justice.

12 Prakash J did not have to deal with this argument as she ruled that a
proper case could not be shown unless a Singapore court had the power in a
case involving a foreign arbitration to grant Mareva relief against the
Singapore assets of a party who has no presence in Singapore. In her view,
this court had already decided in _Karaha Bodas_ that a Singapore court could
not grant Mareva relief in respect of the Singapore assets of a foreign
defendant if the only purpose of such relief was to support _foreign court
proceedings._ Accordingly, in the absence of express statutory authority
giving such power in the case of arbitrations, Singapore would not be the
_forum conveniens._ Counsel for Swift-Fortune, in response to this ruling,
contended that s 12(7) of the IAA, on a plain reading, has given the court
such authority. Counsel for Magnifica contended otherwise, arguing that s
12(7), on a purposive interpretation, does not give such authority. After a
careful and detailed consideration of the arguments and the legislative
history of the IAA and the Model Law, Prakash J rejected the arguments of
counsel for Swift-Fortune and accepted the arguments of counsel for Magnifica
as s 12(7) of the IAA does not give such authority. We turn now to consider
the background to the enactment of the IAA, and in particular why, when and
how s 12(7) was enacted in the IAA. It is our view that understanding this
history is the key to ascertaining the legislative intention behind that
provision.

**The history of the IAA**

13 The IAA (incorporating the Model Law) was enacted in 1994 after wide
consultation among interest groups. The Bill was drafted by a working
committee (“the Committee”) of the Law Reform Committee of the Singapore
Academy of Law (“the LRC”) comprising lawyers who were experienced
arbitrators, law academics, foreign lawyers and legal officers from the
Attorney-General’s Chambers. In drafting the Bill, the Committee carried out a
review of the Model Law, relevant foreign legislation relating to commercial
arbitration and existing Singapore legislation on the subject. The draft Bill
together with a report – Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law,
_Report of the Sub-Committee on Review of Arbitration Laws_ (1993) (“the
Report”) – was submitted to the LRC for consideration. The draft Bill was then
revised by the Committee, and, together with the Report, was submitted to the
Minister for Law for consideration. The most important revision made to the
draft Bill was the insertion of s 12(6) (now s 12(7)) of the IAA. Prakash J
has explained in her grounds of decision that Parliament decided to enact s
12(6) only after it had belatedly realised that it had not given the court
power to grant interim orders and measures to assist Singapore international
arbitrations. This being the case, we will now examine how and when the
inadvertent omission was rectified.

**Object of the IAA – to promote international arbitration in Singapore**

14 It is common ground that the objective of the IAA is to promote
international arbitration in Singapore. What is in dispute between the parties
is the kind of international arbitration that Parliament had in mind. This
objective is clearly expressed in the following parts of the Report, _viz_ ,
the Summary of Recommendations to the Report, paras 1, 8, 14, 31, 48 and 49 of
the Report, the second reading speech made on 31 October 1994 by the
Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Law, and the speech of the
Government Parliamentary Committee Chairman for Law and Home Affairs who spoke
in support of the Bill at the same parliamentary session. The two
parliamentary speeches were devoted entirely to addressing the desirability of
promoting Singapore as a centre for international arbitrations in order to
provide the commercial sector with another venue to resolve their commercial
disputes. We can conclude from these materials that the purpose of the IAA is
to promote the kind of international arbitration that would augment the legal
and other kinds of services already available in Singapore, and which is
conducive to promoting Singapore as an international arbitration centre.

**Counsel’s submissions on policy implications**

15 Counsel for Swift-Fortune has invited this court to consider the policy
implications for Singapore of upholding the decision of Prakash J. He has
argued for a broader objective for the IAA that “[i]f Singapore aims to be an
international arbitration centre it must adopt a world view of international
arbitration” (see the Report at para 8), and to this end should interpret the
IAA (and the Model Law) to support all international arbitration (irrespective
of the stipulated seat of arbitration), and that this court should not adopt
an insular approach that is at odds with the general trend manifested in other
jurisdictions which have adopted the Model Law. He contended that parties are
not any less likely to choose Singapore as the venue of arbitration merely
because Singapore courts are given the power to provide curial assistance to
foreign arbitrations as the selection of the arbitral venue is determined by
many factors. But he also pointed out that a narrow approach would also not
bring more international arbitration to Singapore for the same reasons.
However, he cautioned that a narrow approach in limiting the scope of the
court’s power to assist foreign arbitration in the way of interim measures
could have adverse consequences for Singapore in that: (a) Singapore’s
reputation would suffer because it would become a haven for funds placed here
to avoid foreign attachment; and (b) Singapore’s status as a legal services
centre would suffer as Singapore lawyers would be deprived of the services
that they would have provided in such matters.

16 We have three general comments on these submissions. First, we are aware
that contemporary international arbitration does not need to be anchored to
any particular territorial jurisdiction. The choice of venue is dictated by
diverse factors and the stipulated seat of arbitration may not ultimately be
the chosen venue. _Garuda_ ([11] _supra_) is an example of a case where the
seat of arbitration was Jakarta, but the arbitration itself was conducted in
Singapore. The autonomous character of international arbitration recognised by
the legal systems of a large number of trading states has made the arbitrators
or the parties and their counsel the final arbiters of where the arbitration
is to be conducted. Thus, whilst we can accept counsel’s realistic assessment
of how international arbitrations are conducted today, the potentially adverse
consequences spelt out by counsel are _par excellence_ policy considerations
within the purview of Parliament. Secondly, it is reasonable to assume that
the framers of the IAA were aware of these considerations and would have
factored them into the drafting of the IAA. If they have not been taken into
account in the IAA, we doubt very much that we can do so, without arrogating
to ourselves the power to decide such policy issues. Thirdly, the duty of the
court is to determine what the law is, _ie_ , the true meaning of s 12(7), and
to apply it to the facts of the case. It should not second-guess Parliament on
such matters. In this appeal, we will not traverse beyond the duty to
ascertain the scope of s 12(7), applying established principles of statutory
interpretation to give effect to the intention of Parliament. If the literal
interpretation of s 12(7) promotes the legislative object better than a
purposive interpretation, then the court is justified in preferring the former
to the latter interpretation. Conversely, if the literal interpretation does
not promote the legislative object or does not promote it better than the
purposive interpretation, then it is permissible for the court to ignore the
literal meaning and give effect to the purposive interpretation.

17 However, this court is entitled to look at the objective of the IAA to see
whether a literal, purposive, or some other kind of interpretation will
promote the objective of the statute rather than hinder its fulfilment. As we
have stated earlier, the objective of the IAA is to promote international
arbitration in Singapore. To achieve that status, it must have and be able to
sustain a critical volume of such arbitrations being conducted here. This
requires the existence of a conducive political, economic and legal
environment. It must have a proper legal framework that is generally accepted
by the stakeholders in the system. The Model Law, as modified by IAA to suit
local circumstances and conditions, would be such a legal framework. But,
still, it is just one of many essentials in the making of an international
arbitration centre, although it is a most important link. Another, of course,
is Singapore being a party to the New York Convention in order to give
efficacy to the enforcement of arbitral awards in member countries. We will
now examine s 12(7) to determine its legislative intent.

**Application of section 12(7) of the IAA – meaning and scope**

18 The title to s 12 of the IAA is: “Powers of arbitral tribunal”. The
significance of the title is self-explanatory. It suggests that s 12 is only
concerned with arbitrations before an “arbitral tribunal”. This expression is
defined in s 2 of the IAA to mean “a sole arbitrator or a panel of arbitrators
or a permanent arbitral institution”. However, the open-endedness of these
terms is qualified by the kinds of international arbitrations that an arbitral
tribunal is empowered to conduct under the IAA. In this context, an arbitral
tribunal in the Model Law refers to a tribunal appointed under an
international arbitration agreement that provides for the seat of arbitration
to be in Singapore. Article 1(2) of the Model Law provides that the provisions
of this Law, except Arts 8, 9, 35 and 36 apply only if the place of
arbitration is in Singapore.

19 The relevant subsections of s 12 read:

**Powers of arbitral tribunal**

12(1)— Without prejudice to the powers set out in any other provision of this
Act and in the Model law, an arbitral tribunal shall have the powers to make
orders or give directions to any party for —

(_a_) security for costs;

(_b_) discovery of documents and interrogatories;

(_c_) giving of evidence by affidavit;

(_d_) the preservation, interim custody or sale of any property which is or
forms part of the subject-matter of the dispute;

(_e_) samples to be taken from, or any observation to be made of or experiment
conducted upon, any property which is or forms part of the subject-matter of
the dispute;

(_f_) the preservation and interim custody of any evidence for the purposes of
the proceedings;

(_g_) securing the amount in dispute;

(_h_) ensuring that any award which may be made in the arbitral proceedings is
not rendered ineffectual by the dissipation of assets by a party; and

(_i_) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

(2) An arbitral tribunal shall, unless the parties to an arbitration agreement
have (whether in the arbitration agreement or in any other document in
writing) agreed to the contrary, have power to administer oaths to or take
affirmations of the parties and witnesses.

(3) An arbitral tribunal shall, unless the parties to an arbitration agreement
have (whether in the arbitration agreement or in any other document in
writing) agreed to the contrary, have power to adopt if it thinks fit
inquisitorial processes.

(4) The power of the arbitral tribunal to order a claimant to provide security
for costs as referred to in subsection (1) (_a_) shall not be exercised by
reason only that the claimant is —

(_a_) an individual ordinarily resident outside Singapore; or

(_b_) a corporation or an association incorporated or formed under the law of
a country outside Singapore, or whose central management and control is
exercised outside Singapore.

(5) Without prejudice to the application of Article 28 of the Model Law, an
arbitral tribunal, in deciding the dispute that is the subject of the arbitral
proceedings —

(_a_) may award any remedy or relief that could have been ordered by the High
Court if the dispute had been the subject of civil proceedings in that Court;

(_b_) may award interest (including interest on a compound basis) on the whole
or any part of any sum which —

(i) is awarded to any party, for the whole or any part of the period up to the
date of the award; or

(ii) is in issue in the arbitral proceedings but is paid before the date of
the award, for the whole or any part of the period up to the date of payment.

(6) All orders or directions made or given by an arbitral tribunal in the
course of an arbitration shall, by leave of the High Court or a Judge thereof,
be enforceable in the same manner as if they were orders made by a court and,
where leave is so given, judgment may be entered in terms of the order or
direction.

(7) The High Court or a Judge thereof shall have, for the purpose of and in
relation to _an arbitration to which this Part applies_ , the same power of
making orders in respect of any of the matters set out in subsection (1) as it
has for the purpose of and in relation to an action or matter in the court.

[emphasis added]

20 The relevant issues that arise in this appeal are concerned with the
meaning of the italicised words in s 12(7). The first issue is the meaning of
the phrase “an arbitration to which this Part applies” (“the first
qualifier”). The second issue is the meaning of the words “as it has for the
purpose of and in relation to an action or matter in the court” (“the second
qualifier”). We should mention that the meaning of the first qualifier was
thoroughly canvassed by counsel for the parties, but the meaning of the second
qualifier was largely ignored. As we shall see (at [60] below), the meaning of
the second qualifier is also critical in determining the powers of the court
under s 12(7).

**_Arguments on section 12(7) of the IAA in relation to the first qualifier_**

21 Swift-Fortune’s case is quite simple: it is that the first qualifier makes
s 12(1) applicable to all “international arbitrations” because: (a) s 12(7) is
in Pt II and (b) s 5(2) which is also in Pt II, defines what an international
arbitration is for the purposes of Pt II. It is then argued that as the
arbitration in London between Swift-Fortune and Magnifica is undoubtedly an
international arbitration as defined in s 5(2) of the IAA, it follows that the
court has power under s 12(7) to grant a Mareva injunction under s 12(1)(_i_).
Section 5(2) provides as follows:

[A]n arbitration is international if —

(_a_) at least one of the parties to an arbitration agreement, at the
conclusion of the agreement, has its place of business in any State other than
Singapore; or

(_b_) one of the following places is situated outside the State in which the
parties have their place of business:

(i) the place of arbitration, if determined in, or pursuant to, the
arbitration agreement;

(ii) any place where a substantial part of the obligations of the commercial
relationship is to be performed or the place with which the subject-matter of
the dispute is mostly connected; or

(_c_) the parties have expressly agreed that the subject matter of the
agreement relates to more than one country.

Swift-Fortune’s counsel points out that the definition is clear and contains
no word of qualification as regards the seat or venue of arbitration or the
law applicable to the arbitration. Accordingly, s 12(7) applies to all
international arbitrations whether conducted in or outside Singapore. This
conclusion, in the words of counsel, follows naturally from a plain reading of
the IAA without the need for any strained or unduly narrow interpretation on
ss 5(2) and 12(7) of the IAA.

22 Magnifica’s case is that s 12(7) should not be interpreted literally as it
would undermine the purpose of the IAA which is to promote international
arbitration in Singapore. A literal interpretation would provide no incentive
to foreign parties to select Singapore as the seat of arbitration, if they
will have access to a Singapore court for interim measures against assets in
Singapore without having to arbitrate in Singapore. Accordingly, s 12(7)
should be interpreted purposively to promote the objective of the IAA. It is
also contended s 12(7), purposively interpreted, will give effect to its
legislative intent and also accords with its legislative history.

**_Decision of Prakash J on section 12(7) of the IAA_**

23 Prakash J decided that s 12(7) was intended to apply only to Singapore
international arbitrations. She gave the following reasons:

(a) The IAA is intended to encourage such arbitrations.

(b) Section 12(7) uses a form of words taken from s 27(1) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the AA”), whose equivalent in England, _viz_ , s
12(6) of the Arbitration Act 1950 (c 27) (UK) (“the 1950 Act”), has no
application to foreign arbitrations.

(c) Section 12(7) is placed in s 12 which deals only with the powers of
arbitral tribunals conducting Singapore international arbitrations.

(d) Section 12(7) is not expressed to apply extraterritorially, and therefore
does not apply to a foreign arbitral tribunal conducting an arbitration
outside Singapore.

(e) In the absence of much clearer words, it is unlikely that Parliament
intended s 12(7) to apply to foreign arbitrations, when (at the same time) it
has not conferred on the court power to grant Mareva interlocutory relief in
aid of foreign court proceedings.

24 Counsel for Swift-Fortune also argued that Pt II of the IAA was intended to
apply to international arbitrations generally on the ground that ss 6(3) and
7(1) (which also apply to foreign arbitrations) are found in Pt II. Prakash J
rejected this argument. She was of the view that ss 6 and 7 were specially
enacted to cater to the specific demands of the two situations and were not
indicative of such intention.

25 Another argument put forward by counsel for Swift-Fortune was that s 12(7)
of the IAA was intended to give effect to Art 9 of the Model Law so that the
court would have the power to grant interim measures to assist foreign
arbitrations. Prakash J rejected this argument on the ground that Art 9 is
permissive in nature and merely means that parties to international
arbitrations may apply to a domestic court for interim measures where the
court has power to grant such measures. Article 9 in itself does not make them
available. We will consider this issue in greater detail later.

**_Decision of Ang J in_ Front Carriers _on section 12(7) of the IAA_**

26 In _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_), Ang J disagreed with Prakash J on the
effect of s 12(7). She held that the section confers power on the court to
grant interim orders, including a Mareva injunction, in aid of foreign
arbitrations. She gave the following reasons:

(a) Section 12(7) gives effect to Art 9 of the Model Law which preserves the
right of the parties to the court’s jurisdiction to grant interim measures in
support of arbitration proceedings.

(b) The first qualifier is wide enough to include international arbitrations
conducted in Singapore and abroad, “ _with the qualification that the curial
support for arbitral proceedings abroad is confined to court-ordered interim
measures_ ” (at [22]).

(c) Order 69A r 4(1) also supports this interpretation.

Ang J did not explain why she made the qualification (italicised in (b) above)
to the first qualifier. It would appear to have been designed to limit the
application of s 12(1) itself. As we shall see at [54] below, the added
qualification has great significance in determining the legislative intent
behind s 12(7). Ang J also stated (at [18]) that s 12(7) enables the court to
make for the purpose of and in relation to foreign arbitration, orders
regarding those matters (like those under ss 12(1)(_g_), 12(1)(_h_) and
12(1)(_i_)) which it could have made _if the matter referred to arbitration
had been tried as a court action_. Again, the italicised words are significant
in that, as we shall see, they show a misapprehension on the part of the judge
in the way that s 12(7) should be applied: see [60] to [61] below.

27 Ang J found support for her interpretation of s 12(7) in the following
decisions: _Econ Corporation International Limited v Ballast-Nedam
International BV_ [2003] 2 SLR 15 (“ _Econ_ ”) at [13], _Coop International
Pte Ltd v Ebel SA_ [1998] 3 SLR 670 (“ _Coop_ ”) at [135] and _Garuda_ ([11]
_supra_).

28 Putting aside these decisions for the moment, it is plain that Ang J’s
decision really rests on a plain reading of s 12(7). Beyond this, we are not
able to discover any other justification for her reading of s 12(7). Before we
examine this central point of dispute between the two judges, we would like
first to dispose of two preliminary issues. The first is the case law and the
second is the effect, if any, of Art 9 of the Model Law on s 12(7) of the IAA.

**_The authority of_ Econ _,_ Coop _and_ Garuda**

29 In _Front Carriers_ , Ang J regarded _Econ_ as having decided that s 12(7)
of the IAA confers on the court power to grant interim relief under s
12(1)(_g_) in aid of a foreign arbitration. In that case, Lai Kew Chai J
granted an interlocutory injunction restraining the defendants from calling on
a performance bond pending arbitration between the parties on the substantive
claim in India. However, as Ang J herself noted, this issue was not
controverted but assumed in that case. Nevertheless, she believed that the
jurisdictional bases must have been clear enough to Lai J for him to have made
so affirmative a pronouncement of the court’s power. We are aware that Lai J
had vast experience in this area of the law (he delivered the first written
judgment on the Mareva injunction in Singapore in _Art Trend Ltd v Blue
Dolphin (Pte) Ltd_ [1982-1983] SLR 362). We must assume that he would not have
granted the injunction in _Econ_ without some degree of appreciation of the
scope of s 12(7). Nevertheless, in our view, the absence of any argument on
the scope of 12(7) in _Econ_ detracts from its persuasiveness as an authority
on the effect of s 12(7). Counsel for Magnifica has attempted to distinguish
_Econ_ on the ground that the relief granted in that case was not a Mareva
injunction. We do not consider the distinction valid since the injunction
granted in that case was also a form of interim measure covered by s
12(1)(_i_).

30 As for _Coop_ and _Garuda,_ our view is that both decisions have nothing
relevant to say about s 12(7) on Mareva interlocutory relief that requires our
consideration. They are therefore not relevant to this appeal.

**_Article 9 of the Model Law_**

31 In her grounds of decision, Ang J appears to have placed undue emphasis on
the effect of Art 9 of the Model Law on the meaning of s 12(7) of the IAA,
although, at the same time, she only went so far as to state that Art 9
“preserves” the interim measures jurisdiction for the domestic courts. She did
not rule that Art 9 confers jurisdiction to grant interim measures. Similarly,
Prakash J regarded it merely as permissive in nature. We do not think there is
any difference in substance between the views of the two judges. However, it
is useful to examine the text of Art 9. It reads:

_Arbitration agreement and interim measures by court_

It is not incompatible with an arbitration agreement for a party to request,
before or during arbitral proceedings, from a court an interim measure of
protection and for a court to grant such measure.

Counsel for Magnifica has helpfully provided us with a vast amount of
preparatory references and writings on the genesis of Art 9 of the Model Law,
including the working papers of the UNCITRAL Model Law Working Group and
related academic commentaries. These materials show that Art 9 was not
intended to confer jurisdiction but to declare the compatibility between
resolving a dispute through arbitration and at the same time seeking
assistance from the court for interim protection orders. In its “Report of the
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its
eighteenth session” at paras 96 and 169, UN Doc A/40/17, reprinted in [1985]
YB of UNCITRAL, vol XVI, UNCITRAL reported as follows:

96\. … It was understood that article 9 itself did not regulate which interim
measures of protection were available to a party. It merely expressed the
principle that a request for any court measure _available_ under a given legal
system and the granting of such measure by a court of “this State” was
compatible with the fact that the parties had agreed to settle their dispute
by arbitration. [96]

…

169\. … It was noted … that article 9 … did not regulate _whether and to what
extent_ court measures were available under a given legal system but only
expressed the principle that any request for, and the granting of, such
imterim measure, _if available in a legal system_ , was not incompatible with
the fact that the parties has agreed to settle their dispute outside the
courts by arbitration. [emphasis added]

32 These observations on Art 9 are reflected in “Analytical commentary on
draft text of a model law on international commercial arbitration: report of
the Secretary-General”, UN Comm on International Trade Law, 18th Sess, UN Doc
A/CN.9/264 (25 March 1985), reprinted in [1985] YB of UNCITRAL, vol XVI, as
follows:

1\. Article 9 relates - like article 8 – to recognition and effect of the
arbitration agreement but in another respect. It lays down the principle,
disputed in some jurisdictions, that resort to a court and subsequent court
action with regard to interim measures of protection are compatible with an
arbitration agreement. It, thus, makes it clear that the “negative” effect of
an arbitration agreement, which is to exclude court jurisdiction, does not
operate with regard to such interim measures. The main reason is that the
availability of such measures is not contrary to the intentions of parties
agreeing to submit a dispute to arbitration and that the measures themselves
are conducive to making the arbitration efficient and to securing its expected
results.

2\. Article 9 expresses the principle of compatibility in two directions with
different scope of application. According to the first part of the provision,
a request by a party for any such court measures is not incompatible with the
arbitration agreement, i.e. neither prohibited nor to be regarded as a waiver
of the agreement. This part of the rule applies irrespective of whether the
request is made to a court of State X or of any other country. Wherever it may
be made, it may not be invoked or treated as an objection against, or
disregard of, a valid arbitration agreement under “this Law”, i.e. in
arbitration cases falling within its territorial scope of application or in
the context of articles 8 and 36.

3\. However, the second part of the provision is addressed only to the courts
of State X and declares their measures to be compatible with an arbitration
agreement irrespective of the place of arbitration. Assuming wide adherence to
the model law, these two parts of the provision would supplement each other
and go a long way towards global recognition of the principle of
compatibility, which, in the context of the 1958 New York Convention, has not
been uniformly accepted.

33 The purpose of Art 9 is clear. It is to declare the compatibility between
arbitrating the substantive dispute and seeking assistance from the courts for
interim protective measures. For this reason, Art 9 can have no bearing on the
meaning and effect of a domestic law providing for interim measures, such as s
12(7) of the IAA. It can neither subtract nor add to the meaning and effect of
s 12(7) which has to be determined by reference to its own language and
structure, as well as any other relevant extrinsic matters. We will now
examine these matters.

34 As we have stated earlier, the two judges disagree on the scope of s 12(7).
Prakash J was not persuaded that it was intended to assist foreign
arbitration. Ang J was convinced that it was so intended as there is nothing
in s 5(2) of the IAA which limits the definition of “international
arbitration” to arbitrations with their seat of arbitration in Singapore. We
will now examine the respective merits of the two interpretations and set out
our own judgment on these matters.

**The purpose of the IAA – why, when and how section 12(7) was enacted**

35 In our view, the key to unlocking the true meaning of s 12(7) is to examine
the history of why, when and how s 12(7) came to be enacted. Prakash J has
alluded to this point in her judgment, but she did not elaborate on or pursue
it. Counsel for Magnifica has provided us a great deal of preparatory and
legislative materials to guide us in this search. The first noteworthy point
is that sub-s (7) (then sub-s (6)), when it was enacted, was inserted as the
last subsection of s 12. Unlike the preceding sub-ss (1) to (5), sub-s (7) was
not part of the original s 12. In our opinion, this is a significant factor in
the search of its original intent. We have mentioned earlier that the original
Bill was submitted to the LRC for its consideration, and later revised by the
inclusion of, _inter alia_ , s 12(7) (then s 12(6)). The Committee has
provided an explanatory note on the revisions called “Supplementary Note on
Bill” (“the Note”). The Note highlighted three main changes to the original
Bill, one of which was the inclusion of sub-s (7). Paragraph 4(c) of the Note
provides the explanation for the inclusion as follows:

[A] new clause 12(6) [now s 12(7)] is added _to make clear_ the High Court’s
power to grant curial assistance. This was intended _to avoid any doubt_ that
the High Court has power to issue interlocutory orders in respect of
international arbitrations. [emphasis added]

**_Meaning and implications of paragraph 4(c) of the Note_**

36 The quoted words from para 4(c) seem rather confusing. The second part of
the quotation appears to suggest that the new cl 12(6) was inserted _ex
abundanti cautela_ to avoid any doubt that the court already possessed the
power to issue interlocutory orders with respect to international
arbitrations. The Note apparently misled counsel for Magnifica into arguing
before the judge that s 12(7) was merely declaratory of the existing power of
the court. Prakash J corrected this submission ([1] _supra_ at [42]) where she
held that s 12(7) is an enabling provision giving powers to the High Court to
assist international arbitrations, powers which, hitherto, it never had. To
her mind, the more important question was the extent of the court’s power
under s 12(7), _ie,_ whether it extends to all international arbitrations,
including foreign arbitrations or to a limited category of Singapore
international arbitrations.

37 In our view, para 4(c) of the Note is inaptly phrased and was probably
intended to say the opposite: that hitherto the High Court did not have any
power to grant interim measures to assist international arbitrations, and that
s 12(7) was being inserted to make clear that it would have such power and to
avoid any doubt that the High Court did not have such power. Confirmation of
this intended meaning is found in para 5, read with para 4, of the
introduction to the Report with the heading “Summary of Recommendations”
(“Summary”). Paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Summary read:

4\. The powers of arbitrators conferred under the Model Law should be
expanded.

5\. The assistance of the Courts should be available to enforce interim orders
and/or directions made by arbitrators under the Model Law.

38 Further confirmation of the intended meaning is found in the Report at
paras 30 and 31 under the title of “Powers of Arbitrators and Curial Support”.
These two paragraphs explain clearly why s 12(7) was inserted. They read as
follows:

30 Arbitrators derived their powers and duties from a combination of agreement
and status. An arbitration agreement between two parties becomes trilateral
once the arbitrator is appointed. In as much as each party submits to his
directions and agrees to be bound by his judgment of the matters in dispute,
the arbitrator is also bound to each of the parties to undertake the reference
as agreed. An arbitrator’s duties thus flow from the conjunction of contract
and status of a quasi-judicial adjudicator. The Arbitration Act however gives
very limited powers to arbitrators. It is generally accepted that an
arbitrator has the power to give directions for the general conduct of the
arbitration on matters such as exchange of pleadings, determination of
preliminary issues, the use of expert witnesses and fixing hearing dates. Such
powers are necessarily implied in the agreement to arbitrate and parties
generally would not disagree to their exercise by the arbitrator. The limited
statutory powers of arbitrators have, however, been a cause of some concern.
There is no authority for the assertion that an arbitrator has inherent
procedural powers at common law independently of statute, like those of a
Court.

31 _To enable the proper functioning of international arbitrations in
Singapore the Committee is of the view that arbitral powers given by statute
must be substantially increased_. In this respect, the Model Law provisions
should be expanded to include the powers set out in the UNCITRAL Rules, SIAC
Rules and such other powers **_as a Court should have_** , such as:

(a) orders for preservation, interim custody or sale of any property which are
the subject matter of the dispute;

(b) orders for securing the amount in dispute;

(c) orders for ensuring that any award which may be made in the arbitration
proceedings is not rendered ineffectual by the dissipation of assets by the
other party; and

(d) interim injunctions or other interim orders.

Such powers should be made concurrently by the arbitral tribunal and _**(to
the extent that curial intervention is allowed in respect of international
arbitrations)**_ by the Court, the liberty being given to either party to
choose to make such applications to the Court or the arbitral tribunal as that
party deems expedient.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

39 The contents of para 31 of the Report which are summarised in paras 4 and 5
of the Summary set out the reasons why more powers should be given to arbitral
tribunals and to the courts to grant interim measures. First, the giving of
such powers will enable _the proper functioning of international arbitrations
in Singapore,_ and not elsewhere. Secondly, the powers are to be _concurrently
exercisable_ by the courts, so that parties to such arbitrations may choose to
seek assistance from an arbitral tribunal or from the court, as they deem
expedient. The choice is given only to parties who are arbitrating before an
arbitral tribunal in Singapore. Thirdly, the power of the court to grant
curial assistance is expressed to be limited “ _to the extent that curial
intervention is allowed in respect of international arbitrations_ ” [emphasis
added]. It is arguable that the italicised words are intended to limit the
court’s power to arbitrations where they could be legitimately exercised, and
not, for instance, extraterritorially or in arbitral proceedings subject to
foreign law as it would intrude into the powers of foreign arbitral tribunals
or where its exercise would interfere with the rights of the parties under
their own arbitration agreements.

40 In our view, the strongest argument against relying on the preparatory and
legislative materials to restrict the meaning of s 12(7) is that it does not
answer the critical question on which the entire case of Swift-Fortune rests,
_ie_ , if s 12(7) is not intended to apply to foreign arbitrations, why does
it expressly refer to “an arbitration to which _this Part_ applies” [emphasis
added], and not, for example, “an arbitration to which _this section_
applies”? The use of the latter phrase would have put the matter beyond any
doubt. Could this be a case of careless or simply bad drafting? In the
sections following, we will examine five arguments that we consider relevant
to answer both the issue of draftsmanship and of the scope of s 12(7). They
are set out _seriatim_ below, but not in the order of persuasiveness.

_Argument from legislative history_

41 We have examined in [35] to [39] above, the circumstances leading to the
enactment of s 12(7) of the IAA. Its intention was, in the Committee’s words,
to enable the court, “to enforce interim orders and/or directions made by
arbitrators under the Model Law” (see para 5 of the Summary). The Committee’s
intention was not to give more powers to the court to grant interim orders to
assist foreign arbitrations, but to assist international arbitrations
conducted by arbitral tribunals in Pt II of the IAA. The critical question is,
as we have pointed out, whether in drafting s 12(7), the draftsman had decided
to extend its scope beyond the original intention. In our view, even if he did
not, then this argument, by itself, may not be sufficient to detract from the
plain meaning of s 12(7).

_Argument from adaptation of section 12(7) of the IAA from section 21(7) of
the AA_

42 Part II of the IAA applies to “international arbitrations” as defined in s
5(2). This clause was included in the original Bill. The function of s 5(2)
was then to define the types of international arbitrations that would fall to
be regulated by the other provisions in Pt II of the Bill, _viz_ , ss 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, 11 and 12. However, when the Committee implemented para 31 of the
Report to give powers to the court concurrent with those given to arbitral
tribunals under s 12(1), it had to draft a suitable clause to do it. Not
unexpectedly, the Committee adapted s 27(1) of the AA ([23] _supra_) for this
purpose. This provision was modified and enacted as s 12(7) of the IAA. Let us
see how the Committee modified this provision from the AA (which, it should be
mentioned, is applicable only to domestic arbitrations).

43 Section 27(1) of the AA reads:

The court shall have, for the purpose of and _in relation to a reference_ ,
the same power of making orders in respect of any of the matters set out in
the Second Schedule as it has for the purpose of and in relation to an action
or matter in the court: … [emphasis added]

The phrase “a reference” in s 27(1) of the AA means a reference to the
arbitrator under the AA. No ambiguity arises from the use of that phrase in s
27(1) of the AA. However, in the context of the IAA, the only reference that
is relevant for the purpose of the IAA would be a reference to the arbitral
tribunal under Pt II of the IAA. Pursuing this line of reasoning, it would
therefore be natural for the Committee to use the phrase “an arbitration to
which Part II applies” (“the replacement phrase”) in s 12(7) as a substitute
for and to equate it with the original phrase “a reference” in s 27(1) of the
AA, for the purpose of giving concurrent powers to the court. In our view,
this is a reasonable and acceptable explanation for the meaning of the
replacement phrase. That this was the intention of the Committee in using the
replacement phrase is also consistent with the new clause (6) (sub-s (7))
being placed in a provision, _viz_ , s 12, that deals exclusively with the
powers of arbitral tribunals conducting international arbitrations in
Singapore. In our view, the placement of sub-s (7) in s 12 of the IAA raises a
legitimate question why, if sub-s (7) was not intended to apply only to
arbitral tribunals, it was not enacted as an independent provision to avoid
any ambiguity that might arise as to its intent. Again, in our view, this
argument, by itself, may not be a sufficient answer to the plain meaning of s
12(7).

_Argument from placement_

44 Prakash J gave considerable weight to the placement of s 12(7) as an
indication of Parliament’s intention for it not to apply to foreign
arbitrations. As ss 12(1) to 12(6) deal only with the powers of arbitral
tribunals under Pt II of the Act, it would be incongruous for s 12(7) to
travel outside the limits of the preceding subsections. In her view,
construing s 12(7) to give the court concurrent powers would go far beyond its
stated purpose of reinforcing the procedural orders given by arbitral
tribunals under s 12(1). In our view, this is a reasonable conclusion in the
light of one other consideration that Prakash J had already stated, _viz_ , in
her own words ([1] _supra_ at [49]):

If Parliament had intended to effect such a far-reaching change in the law as
would allow our courts to make orders to assist foreign arbitrations
_notwithstanding that they would still be powerless to aid foreign court
proceedings_ , the legislation would have been clearly worded to effect such a
drastic change and it would not be necessary to imply it from the use of the
words “[an arbitration] to which this Part applies” or from the fact that Art
9 of the Model Law envisages that courts may make such orders. [emphasis
added]

In other words, she considered it most unlikely, in the absence of clear
words, that Parliament would have given the courts power to assist foreign
arbitrations when Parliament had yet to give the court power to assist foreign
_court_ proceedings. We should mention, at this juncture, that Ang J disagreed
with the premise of this argument. In _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_), she
ruled that under s 4(10) of the CLA the court does have power to grant
interlocutory orders to assist foreign court proceedings provided the court
has personal jurisdiction over the defendant in respect of a justiciable cause
of action in a Singapore court. Hence, the force of the argument in this
section depends on whether Prakash J or Ang J is correct in law. This point
will be examined later.

_The argument from extraterritoriality_

45 When analysing the content of ss 12(1)(_a_) to 12(1)(_j_), Prakash J also
questioned whether Parliament had intended Singapore courts to be able to do
such things as order security for costs (s 12(1)(_a_)) or make orders either
for discovery of documents (s 12(1)(_b_)) or for the preservation and interim
custody of evidence (s 12(1)((_d_)) to assist foreign arbitrations. She
considered that applying the powers in ss 12(1)(_a_) to 12(1)(_i_) to foreign
arbitrations would amount to legislating extraterritorially, which, in her
view, “the Singapore legislature has no power” to do. For this reason, she
ruled that an arbitration agreement that is “international” as defined in s
5(2) of the IAA carries with it the implication that it refers to an
international arbitration with its seat in Singapore. In other words, the
definition must be read down to ensure that it does not have extraterritorial
application. She also observed that Parliament did not appear to have
considered the possible extraterritorial ramifications of s 12(7), read with s
5(2): the debate in Parliament was focused entirely on promoting international
arbitration in Singapore and no mention was made on the subject of assisting
foreign arbitrations.

46 In our view, Prakash J’s refusal to attribute to Parliament an intention to
effect such a radical change in the law is understandable. However, we should
note that her statement that Parliament has no power to make rules relating to
foreign arbitrations is incorrect as a matter of constitutional law. What she
probably meant to say was that a court has no power to make orders against
persons outside its territorial jurisdiction unless authorised by statute,
_ie_ , that there is no inherent extraterritorial jurisdiction: see Lord
Mustill in _Mercedes Benz AG v Leiduck_ [1996] 1 AC 284 at 297. But that does
not detract from her central point that, unless provided otherwise, Singapore
law has no extraterritorial application. In _Holmes v Bangladesh Biman
Corporation_ [1989] 1 AC 1112, Lord Griffiths said, at 1137–1138:

The basis of the rule that statutes do not have extraterritorial effect is the
presumption that our own Parliament will not seek to intervene in matters that
are legitimately the concern of another country. Countries respect one
another’s sovereignty and the right of each country to legislate for matters
within their own boundaries.

However, we are of the view that this argument in the way it has been
expressed may not by itself, be sufficient to prevail over the plain meaning
of s 12(7).

47 In our view, this argument in favour of giving effect to the plain meaning
of s 12(7) of the IAA would have taken on a different complexion if s 12(7) of
the IAA were concerned solely with the power of the court to grant interim
measures and nothing more. In that situation, s 12(7) may be said to operate
only intra-territorially and would not intrude into the powers of the foreign
arbitral tribunal (which would be the legitimate concern of the relevant
foreign state). As explained by Lord Mustill in _Channel Tunnel Group Ltd v
Balfour Betty Construction Ltd_ [1993] AC 334 (“ _Channel Tunnel_ ”) at 365:

The purpose of interim measures of protection … is not to encroach on the
procedural powers of the arbitrators but to reinforce them, and to render more
effective the decision at which the arbitrators will ultimately arrive at on
the substance of the dispute.

In such a situation, there should be no reason for a foreign state to object
to s 12(7) providing assistance to international arbitrations conducted in its
territory. However, serious objections would arise if s 12(7) has a greater
reach than merely provide non-intrusive assistance to foreign arbitration. We
consider this argument next.

_Argument against interfering with rights of parties and intruding into powers
of foreign arbitral tribunals_

48 Prakash J alluded to this issue in her grounds of decision where she
questioned whether Parliament had intended for Singapore courts to intervene
in foreign arbitrations with respect to its powers in ss 12(1)(_a_) to
12(1)(_i_). However, she did not pursue this question further. The nature of
this objection can be appreciated if we posit a scenario in which Swift-
Fortune had applied under s 12(7) for an order that the parties give evidence
by affidavits or that Magnifica give full discovery of documents or answer
interrogatories pursuant to s 12(1) of the IAA. On Swift-Fortune’s
interpretation of s 12(7), the court would have power to make such orders.
This result has two implications. First, it will mean that these statutory
powers have been impliedly incorporated into the arbitration agreement between
the parties, whether or not they had agreed to them. Secondly, the exercise of
such powers may cut across or intrude into the powers of the foreign arbitral
tribunal conducting the arbitration under a foreign law. Given these
implications, the question that naturally arises is whether Parliament
intended s 12(7) to have this effect.

49 A similar issue arose in _Channel Tunnel_ in connection with s 12(6)(h) of
the 1950 Act ([23] _supra_)_._ The appellants made two arguments that an
English court had the power to grant an interim injunction in aid of an
arbitration in Belgium under that provision. Lord Mustill dealt with the first
argument as follows, at 357–360:

The main problem with the claim based on s 12(6)(_h_) is to decide whether
this provision has any application at all to an arbitration agreement of the
type contained in clause 67 of the construction contract. The respondents say
that it has none, because the clause contemplates a foreign arbitration, which
is outside the scope of this particular part of the Act of 1950.

…

… In my opinion, when deciding whether a statutory or other power is capable
of being exercised by the English court in relation to clause 67, and if it is
so capable whether it should in fact be exercised, the court should bear
constantly in mind that English law, like French law, is a stranger to this
Belgian arbitration, and that the respondents are not before the English court
by choice. In such a situation the court should be very caution in its
approach both to the existence and to the exercise of supervisory and
supportive measures, _lest it cut across the grain of the chosen curial law._

Thus, in the present instance I believe that we should approach section 12 of
the Act of 1950 by asking: can Parliament have intended that the power to
grant an interim injunction should be exercised in respect of an arbitration
conducted abroad under a law which is not the law of England? For an answer to
this question one must look to the origins of s 12, which lie in section 2 of
the Arbitration Act 1889. This provided:

2\. A submission, unless a contrary intention is expressed therein, shall be
deemed to include the provisions set forth in the First Schedule to this Act …

The Schedule comprised a list of nine statutory implied terms. Two of these
(paragraphs (_a_) and (_b_)) related to the constitution of the arbitral
tribunal. Those imposed by paragraphs (_c_), (_d_) and (_e_) were concerned
with the time for making the award. Paragraph (_f_) dealt compendiously with
the examination of the parties on oath, with production of documents, and with
the general duty to ‘do all other things which during the proceedings on the
reference the arbitrators or umpire may require.’ Paragraph (_g_) empowered
the arbitrators to examine on oath witnesses other than the parties. Paragraph
(_h_) stipulated that the award was to be final and binding, and paragraph
(_i_) empowered the arbitrators to make orders for costs, and to tax or settle
the amount of costs.

It seems to be absolutely plain for two reasons that Parliament cannot have
intended these provisions to apply to a foreign arbitration. The first reason
is that the chosen mechanism was to make these provisions into implied terms
of the arbitration agreement, and such terms could not sensibly be
incorporated into an agreement governed by foreign domestic arbitration law
_to whose provisions they might well be antithetical_ : see, for example, the
provisions concerning the administration of oaths, discovery and orders for
costs.

Secondly, section 2 of the Act of 1889, unlike section 12 of the Act of 1950,
was concerned exclusively with the internal conduct of the arbitration, and
not at all with any external powers of the court. I can see no reason why
Parliament should have had the least concern to regulate the conduct of an
arbitration carried on abroad pursuant to a foreign arbitral law. …

When we turn to the Act of 1934, which introduced a miscellaneous series of
amendments, we find that the list of statutory implied terms relating to the
powers of arbitrators, contained in the Schedule to the Act of 1889, was
enlarged by the addition of the powers to order specific performance and to
make an interim award. In addition, section 8(1) provided that in relation to
the matters set out in this Schedule to the Act of 1934:

(1) The Court shall have, for the purpose of and in relation to a reference,
the same power of making orders … as it has for the purpose of and in relation
to an action or matter in the court …

The powers listed in the Schedule were the same as those now set out in
section 12(6) of the Act of 1950. Quite plainly the reference to ‘the court’
was to an English court, and when one looks at the items on the list (such as
the ordering of discovery and interrogatories) it is easy to see that they
were concerned with powers which the English court would never at that time
even have thought of exercising in relation to actions in a foreign court.
_This being so, I can see no reason why the legislature should have wished to
make the powers available to the court in respect of a [sic] foreign
arbitrations. Indeed it appears from paragraphs 30 and 31 of the MacKinnon
committee’s report that notwithstanding the width of its terms of reference
the committee chose not to deal with foreign arbitrations._

… The Act of 1950 was a consolidating statute which merely rearranged and in
some instances reworded the existing legislation, and it cannot have had the
effect of enlarging the categories of arbitration to which the former
legislation applied. _In these circumstances I consider that none of the terms
of the Act of 1950, of which the provisions cited from the Acts of 1889 and
1934 were the precursors, apply to foreign arbitrations and that since these
include section 12(6), the power conferred by section 12(6)(_ h _) to grant an
interim injunction is not available to the court in respect of foreign
arbitrations such as the present._

[emphasis added]

50 The second argument was in relation to the long-established principle
endorsed by Lord Diplock in _Bremer Vulkan Schiffbau und Maschinenfabrik v
South India Shipping Corporation Ltd_ [1981] AC 909 that an English court had
no supervisory power over the conduct of arbitration proceedings more
extensive than the powers conferred by the powers of the Arbitration Acts. The
appellants had argued that this principle applied in that case. Lord Mustill
rejected this argument for two reasons, one of which was as follows ([47]
_supra_ at 364):

Secondly, the injunction claimed in _Bremer Vulkan_ would have involved a
direct interference by the court in the arbitral process, and thus an
infringement of the parties’ agreement that the conduct of the dispute should
be entrusted to the arbitrators alone, subject only to the limited degree of
judicial control implicit in the choice of English law, and hence of English
statute law, as part of the curial law of contract. The purpose of interim
measures of protection, by contrast, is not to encroach on the procedural
powers of the arbitrators but to reinforce them, and to render more effective
the decision at which the arbitrators will ultimately arrive on the substance
of the dispute. _Provided that this and no more is what such measures aim to
do, there is nothing in them contrary to the spirit of international
arbitration_. [emphasis added]

51 We have cited Lord Mustill’s speech _in extenso_ because his reasoning on
the inapplicability of s 12(6) of the 1950 Act to foreign arbitrations applies
equally to s 12(7) of the IAA. It may be recalled that s 12(7) was adapted
from s 12(6) of the AA (which itself was adapted from s 12(6) of the 1950
Act). We highlight the following similarities between the effect of s 12(6) of
the 1950 Act and s 12(7) of the IAA, and some additional points pertinent to
the object of the IAA:

(a) If s 12(7) is given a plain meaning, ss 12(1)(_a_) to 12(1)(_i_) would
become statutorily implied terms in all foreign arbitration agreements.

(b) Some such terms (_eg_ , the ordering of discovery or interrogatories or
security for costs) may be antithetical to the curial law chosen by the
parties.

(c) Any such orders granted by a Singapore court on these matters may cut
across the grain of the chosen curial law and interfere with the powers of the
foreign arbitral tribunal.

52 Having regard to these considerations, it is clear that if a literal
interpretation is given to the phrase “an arbitration to which Part II
applies” in s 12(7), that phrase would allow the courts to exercise powers
that would be contrary to the spirit of international arbitrations. On the
other hand, if s 12(7) is read to apply to Singapore international
arbitrations only, these difficulties would not arise. This, in our view, is a
compelling reason for concluding that Parliament could not have intended s
12(7) to apply s 12(1) to foreign arbitrations.

53 Counsel for Swift-Fortune, in support of his plain meaning argument, has
also relied strongly on Lord Mustill’s statement in the passage we have cited
earlier from _Channel Tunnel_ (at [47] above) that there can be no objection
in principle to the English courts granting interim protective orders, such as
a Mareva injunction, to assist foreign arbitrations which do not intrude upon
the powers of foreign arbitrators or the foreign arbitration itself. A Mareva
injunction merely enhances the efficacy of foreign arbitrations and does not
regulate, restrict, stifle or otherwise control the conduct of the foreign
arbitration. Ang J also referred to Lord Mustill’s reasoning in reaching the
same conclusion: see _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_) at [27]. However, this
argument ignores the critical proviso to Lord Mustill’s statement at 365, _ie_
:

Provided that this and no more is what such measures aim to do, there is
nothing in them contrary to the spirit of international arbitration.

54 In our view, the proviso cuts the ground under Swift-Fortune’s case as a
plain reading of s 12(7) of the IAA would also give power to the court to
grant any of the orders and reliefs mentioned in s 12(1) to any party to an
international arbitration. It is true that Swift-Fortune is only seeking a
Mareva injunction under s 12(1)(_i_) read with s 12(7). But if s 12(7) allows
this, it must also allow the court to grant the other orders or reliefs in s
12(1). We do not think that Parliament could have intended s 12(7) to have
such an exorbitant reach by the use of the inaptly drafted phrase “an
arbitration to which this Part applies”. If s 12(7) were applicable only to or
could be read only to apply to the power in s 12(1)(_i_) the appellant might
have a stronger card on its hands. Ang J appears to recognise this weakness in
her reasoning as is evident from the limitation she placed on the kind of
measures the court may grant under s 12(7): see _Front Carriers_ at [26]. But
this is not possible. As matters stand, Swift-Fortune’s interpretation of s
12(7) leaves it holding too many bad cards. The argument is ultimately self-
defeating in over-reaching itself.

55 Finally, apart from the intrusive effect that s 12(7) would have were it
given a plain meaning, we would still have great difficulty in accepting an
argument that implies that Parliament had enacted s 12(7) with the intention
of permitting the courts to become universal providers of procedural orders
and reliefs to assist all anticipated or ongoing international arbitrations
(as defined in s 5(2) of the IAA) in any country in of the world, whether or
not they are Model Law states or signatories to the New York Convention.

**_Sections 6 and 7 of the IAA_**

56 Counsel for Swift-Fortune has also contended that since ss 6 and 7 of the
IAA (which are in Pt II) apply to all international arbitrations as defined in
s 5(2) of the IAA, Pt II would be internally inconsistent unless s 12(7) is
read to apply to all international arbitrations. Such a result should be
avoided, and this can be done if the provisions were read harmoniously.
Magnifica’s response, _a contrario,_ is that ss 6 and 7 are exceptional
provisions designed to cater to two specific situations as recommended by the
Committee. It is further argued that ss 6 and 7 are consistent with s 12(7)
applying only to Singapore international arbitrations as the claimant to whom
s 6 or s 7 applies would have submitted to the jurisdiction of the court by
invoking its jurisdiction, and thereby enabling the court to exercise the
powers specifically prescribed in those provisions. With respect to this
issue, Prakash J said ([1] _supra_ at [45]):

First, both sections contemplate a situation in which the parties initiating
the proceedings concerned have validly invoked the court’s jurisdiction in
respect of a substantive dispute that is amenable to the jurisdiction, and
therefore, had the application for a stay not been requested, the court could
have gone on to deal with the merits of the dispute and enter a final judgment
in respect of the same. Such final judgment would have an impact on the
property referred to in s 6(3) or the arrested vessel mentioned in s 7(1).
Thus, it is not unreasonable to give the court power to make its stay
conditional on terms relating to such property or vessel. Secondly, in
relation to s 7(1) itself, it bears mentioning that this was the result of a
specific recommendation of the Committee. It considered that provision should
be made to allow ships arrested under the High Court’s admiralty jurisdiction
to be used as security pending foreign arbitrations. …There is nothing in the
Committee’s report to indicate that in making this recommendation, it was
considering giving the court power to issue a Mareva injunction against assets
in Singapore to support a foreign arbitration.

57 Ang J’s view on ss 6 and 7 is that both are reconcilable with s 12(7)
applying to foreign arbitration and that the purpose of s 7 is to do away with
the _Rena K_ test (_The Rena K_ [1979] QB 377: see _Front Carriers_ [4]
_supra_ at [28]). With respect, we are not persuaded that the existence of ss
6 and 7 supports Swift-Fortune’s argument. In our view, s 12(7) is consistent
with ss 6 and 7 only because, whatever its purpose may be, it does not deal
with the situations that ss 6 and 7 deal with. Section 12(1) does not deal
with a stay of proceedings to enable the dispute to be referred to arbitration
as s 12(1) itself is predicated on the existence of arbitral proceedings.
Furthermore, s 12(1) is not concerned with admiralty jurisdiction, which
belongs exclusively to the High Court. The Committee addressed this issue
specifically and recommended that ships arrested under the High Court’s
admiralty jurisdiction should be made available in aid of international
arbitration. We may add that if Swift-Fortune’s interpretation of s 12(7) is
correct, there would have been less concern on the part of the Committee on
the arrest of ships in Singapore waters as the court would have been able to
grant interim protective orders against the movement or disposal of the ship.
In other words, it is only because s 12(7) does not apply to foreign
arbitrations that it was necessary to enact s 7.

58 For the above reasons, we agree with Prakash J’s views on ss 6 and 7 of the
IAA. We should also point out that ss 6 and 7 were part of the original Bill
that was later amended with the inclusion of s 12(7). This shows that ss 6 and
7 were necessary provisions in the first instance and therefore the later
addition of s 12(7) cannot affect the reasons for including them in the
original Bill. It should also be noted that ss 6 and 7, by themselves, provide
all the interim relief that is necessary to protect the claims of the
claimants until the disposal of the substantive claims. It is not necessary to
resort to s 12(7) for any additional relief or measures to protect his claims
pending the disposal of the arbitral dispute. Hence, for this reason also, the
existence of ss 6 and 7 cannot affect the interpretation of s 12(7) of the
IAA.

**The decision of this court on the scope of section 12(7) of the IAA**

59 In our view, the collective weight of the reasons given in [40] to [58]
above, but in particular the implications of the over-reaching argument of
counsel for Swift-Fortune, we agree with the decision of Prakash J and hold
that s 12(7) was not intended to apply to foreign arbitrations but only
Singapore international arbitrations. For this reason, s 12(7) does not give
power to the court to grant interim measures, including Mareva interlocutory
relief, to assist foreign arbitrations. But for another reason which is
discussed in [60] to [61] below, s 12(7) does not independently confer on the
court any power which it does not have in relation to a cause of action or
proceeding before it.

**What is the scope of section 12(7) of the IAA in relation to the court’s
power to grant interim measures?**

60 At this juncture, we would like to consider one other issue on
interpretation in connection with the second qualifier in the text of s 12(7)
of the IAA. Prakash J held that s 12(7) is an enabling and not a declaratory
provision, without determining what is being enabled. Ang J however ([4]
_supra_ at [18]) paraphrased s 12(7) to mean that the court has the power to
make for the purpose of and in relation to foreign arbitration orders those
matters (like those under ss 12(1)(_g_), 12(1)(_h_) and 12(1)(_i_)) which it
could have made _if the matter referred to arbitration had been tried as a
court action._ This meaning carries with it two implications: first, s 12(7)
is an independent source of statutory power for the court to grant the orders
or reliefs set out in s 12(1), and secondly, the arbitral dispute is to be
treated as if it were a cause of action being heard in a court of law. Is this
a correct paraphrase of the second qualifier in s 12(7)? This is not an
academic question. It is an important question because if Prakash J was wrong
on this point, it would have meant that even if Swift-Fortune were to succeed
on the interpretation issue regarding s 12(7), it would still have to cross
another hurdle.

61 It is necessary to take another look at s 12(7). It provides:

The High Court or a Judge thereof shall have, for the purpose of and in
relation to an arbitration to which this Part applies, the same power of
making orders in respect of any of the matters set out in subsection (1) _as
it has for the purpose of and in relation to an action or matter in the
court._ [emphasis added]

On the face of s 12(7), the meaning of the second qualifier (the italicised
words) does not seem to be that as paraphrased by Ang J. Section 12(7) does
not say that the arbitral dispute is to be treated as if it were a cause of
action before the court for the purpose of determining whether the court has
power to make orders in respect of the matters set out in s 12(1). What it
says is that the court’s power to make orders in respect of any of the matters
set out in sub-s (1) is the same as the court’s power to make orders in
relation to an action or matter in the court. In other words, what s 12(7)
says and means is that if a court has no power to grant interim measures in an
action or matter in court, it has no power in relation to an arbitration to
which Pt II applies. This means that s 12(7) does not independently confer any
power on the court in the same way that ss 12(1) to 12(6) independently confer
new powers on arbitral tribunals.

62 It follows that the court’s power under s 12(7) has to be found in another
statutory source. In the context of this case, that source can only be s 4(10)
of the CLA, read with s 18(1) of the SCJA. This means that for the purposes of
s 12(7) of the IAA, we must look to s 4(10) as the source of statutory power
for the court to grant interlocutory relief, including Mareva injunctions, in
aid of foreign proceedings. If the court has such power with respect to
foreign court proceedings, then it has similar power with respect to arbitral
proceedings governed by the IAA. We should add that this conclusion is also
consistent with the general understanding in 1994, _ie_ , the decision of the
House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ ([47] _supra_) that the _The Siskina_
doctrine contemplated that the substantive claim must not only be justiciable
in an English court but should also terminate in an English judgment: see
_Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_) at [38].

63 For the sake of completeness, we would mention that apart from s 4(10) of
the CLA, the only other source of statutory authority of the court’s power to
grant interlocutory relief in aid of arbitration proceedings is s 31 of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) read with s 4(10) of the CLA. Prior to
amendments made to the AA in 2002, s 31 was numbered s 27(1), which was the
source of s 12(7) of the IAA. As the AA applies only to domestic arbitrations,
it is irrelevant to this appeal. It is now necessary to examine the scope of s
4(10) of the CLA.

**Power under s 4(10) of CLA**

64 In respect of court proceedings, the source of the court’s power to grant
interlocutory injunctions is s 4(10) of the CLA ([2] _supra_). This provision
was originally enacted as s 2(8) of the Straits Settlements Ordinance No IV of
1878 (which itself was a re-enactment of s 25(8) of the Judicature Act of 1873
(36 & 37 Vic c 66) (“the English 1873 Act”). Subsequently, it was re-enacted
(and renumbered) as s 5(7) of the Civil Law Ordinance of 1909 (SS Ord No VIII
of 1909), and as s 4(8) of the Civil Law Ordinance of 1926 (SS Ord No 111, vol
3, 1926 Ed). It then read:

A mandamus or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed by an
interlocutory order of the Court, either unconditionally or upon such terms
and conditions as the Court thinks just, in all cases in which it appears to
the Court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

This section remained unchanged until 2005 when the expression “mandamus” was
replaced by the expression “mandatory order”, and the section renumbered as s
4(10). This provision gives power to the court to grant only interlocutory
injunctions. The power to grant final injunctions is found in para 14 of the
First Schedule to the SCJA.

65 There were no legal developments affecting the court’s power under s 4(10)
until the early 1980s when, in line with the decisions of English courts under
the equivalent English provision, our courts invoked s 4(10) as the statutory
source of power to grant Mareva injunctions in court proceedings: see _Art
Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd_ ([29] _supra_) at 366, [27], where Lai Kew
Chai J said:

Mareva injunctions have been issued by the High Court of Singapore for some
years now. They have been issued under s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 30).
The subsection in terms is equivalent to the former s 45 of the English
Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, since replaced and
expanded. The latter provision was the basis of an injunction, later known by
the sobriquet Mareva injunction, was for the first time granted in England in
May 1975: see Colin Ying, _The Mareva Injunction and Pre-trial Attachment_
[1981] 2 MLJ cvii.

In that passage, Lai J noted the correspondence between the Singapore and the
English provisions (the latter having been authoritatively interpreted in _The
Siskina_ ([4] _supra_))_._ In his article referred to in the quotation above,
Colin Ying has argued that s 4(10) allowed a Singapore court to grant Mareva
injunctions but subject to the prerequisites laid down by Lord Diplock in _The
Siskina._ One such requisite is that the court must have jurisdiction over the
substantive claim.

**_Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Engergy Trading Ltd_**

66 In _Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_), this court applied the principle in _The
Siskina_ that a court had no power to grant Mareva interlocutory relief unless
the defendant was “amenable to the jurisdiction of the court” in respect of a
substantive cause of action _._ In that case, the appellants had obtained an
arbitral award in Hong Kong against the respondents’ holding company
(“Pertamina”), an Indonesian company. The appellants obtained a garnishee
order against the respondents (“Petral”), a Hong Kong company, attaching the
debts owing by Petral to Pertamina. The appellants then discovered that
Petral’s wholly-owned Singapore subsidiary (“PES”) also owed money to Petral.
The appellants then obtained an _ex parte_ Mareva injunction against Petral
and PES and also leave of the court to serve the proceedings on them. They
applied to set aside the proceedings, including the Mareva injunctions.
Prakash J, accurately summarised the ratio of the case at [32] of her grounds
of decision ([1] _supra_):

In _Siskina v Distos Cia Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210 _,_ the English House of
Lords decided that a court could not (in the absence of express statutory
authority) grant Mareva interlocutory relief unless the defendant was
“amenable to the jurisdiction of the court” in respect of a substantive cause
of action. This principle was followed in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina
Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112, a Court of Appeal decision which held
that a Singapore court could not assume jurisdiction over a foreign defendant
simply because he had assets within the territorial jurisdiction that could be
the subject of an injunction order, and that in order to apply for Mareva
relief against such a defendant, the plaintiff has to possess an accrued right
of action in Singapore based on an existing legal or equitable right against
the foreign defendant. Thus, this court cannot grant Mareva relief in respect
of the Singapore assets of a foreign defendant if the only purpose of such
relief is to support foreign court proceedings.

Accordingly, this court set aside the proceedings and the Mareva injunctions:
(a) as against Petral, on the ground that there was no substantive claim
against Petral at all, whether in Singapore or Hong Kong; and (b) as against
PES, on the ground although the court had personal jurisdiction over PES,
there was no accrued cause of action in Singapore, or even in Hong Kong
against PES.

67 In _Karaha Bodas,_ the court did not have to consider the question whether
a Singapore court had the power to issue a Mareva injunction in aid of a
foreign arbitration. However, the court adverted to the issue with this
observation (at [45]):

There has been considerable debate on the extent to which this principle [that
the court had no jurisdiction to preserve assets within England in order to
support the plaintiff in a claim he was making in a foreign arbitration] _is
still in force._ [emphasis added]

The implication of this statement is that this court understood that there was
such a principle under English law.

68 In the present case, Prakash J was very much troubled by this point in
relation to Swift-Fortune’s argument that s 12(7) of the IAA has given such
jurisdiction to the court. She was sceptical of this argument as, in her view,
under existing law the court does not even have the power to grant such an
injunction in aid of foreign _court proceedings._ She found it difficult to
accept that Parliament could have intended s 12(7) of the IAA to have such a
wide application when at the same time the court was powerless to grant the
same relief to assist foreign court proceedings. However, it is not clear from
the grounds of decision in _Karaha Bodas_ that this court had also endorsed
this view, as on the facts before the court, this point also did not arise.

69 In _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_), Ang J took the view that she was not
bound by _Karaha Bodas,_ distinguishing it on the ground that there the court
was not asked to grant a Mareva injunction to support a foreign arbitration
(which had already been completed in Hong Kong), but the enforcement of the
arbitration award (which was in the nature of court proceedings). On first
impression, it would seem that the distinction cannot be supported in logic or
in law. If the court has no power to grant a Mareva injunction to support
foreign proceedings under s 4(10) of the CLA, _a fortiori_ it could not do so
in aid of foreign arbitration proceedings. However, a closer examination of
the facts in _Front Carriers_ shows that Ang J’s refusal to be bound by
_Karaha Bodas_ is justified by a critical difference of fact between the two
cases (which we have earlier pointed out in [6] above). In _Karaha Bodas,_ the
plaintiff did not have an accrued cause of action against the defendant that
was recognisable by a Singapore court. This is also the factual situation in
the present case where Swift-Fortune also did not have an accrued action
recognisable by a Singapore court. This factual difference would also explain
Prakash J’s observation about the powerlessness of the court to grant a Mareva
injunction under s 4(10) in the present case.

70 In contrast, in _Front Carriers,_ Ang J found as a fact that the plaintiff
had an accrued cause of action against the defendant that was subject to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore court. For this reason, Ang J was not wrong to
distinguish _Karaha Bodas_ on the ground that it was not concerned with a
foreign arbitration. It was therefore open to her to interpret s 4(10) of the
CLA in the light of the decision of the House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_
([47] _supra_)_._ In that case, the accrued cause of action was justiciable in
an English court but had been referred to arbitration in Brussels pursuant to
the underlying contract. In other words, the material facts in both cases are
similar. In _Channel Tunnel_ , the House of Lords held that the English court
had power under s 37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 (c 54) (UK) (“the
English 1981 Act”) (which corresponded to s 4(10) of the CLA) to grant Mareva
interlocutory relief to assist a foreign arbitration so long as it retained
some form of jurisdiction over the substantive claim. In a case where the
parties have agreed to refer the substantive dispute to foreign arbitration,
the retention of a _residual_ jurisdiction would be sufficient to enable the
court to exercise such power. It is on this basis that Ang J held that s 4(10)
of the CLA, read with Art 9 of the Model Law, conferred a general power on the
court to grant Mareva relief in support of foreign arbitration. We will come
back to this issue later (at [86]).

**_The House of Lords decision in_ Channel Tunnel**

71 Since this appeal is not an appeal against the decision of Ang J, it is not
really necessary for this court to consider further whether she was correct in
interpreting s 4(10) in the way she has done. But since we have heard
arguments from counsel for Swift-Fortune in support of her decision, we think
it is desirable to examine the decision in _Channel Tunnel_ for its effect on
_The Siskina_ doctrine.

_Overview of Mareva injunctions in England_

72 It is well known that it was the English Court of Appeal, and in particular
Lord Denning MR, who fashioned the Mareva injunction against foreign parties
out of the words of s 45(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)
Act 1925 (c 49) (UK) (“the English 1925 Act”). In the case that gave the name
to the injunction, _viz_ , _Mareva Compania Naviera SA v International
Bulkcarriers SA_ [1975] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 509, Lord Denning asserted that s 45 of
the English 1925 Act gave the court a wide general power to grant protective
injunctions. However, later decisions held that the predecessor of s 45, _viz_
, s 25(8) of the English 1873 Act did not confer any additional jurisdiction
on the court, and that that section dealt only with procedure and had nothing
to do with jurisdiction: see _Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers_ [1978]
AC 435 at 516. Doubts were also expressed as to the power of the English court
to grant Mareva injunctions against non-residents, and this led to the
enactment of s 37(3) of the English 1981 Act (which has no equivalent in
Singapore) to give the court express authority in this regard.

The Siskina _doctrine and subsequent developments in England_

73 __ In _The Siskina_ ([4] _supra_), the plaintiffs, who had no cause of
action against the defendants which was justiciable in England, but only an
arbitral claim outside England, issued a writ against the defendants and
applied for a Mareva injunction to restrain the defendants from remitting
abroad the proceeds of insurance held in England. The House of Lords refused
leave, holding that there was no jurisdiction to commence proceedings in
England, and that no leave could be granted under O 11 r 1(1)(_i_) to serve
the writ out of the jurisdiction unless the plaintiff had a substantive cause
of action against the defendant enforceable by an English court. With
reference to the power of the English court to grant injunctions, Lord
Diplock, after referring to s 45(1) of the English 1925 Act which provided as
follows:

The High Court may grant a mandamus or an injunction or appoint a receiver by
an interlocutory order in all cases in which it appears to the court to be
just or convenient so to do.

said (at 254):

That subsection, speaking as it does of interlocutory orders, presupposes the
existence of an action, actual or potential, _claiming substantive relief
which the High Court has jurisdiction to grant_ and to which the interlocutory
orders referred to are but ancillary. This factor has been present in all
previous cases in which _Mareva_ injunctions have been granted. [emphasis
added]

74 The doctrine in _The Siskina_ was subsequently followed and applied in many
English decisions and also widely followed in Commonwealth jurisdictions that
had imported s 45(1) of the English 1925 Act. It was generally accepted that a
court has no power to grant free-standing interlocutory relief brought in
proceedings claiming only that type of relief. The plaintiff must have a pre-
existing claim or right that is justiciable in an English court and the
defendant must be amenable to the jurisdiction of the court. However,
according to Steven Gee, _Gee on_ _Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
5th Ed, 2004) at p 21, the position in England in relation to free-standing
interlocutory relief has been eroded by a succession of developments. The
first is s 25 of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 (c 27) (UK)
(“the English 1982 Act”). This provision confers a statutory jurisdiction to
interlocutory relief including Mareva relief in aid of proceedings brought or
to be brought before a contracting state. The second is the decision in
_Channel Tunnel_ ([47] _supra_) in recognising that the court has jurisdiction
to grant interlocutory relief in substantive proceedings brought in England,
even though the proceedings were stayed to allow the claim to be resolved by
arbitration abroad. The third development is the enactment of the Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK), in which s 44 permitted the court to grant free-standing
Mareva relief in relation to arbitral proceedings wherever the seat of
arbitration is or even if no seat has been designated or determined. Finally,
in 1997 the Interim Relief Order (SI 1997/392) made under the English 1982 Act
empowers the court to grant interim relief under s 25(1) of the English 1982
Act in relation to “proceedings” regardless of where they are commenced. The
earlier difficulties relating to service outside the jurisdiction under O 11
were also resolved by a new rule permitting such service. Today there is no
longer any issue in England as regards the power of the court to grant free-
standing interlocutory relief, including Mareva injunctions to assist court
proceedings as well as foreign arbitrations.

_Effect of_ Channel Tunnel _on_ The Siskina

75 With this backdrop, it is now convenient to backtrack to consider what the
House of Lords decided in _Channel Tunnel_ ([47] _supra_)_._ In that case _,_
litigation arose out of a contract to build the Channel Tunnel. Disputes were
to be resolved by an arbitral tribunal sitting in Brussels. A dispute arose
and the builders (the defendants) threatened to stop work. The claimant
employers sought an interlocutory injunction under s 37(1) of the English 1981
Act (which replaced, with modifications, s 45 of the English 1925 Act) to
restrain the defendants from stopping work while the underlying dispute was
being referred to Brussels for arbitration. The House of Lords held that the
court had jurisdiction to grant the interlocutory injunction although the
injunction was not ancillary to a claim for substantive relief to be granted
in England by an order of the English court (the dispute having been referred
to arbitration in Brussels). The basis of this ruling was that the English
court retained a _residual_ jurisdiction over the underlying cause of action.

76 Lord Browne-Wilkinson accepted that the _The Siskina_ doctrine required the
plaintiff to have a substantive claim before the court and that the defendant
must be amenable to its jurisdiction before the court could grant a Mareva
injunction. However, his Lordship did not agree that _The Siskina_ had decided
that the substantive claim must be decided by an English court. In his view,
it was not necessary that the substantive claim must result in an English
judgment. The relevant question was whether the English court had power to
grant the substantive relief, not whether it would in fact grant it. He was of
the view that the court’s power under s 37(1) of the English 1981 Act to grant
Mareva interlocutory relief ancillary was not so confined. It did not matter
if the final order is made by the English court or some other court or
arbitral tribunal, so long as there is a pre-existing cause of action subject
to English jurisdiction.

77 Lord Mustill also rejected the argument that _The Siskina,_ and its line of
authorities meant that the English court could never grant an injunction in
support of a cause of action which the parties had agreed to refer to
arbitration abroad, and _a fortiori_ where the court itself had halted the
proceedings in England. His Lordship continued ([47] _supra_ at 362):

For present purposes it is sufficient to say that the doctrine of the
_Siskina,_ put at its highest _,_ is that _the right to an interlocutory
injunction cannot exist in isolation_ , but is always incidental to and
dependant on the enforcement of a substantive right which usually although not
invariably takes on the shape of a cause of action. _If the underlying right
is not subject to the jurisdiction of the English court, then that court
should never exercise its power under section 37(1) by way of interim relief._
[emphasis added]

Lord Mustill held that the doctrine in _The Siskina_ , so restated, had no
application to the instant case as the court continued to retain _residual_
jurisdiction over the substantive right. His Lordship proceeded to explain his
decision by three incremental illustrations as follows:

(a) where a contract entirely English in all respects is subject to an
agreement for arbitration in London: in this case, the court continues to have
jurisdiction over the dispute, whether or not there is application for a stay;

(b) a similar contract but where one party is a national of a foreign state:
the arbitration agreement ceases to be domestic, but the cause of action is
still “potentially justiciable” by the English court, and will be adjudicated
upon if there is no stay; and

(c) a contract with an arbitration agreement calling for arbitration abroad.

78 With respect to the first two illustrations, Lord Mustill said that the
_The Siskina_ restrictions on the grant of an interlocutory injunction did not
apply. In the case of the third illustration, his Lordship (after stating that
an arbitration agreement providing for arbitration in London justified the
inference of English law as the substantive proper law of the contract, and
hence giving the court jurisdiction over the cause of action), said (at 363):

If the seat of arbitration is abroad _this source of jurisdiction is cut off,
and the inhibitions created by the_ Siskina _authorities will preclude the
grant of an injunction_. Nevertheless, _if the facts are such that the court
has jurisdiction in some way other than the one just described_ I can see no
reason why the additional foreign element should make any difference to the
_residual jurisdiction of the court over the dispute_ , and hence to the
existence of the power to grant an injunction in support. So also in the
present case. [emphasis added]

79 After _Channel Tunnel_ and until the enactment of the UK Arbitration Act
1996, the position in England was that the court had power to grant Mareva
injunctions in aid of foreign court or arbitral proceedings if the substantive
claim was justiciable in an English court. _Channel Tunnel_ clarified and
circumscribed the doctrine in _The Siskina_ to the extent stated, but the
prerequisite that the court must have jurisdiction over the cause of action,
even if on a _residual_ basis, remained intact.

80 It seems clear to us that the House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ was
strongly influenced not only by their own worldview of the role of the English
courts in international dispute resolution, but also by the judicial
philosophy that curial assistance should be given to foreign court or arbitral
proceedings to ensure that justice was done. In _Channel Tunnel,_ Lord Goff of
Chieveley said (at 341):

I add a few words of my own on the submission that the decision of this House
in [_The Siskina_] would preclude the grant of any injunction under section
37(1) of the Supreme Court Act 1981, even if such injunction were otherwise
appropriate. If correct, this submission would have the effect of severely
curtailing the powers of the English courts to act in aid, not only of foreign
arbitrations, but also of foreign courts. Given the international character of
much contemporary litigation and the need to promote mutual assistance between
the courts of the various jurisdictions which such litigation straddles, it
would be a serious matter if the English courts were unable to grant
interlocutory relief in cases where the substantive trial and the ultimate
decision of the case might ultimately take place in a court outside England.

**_The debate in_ Mercedes Benz**

81 It may be recalled that in _Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_), this court
referred to an ongoing debate on the limits of the _The Siskina_ doctrine.
That was a reference to the dissenting judgment of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
in _Mercedes Benz_ ([46] _supra_) which this court had referred to in _Karaha
Bodas. Mercedes Benz_ is a decision on the application of O 11 of the Hong
Kong Rules of the Supreme Court (corresponding to the English O 11 and also
our O 11). In that case, the appellant had sued the first respondent in Monaco
on a dishonoured promissory note (given against money advanced) and had
obtained an order attaching its assets, but the order did not extend to the
assets of the second defendant, a Hong Kong company, that the appellant had
received part of the money. The appellant then applied _ex parte_ to the High
Court of Hong Kong for and obtained a worldwide Mareva injunction restraining
both respondents from dealing with any of their assets, including the first
respondent’s shares in the second respondent. There was no claim for any
substantive relief. The first respondent applied to have the _ex parte_ order
discharged on the ground that the court had no jurisdiction over him. The High
Court set aside the ex parte order, and this was affirmed by the Court of
Appeal. The Privy Council (by a majority) dismissed the further appeal. Lord
Mustill analysed the competency of the court to grant a Mareva injunction in
circumstances where the defendant has assets within the jurisdiction but where
the plaintiff has no cause of action within the jurisdiction as an issue that
is concerned, first, with territorial jurisdiction over the defendant, and
second, power to grant a Mareva injunction against the defendant.

82 On the first question, Lord Mustill (delivering the majority judgment)
confirmed the correctness of _The Siskina_ and held that O 11 r 1 did not
permit the service outside the jurisdiction of a writ claiming Mareva relief
alone because a claim for such relief was not a claim of that character, and
that the claim for such relief did not fall within O 11 r 1(m) because it was
not brought to enforce anything but to prepare the ground for a possible
execution by different means in the future, and there was, in any event, no
judgment in existence to enforce.

83 As the second question of power did not arise, Lord Mustill preferred to
express no conclusion on it, but thought it proper to make the following
observation at 304:

It may well be that in some future case where there is undoubted personal
jurisdiction over the defendant but no substantive proceedings are brought
against him in the court, be it in Hong Kong or England, possessing such
jurisdiction, an attempt will be made to obtain _Mareva_ relief in support of
a claim pursued in a foreign court. If the considerations fully explored in
the dissenting judgment of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead were then to prevail a
situation would exist in which the availability of relief otherwise considered
permissible and expedient would depend on the susceptibility of the defendant
to personal service. Their Lordships believe that it would merit the close
attention of the rule-making body to consider whether, by an enlargement of
R.S.C., Ord. 11, r. 1(1), a result could be achieved which for the reasons
already stated is not open on the present form of the rule.

84 Lord Nicholls delivered a strong dissenting judgment and said (at 314)
that, “The law took a wrong turn in _The Siskina,_ and the sooner it returns
to its proper path the better.” In his view, the turn taken wrongly was in
tying Mareva relief to the underlying cause of action rather than the
enforcement of the prospective judgment which was the rationale of a Mareva
injunction. The court when hearing an application for Mareva relief is
concerned to consider the plaintiff’s prospects of obtaining the judgment
whose efficacy he is seeking to protect, and therefore it is not essential
that the cause of action must have accrued. Lord Nicholls further held that
where, as in that case, the judgment obtained abroad (in Monaco) could be
enforced in Hong Kong, the plaintiff should be entitled to bring an action
claiming Mareva relief as a substantive relief. According to Lord Nicholls (at
313):

A claim for a _Mareva_ injunction can stand alone in an action, on its own
feet, as a form of relief granted in anticipation of and to protect
enforcement of a judgment yet to be obtained in _other_ proceedings. In such
an action _Mareva_ relief is not interim relief in the sense relevant for Ord.
11, r.1(1)(_b_) purposes. In that action the _Mareva_ relief is not granted
pending the trial of that action. It is granted pending judgment in the other
proceedings. At the trial of the _Mareva_ action, if it ever took place, the
only relief sought would be the _Mareva_ injunction. That is the substantive
relief sought. Obtaining that relief is the purpose of the action.

85 However, the majority of the law lords could not accept Lord Nicholl’s
exposition of the “true” law as the law of Hong Kong, and by implication, the
law of England. In this connection, it is worthwhile mentioning that Lord
Nicholls’ speech created a minor judicial schism in the common law world in
Commonwealth countries whose legislation is derived from s 25(8) of the
English 1873 Act or s 37(1) of the English 1981 Act. The Court of Appeal of
the Bahamas was not persuaded by Lord Nicholl’s speech, although the Jersey
Court of Appeal followed it in _Solvalub Limited v Match Investments Limited_
[1996] JLR 361 and so did the High Court of the Isle of Man in _Securities and
Investment Board v Michael Ivor Braff_ (1997/1998) 1 OFL 553. In _Karaha
Bodas,_ this court preferred the views of Lord Mustill. In England today, as
we have mentioned earlier (at [74]), this is no longer a live issue as a
result of the UK Arbitration Act 1996.

**Ang J’s ruling on section 4(10) of the CLA in _Front Carriers_**

86 With this backdrop, we can now return to _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_)_._
In that case, the plaintiffs (“FCL”), negotiated the charter of a Panamax
newbuilding to be called _Double Happiness_ with the Singapore representative
of the defendants (“A&O”). The terms of the contract required any dispute to
be referred to arbitration in London in accordance with English law. Ang J was
of view that the contract was arguably made through an agent in Singapore on
behalf of A&O: see _Front Carriers_ at [41]. As such, FCL’s claim for breach
of charter was one that was recognisable by the Singapore courts. In [52], she
confirmed her finding that there was a recognisable right between the parties,
even though the right was to be determined not by the court but by arbitration
in London. On the basis of this finding, Ang J was able to rely on _Channel
Tunnel_ ([47] _supra_) to hold that s 4(10) of the CLA, read with Art 9 of the
Model Law, conferred a general power on the court to grant Mareva relief in
support of foreign arbitrations. The material facts in _Front Carrier_ were
similar to those in _Channel Tunnel,_ save for the immaterial fact that in the
latter case the action in the English court was stayed.

87 In our view, the finding in _Front Carriers_ that there was a cause of
action justiciable in a Singapore court differentiates it from the present
case where Swift-Fortune did not have such a justiciable right against
Magnifica when it obtained the _ex parte_ Mareva injunction, and would never
have it at any time. For this reason, the decisions in the present case and in
_Front Carriers_ and Prakash J’s judgment below are not in conflict with each
other in their interpretations of s 4(10) of the CLA.

88 In _Front Carriers,_ Ang J rejected the argument of counsel for A&O that
_Channel Tunnel_ should not be followed as it was a decision on the
construction of s 37(1) of the English 1981 Act which is differently worded
from that of s 4(10) of the CLA. In her view, the two provisions were
materially similar, although worded slightly differently.

89 Before us, counsel for Magnifica raised a different argument based on the
wording of s 4(10). It was that s 4(10) refers to the court’s power to grant
an interlocutory injunction, and that the Mareva injunction that Swift-Fortune
obtained was in substance a final injunction as it would be the only relief
that it would be seeking from the court. Hence, it is argued, the court has no
power to grant such an injunction. We do not accept this argument. A Mareva
injunction is, by nature, an interlocutory injunction. Its nature does not
change because the plaintiff does not seek a final order. In practice, a
Mareva injunction does not need to become a final order for the simple reason
that it is intended to protect a prospective right of enforcement. The legal
objection is not the nature of the injunction but the absence of a cause of
action within the jurisdiction of the court which is a pre-condition for the
exercise of the power under s 4(10) of the CLA. To use the words of Lord
Mustill in _Mercedes Benz_ ([46] _supra_) at 297 in connection with the issue
of service outside the jurisdiction, “the order cannot simply be made in the
air”.

90 There is one other ruling in _Front Carriers_ that needs our consideration
since counsel for Swift-Fortune has relied on it in this appeal. Ang J, after
referring to Lord Mustill’s third illustration, went on to say (at [47]) that
Lord Mustill recognised that:

… _the claim itself need not be brought before the English court especially
where the parties have agreed to arbitration to resolve their disputes_. In
other words, all that the claimant must establish is that the factual
situation on which he relies to support his claim must be capable of
sustaining his proceedings against the defendant and, in this respect, there
is a close connection with the substantive law relating to what is recognised
as a legally valid cause of action. [emphasis in original]

Proceeding from this statement, she referred to the decision of the Hong Kong
Court of Appeal in _The Lady Muriel_ [1995] 2 HKC 320 as an illustration of
the principle that once personal jurisdiction is established, the court has
jurisdiction to grant interim relief based on its domestic law. In that case,
the question was whether the Hong Kong court had jurisdiction to order a
survey to be conducted on a vessel in its territorial waters in aid of
arbitral proceedings in London. The Hong Kong Court of Appeal held that it had
inherent jurisdiction to make the order, and following the reasoning in
_Channel Tunnel_ held that it was not a necessary condition that for the grant
of an interim measure of protection that the measure must be ancillary to a
final order to be granted by the Hong Kong court. Although the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal relied on _Channel Tunnel_ in support of its decision, the judgment
itself did not make explicit the necessity for the existence of a substantive
claim justiciable by the Hong Kong court.

91 Prakash J, without the benefit of reading Ang J’s judgment, had considered
and distinguished the decision in _The Lady Muriel_ in her judgment on the
following grounds: (a) the order to inspect the vessel while it was in Hong
Kong waters was analogous to an Anton Piller order; (b) the order was given
under the inherent jurisdiction of the court; (c) the present case is
concerned only with the extent of the court’s power under s 4(10) of the CLA,
and not under its inherent jurisdiction; and (d) that decision was not
concerned with a Mareva injunction but an order analogous to an Anton Piller
order, which is not within the terms of s 4(10). For the reasons given by
Prakash J, we agree with her that _The Lady Muriel_ has no application in
Singapore.

92 We may summarise our view of the state of the law on Mareva injunctions in
aid of foreign proceedings in the context of s 4(10) of the CLA. First, given
the facts of the present case, our decision in this appeal will not take the
law beyond _The Siskina_ doctrine as applied in _Karaha Bodas,_ and confirmed
in _Mercedes Benz._ Secondly, the decision in _Front Carriers,_ following
_Channel Tunnel,_ has amplified or extended the scope of s 4(10) to apply to
foreign arbitrations where the plaintiff has a recognisable cause of action
under Singapore law and the court has personal jurisdiction over the defendant
(in Singapore by reason of the defendant having assets within the
jurisdiction: see O 11 r 1(1)(_a_) of the Rules of Court).

93 As this appeal is not against the decision of Ang J in _Front Carriers_
(against which a separate appeal has been filed) it would not be prudent for
this court to say anything that may be interpreted as either approving or
disapproving it as a s 4(10) decision. However, we think that we are entitled
to observe that given the differences in the legal framework in Singapore and
in England relating to the power of the court to grant interim measures to
assist foreign court and foreign arbitral proceedings, there are arguments for
and against construing s 4(10) of the CLA to restrict or broaden the types of
cases in which the court could or could not grant Mareva interlocutory relief
to assist foreign court proceedings or foreign arbitral proceedings. In
_Karaha Bodas,_ it was not necessary for this court to decide whether the
court has the power under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant an injunction in aid of
foreign court proceedings where the plaintiff has a pre-existing cause of
action against the defendant who has property in Singapore. In that case, the
plaintiff did not even have a pre-existing cause of action. Likewise in the
present case, _Front Carriers_ is the first time a Singapore court has decided
that given the two preconditions, _viz_ , personal jurisdiction over the
defendant and a pre-existing cause of action subject to Singapore law, a court
has the power to grant a Mareva injunction under s 4(10) of the CLA in aid of
foreign arbitral proceedings. We have already pointed out that the way the law
has developed in England is very different from the way the law has been
developed in Singapore. Until the enactment of the IAA, the only statutory
authority for the grant of Mareva injunctions to support arbitrations was the
Arbitration Act, which is applicable only to domestic arbitrations. The IAA
was enacted to fill the gap in the law with respect to international
arbitrations and with a view to promoting Singapore as a centre for
international arbitrations. We have earlier decided that s 12(7) of the IAA
applies only to Singapore international arbitrations, and not to foreign
arbitrations. The question that immediately arises is whether in these
circumstances, s 4(10) of the CLA can have a broader area of application than
s 12(7) of the IAA.

94 We have pointed out earlier that s 4(10) of the CLA has remained unchanged
since it was enacted in 1878, and that therefore the legislative intent of s
4(10) has also not changed. The meaning of s 4(10) does not change because
social or political conditions have changed. In _Pettitt v Pettitt_ [1970] AC
777 at 813 _,_ Lord Upjohn said:

Nor can the meaning of a statute have changed merely by reason of a change in
social outlook since the date of its enactment; it must continue to bear the
meaning which upon its true construction in the light of the relevant
surrounding circumstances it bore at that time.

It is therefore open to argument in a future case whether in the context of
the political and commercial conditions existing in Singapore in 1878, the
legislature of the Straits Settlements had intended s 4(10) to give power to
the court to grant interlocutory injunctions in aid of foreign court
proceedings, or even less likely in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings.
Unlike in England where legislative and policy developments since the 1980s
appeared to have influenced the courts in their interpretation of s 37(3) of
the English 1981 Act (which has no equivalent in Singapore), there has been no
such development in Singapore in relation to s 4(10) of the CLA as a source of
statutory authority in relation to Mareva injunctions in aid of foreign
proceedings until the enactment of the IAA. Given that Parliament ignored s
4(10) of the CLA entirely when it enacted the IAA to provide a new statutory
framework for international arbitrations in Singapore, a court would need to
know why it was necessary to enact s 12(7) of the IAA if the court had power
under s 4(10) to grant Mareva relief in aid of foreign arbitrations. Perhaps
it was simply a case of Parliament’s attention not having been drawn to the
need to provide a broader framework to deal with interim measures to assist
foreign proceedings, whether court or arbitral proceedings.

95 Finally, it may be useful to refer to the approach of the Court of Appeal
of the Bahamas in a similar situation concerning the power of a Bahamas court
to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of foreign court proceedings where the
plaintiff did not have a pre-existing cause of action. In _Meespierson
(Bahamas) Limited v Grupo Torras SA_(1999–2000) 2 ITELR 29, the court had to
consider scope of s 21(1) of the Supreme Court Act (Bahamas) which was
modelled verbatim on s 37(1) of the English 1981 Act (and which Ang J had held
to be materially similar, although differently worded from s 4(10) of the
CLA). However, when the Bahamas Parliament enacted s 21(1), it omitted to
enact s 37(3) of the English 1981 Act (which as we have stated earlier
conferred statutory power on the court to grant Mareva injunctions against
foreign residents). In the High Court, the Chief Justice held that s 21(1)
empowered her to grant a free-standing injunction. The Court of Appeal
unanimously overruled her and decided that it was bound by the decision of the
Privy Council which applied _The Siskina_ on the power of the court under s
37(1) of the English 1981 Act. The President of the Court of Appeal, in his
judgment, said (at 34, 35 and 38):

It is trite that the _The Siskina_ approach to the Mareva injunction has held
sway in subsequent cases in English and Commonwealth courts without departure
from the underlying pre-supposition of there being an existing cause of action
for which relief is claimed in substantive proceedings brought in the
jurisdiction. There have been significant English statutory developments which
impinge on Mareva relief, namely s 37 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 Act and,
of greater importance to the present issue, s 25 of the Civil Jurisdiction and
Judgments Act 1982 (the English 1982 Act).

…

Certainly s 25 of the English 1982 Act made a significant inroad in the _The
Siskina_ principle by allowing a free-standing Mareva in aid of foreign
(Contracting State) proceedings brought or to be brought. Nowhere in the
Bahamian statute law is there a comparable enactment to s 25 of the English
1982 Act and therefore the conclusion seems irresistible that the Bahamian
Parliament has not yet considered that public policy calls for law reform in
the shape of the English legislation. The following question arises: could it
be said that where the Bahamian Parliament, unlike its English counterpart,
has omitted to reform the law by thus widening the power of the courts to
grant Mareva relief, the courts may themselves, as a matter of inherent
jurisdiction, effect the desired reform? To pose the question is to answer it.
As a matter of first principles, a court may not arrogate to itself
legislative functions. For this court to apply a rule of law that is
inconsistent with _The Siskina_ without the authority of legislation to that
end, simply because it is considered desirable to achieve the result produced
by s 25 of the English 1982 Act, is an impermissible aberration from the
judicial function. …

…

… I do not perceive a public policy in the Bahamas, standing as an sovereign
state, which drives the Bahamian judge to be creative to the extent of making
a serendipitous discovery of a common law principle equivalent to the
provision of s 25 of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 which the
English Parliament saw fit to enact to empower free-standing interim relief to
be given in aid of proceedings brought or to be brought in a Contracting State
to the Brussels or Lugano Convention.

**Summary of findings of this court**

96 In summary, our findings are as follows:

(a) Section 12(7) of the IAA does not apply to foreign arbitrations but
applies to Singapore international arbitrations.

(b) Section 12(7) does not provide an independent source of statutory power
for the court to grant the orders and reliefs set out in s 12(1) of the IAA;
it draws its power from s 4(10) of the CLA and 18(1) of the SCJA.

(c) Section 4(10) of the CLA does not confer any power on the court to grant a
Mareva injunction against the assets of a defendant in Singapore unless the
plaintiff has an accrued cause of action against the defendant that is
justiciable in a Singapore court.

(d) Where the plaintiff has such a cause of action against the defendant who
is subject to the personal jurisdiction of the Singapore court (as, _eg_ ,
where he has assets in Singapore), _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_) has decided
that the court has power under s 4(10) of the CLA to grant a Mareva injunction
in aid of the foreign arbitration to which the substantive claim has been
referred in accordance with the agreement of the parties, and by implication,
where the substantive claim is tried in a foreign court.

(e) The existence of the court’s personal jurisdiction over the defendant in
itself does not give power to the court to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of
a foreign arbitration.

**Conclusion**

97 For the reasons given above, the appeal of Swift-Fortune against the
decision of Prakash J is dismissed with costs, with the usual consequential
orders to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

