Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shih Shin Wang-Liu and Another v Tsai Pei Lun Betty alias Tsai Pei Loon and
Another  
[2006] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | Suit 570/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kee Lay Lian and Chou Tzu (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiffs; Mohamed Gul (Gul & Robert) and Tan Aye Cheng (Aye Cheng & Grace) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Shih Shin Wang-Liu; Estate of Shih Shui-Mu, Deceased — Tsai Pei Lun Betty alias Tsai Pei Loon; Tsai Pei Lun Betty also known as Tsai Pei Loon as the Administratrix of the Estate of Shih Tsay-Shing   
  
31 October 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This case arises, sadly, from an all too common story of a family fighting
over money. Specifically, the question is whether moneys in a Singapore bank
account held in the name of a deceased person, one Stanley Tsay-Shing Kim also
known as Shih Tsay-Shing (“Stanley”), belonged beneficially to him so that
they should be distributed as part of his estate or whether Stanley was
holding those moneys on trust for his natural parents.

**Background**

2 There are two plaintiffs in this action. The first plaintiff is Mrs Shih
Shin Wang-Liu (“Mrs Shih”) and the second plaintiff is described as “Estate of
Shih Shui-Mu, Deceased”. Shih Shui-Mu (“SSM”) was Mrs Shih’s husband and
together they (“the Shihs”) owned a family business in Taiwan known as Fonen
and Fonher Enterprise Co Ltd (“the company”). They had four children, one of
whom was Stanley who was born on 14 November 1966 in Taiwan. Stanley married
Betty Tsai Pei Lun alias Tsai Pei Loon (“Ms Tsai”) in October 2002 and she is
the defendant in this action, both in her personal capacity and as the
administratrix of his estate.

3 The undisputed facts are that in 1981 when Stanley was 14 years old, his
parents took him to the US. He was taken to live with a couple named Billy
Ching-Soo Kim and Betty Gum-Shan Kim (“the Kims”) whose daughter was then
engaged to Stanley’s elder brother. Subsequently, in November 1982, the Kims
formally and legally adopted Stanley. By virtue of his adoption, Stanley
became a citizen of the US. I should mention here that since Stanley’s death,
the legality and validity of the adoption has been challenged by Mrs Shih
apparently on the ground that at the time she signed the adoption papers, she
was not aware of their true nature and thought that they were guardianship
papers required to allow Stanley to live and study in the US.

4 In 1990, when Stanley had completed his studies in the US, he returned to
Taiwan and went to work for the company. Some time in 1999, he met Ms Tsai. At
that time, Stanley was living with Mrs Shih and SSM in their family home in
Tainan, Taiwan. He was then working for the company in its sales department.
Subsequently, Stanley moved into Ms Tsai’s home in Taipei, Taiwan. There was a
dispute as to whether he continued to work for the company thereafter. Ms
Tsai’s version was that he stayed home since he saw no need to work for a
living as he had money collected from the rent of his properties in the US and
received maintenance from Mrs Shih who also paid his credit card bills. The
plaintiffs’ version was that Stanley continued to be employed by the company
until his death. Stanley died on 9 January 2004 of a heart attack sustained
whilst he and Ms Tsai were on holiday in Japan. His father, SSM, died some two
months later.

5 Stanley died intestate. According to Ms Tsai, his administratrix, he had the
following assets at the time of his death:

(a) _In the US_

(i) two residential real properties and one mixed-use real property with
appraised values totalling US$7,273,000;

(ii) cash in bank – US$11,351; and

(iii) rent income – US$23,650.

(b) _In Taiwan_

(i) cash in bank – NT$357,328;

(ii) Fonyuo Enterprise Company Ltd – 2,747,000 shares totalling NT$48,852,098;

(iii) Fonen and Fonher Enterprise Co. Ltd – 6,354,120 shares totalling
NT$94,514,357

(c) _In Singapore_

US$1,726,958 in an account with UBS AG Singapore Branch (“the UBS account”)

Ms Tsai estimated the total gross value of Stanley’s estate, before deduction
of outstanding liabilities, as being US$13,306,096. The properties in the US
were subject to mortgages but she did not disclose the outstanding amounts due
in respect of these mortgages. According to Ms Tsai, she and the Kims were the
beneficiaries of Stanley’s estate.

6 After Stanley’s death, the parties became embroiled in several law suits.
First, Ms Tsai took out a probate action in Probate No RP04169270 in Alameda
County California Superior Court (“the US Suit”) naming herself and the Kims
as the beneficiaries of Stanley’s US estate. The plaintiffs in this action or
their representatives intervened in the US Suit on the basis that Ms Tsai had
failed to give them notice of the US Suit as she should have done as they were
also beneficiaries and entitled to inherit Stanley’s estate. They raised
various issues in the US Suit including issues of jurisdiction and the
validity of Stanley’s adoption. The US Suit is pending. Second, an application
for probate was taken out in the San Francisco Superior Court under Probate No
PES-04-286815. That suit is also pending. Third, there were some proceedings
in Taiwan that resulted in a decision by a Taiwanese court in December 2005
that the adoption of Stanley by the Kims was null and void and that the Shihs
were his legal parents.

**The action**

7 This action concerns first, the ownership of the moneys in the UBS account
and secondly, whether the plaintiffs can recover a sum of US$100,000 that
Stanley gave to Ms Tsai in February 2003 out of the moneys then in the UBS
account. The UBS account was opened sometime in February 1998. The plaintiffs
contend that they were the source of all funds in the UBS account and that
Stanley held those moneys on trust for them pursuant to a family arrangement
whereby he would invest funds that the plaintiffs transferred to him from time
to time. Ms Tsai agreed that on four occasions, Mrs Shih and SSM had
transferred moneys from accounts they held with UBS AG London branch (“the
London accounts”), into the UBS account. She maintained that these moneys were
transferred solely for Stanley’s benefit and own personal investment and were
monetary gifts to Stanley.

8 As at the end of the trial, the parties’ written submissions have covered
much ground and there have been contentions as to the validity of certain of
the arguments on the basis that these points raised were not pleaded, I think
it would be helpful to state the parties’ pleadings in some detail. In that
way, it would be easier to ascertain what exactly was in issue and what each
party had to prove and was entitled to say in the course of making that proof.

**_Statement of claim_**

9 This action was started in July 2004 but the statement of claim was amended
thereafter and took its final form in July 2005. It is stated in para 1 that
the claim is made against the defendants on the basis that Ms Tsai is the
administratrix of Stanley’s estate and is also, in her personal capacity, the
recipient of funds paid out to her by Stanley in breach of his fiduciary duty
as trustee of the plaintiffs. It should be noted that in para 3, it is stated
that Mrs Shih has brought the action in her personal capacity and also as the
representative of the estate of the second plaintiff.

10 Paragraph 2 of the statement of claim is significant. It states that
Stanley was the biological son of Mrs Shih and SSM and was effectively treated
as their lawful child during his lifetime. As far as they were concerned, at
all material times, Stanley was their lawful youngest child and they
maintained him as such. During his lifetime, Stanley and Ms Tsai also treated
the Shihs as Stanley’s lawful parents.

11 Paragraphs 5 to 10 set out the alleged financial arrangements between the
Shihs and their children. To summarise, it is averred that by a family
arrangement, the Shihs authorised their children, including Stanley, to
operate the Shihs’ bank accounts so that the children would, on Mrs Shih’s
instructions and with her consent, remit money as directed by Mrs Shih for the
purposes of investment. Such moneys sent to the children’s bank accounts
belonged to the contributors, _ie_ , SSM and Mrs Shih respectively and the
children would hold the moneys on trust and only have permission to utilise
the funds on behalf of the Shihs for investment in low-risk investments. The
four children were thus entrusted to help Mrs Shih invest the family’s money
from time to time. In para 8, the plaintiffs plead that in the alternative, a
common intention is to be inferred that Stanley should hold the money
transferred from the London accounts to the UBS account upon trust for the
Shihs. Further, even though the Shihs allowed the children to hold the moneys
on trust, there was a clear understanding and/or an oral agreement between the
children and the Shihs that the funds belonged solely to the Shihs.

12 In para 12, it is averred, _inter alia_ , that between 1992 and 1997, the
Shihs had remitted more than US$5.1m and ¥51m to Stanley for him to invest
into US properties on their behalf. He used these funds to purchase properties
costing a total of about US$3.9m and would thereafter have held a balance of
about US$1m in cash in trust for the Shihs. By para 13, it is alleged that the
money in the UBS account, except for the moneys transferred from the London
accounts, came from the remittances made to Stanley for the purpose of making
investments in the US.

13 Paragraphs 14, 15 and 16 contain the details of the moneys sent to the UBS
account from the London accounts. There were two such accounts, one in Mrs
Shih’s name and the other in SSM’s name. For the purposes of making
investments, Stanley was authorised to withdraw moneys from the London
accounts and deposit them into the UBS account. Pursuant to this authority,
Stanley arranged for four sums of money totalling US$1,522.647.67 to be
transferred from the London accounts into the UBS account on various dates
between 15 June 2000 and 8 January 2003. Stanley’s authority to effect these
transfers was only for the purpose of investing the moneys for and on behalf
of the Shihs. Details of the remittances were given showing that three of
these came from SSM’s account.

14 The claims are contained in paras 18 to 23. By para 18, the plaintiffs aver
that the moneys transferred from the London accounts have to date not been
repaid to them. By para 19, they make a claim for the return of the four sums
of money transferred from the London accounts to the UBS account. By para 20,
they assert that the balance in the UBS account, which at 31 March 2004 stood
at US$2,186,488 (against liabilities of US$423,649), belongs to them.

15 By para 21, they assert that in breach of his duty as a trustee, Stanley
wrongfully transferred a sum of US$100,000 to the HSBC account of Ms Tsai on
or about 14 February 2003. The plaintiffs were not aware of this transfer
until discovery took place in this action, and they assert by para 23 that the
sums were transferred to Ms Tsai without Mrs Shih’s consent. The plaintiffs
then jointly claim the sum of US$1,762,840 from the first defendant and also
ask for various declarations to be made in respect of the moneys in the UBS
account and further, claim the sum of US$100,000 from the second defendant.

**_Defence_**

16 By para 1 of the defence, the defendants deny para 1 of the statement of
claim save for the averment that Ms Tsai was the administratrix of Stanley’s
estate. Then, by paras 2 and 3, the defendants admit that Stanley was the
biological son of the Shihs, but no admissions were made in respect of paras
2, 3 and 4 of the statement of claim. By para 4, the defendants deny paras 5
to 20 of the amended statement of claim.

17 The defendants set out their own case in paras 5 to 13 of the defence. To
summarise those material paragraphs, Ms Tsai avers that there was no such
authorisation as alleged by the plaintiffs for Stanley and her other children
to manage the Shihs’ funds on their behalf from time to time and therefore
there was no investment arrangement between Mrs Shih and her children in
respect of any investment of the family’s money. Instead, Ms Tsai avers that
if there were moneys transferred by the Shihs to Stanley or any other child,
the same were monetary gifts made by them to each of their children. There was
no trust arrangement, clear understanding or oral agreement between the Shihs
and the children as alleged by the plaintiffs. Further, no trust arrangement
existed nor could a common intention be found where Stanley at any point in
time held the moneys transferred from the London accounts to the UBS account
on trust for the Shihs. The defendants aver that the moneys transferred by the
Shihs to the UBS account were so transferred solely for Stanley’s benefit and
personal investment and use and were monetary gifts to him.

18 In paras 9 and 10 of the defence, the defendants recount Stanley’s adoption
by the Kims and the fact that notwithstanding that, while Stanley was studying
and living in the US, he was supported by the Shihs. During this period and
also during the period between 1992 and 1997, the Shihs remitted millions of
US dollars to Stanley for his education, living expenses and personal use.
These moneys were remitted for Stanley’s sole benefit and use and not for the
purpose of investing in US properties.

19 Ms Tsai for herself avers that as there was no investment arrangement or
family arrangement or trust between Stanley and the Shihs, there was no breach
by Stanley of any duty as a trustee and accordingly the transfer of the sum of
US$100,000 by Stanley to her account in February 2003 was not wrongful.

**_Reply_**

20 The plaintiffs filed a reply to the defence. Apart from traversing the
allegations in the defence, the plaintiffs plead that in 1982, the Shihs had
agreed to appoint the Kims as the legal guardians of Stanley when he went to
study in the US. There was never any intention or agreement that Stanley be
adopted and the Shihs were mistaken and misled when they signed the consent to
adoption as they did not read or understand English. They further state that
as the Shihs had only two sons, it was not possible for them to give Stanley
away for adoption and yet still support and maintain him thereafter. The Shihs
had remitted millions of US dollars to Stanley and continued to support him as
they had not intended to give him up for adoption.

**Issues**

21 Both parties agreed that the main issues I must determine arising from the
above pleadings are whether:

(a) the moneys in the UBS account were held on trust by Stanley for the Shihs
or whether these moneys were a gift from the Shihs to Stanley; and

(b) if the moneys in the UBS account were held on trust by Stanley, whether
the transfer of US$100,000 to Ms Tsai in February 2003 was in breach of
Stanley’s duty as trustee and if so, whether Ms Tsai must return that sum to
the plaintiffs.

22 The defendants, however, argued that apart from the above issues, there was
an additional broad issue for my determination and that was whether the second
plaintiff, described as “Estate of Shih Shui-Mu, Deceased” had capacity to
sue. The plaintiffs’ reply to this was that the defendants were precluded from
challenging the second plaintiff’s capacity to sue as such challenge had not
been pleaded by the defendants.

**_Capacity to sue_**

23 I must therefore first consider what the pleaded position is in relation to
the second plaintiff’s capacity to sue. It would be recalled that in para 3 of
the statement of claim, it was pleaded that Mrs Shih brought the action in her
personal capacity and also as the representative of the estate of SSM. The
defendants’ response to this in para 3 of their defence was to state that no
admission was made with regard to that assertion. It appears to me therefore
that as the defendants did not admit that Mrs Shih was the representative of
the estate of SSM, they put Mrs Shih to proof on this point. The plaintiffs
argued that the defendants had never challenged Mrs Shih’s ability to sue on
behalf of SSM’s estate. They said that to allow the defendants to raise this
argument would be to allow them to raise matters that the plaintiffs had not
had the opportunity to respond to. I do not accept this argument. It is clear
to me from the pleadings that the defendants had not accepted that Mrs Shih
was the representative of the estate of SSM and thus entitled to bring an
action on behalf of the estate and that they required this assertion of fact
to be proved by Mrs Shih. The defendants did not have to put forward a
positive case that Mrs Shih was not the representative of SSM’s estate or that
somebody else represented the estate. They were entitled to require this fact
to be established by the plaintiffs and their pleading was, in my judgment,
adequate as an indication that this status was in issue and had to be dealt
with at the trial.

24 Turning to the substantive point, the defendants submitted that there was
no legal basis upon which Mrs Shih could bring this action on behalf of the
second plaintiff. In Singapore, they argued, one could only commence an action
on behalf of an estate either as a personal representative or, if the personal
representative defaulted in the bringing of such an action, as a beneficiary.
In the defendants’ view, the plaintiffs’ pleadings made clear that the second
plaintiff’s action was not premised on either basis. The description of the
second plaintiff indicated that it was suing simply as “Estate of Shih Shui-
Mu, Deceased” and not as a personal representative or as a beneficiary. This
description was unusual and contrasted with the description of the first
defendant namely, “Betty Tsai Pei Lun … as the Administratrix of [Stanley’s
estate]”. The latter description clearly indicated that the first defendant
was being sued as the representative of Stanley’s estate.

25 The plaintiffs accepted that Mrs Shih did not have a grant of letters of
administration or probate to the estate of SSM. They said this was because
there was no procedure in Taiwan that could result in the issue of such a
document or its equivalent. Instead, in Taiwan, when a person died, all that
was necessary was to file an estate duty declaration. Further in the present
instance, the Tainan District Court in Taiwan had, in a judgment dated 27
December 2005 (a copy of which had been produced by the defendants), confirmed
that SSM’s estate within the jurisdiction of the Republic of China, was to be
jointly inherited by Mrs Shih and her three surviving children. They then went
on to submit that the second plaintiff was not claiming as an executor of the
estate but merely making a claim on behalf of the estate “in her capacity as a
beneficiary and representative of the beneficiaries of the estate”. In this
connection, the plaintiffs pointed to three powers of attorney that had been
executed by Mrs Shih’s three surviving children. Each was dated 7 July 2004
and each authorised Mrs Shih to act as that child’s attorney “to file and
prosecute on [the child’s] behalf all applications with competent authorities
under the laws and regulations relating to the estate of [SSM] in Taiwan,
Singapore, the United States of America and any other places”. The plaintiffs
submitted that Mrs Shih was entitled to bring the action in her capacity as
beneficiary.

26 In support of their submissions, the plaintiffs cited _Wong Moy
(Administratrix of the estate of Theng Chee Khim, deceased) v Soo Ah Choy_
[1996] 3 SLR 398 (“ _Wong Moy_ ’s case”). In that case the appellant was a
beneficiary of the estate of one Theng, deceased. She filed an action against
the defendant seeking a declaration that the defendant held certain property
on trust for the deceased. The defendant was successful at striking out the
action at first instance on the basis that the appellant had no _locus standi_
to sue as administratrix because she had not extracted the grant of letters of
administration to Theng’s estate at the time the action was filed. Her
application to amend the writ to specify that her action was brought in her
alternative capacity as a beneficiary of the estate and on behalf of her six
children who were also beneficiaries of Theng’s estate was dismissed. On
appeal, this decision was reversed. The Court of Appeal held that a
beneficiary of an estate which was unadministered was able to institute an
action to recover the assets of the estate in a situation where special
circumstances could be shown to exist. The judge had taken too restrictive a
view of the concept of special circumstances. Special circumstances were not
confined solely to cases where the personal representatives had defaulted in
acting to recover the property. All the circumstances of the case should be
considered, including the nature of the assets, the position of the personal
representative and the reason for the default of the personal representative.

27 The plaintiffs contended that the facts of the present case constituted
special circumstances. In particular, the following passage from the judgment
of L P Thean JA was apposite (_Wong Moy_ ’s case at 406–407, [24]):

In our opinion, special circumstances are not confined solely to cases where
the personal representative has defaulted in acting to recover the property.
Such a rule would be too inflexible and may lead to injustice. For instance,
there may be cases where unless the beneficiaries are allowed to initiate
proceedings to protect the assets of the estate such assets would be at risk
of being disposed of or dissipated by a third party.

28 Looking at the pleadings, I have to agree with the defendants’ submission.
In Singapore, an estate of a deceased person is not a legal entity and thus
cannot initiate a legal proceeding. A legal proceeding brought for the benefit
of or to enforce the rights of an estate generally must be initiated by the
estate’s legal representative. In special circumstances, a beneficiary of the
estate may start such proceedings for the benefit of the estate. As far as
Singapore law is concerned, there is no legal representative of the estate of
SSM who is entitled to start an action on behalf of the estate. No one has
obtained a grant of letters of administration to his estate. Further, there
was no evidence before me that even under Taiwanese law an estate of a
deceased person is entitled to bring legal proceedings or that Mrs Shih was
entitled by such law to call herself the representative of the estate of SSM.
Thus, there in fact is no second plaintiff in this case as the description
“The Estate of Shih Shui-Mu, Deceased” is an empty description that does not
refer to a legal entity capable of starting this action.

29 It was clear from their submissions in reply that the plaintiffs recognised
this difficulty and therefore concentrated on establishing that special
circumstances existed allowing Mrs Shih, as a beneficiary of the estate of
SSM, to bring the action to recover assets belonging to that estate. The
problem with this response is, however, that Mrs Shih’s assertion to be acting
as a beneficiary who is entitled under the special circumstances that exist to
bring an action for the estate’s benefit, is not found anywhere in the
plaintiffs’ pleadings. Paragraph 3 of the statement of claim to which I have
referred previously only asserts that Mrs Shih brought the action “in her
personal capacity and as the representative of the estate of [SSM]”. As I have
said, there was no evidence that under Taiwanese law Mrs Shih was considered
the representative of her husband’s estate. As far as the assertion that she
was bringing the action in her personal capacity was concerned, that must have
referred to her personal action to reclaim money that she had transferred to
Stanley. It could not have referred to any claim on her part to be entitled as
beneficiary of the estate of SSM to reclaim money that SSM had transferred to
Stanley.

30 If Mrs Shih had wanted, as beneficiary of the estate of SSM, to bring an
action for the benefit of the estate and to preserve its assets, because the
estate had no legal representative to act on its behalf, she should have
pleaded that capacity in her writ of summons and statement of claim. If she
had done so, the defendants would have been entitled to ask her to prove that
she was a beneficiary and that the special circumstances existed that allowed
her to make this claim on the estate’s behalf. I should note here that
although the plaintiffs’ closing submissions asserted that Mrs Shih and her
three surviving children are the beneficiaries of SSM’s estate, insufficient
evidence of that status was put forward. It is notable that even in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Mrs Shih does not claim directly that she and
her children are the sole beneficiaries of SSM’s estate. All that she claims
there is that she is authorised to make claims on behalf of SSM’s estate and
in support of that assertion, she refers to attached copies of the powers of
attorney executed by her three surviving children. Those powers of attorney
are rather vaguely worded and simply appoint her to file applications relating
to the estate of SSM with competent authorities in, _inter alia_ , Singapore.
Even if that language can be interpreted to mean that Mrs Shih was authorised
by the donors of the powers of attorney to file a law suit in Singapore
against Stanley’s estate, as I have said there is little before me to prove
that the donors themselves were beneficiaries of SSM’s estate. No will of SSM
in their favour was produced. Nor was I given any evidence on the Taiwanese
law of inheritance to establish the rights of a deceased person’s spouse and
children to inherit his estate.

31 In my opinion, the Taiwanese court judgment of 27 December 2005 to which
the plaintiffs referred, was not sufficient to establish, in a Singapore
court, the status of Mrs Shih and her children as beneficiaries of the estate
of SSM. As I read the English translation of that decision, that was a case
between Mrs Shih and her three surviving children as plaintiffs and Ms Tsai
and the Kims as defendants. The verdict of the court was that Mrs Shih had
inheritance rights to five/sixteenths of the estate of Stanley within the
Republic of China and that Stanley’s three siblings each had an inheritance
right to one/sixteenth of Stanley’s estate within the Republic of China. The
judgment referred to a deposition by the plaintiffs in which they stated that
when Stanley died, his estate should have been inherited jointly by SSM, Mrs
Shih and Ms Tsai with their respective shares being one quarter, one quarter
and one half of the estate. However, since SSM had died on 10 March 2004, his
share in Stanley’s estate had been jointly inherited by the plaintiffs and
therefore the plaintiffs (including Mrs Shih) were entitled to half of
Stanley’s estate. The point at issue was whether Mrs Shih and SSM as Stanley’s
natural parents or the Kims as his adoptive parents were entitled to inherit
half of Stanley’s estate. The Kims did not appear in court to contest the suit
though they submitted a written statement averring that the adoption was
valid. In his grounds, the judge found that the adoption was invalid and gave
grounds for this decision. He then said that that meant that Mrs Shih and SSM
still held the inheritance rights to Stanley’s estate and these rights had not
passed to the Kims. Following that, he repeated the plaintiffs’ assertion that
because Mrs Shih and SSM held such inheritance rights, it was correct that
Stanley’s inheritance in the Republic of China was to be jointly inherited by
his mother, his siblings and his widow in the proportions that were set out in
the plaintiffs’ deposition. Reading that judgment, it appeared to me that the
rights of Mrs Shih and her children to inherit SSM’s estate were not in issue
and were not being considered by the court. There was no investigation of the
plaintiffs’ assertion that they were the beneficiaries of SSM’s estate.
Further, I did not have the evidence of Taiwanese counsel that the judgment
given by the court in a dispute between Mrs Shih and her children on the one
part and Ms Tsai and the Kims on the other part over Stanley’s estate would be
binding as to the entitlement of these parties to inherit SSM’s estate.

32 It appears to me that in their hurry to take action to prevent the moneys
in the UBS account from being dissipated, the plaintiffs did not give
sufficient thought to the parties entitled to enforce the rights of SSM’s
estate and the form in which the proceedings should be brought. The principles
of _Wong Moy_ ’s case allow beneficiaries of an estate to, provided special
circumstances exist, make a claim on the estate’s behalf. A plaintiff wishing
to rely on those principles must make it clear that he or she is acting in the
capacity of a beneficiary and must establish the special circumstances that
permit the application of the principles. The plaintiffs in this case failed
to take even the first step towards meeting those burdens. Accordingly, _Wong
Moy_ ’s case cannot assist Mrs Shih or the estate.

33 The above finding does not dispose of this case. It only relates to the
claims made to recover moneys owing to the estate of SSM. Those claims cannot
be sustained in this action as the correct plaintiff to claim them is not
before the court. I must now go on to consider Mrs Shih’s claims to recover
moneys that she alleges that she had sent Stanley for him to invest on behalf
of the family. To do so I turn to the other main issues in the case.

**_Did Mrs Shih send money to Stanley on trust or did she make him gifts?_**

34 The first point here is how much of the money that is claimed emanated from
Mrs Shih herself. According to para 15 of the statement of claim, the sum of
US$518,247.29 was forwarded from Mrs Shih’s account with UBS AG, London branch
to Stanley at the UBS account on 15 June 2000. Attached to Mrs Shih’s
affidavit of evidence-in-chief were copies of the mandate that she had given
to UBS Bank to allow Stanley to operate her account with them and her bank
statements showing the remittance of the said sum to the UBS account in June
2000. Whilst the defence contains a general denial of para 15 of the statement
of claim, the defendant also avers (in para 8) that whatever moneys had been
allegedly transferred by Mrs Shih to UBS account was transferred solely for
Stanley’s benefit and as a gift to him. In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief,
Ms Tsai said that it was not denied that on four occasions SSM and Mrs Shih
had transferred moneys from the London accounts into the UBS account. In the
circumstances, there is sufficient evidence for me to find that Mrs Shih has
proved that US$518,247.29 of the balance standing in the UBS account came from
her.

35 In support of the contention that all moneys (including her US$518,247.29)
sent to Stanley were not gifts, evidence of Mrs Shih’s intentions and usual
procedures were given by herself, her elder son, Shih Yun Wen (“YW Shih”), and
Ms Lin Shu Yen, a long-time employee of the company who arranged for various
remittances to be made to Mrs Shih’s children at her request and on her
behalf. There was also evidence given on deposition in Hong Kong from Ms May
Wong, an employee of UBS AG. The plaintiffs submitted that this evidence
showed that Mrs Shih exercised full control over her family’s finances and
that there was a clear system set up by the Shihs with regard to entrusting
money to each child for the purpose of investment on the Shihs’ behalf.

36 The defendants took the stand that the plaintiffs had the burden of proving
that an express trust existed. They submitted that in proving that a trust
arrangement existed, the only evidence on which the plaintiffs could rely was
conduct or statements contemporaneous with the declaration of the alleged
trust arrangement. Additionally, the plaintiffs had to establish the three
certainties, _ie_ , certainty of intention; certainty of subject matter; and
certainty of object of the trust.

37 The plaintiffs’ response was that that position was misconceived as the
defendants must have known that the investment arrangement was based on a
resulting trust. The plaintiffs pointed out that there are categories of
trusts that are exempt from the formalities that are required for the creation
and disposition of express trusts. Resulting trusts are based on presumed
intention and their hallmark is informality. This type of trust is common
where parties trust each other and one purchases property in the name of
another or deposits money in the name of the other. The plaintiffs’ case, they
said, rested on a resulting trust since it was undisputed that the money in
the UBS account came from two sources: first the London accounts and secondly,
the sum of US$250,000 which was from an account Stanley maintained in Zurich
to which the plaintiffs had remitted US$100,000 and US$400,000 in March and
April 1996 respectively. The agreement and common intention between the
parents and the children was for the children to invest the money on behalf of
the parents; the parents retaining the beneficial ownership of the assets.
Additionally, there was clear evidence that Mrs Shih for herself and SSM had
instructed Stanley to invest for them before the money was given to him and
there was no intention to give the money to him as a gift.

38 Before coming to a decision on this issue, I must look at the evidence in
more detail. First, Mrs Shih’s evidence in her affidavit was that it was a
family tradition that SSM and herself authorised their children to operate
their bank accounts outside Taiwan so that they would (on Mrs Shih’s
instructions and with her approval) remit or transfer money as directed by her
for the purpose of investment. She referred to this tradition as the
“investment arrangement”. The moneys she said belonged to her husband and
herself and the children only had permission to utilise the funds on behalf of
the Shihs to acquire low-risk investments like fixed deposits, real properties
and bonds. The children had to transfer the funds back to the Shihs’ accounts
as and when Mrs Shih directed them to do so. As far as the moneys in the UBS
account were concerned, Mrs Shih said that she and SSM had authorised Stanley
to withdraw money from the London accounts. Stanley had told her that he
intended to use the moneys for investment in Singapore on behalf of Mrs Shih
and SSM and they had agreed to this. Any profits or losses were to be due to
or borne by the Shihs.

39 By the time the hearing started, Mrs Shih had suffered a stroke and was not
in good health. She was unable to come to Singapore to testify and therefore
she was cross-examined by video link. The cross-examination took time because
Mrs Shih, in her weakened condition, required frequent breaks in order to
rest. It was also clear from the cross-examination that Mrs Shih had become
forgetful and was often confused. She could not remember the date of her
marriage or the date when she joined the company. She did, however, remember
other details like the name of her husband and the fact that the company was
established by herself and SSM. When asked why she commenced this suit, Mrs
Shih said that it was because she needed moneys to purchase material. Then she
stated that she was making a claim against her son, Stanley, because the money
was hers. She said she wanted the money to repay the bank and that the basis
of her claim was that the money was hers and since Stanley had died, she
should have her money back. When asked about the adoption, Mrs Shih was firm
that she had not intended Stanley to be adopted by the Kims and that she had
only wanted Stanley to live with them in the US. She maintained that Stanley
was not given away for adoption and that since the Shihs had the ability to
support him there was no reason for them to give him away. Mrs Shih was not
able to remember the affidavit which she had signed in these proceedings in
July 2004 in which some words had indicated that the adoption was a sham one.

40 Subsequently, when asked about the investment arrangement with Stanley, Mrs
Shih confirmed that such an arrangement existed though she could not remember
the approximate date when it was made. She said she did not remember the exact
time but when Stanley wanted to make an investment, she would advise him to do
that and she would remit money to his account. She also could not remember
exactly where the arrangement was made and said it was probably in her house
or in the US. She remembered that it was an oral agreement and said that since
it was her son, they agreed orally. As far as the terms of the agreement were
concerned, all she could remember was that she entrusted Stanley to make the
investment and he needed to report to her about it. She also said that he had
to tell her in advance about the investments he wanted to make and get her
approval about the scope of the investment and its nature and this was because
the money used for it was her money.

41 Mrs Shih was more confused when it came to the money remitted into the UBS
account. She said that money should have been sent to the UBS account from her
account in Taiwan and that she did not have any bank account outside Taiwan.
Specifically, she said that did not have an account in the London branch of
UBS. Mrs Shih was told about the documents in her affidavit relating to the
opening of this account but she said that she could not remember and she did
not open the account in person. Subsequently, she said that she remembered
that SSM allocated US$1m and she allocated US$500,000 and in total they
remitted US$1.5m to Singapore but she could not remember which accounts the
moneys were remitted from. When she was asked whether gift tax was paid on
this sum of US$1.5m, at first she said no and then she said she did not know
and finally she stated that she did not know the details of the banking
transactions and that she had left everything to Ms Lin. She was, however,
quite clear in reasserting that the US$1.5m was given to Stanley on trust and
for him to make an investment on her behalf. It was not intended to be given
as a gift. She also confirmed there was no written agreement that there was a
trust between herself, SSM and Stanley. There was a series of questions put to
her to ascertain whether the money was sent to Stanley to invest for himself
or for her. At first, Mrs Shih answered that she did not remember whether the
money was used to make an investment for Stanley or for herself but
subsequently she said that if her son asked her for money as an allowance she
would just send him the money and not bother about how it was used. However,
if it was used for investment, then the money should be returned to her. So,
she distinguished between money given to Stanley for buying clothing or
maintaining his daily life and money given to him for investment. In the
latter case, the money was sent on trust and had to be returned if she asked
for it. I should also note that towards the end of the cross-examination when
it was put to Mrs Shih that there was never any investment agreement between
her, SSM and Stanley, she agreed that there was no agreement. Then when she
was asked whether she meant there was no written agreement, she said she did
not have an impression and when I asked whether there was an oral agreement,
she answered that she did not remember. Finally counsel put to her that there
was never an investment arrangement between herself, SSM and any of her
children and her answer was, “Probably not because I don’t remember that while
we have been – while we talked to each other”, an answer that was somewhat
incoherent.

42 YW Shih testified that he was the eldest son in the family and was
therefore most familiar with the family arrangement, including the family
tradition relating to financial investments. Once the children reached the age
of majority, their parents had entrusted moneys to them to invest on their
parents’ behalf. They reported back to Mrs Shih on investment plans and kept
her up-dated from time to time. Some time in 1990, when he was studying in the
US, the Shihs opened an account with Bank of America and transferred funds to
him allowing him to deal with and invest the funds on their behalf. The moneys
went into their account in the Bank of America and then were transferred into
his own account with the Bank of America. He purchased properties in San
Francisco in his own name with the funds given by his parents and understood
at all times that the properties were bought as investments for the Shihs and
that he was holding the same on trust for them. He confirmed that Stanley had
had a similar arrangement in relation to the Shihs’ London accounts. From time
to time, Stanley reported to the Shihs on the various investments that he had
made on their behalf. YW Shih was present when some of these reports were
made. He recalled an incident some time in early 2002 when contrary to
instructions, Stanley had utilised more than half the money sent to him by the
Shihs for the purchase of shares. Mrs Shih was furious and told him that she
would take back the moneys if he did not obey her. Stanley then shifted most
of the investments to fixed deposit accounts.

43 When YW Shih was cross-examined, he admitted that each child’s investment
arrangement was in a “different mode”. When asked whether he had personal
knowledge of all these modes, his answer was “sometimes I overheard the
instructions given by my mother and sometimes I was present”. He also admitted
that he had no idea of the bank accounts that his parents had opened abroad
for the purposes of sending money to his siblings for investment.

44 Ms May Wong testified that in the course of her employment as a private
banker in the Hong Kong branch of UBS AG, she dealt with Stanley and the
Shihs. From 1998, Ms Wong was the person who verified Stanley’s written
instructions to transfer money from his account and to remit money to certain
accounts for certain investments. She confirmed that she had seen the third
party mandate that each of the Shihs had signed authorising Stanley to manage
the London accounts and that Stanley had given instructions to her authorising
each of the four remittances that had been made from the London accounts to
the UBS account. In 2000, Stanley had informed her that the Shihs wanted to
open accounts with UBS AG London branch in their own names as a form of
diversification. She did not meet with the Shihs at that time as the
completion of the documents was handled by her colleagues in Taiwan. After the
London accounts were opened, the Shihs remitted moneys into them and
subsequently these moneys were sent out of the London accounts to the UBS
account. After Stanley died, Ms Lin telephoned Ms Wong to inform her of his
death and arrangements were then made for her to make a visit to Taiwan to
meet the Shihs. In Taipei, Ms Wong met Mrs Shih and a person she called
“Michael Shih”. During that meeting she was told that the UBS account was
actually a trust account held by Stanley on behalf of the Shihs. Ms Wong also
met Ms Tsai on a separate occasion during that visit to Taiwan.

45 In asserting that they had established that the moneys were sent on trust
and not as gifts, the plaintiffs also relied on Stanley’s conduct during his
lifetime. They argued that this was consistent with the trust arrangement. In
particular, they emphasised the following points:

(a) Stanley held properties with a total estimated value of more than US$13m.
He had, however, never worked anywhere except for the family in the company.

(b) Although he owned real properties in the US and had large sums of money in
his name in various bank accounts, Stanley continued to live within his salary
which was estimated at between NT$50,000 and NT$60,000 per month and Mrs Shih
helped him by paying his credit card expenses. Apart from the US$100,000 which
he wrongfully withdrew from the UBS account on 14 February 2003 to give to Ms
Tsai as a Valentine’s Day gift, Stanley did not use any of the money in the
UBS account or from the other investments held in his name for his personal
maintenance. All other withdrawals from the UBS account were made for
investment purposes.

(c) After his marriage, Stanley lived with Ms Tsai and her mother in Ms Tsai’s
apartment. He did not purchase a place of his own nor did he contribute to the
maintenance of the apartment.

(d) Stanley held dual citizenship of the US and Taiwan and there was no need
for him to open an account in Singapore if the money was meant for his
personal maintenance and personal use.

46 The defendants apart from asserting that the elements of an express trust
had not been proved spent much of their closing submissions in criticising the
quality of the evidence given on behalf of the plaintiffs. They submitted that
the overwhelming evidence showed that there was no trust arrangement between
the Shihs and their children. I do not think that it is necessary for me to go
into the criticisms of the evidence because whilst there were inconsistencies
in the testimony given, such inconsistencies do not in my opinion affect the
material points of the evidence. Some inconsistencies were to be expected as
the witnesses were giving evidence on events that took place over the long
period of time that lapsed between the time Stanley went to the US to study
and his death. Secondly, the witnesses were giving evidence on oral
arrangements and the conduct of family affairs rather than testifying about
formal agreements and discussions that had been documented. Additionally, Mrs
Shih, YW Shih and Ms Lin gave evidence in Chinese and sometimes there were
difficulties with the interpretation of their evidence. In the case of Mrs
Shih in particular, her evidence was affected by her age and ill health and it
is not surprising that, in the course of a long cross-examination that often
dealt with small details, from time to time, she contradicted herself.
However, over the course of her evidence, she was clear about the central fact
that money given to Stanley with the intention that he invest it was given on
trust and not as a gift for his personal use or for investment for his
personal benefit.

47 The well-established legal position is that when an adult of sound mind
voluntarily transfers personal property like money to another adult, then
_prima facie_ there will not be a gift but a resulting trust in favour of the
person who made the transfer. In such a case, if the transferee alleges that
that was a gift, he must prove that such was the intention of the transferor.
The general presumption does not apply where the transferor is the father of
the person to whom the money is transferred. In such a case, the law presumes
under the doctrine called “the presumption of advancement” that the transfer
was intended as a gift unless there is evidence of a contrary intention to
rebut the presumption. In this case, the defendants relied on the presumption
of advancement to argue that the moneys in the UBS account were given to
Stanley as gifts. The plaintiffs met this argument in two ways. First, they
contended that there was sufficient evidence to establish that the intention
of the transfers was not to make a gift to Stanley and secondly, they argued
that the presumption of advancement could not apply either because Stanley
was, on the defendants’ own case, no longer the legal child of the Shihs, or
because the presumption of advancement does not as a matter of law apply in a
situation where the child is no longer a legal infant and is capable of
supporting himself.

48 Taking the second point first, in _Ang Toon Teck v Ang Poon Sin_ [1998]
SGHC 67, I expressed the view that the presumption of advancement should not
apply as between a father and a 50-year-old financially self-supporting son
because in such circumstances, there was no need for the one to make financial
provision for the other. This observation was based on the premise that the
presumption of advancement would only apply where the party making the
transfer was under some obligation, legal or equitable, to support the
transferee. My view was not accepted by Kan Ting Chiu J when he decided the
case of _Low Geok Khim v Low Geok Bian_ [2006] SGHC 41. Although he quoted
para 23-02 of _Snell’s Equity_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) which
states:

The presumption of advancement applies to certain transfers between parties
where it may be readily inferred that A would have intended to make a gift to
B. it is found therefore where A is under an equitable obligation to support
or make provision for B. Examples are where A is the husband or father of B.
It is, in effect, a counter-presumption which provides _prima facie_ evidence
about A’s intentions as to where the beneficial interest in the property
should lie. Its effect is to negative any initial presumption that the
transfer creates a resulting trust.

after considering other authorities, Kan J concluded that the underlying
reason for applying the presumption of advancement as an exception to the rule
on resulting trust was that a parent would have intended the child to have the
benefit of the property because of the parent-child relationship between them
and there was no necessity to restrict the operation of the presumption of
advancement to a child in need of financial support. I have considered Kan J’s
views but, with respect, will maintain the view that I previously expressed.
It is clear from the passage quoted from _Snell’s Equity_ that equity’s
readiness to infer a gift in a transfer from a father to a child or a husband
to a wife arises from the equitable obligation of the transferor to support
the transferee. Where there is no such obligation, there is no reason to infer
a gift and the normal principles should apply, _ie_ , that the transfer
creates a resulting trust unless the transferee is able to show evidence of an
intention to make a gift. As Kan J himself stated, the strength of the
presumption of advancement has diminished over the years and it is now
recognised only as an evidential instrument of last resort (see _Teo Siew Har
v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1999] 4 SLR 560).

49 In the present case, at the time that Stanley used the mandate that his
parents had given him to transfer moneys from the London accounts into the UBS
account, he was in his mid-thirties and gainfully employed. His material needs
were met either from his salary or from his credit card expenditure which was
picked up by Mrs Shih or by Ms Tsai herself who allowed him to live with her
and her mother without making any financial contribution at all. In this
situation, I do not consider that there was any obligation on SSM, much less
Mrs Shih, his mother, to maintain Stanley even though, as a doting mother, Mrs
Shih was still helping Stanley support his lifestyle. I would be loath to
apply the presumption of advancement to find a gift of the moneys to Stanley.
As far as the other point is concerned, however, _ie_ , that Stanley was not
the Shihs’ legal son, whilst I note the irony of the defendants’ choice in
choosing to invoke the presumption when Ms Tsai has associated herself with
the Kims in their effort to claim a share in Stanley’s estate as his adoptive
parents, I do not think that that action on the defendants’ part prevents them
from using the presumption since it was always the Shihs’ position that
Stanley in his formative years was their financial responsibility and that
they supported him throughout his education and brought him back to Taiwan
thereafter to work in the company and at all times treated him in exactly the
same way as any of the other children notwithstanding the adoption.

50 Turning to the first point, in any case, I am satisfied on the evidence
that the moneys that Stanley took from the London accounts and put into the
UBS account were moneys that he was given authority to deal with by the Shihs
on the basis that he would invest them for the benefit of the Shihs. In giving
Stanley the authority to operate the London accounts, the Shihs were not
making gifts to him of the moneys in those accounts. I also accept the
evidence that there was an arrangement between the Shihs and their children
whereby sums of money were from time to time sent to the children’s accounts
to allow them to make low-risk investments on behalf of the Shihs and
probably, the family generally. These moneys and the investments arising out
of them were not intended to belong solely to the child to whom they were
remitted. Mrs Shih was very clear on her reasons for remitting large sums of
money to Stanley. If she gave him money for investment, it was to invest for
her. If she gave him money for his personal needs, then he did not need to
account to her for the same. As far as the moneys in the London accounts were
concerned, whilst she did not remember those accounts specifically and in fact
denied having them, she remembered that a sum of about US$1.5m was sent to
Stanley in Singapore and recalled that that money was intended for investment.
Mrs Shih may have been vague and rather self-contradictory about details but
she was firm on essentials.

51 I therefore conclude that Mrs Shih is entitled to recover the sum of
US$518,247.29 that was remitted from her London account to the UBS account
together with all interest that has been earned on the said sum since it was
received by Stanley. If the sum has been commingled with the funds taken from
SSM’s account, then the moneys earned on the total amount shall be divided in
the proportions of SSM’s contributions to Mrs Shih’s contribution and Mrs Shih
should recover the amount due to her as a result of that calculation.

**_Was the Valentine’s Day gift to Ms Tsai a breach of trust?_**

52 It follows from my holding that the moneys in the UBS account were held on
trust for the Shihs that Stanley acted in breach of trust when he transferred
US$100,000 to Ms Tsai. The plaintiffs submitted that Ms Tsai took this money
as a volunteer and that she remained accountable to them as they were the
beneficial owners of the US$100,000. This is where I think the plaintiffs have
a difficulty because I have found that whilst Mrs Shih can bring an action to
recover moneys that she gave to Stanley, the second plaintiff is not legally
present before the court and there is no plaintiff entitled to make a claim on
behalf of the estate of SSM. The only clear contribution from Mrs Shih to the
UBS account was the sum remitted from her London account. Whilst the
plaintiffs contended that other amounts had been paid by them into the UBS
account prior to the remittances from the London accounts and it was not
really disputed that the Shihs were the source of the funds, there was no
evidence as to exactly whom these moneys emanated from, _ie_ , whether they
came from SSM or Mrs Shih. Nor did the plaintiffs themselves make any attempt
to trace the person from whom the funds or any part of them originated. As I
have stated above, the closing submissions simply stated that Ms Tsai remained
“accountable to the plaintiffs as they [were] the beneficial owners of the
US$100,000”.

53 I should note here that it was accepted on behalf of Ms Tsai that she was
an innocent volunteer. The contention made was that her liability to return
the sum of US$100,000 would arise only if she still retained the amount. It
was further submitted that it was not known whether or not Ms Tsai still
retained possession of the US$100,000. The plaintiffs had not cross-examined
Ms Tsai on that issue and, as they had failed to establish that she retained
the money, they had lost their right to recover it. I do not accept that
argument. It was for Ms Tsai to plead and prove that she was an innocent
volunteer and that she had, unknowingly, spent the money before she knew of
the plaintiffs’ claim to it. She did not do either. It was not for the
plaintiffs to prove that Ms Tsai still had the money in her hands.

54 Notwithstanding what I have said above, since there is no clear evidence
before me that the money that was given to Ms Tsai came from Mrs Shih, I am
unable to order that it be returned to Mrs Shih. Further, since there is no
proper claimant on behalf of the estate of SSM before the court, I am not able
to make any order that Ms Tsai repay that money to the estate.

**Conclusion**

55 There will be judgment for Mrs Shih against the first defendant for the sum
of US$518,247.29 and all other moneys in the UBS account that have been earned
from the said sum whether by way of interest or otherwise. The action by the
second plaintiff must be dismissed. I will see the parties on costs and the
consequential orders to be made by reason of the findings I have made in this
judgment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

