Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim  
[2006] SGHC 17

Case Number | : | Suit 1079/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmond Pereira and Ravendra Krishnasamy (Edmond Pereira and Partners) for the plaintiff; Jimmy Yim SC and Kelvin Tan (Drew and Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed Ibrahim — Salem Ibrahim   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Whether court should allow
plaintiff's application for leave to re-amend statement of claim after trial
commenced – Applicable principles for allowing amendments to pleadings at late
stage  
  

27 January 2006

Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff and defendant are siblings, the defendant being the younger
brother of the plaintiff. The plaintiff is, and at all material times has
been, resident in the UK. The defendant is resident in Singapore.

2 In 1996, the parties agreed to engage in a joint enterprise to purchase
residential properties in London, with a view to refurbishing such properties
for rental and resale at a profit. The parties played different roles in
regard to the enterprise with the plaintiff as the person on the ground in
London being primarily responsible for identifying properties and undertaking
the refurbishing and management work. The defendant’s main role was to acquire
offshore companies to own the properties, obtain financing and administer the
joint venture.

3 Between October 1996 and February 1998, a total of seven residential
properties in London were purchased by the parties. An eighth property was
bought subsequently but there is now a dispute as to whether that property was
meant to be part of the portfolio. All the properties except the last have now
been sold. Unfortunately, although the venture was successful financially, the
parties have fallen out.

4 In November 2003, the plaintiff filed the present action. The main relief
claimed was an order that the defendant do furnish a full and proper account
of his dealings with respect to the venture, the properties and the offshore
companies. The plaintiff also wanted him to pay such sums as might be found
due to her upon the taking of the account and, in the alternative, damages
arising from the defendant’s alleged breach of duty. The defendant filed a
Defence and Counterclaim. By the Counterclaim, he in turn asked for an account
of all moneys received and paid by the plaintiff in connection with the
properties and an order for payment of such sums as might be found due to him
upon the taking of the account.

5 The trial of the action commenced before me on 4 July 2005. It was adjourned
part-heard on 8 July 2005. The hearing recommenced on 10 October 2005. By that
time, the plaintiff had testified and been cross-examined and it had been
agreed that the affidavits of evidence-in-chief of certain other witnesses for
the plaintiff would be admitted without the need for those witnesses to be
cross-examined. The defendant then took the stand. On 14 October 2005, whilst
the defendant was in the course of cross-examination by Mr Pereira, counsel
for the plaintiff, the plaintiff applied for leave to re-amend her Statement
of Claim. The defendant objected to most of the proposed amendments. After
hearing arguments, I allowed the Statement of Claim to be further amended
though not to the extent requested by the plaintiff. The defendant was
dissatisfied and has now appealed against my order.

**The amendments**

6 The amendments that I allowed and that the defendant is dissatisfied with
are set out in paras 25 and 26 of the Re-re-amended Statement of Claim and the
new para 5 of the reliefs claimed by the plaintiff. These read as follows:

25\. The Plaintiff avers that the Defendant was responsible for the legal and
financial affairs of the Companies and the Defendant had failed to discharge
his duties diligently to the Plaintiff as a Joint Venture Partner and Director
of the Joint Venture Company in accordance with the express terms of the
Agreement as pleaded in paragraph 5(d).

_Particulars_

(a) Failure to disclose to the Plaintiff that there was no JV Bank Account and
using his personal accounts instead;

(b) Failure to disclose to the Plaintiff that he had used the accounts that he
shared with his wife to receive the Plaintiff’s contribution to the JV;

(c) Failure to disclose to the Plaintiff that he had kept the moneys from the
drawdown into a personal account he maintained with his wife.

(d) Failure to disclose to the Plaintiff that he was using the JV funds for
his personal expenses.

(e) Failure to keep and maintain proper records of all the properties
purchased and sold by the JV Companies.

(f) Failure to keep and maintain proper records of all documents pertaining to
the sale and purchase and mortgage of the JV Companies in particular.

(i) The Sale & Purchase Agreements

(ii) Valuation Reports

(iii) Completion Statements

(iv) Letters of offer

(v) Mortgage documents

(vi) Annual and Quarterly Mortgage Interest Statements

(vii) Copies of Title Deeds

(viii) And all correspondence relating to the loans.

(g) Failure to secure the best possible price for the sale of 49 Peckham Rye.

(h) Failure to disburse the proceeds of the sale of 22 St. Aidans [Road] and
79 Mundania Road to the Plaintiff;

26 By reason of the foregoing the Plaintiff has lost the benefit of the JV
Agreement and lost the revenue she would otherwise [have] received under it
and have thereby suffered loss and damage.

…

(5) Losses and Damages arising from the Defendant’s breach of his fiduciary
duties to the Plaintiff as pleaded at paragraphs 16 to 27 to be assessed by
the Court;

…

7 It can be seen that the new paragraphs reflected the addition of a new claim
brought by the plaintiff against the defendant, to wit, a claim for damages
arising out of an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the defendant. Although
the original pleading did contain a claim for damages, those damages were
asked for on the basis that they had been caused by the defendant’s breach of
a duty to account. The new damages claimed were for breach of very different
duties.

8 As is well known, pleadings may be amended at any stage of an action and it
is in the discretion of the judge hearing the application to allow or dismiss
it. The usual principle is that all such amendments will be allowed as will
permit the true issues in dispute between the parties to be raised and
disposed of as long as this can be done without injustice to the other party.
Generally speaking, in weighing whether injustice will be caused, the courts
consider whether the amendments will inflict prejudice on the other party that
cannot be compensated for by an order as to payment of costs. The discretion
has to be exercised judicially.

9 In this particular case, I allowed the amendments although the application
was made at a rather late stage because the plaintiff had for some time,
though not in her pleadings, complained of the matters that she raised in her
amendments and the defendant was well aware of her dissatisfaction in relation
to those issues even though she had not based a claim for recovery on them.
These were matters that were in evidence already. Further, the acrimony
between the parties had gone on for some years and, bearing in mind their
close relationship and the effect the dispute had on relationships within the
family, I considered it would be better for all matters in dispute between
them to be heard and disposed of in one action, rather than risk a further
action being brought at a subsequent stage that would raise issues arising out
of the same transactions but which had not been dealt with in the present suit
because it retained its original form as an action that was basically for an
account.

10 I also took into account the reliance that the plaintiff placed on the
defendant during the time of their joint venture. Although the plaintiff was
an experienced businesswoman, she did not have the education and professional
qualifications of the defendant. The defendant, a lawyer in practice in
Singapore for many years, also had experience in dealing with investments
outside Singapore and with international bankers and in administering foreign
corporate vehicles for investment in order to lessen tax liabilities. The
organisation of the companies that held the joint-venture properties was
entirely controlled by the defendant and he made all the arrangements for the
financing of the properties and the disbursement of the credit facilities. The
plaintiff had nothing to do with the bankers. She was the person on the ground
who located the various properties that were purchased, arranged for them to
be renovated and rented out and attended to other practical details regarding
the properties in London. The plaintiff had a great sense of grievance arising
out of the breakdown of the joint venture and since she had expressed her
various complaints at various times to various family members including the
defendant, it appeared to me that it would be in the interest of both parties
if these complaints were ventilated and examined and a decision taken on their
validity once and for all.

11 In my opinion, these complaints could not have come as a surprise to the
defendant no matter how aggrieved he may have been by what he considered to be
unjustifiable recriminations. Many of the complaints were also contained in
the plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief and therefore were before the
court even before the amendments were made, although at the time when the
plaintiff was cross-examined, counsel did not see the need to take her on
these points since they were not pleaded and there was no relief claimed in
respect of them at that time. It also appeared from the evidence of the
defendant that he had indeed done some of the things that the plaintiff
complained about although his position was that such actions had not been in
breach of duty and/or were matters which the plaintiff had known about and had
had no difficulty with at the material time.

12 The defendant strenuously contested the application for amendment and
subsequent to my decision, wrote in asking for further arguments. His letter
basically repeated the points that had been made in oral argument and,
therefore, I did not accede to his request. I will, however, deal briefly with
these arguments below.

13 The first point made by the defendant was that the amendments would cause
him prejudice that could not be compensated for by a costs order. Mr Yim,
counsel for the defendant, submitted that the defendant would suffer prejudice
because:

(a) Costs cannot compensate for the pain and anxiety of litigation. The
defendant, a personal litigant, had had to contend with the action since
November 2003. The plaintiff had now sought six more hearing days whereas had
it not been for the plaintiff’s application to amend, the trial would have
concluded in October 2005.

(b) The defendant legitimately expected at least the evidence taking to have
been completed in October 2005. The action was originally fixed for hearing
over ten days and following the vacation of five days midway during the first
tranche, the defendant only expected a further five days of trial.

(c) The amendments allowed the plaintiff to have an improper “second bite at
the cherry”.

14 Whilst I accept that litigation does create anxiety, in this case, I did
not think that the anxiety experienced by the defendant of conducting the
litigation with the addition of the new charges outweighed the benefit (to
both defendant and plaintiff) to be attained from having all outstanding
issues between the parties dealt with and decided once and for all. Further,
including these additional charges in this action would remove the chance of
the defendant suffering further stress if and when the plaintiff commenced a
separate action for damages for breach of duty. As regards the lengthening of
the trial, it was clear to me by the time the application for amendment was
made, that the trial would not be completed within the second span of days
allocated to it and that a third tranche of trial dates would have had to be
taken in any case. It was also not the plaintiff’s fault that the first
tranche of trial dates for the hearing had to be vacated. These dates were
vacated because Mr Pereira was taken ill during the trial and had to be
hospitalised. Finally, on the third point, I did not consider that the
amendments allowed gave the plaintiff an improper second bite at the cherry.
Arguably, there was a basis for the plaintiff’s allegations of breach of duty
that I had allowed to be pleaded in the Re-re-amended Defence, although the
extent of such breaches, and the damages, if any, sustained by the plaintiff
by reason thereof were matters which I would have to consider at a later date
after hearing full submissions.

15 The second main argument that the defendant made was that the prospect of
multiplicity of actions was irrelevant and was not a good reason for allowing
the amendment. Mr Yim argued that if this were a good argument, all amendments
must be allowed however late in the trial they may be made and even if they
are sought on appeal. He also relied on a passage from the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in _Worldwide Corporation Ltd v GPT Ltd_ (2 December
1998) (Court of Appeal (Civil Division), UK) (unreported) where Waller LJ
stated:

We are not impressed by the dilemma on the horns of which Mr Brodie seeks to
place the court. We assume that the judge when making the order contemplated
that the plaintiffs would not be able to proceed with the claims they were
attempting to make by a last minute amendment. He would not have expected that
the plaintiffs would discontinue the present proceedings and try to commence
others. The fact thus that the plaintiffs _may_ be prevented from bringing a
second action is actually no more draconian a form of order than the judge
intended to produce.

If Mr Brodie were right that either (a) the possibility of a party bringing a
second action _or_ (b) the possibility of the court not allowing a second
action to be brought both leave the court without any alternative but to allow
the amendment, then it seems to follow that the interests of justice to the
other party and to other litigants simply has no place in the exercise by the
court of its discretion. It would follow that a plaintiff must simply have a
right to amend at any time prior to the expiry of any relevant period of
limitation, provided the pleading was not demurrable, however much
inconvenience that causes to the opposition and other litigants. We do not
believe that to be even arguably the position, and this final point of Mr
Brodie’s does not persuade us that he has any arguable point on an appeal.

16 I agreed that it could not be argued that all amendments must be allowed,
however late in the trial they may be made as long as they were applied for
before the relevant limitation period expired. I was also conscious that, as
stated in an earlier passage in the same authority, where a last minute
amendment is sought which entails various consequences as to costs and as to
the course of the trial, there will be a heavy onus on the amending party to
show the strength of the new case and why justice both to her, her opponent
and other litigants, requires her to be able to pursue it. I did not grant
leave to amend simply because I wanted to avoid a multiplicity of actions. As
I have stated, there appeared to be some basis for the plaintiff’s complaints
and, in the circumstances of the special relationship between her and the
defendant, I considered that it was in the interests of justice if all issues
that lay between them were disposed of in the one action and at the one time
instead of, possibly, by a series of actions. It was also in the interest of
other litigants using the court system that the disputes between these two
parties were dealt with as expeditiously as possible and in the one existing
suit.

17 The third point made by the defendant was that the plaintiff’s new claims
were doomed to fail. The defendant made various arguments in support of this
point. First, he argued that the amendments did not raise the true issues
between the parties but that the allegations they contained were peripheral to
the relief that the plaintiff sought and were aimed at prolonging the action.
I did not accept this argument as it appeared to me that some of the issues
between the parties were reflected by the amendments and that the plaintiff
was acting in good faith in making them. Her aim was to seek redress for what
she considered to be injury having been done to her and not simply to punish
the defendant by prolonging the proceedings.

18 The second argument was that there was a lack of particularity in the
plaintiff’s new claims in that she had failed to provide any particulars of
the loss and damage that she had sustained by reason of the alleged breaches
of duty. This was a more substantial point in relation to some of the breaches
pleaded but as far as other breaches were concerned, the type of damage that
could have been caused by them was clear from the phraseology. Also, any
deficiency in such pleadings could be rectified by the submission of voluntary
further and better particulars. It would be for the plaintiff in any case to
establish that she had sustained substantial damages by reason of the breaches
as otherwise, even if she made out her case, she would only recover nominal
damages and such an order would have adverse costs consequences.

19 The third argument was that the plaintiff had done some of the things that
she complained about the defendant having done. I did not find much substance
in this argument as the plaintiff’s own wrongdoing, if any, would not justify
the defendant’s wrongdoing and especially so if the latter’s actions caused
damage to the plaintiff. The defendant also argued that the plaintiff’s case
was weak and doomed to fail. I did not think that I should prejudge this issue
as much depended on how I eventually weighed up the evidence and assessed the
actions of the parties.

20 Whilst I paid due regard to the arguments of the defendant, having
considered the matter on a global basis, I was of the view that it was in the
interests of justice to allow certain of the amendments applied for by the
plaintiff to be made.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

