Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian  
[2006] SGHC 39

Case Number | : | Probate 73/2004, SIC 2630/2005, RA 191/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Goh Kok Yeow (De Souza Tay and Goh) for the appellant; Deborah Barker SC and Vanessa Yeo (KhattarWong) for the respondent; Phua Siow Choon (Michael BB Ong and Co) for the beneficiaries; Foo Hui Min and Usha Chandradas (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the Commissioner of Estate Duties   
Parties | : |  Peters Roger May — Pinder Lillian Gek Lian   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Factors to consider when deciding
whether to grant stay – Whether importance of physical availability of
witnesses as factor to consider diminished if video linkage available  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Forum non conveniens – Appellant
executor's ancillary application for determination whether notation should be
endorsed on grant of probate that testator died domiciled in Singapore stayed
by respondent on grounds of forum non conveniens – Appellant and respondent
disagreeing on domicile of testator – Appellant appealing against stay of
notation proceedings – Whether forum clearly or distinctly more appropriate
than Singapore available – Factors relevant to determination of testator's
domicile – Whether court should set aside stay of notation proceedings  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Lis pendens – Respondent asserting
proceedings commenced in foreign jurisdiction for declaration as to testator's
domicile – Whether appellant executor's ancillary application for
determination whether notation should be endorsed on grant of probate that
testator died domiciled in Singapore should be stayed  
  

6 March 2006

V K Rajah J:

1 Dennis William Pinder (“Pinder”) was a Titan of Singapore industry in the
1960s and 1970s. In 1975 he was convicted of several offences of criminal
breach of trust. In imposing a custodial sentence on Pinder, the trial judge,
Senior District Judge T S Sinnathuray observed:

The success he made and the influence he had in the business community not
only in Singapore but also abroad is reflected in the phenomenal achievement
of Sime Darby over the years. There is no doubt that the Accused transformed
Sime Darby from being a comparatively small United Kingdom company with South
East Asian interests to one of the largest companies in the United Kingdom
with world-wide interests. In the course of the trial I was told that the Sime
Darby Group is now a conglomeration of 131 limited liability companies,
consisting of subsidiaries, associated and managed companies, under the
umbrella of Sime Darby Holdings Limited. I was also told that the Group
employs 39,000 people in 20 different countries. … [I]t is indeed one of the
most remarkable success stories that one is ever likely to hear about. No one
can deny the Accused that credit.

2 Upon his release from imprisonment, Pinder publicly declared and repeatedly
maintained that he was a Singapore citizen, that Singapore was his home and
that he had “no intention of leaving”. He led a quiet life thereafter
attending to his private business interests and acting from time to time as a
business consultant. Although he travelled frequently and extensively, he
invariably returned to Singapore.

3 In July 2003, while in England, he was diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis
and was advised not to travel until he recovered. On 12 January 2004 he sent a
fax to his family and friends stating:

1\. We are … scheduled to leave London on Tuesday, 27th January, arriving
Singapore the following evening.

2\. _This will be a considerable relief, having been away for such an extended
period!_

[emphasis added]

Unfortunately, before he could return to Singapore, fate intervened. His
health took an unexpected and sudden turn for the worse and he passed away in
England on 22 January 2004.

4 This matter arises as a consequence of probate proceedings commenced by the
appellant who is the executor (“the Executor”) of the last will of Pinder. He
filed an application for probate on 28 April 2004; on 4 August 2004 an order
was made by Judicial Commissioner Andrew Ang (as he then was) granting probate
to the Executor. That order, however, at the behest of the respondent,
Pinder’s widow, left unresolved the issue of Pinder’s domicile. Subsequently,
on 12 May 2005, the Executor filed an ancillary application pursuant to s 7 of
the Probate and Administration Act (Cap 251, 2000 Rev Ed) (“PAA”) for a
determination whether a notation should be endorsed on the grant of probate
that Pinder died domiciled in Singapore (“the notation proceedings”). Shortly
thereafter, the respondent filed an application to stay the notation
proceedings. An assistant registrar acceded to the respondent’s application on
26 July 2005 and stayed the notation proceedings. The Executor appealed. I
allowed the Executor’s appeal and the respondent has now appealed against my
decision.

**The background**

5 The Executor is the Senior Partner of an English law firm, Gordon Dadds
Solicitors (“GDS”). He is an English solicitor of more than 30 years’ standing
and specialises in trusts, probate and associated matters. GDS prepared
Pinder’s last will dated 29 June 1984 (“the Will”) and in accordance with his
instructions, GDS maintained custody of the original will.

6 The Executor is not a beneficiary under the Will and is acting in a strictly
professional capacity. The Executor asserts that his decision to prove the
Will in Singapore was made only pursuant to thorough and extensive enquiries
conducted with the assistance and recommendations of solicitors, both in
Singapore and in Hong Kong. He determined that for the final 30 years of
Pinder’s life, Singapore represented the focal point of Pinder’s personal,
social, financial and business activities. Pinder had, the Executor maintains,
made an irreversible decision in the 1970s to live permanently in Singapore.
He had to that extent acquired a domicile of choice in Singapore, thereby
renouncing his presumed and original English domicile. The Executor
emphatically maintains that documents such as Pinder’s passports, his personal
tax submissions and newspaper reports articulating Pinder’s actual intentions
all served to fortify his conclusion that Pinder was domiciled in Singapore
prior to his demise.

7 The respondent, on the other hand, affirms that Pinder had always been
domiciled in England notwithstanding his very close connection with Singapore.
Pinder was born and educated in England. After his first marriage in England,
he was employed by Sime Darby in Malaya from 1953. He became managing director
and chairman of the Sime Darby group in 1965. The respondent asserts that
Pinder had at all material times an English passport in addition to his
Singapore passport, stayed in London regularly, owned property in London,
married her in London and was even on the London electoral roll. It bears
emphasis that the determination of Pinder’s domicile one way or the other will
in turn entail very significant financial consequences for the respondent. The
respondent asserts that if Pinder was domiciled in England, as she believes,
she stands a “very good chance” of recovering at least 50% of the estate on an
application pursuant to the English Inheritance (Provision for Family and
Dependants) Act 1975 (c 63) (“Inheritance Act”). As an application under the
Inheritance Act can only be made in England, she claims that it is only
appropriate that the determination of Pinder’s domicile should also take place
there. She acknowledges and accepts that under Singapore law she will be
unable to maintain such a claim. In this context it is pertinent to note that
under the terms of the Will the principal beneficiaries are Pinder’s two sons
and not the respondent.

8 It cannot be disputed that the Singapore courts are endowed with the
jurisdiction to hear and decide both the probate (s 17(_f_) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)) as well as the issue of
Pinder’s domicile. The jurisdiction of this court has been founded as of
right. That this is indeed the position has been firmly and irrefutably
pronounced in the order of Andrew Ang JC on 4 August 2004. This was made with
the consent of the respondent _qua_ caveator.

**The assistant registrar’s decision**

9 It would be helpful at this juncture to set out the learned assistant
registrar’s grounds of the decision:

The executors have stated they are relying primarily on documents and none of
their witnesses who have filed affidavits are unable to travel to England. On
the other hand, the witnesses that the widow will be calling are in England or
can more conveniently go to England to testify. Some are unable to come to
Singapore. These are factors pointing to England being the more appropriate
forum. _The location of the witnesses is however not a major factor since
video-linking facilities both in England and Singapore will enable witnesses
to testify from remote locations in any case. It also has to be balanced
against some expected delay in the conclusion of proceedings and wasted costs
if the dispute were to be heard in England instead of Singapore where the
proceedings are more advanced._

The major factor in the present case is however that a conclusive
determination on domicile in England will bind all relevant parties but the
Singapore proceedings will not have a similar effect. The UK tax authorities
have stated that they will not consider themselves bound by the decision of a
Singapore court on domicile and should the matter proceed in Singapore, there
will be a real possibility of further litigation on the same issue of domicile
for the purposes of estate duty tax in UK. On the other hand, _the CED have
confirmed that they will abide by the English court’s decision on domicile
without reservations. This is a significant factor pointing to ... England as
the more appropriate forum, as it will avoid duplicity of actions_.

On the balance, I find that England is the more appropriate forum to hear the
issue of domicile.

[emphasis added]

10 I pause to explain the reference to the Commissioner of Estate Duties (“the
CED”) made by the assistant registrar. This is a matter of importance as it
appears that the alleged confirmation of the CED impressed the assistant
registrar as _the_ pivotal reason tilting the balance in favour of the stay.

11 The CED was joined in these proceedings by the Executor. The latter is
concerned about being placed on the horns of a dilemma, should it for instance
be determined that Pinder was not domiciled in Singapore, but the CED on the
other hand takes a contrary view. Such a predicament might expose the Executor
to personal liability for payment of any estate duty assessed by the CED. The
CED does not object to being made a party to the notation proceedings.

12 In the course of the appeal, the CED clarified his actual stance and
vigorously emphasised that the assistant registrar had misunderstood his
earlier submissions. The CED now states unequivocally that:

15\. [I]t is CED’s submission that the Learned AR Ms Joyce Low misinterpreted
CED’s position when she made her decision to stay the Singapore proceedings,
based significantly on CED’s agreement to abide by the ruling of the UK
Courts. Our position was certainly not that we would defer blindly to the UK
Courts. Rather, if a Singaporean Court examined the merits of the case and was
inclined to rule, on the merits of the case, that the various court
proceedings relating to Dennis Pinder’s estate were better heard in the UK,
then CED would abide by that decision, and not object to the proceedings
moving to the UK.

…

24\. Based on the facts presented before us to date, we are able to offer our
opinion that the proceedings in Singapore _should not be stayed_ , for the
following reasons:

(a) _Prima facie_ , Dennis Pinder appears to have had more of a connection
with Singapore based on the preponderence [sic] of objective documentary
evidence furnished by his Executor Mr Roger May Peters, relating to the events
of the last three years of Dennis Pinder’s life. For example, in addition to
holding Singaporean citizenship and a Singaporean passport, a number of
letters and faxes from Pinder, in varying contexts, indicate that he was based
in Singapore and intended to remain here permanently. Immigration and Customs
Authority (ICA) records also prove that he had been largely resident in
Singapore, save for the last year of his life.

(b) In particular, CED also found the fact that Dennis Pinder had expressed a
wish for his body to be cremated and ashes to return to Singapore to be very
persuasive. Indeed this wish was fulfilled and, his ashes were eventually
brought back to Singapore.

(c) As far as the convenience of witnesses is concerned, it appears as though
video link conferencing will have to be arranged for a number of the witnesses
in any event. As such, it would be equally convenient to have the matter heard
in Singapore as it would be in the UK.

25\. CED was directed by V. K Rajah J, on 12 January 2005 to attempt to obtain
Dennis Pinder’s application to be restored to the electoral rolls of Singapore
on 28 February 2002. The Elections Department has informed us that they are
unable to furnish us with a copy of the said application as it had been
discarded when the new electoral register was certified in 2004. However, the
Elections Department was able to confirm that Dennis Pinder did make such an
application. Copies of our letter to the Elections Department dated 2
September 2005, and the Elections Departments’ reply dated 5 September 2005
are at Pages 24-25 of CED’s Bundle of Authorities.

26\. _Based on the evidence exhibited to CED thus far, it appears highly
likely to us, that Dennis Pinder was domiciled in Singapore till the date of
his death and never abandoned this domicile of choice. The evidence submitted
by the Respondent, Dennis Pinder’s widow, appears to be largely comprised of
oral testimony and conjecture. It is therefore, CED’s opinion, on a purely
objective assessment of the facts at hand, that Dennis Pinder is more
intimately connected with Singapore than the UK._

27\. CED maintains the position that we will abide by the decision of the
Singaporean Courts and that we should prefer to remain impartial in this
matter on the basis that we have no new or independent evidence with which to
assist the Court. _However, upon examination of the objective facts presented
before us, and further information disclosed after 12 August 2005, we are of
the opinion that these proceedings are better heard in Singapore, due largely
to Dennis Pinder’s close connection with Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

As the learned assistant registrar’s determination was apparently premised
solely on the alleged “confirmation” of the CED, it plainly now cannot be
upheld on that basis. However, as the appeal was being heard _de novo_ I
proceeded to re-examine the entire factual matrix. The CED’s views, though
persuasive, cannot _per se_ conclusively determine the legal issue in
controversy. That decision ultimately rests with the court.

**General principles on domicile**

13 All persons must have a domicile. On birth a person is affixed with a
domicile of origin; the father’s domicile if he is legitimate and born within
the father’s lifetime or the mother’s domicile if he is illegitimate or born
after the father’s death. This domicile of origin prevails until a person
acquires a new domicile of choice or dependence: see _Theobold on Wills_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2001) at para 1-02.

14 A person cannot have more than one domicile at any particular point of
time. The legal policy underpinning the concept of domicile is to ensure that
there is a definite law of succession to connect that person with a particular
legal system: _Sommerville v Lord Sommerville_ (1801) 5 Ves 750 at 786; 31 ER
839 at 858; _Forbes v Forbes_ (1854) Kay 341 at 353; 69 ER 145 at 150. The
concept of domicile also plays a critical role in many legal systems in
determining jurisdiction in matrimonial proceedings and family law related
matters.

15 The party who alleges that a domicile has been changed bears the burden of
sustaining the allegation. Typically, more cogent evidence is required to
prove the change of a domicile of origin than of one domicile of choice to
another: see _Theobold on_ _Wills_ ([13] _supra_) at para 1-03.

16 It is possible for a person to have more than one home, each one in a
different country. The enquiry is then to focus on which of the residences is
the “chief residence” or the primary residence; see _Udny v Udny_ (1869) LR 1
Sc & Div 441 at 458, _Morgan v Cilento_ [2004] EWHC 188; [2004] WTLR 457 at
[11].

17 The issue of whether a domicile has been changed is to be determined in
accordance with the law of the forum. That may not pose a critical problem
here given that both Singapore and English law adopt a similar approach in
determining this particular issue.

**Stay of proceedings:_forum non conveniens_ and the _Spiliada_ principles**

18 The Court of Appeal of Singapore has on several occasions emphasised that
the principles enunciated in _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_
[1987] AC 460 (“the _Spiliada_ principles”) in relation to the stay of
proceedings apropos _forum non conveniens_ apply in Singapore: _Brinkerhoff
Maritime Drilling Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776;
_Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 253; _Eng
Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 3 SLR 97. In _Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v
Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ at [10] and [13], the Court of Appeal declared:

We were asked to reconsider the lower judge’s decision not to grant a stay.
The principles governing this matter are clear and established. The approach
suggested by Lord Goff in _The Spiliada_ [1987] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1 has since been
approved and applied by the Court of Appeal in _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling
Corp & Anor v PT Airfast Services Indonesia and another appeal_ [1992] 2 SLR
776. We set out the relevant passages from the judgment of Lord Goff:

In my opinion, the burden resting on the defendant is not just to show that
England is not the natural or appropriate forum for the trial, but to
establish that there is another available forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than the English forum. In this way, proper regard is paid to
the fact that jurisdiction has been founded as of right …

…

Since the question is whether there exists some other forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, the court will look first to see
what factors there are which point in the direction of another forum … and
these will include not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as
availability of witnesses), but also other factors such as the law governing
the relevant transaction … and the places where the parties respectively
reside or carry on business.

…

If the court concludes at that stage that there is no other available forum
which is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will
ordinarily refuse a stay …

…

If however the court concludes at that stage that there is some other
available forum which prima facie is clearly more appropriate for the trial of
the action, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless not be
granted.

…

More recently, in _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 3 SLR 97 at p 107 we
affirmed our decision in the _Brinkerhoff_ case. The judgment of the court was
delivered by my brother judge LP Thean JA, who summarised the relevant
principles as follows:

A stay will only be granted on the ground of forum non conveniens, where the
court is satisfied that there is some other available and appropriate forum
for the trial of the action. The burden of proof rests on the defendant, and
the burden is not just to show that Singapore is not the natural or
appropriate forum but to establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than the Singapore forum. _The
natural forum is that with which the action has the most real and substantial
connection, and the court will consider what factors there are which point in
that direction. If the court concludes at that stage that there is no other
available forum which is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily refuse a stay_. If, however, the court concludes at that
stage that there is some other available forum which prima facie is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action it will ordinarily grant a stay,
unless there are circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay
should nevertheless be refused. The court in this respect will consider all
the circumstances of the case.

[emphasis added]

19 It ought to be noted that, in the final analysis, the real issue is not one
of convenience _per se_ but of appropriateness. In evaluating competing
considerations the acid test simply is which is the more appropriate forum to
hear the matter. In reviewing and summarising the current legal position in
Singapore apropos the concept of _forum non conveniens_ , two learned
commentators, Prof Tan Yock Lin and Mr Francis Xavier observe in their paper,
“The Conflict of Laws in Singapore 2001–2005” (paper presented at the
Singapore Academy of Law Conference 2006) at pp 3–4:

One of the most far-reaching developments in the subject is undoubtedly the
barely 20-year old doctrine of natural forum. The reception and articulation
of that doctrine in _The Spiliada_ was bold and innovative. Borrowed from
Scots law, it went beyond its origin to recognise and implement a new notion
of comity. A notable feature therefore was its rejection of comparative
evaluations of the justice in competing legal jurisdictions. Choosing instead
to concentrate on the interests of the parties and the ends of justice, it
accepted that only for the sake of substantial justice should comparative
evaluations be undertaken and one country’s laws preferred to another’s. Any
less rigorous approach would be a breach of comity. _The concretisation of
this overarching consideration gave therefore pre-eminence to convenience of
trial and application of law and, departing from the earlier cases, ignored
juridical advantages unless the plaintiff would be deprived of substantial
justice_. As all know, the Australian High Court was to strike a different
balance, one that gave the Australian courts jurisdiction unless they are
clearly an inappropriate forum.

As a small nation committed to non-alignment engagement, we are not at all
surprised that our courts accepted the more international doctrine propounded
by the House of Lords in _The Spiliada_. … [T]he remarks of Chao Hick Tin JA
in _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprise (Holdings) Ltd_ , namely, that
whether the process contemplated by Lord Goff in _The Spiliada_ is a two-stage
process or a one-stage process, telescoping two into one, does not really
matter. As his Honour explained:

The ultimate question remains the same: where should the case be suitably
tried having regard to the interest of the parties and the ends of justice?
The mere fact that the plaintiff [has] a personal or juridical advantage in
proceedings in Singapore [is] not decisive. The court [has] also to consider
the interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.

[emphasis added]

20 I agree with their insightful observations. A court has to take into
account an entire multitude of factors in balancing the competing interests.
The weightage accorded to a particular factor varies in different cases and
the ultimate appraisal ought to reflect the exigencies dictated by the factual
matrix. Copious citations of precedents and _dicta_ are usually of little
assistance and may in reality serve to cloud rather than elucidate the
applicable principles. One must also remember that “[d]omicile and residence
and place of incident are not always decisive” (_per_ Lord Templeman in
_Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ ([18] _supra_) at 465).

21 In granting a stay application the court must be persuaded that compelling
reasons have been advanced precipitating the conclusion that the interests of
the parties seeking justice can be more appropriately secured in some other
jurisdiction. As Lord Sumner aptly put it in _Société du Gaz de Paris v
Société Anonyme de Navigation “Les Armateurs Français”_ 1926 SLT 33 at 37:

The object under the words “ _forum non conveniens_ ” is to find that _forum_
which is the more suitable for the ends of justice, and is preferable, because
pursuit of the litigation in that _forum_ is more likely to secure those ends.

22 In applying the _Spiliada_ principles, the following abbreviated approach
can be adopted:

(a) The stay applicant must satisfy the court that there is another available
forum which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore as a
forum. (In determining whether the other forum is clearly more appropriate,
the court will review factors such as the factual connection(s) between the
dispute and the competing jurisdiction; the likely parties to the proceedings;
convenience or expense (such as the accessibility of witnesses); the law
governing the relevant transaction; the places where the parties respectively
reside or carry on business, _etc_. This is a non-exhaustive list that
embraces an inclusive and cumulative approach). If the court concludes that
there is no other proposed or competing forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a stay
and the judicial enquiry proceeds no further;

(b) If the court concludes that there is some other available forum which is
clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily grant
a stay unless the interests of justice dictate otherwise.

**_The respondent must show that England is clearly the more appropriate forum
for the proceedings_**

_Application of the_ Spiliada _principles_

23 It is a highly relevant consideration that the respondent consented to the
grant of probate to the Executor on 4 August 2004. The grant was made in
accordance with Singapore law under the PAA. Given such an unqualified
acceptance of this court’s jurisdiction at that juncture, the respondent
cannot now turn around and conceivably contend that Singapore is not an (as
opposed to “the”) appropriate forum to determine and notate Pinder’s domicile
for the purposes of the grant of probate pursuant to s 7 of the PAA. The
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts has _ab initio_ been founded as of right
in this matter.

24 It is beyond peradventure that Pinder maintained a close, real and
substantial connection with Singapore for more than half his lifetime. The
voluminous documentary evidence that has been adduced more than amply
illustrates this. Singapore had invariably constituted the focal point for
Pinder’s personal, financial and business activities since he became the
chairman of Sime Darby in 1965; on 7 March 1972, he significantly assumed
Singapore citizenship.

25 I also note that the CED quite rightly takes the view that Pinder appears
_prima facie_ to have sustained more of a connection with Singapore than
England based on the preponderance of objective facts as well as documentary
evidence furnished by his Executor. For example, in addition to his claim to
Singaporean citizenship and a Singaporean passport, numerous letters and faxes
emanating from Pinder in a myriad of situations demonstrate that he was based
and rooted in Singapore. Immigration and Customs Authority records also prove
that he had been resident mainly in Singapore, save for the last year of his
life, when he was unwell and unable to return. The fact that Pinder’s ashes
were returned to Singapore also lends some tangential support to his
acknowledgement of Singapore as home (although the respondent alleges in this
regard that this was her decision alone).

26 Upon closer scrutiny, it is apparent that the respondent’s grounds as set
out in her application cannot support her contention that England is “clearly
and distinctly more appropriate” as a forum. I shall deal with each of the
grounds raised in the respondent’s application _seriatim_ :

(a) **The Will was made in England in accordance with English law**

The Will has already been proved in Singapore. It has been recognised as valid
and effective under the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed). A testator’s
domicile is not determined by the place where a will is prepared or the
identity of those involved in preparing the will. The place where a will is
made and the law pursuant to which it is made do not establish or even begin
to point towards the domicile of a testator. After all, even a declaration of
domicile in a will is legally irrelevant as this issue will in the final
analysis be determined by the court taking into account the entire matrix: see
_In re Annesley_ [1926] Ch 692.

(b) **The Executor is an English solicitor residing in England**

This is entirely irrelevant. Indeed it can be credibly argued that on the
contrary this a point in favour of the matter being heard in Singapore as the
Executor, an English national, has acknowledged the jurisdiction of this
court. Paradoxically it is the respondent, a Singaporean domiciled in
Singapore, who is painstakingly but implausibly contending that the domicile
issue be determined in England.

(c) **The deceased was born, married, divorced, re-married and died in England
and was residing there at the time of his death**

Pinder died just four days short of his 80th birthday. There is compelling
evidence that he abandoned his English domicile of origin and acquired a
Singapore domicile of choice by March 1972. There is no clear evidence on
record that he ever abandoned or even harboured any intention of renouncing
his Singapore domicile so as to re-acquire an English domicile. In any event,
the respondent’s claim that Pinder never abandoned his alleged English
domicile or origin does not (subject to any further evidence being adduced)
appear to be correct. The fact that Pinder died in England is legally
irrelevant as his demise was sudden and unexpected. Indeed, he was scheduled
to return to Singapore five days later on 27 January 2004 and had repeatedly
expressed with what anticipation and relief he was looking forward to
returning to Singapore. According to _Theobold on Wills_ ([13] _supra_) at
para 1-07, it is settled law that:

A person compelled to go abroad for the sake of his health for the last few
months of his life would probably not acquire a foreign domicile.

The legal position will be _a fortiori_ if an illness supervenes while a
person is abroad when death ensues. The final residence, particularly, if it
is not freely chosen, is not to be inexorably equated with the domicile of
preference or choice.

(d)**The deceased had property in England, close and significant links with
England and had expressed the intention to retire there**

Pinder was always very careful to ensure that he did not own significant
assets in England in his name as this would expose his estate to inheritance
tax. Other than some bank accounts and bonds, the properties he maintained in
England were owned by or held through offshore companies incorporated in Hong
Kong such as Whitehall Court Limited, which upon aggregation amounted to less
than the inheritance tax threshold. Pinder was a chartered accountant, the
former chairman of Sime Darby and for many years, prior to his demise, the
business and financial adviser to Mr Lee Thor Seng (“Mr Lee”) and his family.
He was a savvy businessman, fully conversant with financial and tax issues and
understood both the impact and the ramifications that being deemed resident or
domiciled in England incurred. Interestingly, the respondent has herself
acknowledged that:

[Pinder] travelled extensively during his lifetime but always visited England
several times a year. His visits were curtailed only by a desire to avoid
becoming a UK resident and so liable to English income and Capital Gains Tax.

The respondent in a letter to the UK Capital Tax Office sent after Pinder’s
demise also accepted that Pinder “spent a considerable amount of his life
living in Singapore. But travelled frequently around the world and regularly
back to the UK”. There is no doubt that though Pinder travelled frequently,
visiting Germany and the UK regularly, he invariably returned to Singapore,
mindful never to exceed the UK deemed taxed residence that 91 days of
residence in England per year entailed.

(e) **England is the more appropriate forum from the viewpoint of
convenience,_etc_**

The probate proceedings in Singapore commenced in April 2004. The proceedings
in Singapore are fairly advanced and probate has been granted to the Executor.
The respondent’s attempts to locate a subsequent will by Pinder have come to
naught. The notation of the domicile of Pinder on the Singapore grant of
probate is a fairly straightforward ancillary matter that can be expeditiously
resolved in Singapore. The emphasis placed by the respondent on England being
a more convenient forum for the numerous allegedly relevant witnesses is
entirely misconceived; her witnesses hail from various countries with some of
the critical evidence coming from Singapore citizens living in Singapore
(including the respondent herself and William Cutts) or persons working and
living in Singapore (Paul Jeffreys), while several others reside in Australia
(the Nevilles), some in Germany, and others in the UK. The CED has quite
correctly surmised and submitted:

24\. ...

(c) As far as the convenience of witnesses is concerned, it appears as though
video link conferencing will have to be arranged for a number of the witnesses
in any event. As such, it would be equally convenient to have the matter heard
in Singapore as it would be in the UK.

…

26\. … The evidence submitted by the Respondent, Dennis Pinder’s widow,
appears to be largely comprised of oral testimony and conjecture. It is
therefore, CED’s opinion, on a purely objective assessment of the facts at
hand, that Dennis Pinder is more intimately connected with Singapore than the
UK.

The easy and ready availability of video link nowadays warrants an altogether
different, more measured and pragmatic re-assessment of the need for the
physical presence of foreign witnesses in stay proceedings. Geographical
proximity and physical convenience are no longer compelling factors nudging a
decision on _forum non conveniens_ towards the most “witness convenient”
jurisdiction from the viewpoint of physical access. Historically, the
availability and convenience of witnesses was a relevant factor as it had a
bearing on the costs of preparing and/or presenting a case and, most
crucially, in ensuring that all the relevant evidence was adduced before the
adjudicating court. The advent of technology however has fortunately
engendered affordable costs of video-linked evidence with unprecedented
clarity and life-like verisimilitude, so that the importance of this last
factor recedes very much into the background both in terms of relevance and
importance. In other words, the availability and accessibility of video links
coupled with its relative affordability have diminished the significance of
the “physical convenience” of witnesses as a yardstick in assessing the
appropriateness of a forum. I myself have on several occasions experienced the
use of video links to hear testimony and to assess witnesses. As long as the
court is satisfied that a witness is not being prompted, cross-examination can
take place as readily and easily as in a courtroom; see also my observations
in _Cheong Ghim Fah v Murugian s/o Rangasamy_ [2004] 1 SLR 628 at [39]. I also
find it heartening that my preferred approach in endorsing the convenience,
affordability and reliability of video-linked evidence is amply supported by
some observations made in the very recent House of Lords decision in _Polanski
v Condé Nast Publications Ltd_ [2005] 1 WLR 637. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
observed at [14]:

Improvements in technology enable Mr Polanski’s evidence to be tested as
adequately if given by VCF [video conferencing] as it could be if given in
court. Eady J, an experienced judge, said that cross-examination takes place
“as naturally and freely as when a witness is present in the court room”.
Thomas LJ … said that in his recent experience as a trial judge, giving
evidence by VCF is a “readily acceptable alternative” to giving evidence in
person and an “entirely satisfactory means of giving evidence” if there is
sufficient reason for departing from the normal rule that witnesses give
evidence in person before the court: [2004] 1 WLR 387, 402.

And _per_ Lord Slynn of Hadley at [45]:

As between the parties, if all other questions of policy are ignored, it seems
that the use of video link could be efficient and fair and contribute to the
economic disposal of the litigation. If indeed there is any disadvantage it
may be to the person asking for video link evidence and _it is not established
that the defendants would be adversely affected by the use of video link
evidence_. [emphasis added]

27 The respondent has not advanced any arguments, cogent or otherwise, why
adducing evidence by video link in this case would be in any way inconvenient,
unsuitable or prejudicial. If sufficient reason is given why the actual
physical presence of foreign witnesses cannot be effected, a court should lean
in favour of permitting video-linked evidence in lieu of the normal rule of
physical testimony. Sufficient reason ought to be a relatively low threshold
to overcome and should be assessed with a liberal and pragmatic latitude. If a
witness is not normally resident within a jurisdiction, that may itself afford
a sufficient reason with a view to minimising costs. On the other hand, if for
instance the evidence of an important foreign witness cannot be voluntarily
obtained by video link, this could tip the balance in favour of hearing the
matter in the foreign jurisdiction where the witness resides so the witness
can be compelled to give evidence there. Even then, the importance of that
witness personally giving evidence as a factor may not be critical if
deposition taking is available. The relative gravity of this factor must
invariably be weighed and measured against the nature and relevance of the
proposed evidence.

28 It is clear in the circumstances of this case that there is no other
jurisdiction which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore to
adjudicate on Pinder’s domicile. Pinder had, to all intents and purposes, the
closest, most tangible and substantial connection with Singapore:

(a) **Spent significant time in Singapore**

It is evident that while Pinder travelled extensively during his lifetime and
visited England regularly, his visits were arranged with an overarching aim to
avoid becoming a UK resident, which in turn would have exposed him to English
income and capital gains tax. Pinder used primarily his Singapore passport for
his travels – even to enter into the UK – although he had a UK passport. This
is most telling. Pinder had consistently filed his income tax returns in
Singapore, even in 2003 when he was away from Singapore.

(b) **Flat at Whitehall Court, London and Singapore properties**

The Executor asserts that Pinder did not directly own any immovable properties
in the UK. The flat at 74 Whitehall Court (which was sold in 1994, to a
company owned by Mr Lee) and another flat at 89 Whitehall Court, were both
owned by Whitehall Court Ltd, a Hong Kong company that Pinder controlled from
Singapore. On the other hand, since the early 1970s, Pinder owned immovable
properties in Singapore in his own name (jointly with the respondent). Pinder
and the respondent owned 28 Victoria Park Road, which they sold in 1993. They
utilised the sale proceeds to purchase 128 Yuk Tong Avenue. This was
extensively renovated and was completed only in 2001/2002. There is no
evidence whatsoever of any intention by Pinder to sell 128 Yuk Tong Avenue.
This property remained vacant while Pinder occupied a penthouse in Leonie
Towers, owned by Mr Lee, for about ten years.

(c) **Club memberships**

Pinder was a member of the British Club and the Automobile Association in
Singapore. This neutralises the alleged importance of the English club
memberships as a connecting factor.

(d) **London electoral roll**

This is a neutral point and does not have any profound implications. Both
Pinder and the respondent remained on the electoral roll in London. The
respondent is a Singapore citizen, living in Singapore. It appears that any
person who is a citizen of a Commonwealth country (for instance, Singapore)
who has a residential address in an English electoral district is eligible to
be registered on the relevant electoral roll. The London electoral roll
differs from the Register of Electors in Singapore under the Parliamentary
Elections Act (Cap 218, 2001 Rev Ed) (“PEA”). The PEA mandates that only adult
Singapore citizens ordinarily resident in Singapore are eligible to vote. The
respondent has conveniently overlooked the importance of Pinder having become
a Singapore citizen by registration on 7 March 1972, while he was the chairman
of Sime Darby. At that point in time, he had already been based in Singapore
for some 12 to 13 years. While issues of nationality and domicile do not
invariably converge, they often coincide. Interestingly, Pinder applied to be
restored to the Register of Electors after being removed from it when he
failed to vote in the 2001 General Elections. His request was duly acceded to.

29 Where was Pinder’s acknowledged home? Pinder’s meticulous and careful
personality comes across clearly in his letters and correspondence. He
consciously used language that pointed to Singapore as his home (_eg_ ,
“absence from Singapore”, “away from Singapore”, “back to Singapore”,
“considerable relief, having been away [from Singapore] for such an extended
period”). A highly pertinent piece of documentary evidence that lends
credibility and support to the Executor’s position comes in the form of a card
sent by the Pinders informing friends of their move to their Yuk Tong Avenue
house in 1993:

Lillian and Dennis [Pinder] are pleased to let you know  
the address of our _new permanent home_. This is:-

128 YUK TONG AVENUE  
SINGAPORE 2159  
Telephone (65) 466 0929

We take up residence on Friday 24th September, 1993  
and ask you to address communications which will arrive  
on or after that date to our new address.

Lillian and Dennis

[emphasis added]

**_If the court concludes that there is no other available forum which is
clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily
refuse a stay_**

30 The respondent has not adduced persuasive evidence that an English court is
clearly or distinctly more appropriate to determine the domicile issue in lieu
of this court.

31 The main thrust of the respondent’s argument after the CED had clarified
his position is that the “convenience of witnesses” is crucial. Such an
argument is also not particularly persuasive when one considers that the
actual probative value of the testimony of the respondent’s witnesses, who
assert that Pinder informed them that he intended to retire in England, has to
be painstakingly and thoroughly scrutinised and evaluated. In _Re Eu Keng
Chee, decd_ [1961] MLJ 210 at 212, Buttrose J rightly opined:

I turn now to deal very briefly with the statutory declaration in support of
the plaintiffs’ contention that the deceased had adopted a domicile of choice
in Hong Kong by 1954. An examination of the authorities indicates that very
little reliance can be placed upon declarations of intention especially if
they are oral. To say that declarations as to domicile are “the lowest species
of evidence” is probably an exaggeration. The correct attitude, I think, has
been summed up by Lord Buckmaster in **_Ross_** **v._Ross_ [**[1930] AC 1] at
pages 6 and 7 as follows:-

Declarations as to intention are rightly regarded in determining the question
of a change of domicile, but they must be examined by considering the person
to whom, the purpose for which, and the circumstances in which they are made
and they must further be fortified and carried into effect by conduct and
action consistent with the declared intention.

The value of oral testimony that does not dovetail or find any congruence with
objective facts will usually be accorded little, if any, weight.

_The issue of_ lis alibi pendens

32 The respondent also relies on the argument that she has already commenced
proceedings in the English Chancery Division for a declaration that Pinder was
domiciled in England and Wales.

33 It is relevant to note that as of 26 July 2005, the date of the hearing
before the assistant registrar, this “claim” had not even been served on the
Executor and/or Pinder’s sons. Indeed the English claim was only served on the
Executor on 3 August 2005. As Lord Goff of Chieveley incisively observed in
_De Dampierre v De Dampierre_ [1988] AC 92 at 108:

However, the existence of such proceedings may, depending on the
circumstances, be relevant to the inquiry. _Sometimes, they may be of no
relevance at all, for example, if one party has commenced the proceedings for
the purpose of demonstrating the existence of a competing jurisdiction, or the
proceedings have not passed beyond the stage of the initiating process_.
[emphasis added]

34 The respondent’s claim was not served (indeed no notice thereof was even
given) until after the Executor’s notation proceedings were served on her. It
is clear that the purported English proceedings “were commenced … for the
purpose of demonstrating the existence of a competing jurisdiction” and that
such proceedings “have not passed beyond the stage of the initiating process”.
There is no genuine issue of _lis pendens_.

35 Mr Hugh Elder, the Executor’s solicitor in the English claim, persuasively
and quite correctly contends:

A great deal of work has been done, and costs incurred, in preparing for the
application in Singapore for the determination of the deceased’s domicile. If
the Executor’s appeal succeeds … substantial duplication of costs in
litigating the same issues in both London and Singapore will be avoided. Such
duplication would not be to the benefit of any party, especially as
Singaporean law is essentially based on English law, and the legal principles
on which domicile is established are the same.

_Legitimate personal and juridical advantage_

36 The respondent’s English solicitor, Mr Patrick Hamlin, claims that the
respondent would enjoy a legitimate juridical advantage in having the matter
of domicile decided in England. This, even if correct, is quite irrelevant and
rather inappropriate. Is the respondent suggesting that an English court might
be more inclined to lean in favour of finding an English domicile
notwithstanding the objective evidence?

37 It is clear law that it is only in the event of the second stage of the
_Spiliada_ principles, _ie_ , if the court is minded to grant a stay of
proceedings because the defendant has shown that the foreign court is clearly
and distinctly the more appropriate forum for the determination of the
proceedings, that this issue becomes relevant at all. If this stage is
reached, the plaintiff will then have the legal burden of persuading the court
why it should refuse a stay. He can do so by showing that he might be deprived
of a legitimate personal and juridical advantage that he has in the Singapore
courts if the matter is stayed in favour of proceedings in a foreign court.
This is clearly not the position here.

**Conclusion**

38 In concluding that a stay of the notation proceedings is not justified, I
have refrained from determining that Pinder was in point of fact actually
domiciled in Singapore. That issue remains to be determined in the notation
proceedings, only after all the relevant evidence has been adduced, appraised
and assessed; the court will be able to determine this issue with finality
after the proposed oral testimony has been subjected to the anvil of cross-
examination. Declarations of intention by the deceased, allegedly to third
parties, must be carefully scrutinised and analysed. The context in which they
were given is crucial in according them the appropriate weightage and import.
Declarations which can be objectively corroborated by a deceased’s subsequent
conduct will usually be accorded significance.

39 I do however conclude that a Singapore court has not only the jurisdiction
as of right to determine the issue of domicile but that it is also the most
appropriate forum in the circumstances. The issue of “convenience” of
witnesses as a determining factor in assessing the appropriate forum must now
be carefully weighed against the availability of video links. Technology now
permits real time evidence to be conveniently given by witnesses in foreign
jurisdictions both conveniently and without any apparent prejudice to the
opposing party. In any event, all things considered, the convenience of
witnesses is by no means the be all and the end all in assessing the
appropriateness of a particular jurisdiction (_per_ Lord Goff of Chieveley in
_Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ ([18] _supra_) at 474):

_For the question is not one of convenience, but of the suitability or
appropriateness of the relevant jurisdiction. … [I]t is important not to allow
it to mislead us into thinking that the question at issue is one of “mere
practical convenience_.” Such a suggestion was emphatically rejected by Lord
Kinnear in _Sim v. Robinow_ , 19 R. 665, 668, and by Lord Dunedin, Lord Shaw
of Dunfermline and Lord Sumner in the _Société du Gaz_ case, 1926 S.C. (H.L.)
13, 18, 19, and 22 respectively. Lord Dunedin, with reference to the
expressions forum non competens and forum non conveniens, said at p. 18:

In my view, ‘competent’ is just as bad a translation for ‘competens’ as
‘convenient’ is for ‘conveniens.’ The proper translation for these Latin
words, so far as this plea is concerned, is ‘appropriate.’

Lord Sumner referred to a phrase by Lord Cowan in _Clements v. Macaulay_
(1866) 4 Macph. 583, 594, viz. “more convenient and preferable for securing
the ends of justice,” …

[emphasis added]

40 Even if a party can show a legitimate juridicial advantage in having a
matter heard in another jurisdiction, this alone is not the decisive factor in
assessing the appropriate forum. In this case, assuming _arguendo_ that the
deceased was indeed domiciled in England, I see no particular inconvenience or
disadvantage impairing the respondent should the domicile issue be determined
in Singapore. Her application for relief under the Inheritance Act and the
determination of Pinder’s domicile are separate and distinct issues and should
not be conflated.

41 The principles to be applied in determining Pinder’s domicile are the same
whether the matter is determined in Singapore or England. Notwithstanding, the
respondent appears to be labouring under the misguided impression that a
Singapore court might be less inclined to view her contentions sympathetically
in contradistinction to an English court. This is perplexing. This issue will
have to be determined on the basis of principle rather than emotion or
sympathy in either jurisdiction. In the ultimate analysis, all the relevant
evidence will have to be carefully scrutinised and appraised, and a mature
assessment made solely on the basis of principle and reason. Judicial
imperatives are not to be compromised on the altar of expediency or on the
basis of sympathy. The reasons preferred and professed by the respondent for a
stay of the notation proceedings are far from adequate.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

