Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore  
[2006] SGHC 179

Case Number | : | OS 511/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the applicant; Michael Hwang SC (Law Society of Singapore) for the respondent; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck (Attorney-General's Chambers) as amicus curiae   
Parties | : |  Wong Keng Leong Rayney — Law Society of Singapore   
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary tribunals – Application for leave to seek
judicial review of certain findings made by Disciplinary Committee before
final determination by Disciplinary Committee made – Whether application for
leave to seek judicial review premature – Development of concept of
prematurity  
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Threshold for leave to seek judicial
review – Matters susceptible to judicial review – Difference between judicial
review and appeal  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Evidence obtained by means of private
entrapment – Distinction between state and private entrapment – Relevance of
nature of illegality of conduct in procuring evidence – Whether such evidence
inadmissible – Whether court having discretion to reject evidence – Relevance
of motive of complainant – When motive can have probative value  
  

5 October 2006

V K Rajah J:

1 It has firmly been established that proceedings before a Disciplinary
Committee constituted under s 90(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the LPA”) are in appropriate cases susceptible to judicial review by
the High Court: _Re Singh Kalpanath_ [1992] 2 SLR 639 (“ _Kalpanath_ ”) at
650, [27]; _Whitehouse Holdings Pte Ltd v Law Society of Singapore_ [1994] 2
SLR 476 at 486, [38]. This case, however, presents more fundamental issues
that need to be addressed. First and foremost, when is it ripe to apply for
leave to seek judicial review? Should proceedings in which material evidence
was obtained by means of private entrapment be allowed to proceed? Are
decisions to accept or reject evidence as well as decisions to call the
defence to lead evidence by a Disciplinary Committee matters that properly
fall within the scope of judicial review?

**The factual matrix**

2 The applicant has been an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore for 22 years. A complaint to the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) was lodged by Jenny Lee Pei Chuan (“Lee”), alleging that the
applicant had agreed to grant her a referral fee for having procured work for
the applicant’s firm. On the basis of this complaint, the Law Society
initiated disciplinary proceedings against the applicant.

3 It appears that a law firm (whose identity has not been disclosed) had
employed Anthony Tan (“Tan”) of Dong Investigations and Security Consultancy
Pte Ltd to investigate whether certain competing law firms were offering
referral fees to estate agents in order to attract more referrals, thereby
illegitimately boosting their business. Tan devised a plan where one of his
private investigators would pose as an estate agent for a fictitious
prospective purchaser. This was done in an effort to probe whether the other
law firms would fall for the bait, ultimately offering a referral fee to the
“agent” to induce her to refer work to them. The vendors of the property and
their solicitors in the transaction, however, were genuine.

4 On or about 8 February 2004, Lee was instructed by Tan to carry out his
plan. Posing as an estate agent, Lee contacted the applicant to arrange for a
meeting, which was eventually held on 17 February 2004. Lee represented that
she had a client, Ronald Chua (“Chua”), who was interested in purchasing a
property (“the property”), and instructed the applicant to act for Chua in the
purported transaction.

5 According to the applicant, Lee had in an earlier telephone conversation,
“persistently badgered” him to give her a portion of the costs and
disbursements that he would receive from Chua. The applicant claims that he
told Lee that such a payment was improper and refused her request. However,
Lee’s “demands” for payment were repeated in a meeting at the applicant’s
office on 24 February 2004. The applicant claims that though he eventually
informed Lee that he would reimburse certain entertainment expenses, he
refused to pay any referral fees. Accordingly, out of $500 that Lee paid to
the applicant on Chua’s behalf for the firm’s costs and disbursements, $150
was returned to Lee for the entertainment expenses she claimed to have
incurred.

6 Unknown to the applicant, the two meetings on 17 and 24 February 2004 at the
law firm had been secretly recorded (“the recorded conversations”), and formed
a substantial part of the evidence adduced by the Law Society in its case
against the applicant in proceedings which are now pending before a
Disciplinary Committee (“the DC”).

**Proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee**

7 The applicant currently faces the following primary charges:

 _Charge 1_

That you, Rayney Wong Keng Leong, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of the Republic of Singapore, are charged that, on 17 February 2004, you
attempted to procure the employment of the firm of Rayney Wong & Eric Ng, of
which you were a partner, to act in relation to the proposed purchase by one
Ronald Chua, of the property situate and known as No. 146, Coronation Road
West, Singapore 269362 through the instructions of Jenny Lee Pei Chuan, to
whom you promised to give remuneration for obtaining such employment, and you
have thereby breached the provisions of Section 83(2)(e) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161).

_Charge 2_

That you, Rayney Wong Keng Leong, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of the Republic of Singapore, are charged that, on 24 February 2004, you
gave the sum of $150 out of $500 received by you as legal fees for legal work
undertaken from 17 to 24 February 2004 in relation to the proposed purchase by
one Ronald Chua of the property situate and known as No. 146, Coronation Road
West, Singapore 269362 to Jenny Lee Pei Chuan as gratification to her for
having procured such legal business for the firm of Rayney Wong & Eric Ng, of
which you were a partner, and you have thereby breached the provisions of
Section 83(2)(d) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

Alternative charges pursuant to s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA have also been
preferred.

8 At the conclusion of the Law Society’s case before the DC, the applicant
submitted that there was no case to answer. This submission, in turn, depended
on whether Lee’s evidence (and the recorded conversations in particular)
should be excluded because it had been obtained by illegal or improper means
(_ie_ , through entrapment by a private investigator). According to the
applicant, if Lee’s evidence was excluded, the DC would have had no option but
to rule that there was no case to answer: see para 15 of the DC’s report dated
16 January 2006 (“the DC report”).

9 The DC disagreed with the applicant’s submissions and refused to exclude
Lee’s evidence. It held that it had no discretion to exclude Lee’s evidence
unless she had employed illegal methods to procure it. Once Lee’s evidence was
admitted, the DC found that a _prima facie_ case against the applicant had
been established and accordingly, called the applicant to enter his defence.

**The application for leave to seek judicial review**

10 Dissatisfied, the applicant brought an application for leave to seek
judicial review against these rulings by the DC. In particular, the applicant
sought the following orders:

(a) A quashing order removing the DC proceedings to the High Court.

(b) A quashing order apropos the following determinations by the DC:

(i) the refusal to exclude Lee’s evidence and the recorded conversations;

(ii) the refusal to compel Tan to reveal the identity of the anonymous law
firm instructing him; and

(iii) the rejection of the applicant’s submission that there was no case to
answer.

(c) An order prohibiting the DC from continuing to hear and investigate the
matter.

(d) A mandatory order directing that the DC subpoena one Yap Kok Kiong
(“Yap”), an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court (whom the applicant
suspects instructed Tan to entrap him), to testify and produce documents at
the hearing, and that the DC reconsider whether the applicant is to enter his
defence.

11 This _ex parte_ application was served, as required under O 53 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), on the Attorney-General. However,
given that the proceedings did not involve the Government, the Attorney-
General did not take a position on whether the application ought to be
allowed. Nonetheless, at my request, Mr Jeffrey Chan, Principal Senior State
Counsel (Civil), who represented the Attorney-General, kindly agreed to remain
as _amicus curiae_. I want to express and record my appreciation for the
objective assistance he has offered in this matter. It should also be noted
that even though this was nominally an _ex parte_ application, I heard the
opposing contentions of the Law Society. The applicant did not object to this.

12 The various issues necessary to resolve the present application can be
briefly summarised as follows: First, is this application premature? Second,
is there an arguable case to be made that the alleged “entrapment” warrants
and compels the exclusion of the evidence enumerated at [10] above? Finally,
do the applicant’s complaints even fall within the scope of judicial review? I
have answered the first issue in the affirmative and the latter two issues in
the negative. The applicant has appealed against my decision and I now set out
my grounds of decision.

**The prematurity of the application**

13 The present application has been brought in the midst of a hearing before
the DC. At this juncture, all that the DC has decided is to admit Lee’s
evidence and the recorded conversations. It has also determined, applying the
holding in _Hau Tua Tau v PP_ [1980–1981] SLR 73, that the Law Society has
established a _prima_ _facie_ case against the applicant that now requires the
applicant to enter his defence. Crucially, however, the DC has not ruled that
the evidence establishes sufficient cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action. Indeed, the DC has yet to determine the exact weight to
be assigned to the evidence admitted. In addition, the DC has not curtailed or
circumscribed either the applicant’s ability to establish his defence or his
right to call rebuttal evidence. In these circumstances, the pivotal point
that arises for consideration is whether the application for leave to seek
judicial review is premature.

14 The development of the concept of prematurity in English administrative law
has relatively recent origins as the remedy-based approach of the common law
has impeded its coherent evolution: see Jack Beatson, “Prematurity and
Ripeness for Review” in _The Golden Metwand and the Crooked Cord, Essays on
Public Law in Honour of Sir William Wade QC_ (Christopher Forsyth & Ivan Hare
eds) (Clarendon Press, 1998) (“Prematurity and Ripeness for Review”) at p 222.
Such a concept, when mature, could eventually more reliably guide courts in
the exercise of their supervisory jurisdiction. The current approach is to
consider a premature application for leave to seek judicial review in essence
as one made before the actual decision-making process of the tribunal at first
instance is completed. Indeed, the majority of challenges found to be
premature have been in the context of interlocutory decisions, particularly
those concerning the disclosure or use of evidence or other procedural
matters, made during the course of a decision-making process: see Clive Lewis,
_Judicial Remedies in Public Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004) (“ _Judicial
Remedies_ ”) at paras 11-014 to 11-018. Beatson in “Prematurity and Ripeness
for Review” contends, correctly in my view, at p 251:

… that an application is in danger of being premature if it will deprive a
relevant administrative body of the opportunity of applying its expertise to
the question at hand, whether that question requires fact-finding, the
exercise of discretion or even, although this is more controversial, a
conclusion of law. It is also submitted that the occasions on which it will be
possible to state that the issue before the court is solely a ‘clean’ or
‘clear’ question of law will be very rare indeed.

15 The current approach of the courts in England in respect of challenges made
before a final determination by the tribunal of first instance is to almost
invariably view them as premature and decline judicial review. In _Regina v
Association of Futures Brokers and Dealers Ltd, ex parte Mordens Ltd_ (1991) 3
Admin LR 254 (“ _Mordens_ ”), McCollough J, at 263 unequivocally, held that:

It is, however, desirable that the court should emphasise that _it is only in
the most exceptional circumstances that the court will grant judicial review
of a decision taken during the course of a hearing_ , _by a body amenable to
the court’s supervisory jurisdiction, before that hearing has been concluded_.
The practice which this court almost invariably follows is to decline to hear
a challenge to an interlocutory decision until the proceedings in which it was
taken have been concluded. [emphasis added]

16 This principle applies equally to disciplinary hearings. In _Regina v Chief
Constable of Merseyside Police, ex parte Merrill_ [1989] 1 WLR 1077, the
English Court of Appeal held that the normative rule is that an aggrieved
party should await the final outcome of a disciplinary hearing prior to
seeking judicial review. The court astutely observed, at 1088, that:

There can be cases in which the evidence is so substantial that it is sensible
to give separate consideration to a preliminary objection … but _these must be
very rare_ and I do not think that this was such a case. _It must be even
rarer to have a situation in which judicial review should even be considered
before a Chief Constable has reached a final decision on the complaint, if
indeed one can be imagined._ Normally, the time for judicial review would not
arise, if at all, before the appeal tribunal had given its decision. [emphasis
added]

17 The rationale for insisting that applications for leave to seek judicial
review should not be made until the tribunal concerned has had the opportunity
to render its final decision is axiomatic and compellingly sensible. In
_Mordens_ , McCullough J articulated three policy reasons underpinning the
concept of prematurity. First, there will be delay: what may be a lengthy
process before the tribunal of first instance could become even more
protracted if it is continually stalled by adjournments in order to seek
recourse to judicial review, especially if the grounds for review are flimsy.
Indeed, the delay would be further compounded if there is an appeal against
the reviewing court’s decision as is the case here. Second, the relationship
between the applicant and person or body making the decision under attack
could become decidedly strained and awkward. Once the proceedings in the
reviewing court are over, the hearing before the tribunal of first instance
must resume “with the tribunal once more above and between the parties, rather
than alongside one and against the other”. Third, it is unnecessary in many
cases to come to the reviewing court on a preliminary or interlocutory
decision. This is because the party aggrieved by such a decision may
nevertheless be satisfied by the final outcome. A decision which was initially
thought to be wrong or likely to have a material influence on the outcome may,
in the final analysis, turn out to be have been correct or immaterial to the
ultimate outcome. In such cases, it would simply be a waste of resources and
time to adjourn the proceedings before the tribunal in order to seek judicial
review in the courts. To this I am inclined to add a fourth reason. It is
pertinent assuming _arguendo_ that the final determination before the inferior
tribunal is unsatisfactory, whether the applicant can still seek redress for
the grievance before a superior court. The issue is almost invariably one of
timing and not of irretrievable damage to an applicant.

18 In a similar vein, Lewis explains the general reluctance of the courts to
review challenges to preliminary and/or interlocutory decisions (see _Judicial
Remedies_ [14] _supra_ at para 11-016):

There are strong arguments against allowing premature challenges. The error
might be corrected during the decision-making process, or the error might not
affect the final decision or the individual might not be dissatisfied with the
final decision. It could be a waste of judicial time to review preliminary
decisions rather than awaiting the final decision. _Challenges to preliminary
decisions may provide a way to circumvent an appeals process_. An appeal may
only be available against a final decision not a preliminary or interlocutory
decision, and it may be preferable to insist upon the individual appealing
against the final decision relying on the preliminary error as a ground for
overturning the decision rather than challenging the preliminary decision
itself. [emphasis added]

19 However, there may be exceptional circumstances where the mechanical
application of the concept of prematurity could result in irreparable harm to
the applicant. In such exceptional cases, it would be remiss to deny the
applicant the option of judicial review. When do such cases arise and is the
present application an instance of such an exceptional case?

20 In “Prematurity and Ripeness for Review” ([14] _supra_), Beatson suggests,
at pp 227–228, that where an interlocutory decision has a “substantial
effect”, an exception to the prematurity concept may be made. The three
examples the article raises are:

(a) where the decision is not about individual items of evidence but whole
areas which would fundamentally affect the conduct and utility of the
procedure;

(b) where there is a real risk of irreparable damage as a result of the
interlocutory decision and therefore no real opportunity to challenge it at a
later stage; and/or

(c) where there is a real danger supported by evidence that there would be a
breach of natural justice at the hearing.

In addition, Lewis perceptively interprets some cases as suggesting that an
early challenge to an interlocutory decision may not be inappropriate if there
may be savings in terms of cost in not exposing the applicant to the full
decision-making process and in dealing with the matter immediately. Moreover,
the courts have tended to allow the review of decisions initiating a process
or commencing a train leading to criminal proceedings where a clear question
of law arises or if it would be unfair to allow the process even to begin:
_Judicial Remedies_ ([14] _supra_) at paras 11-017 and 11-018.

21 In the present application, the applicant relies on four main grounds in an
attempt to bring the case within the exceptions mentioned above. Specifically,
the applicant claims that:

(a) The failure to exclude Lee’s evidence, which forms the basis of the Law
Society’s case and which is the only evidence against the applicant in the DC
proceedings, justifies judicial review.

(b) There is a clear question of law that arises from the DC’s order to admit
Lee’s evidence.

(c) There is a real risk of irreparable damage as a result of the DC’s order.

(d) There is cost savings in not exposing the applicant to the full decision-
making process.

I now examine each of these arguments _seriatim_.

**_Whether Lee’s evidence, being the only evidence against the applicant in
the Disciplinary Committee proceedings, establishes this matter as an
exceptional case_**

22 _Regina v Secretary of State for the Environment, ex parte Royal Borough of
Kensington and Chelsea_ (1987) 19 HLR 161 (“ _Chelsea_ ”) is the leading case
lending support to the proposition that judicial review may be granted,
notwithstanding that a challenge is brought at an early phase of the
proceedings, if a decision is made on entire areas of evidence affecting the
conduct and utility of the inferior proceedings. In that case, a landlord had
objected to a local housing authority’s decision to make a compulsory purchase
order in respect of his property on the basis of complaints by his tenants
that he was intimidating, harassing and gravely mistreating them. The
inspector conducting the inquiry at first instance wholly excluded, as
irrelevant, evidence led by the housing authority of such intimidation,
harassment and mistreatment, even though such evidence formed the entire basis
of the authority’s decision to issue the compulsory purchase order. On the
issue of whether the authority’s challenge was premature, Taylor J observed:

_I am very conscious of the practical dangers of opening the door of
interlocutory challenge to an Inspector’s conduct of an inquiry_. Mr Colyer
has inevitably warned that the door could quickly turn into a floodgate. He
has conjured up the prospect of already lengthy inquiries becoming even longer
if they are punctuated by adjournments for recourse to judicial review. …

Having taken full account of these considerations, however, one is faced here
with _a most unusual case_. _Practically the whole and certainly the main
thrust of the applicant's case at the inquiry, has by the challenged ruling
been blocked as irrelevant, in my judgment, wrongly so._ To decline to
intervene now would not only postpone redress for a long time, and until much
money has been spent, but would stultify the presentation of the applicant's
real case; the inquiry would be a barren exercise, and if it had to be
repeated and reconvened, witnesses’ memories would be stale and faulty.

I have well in mind the power which the Inspector has under Rule 7 to
determine procedure, and to admit any evidence at his discretion. But that
discretion must be exercised in accordance with the law. _Totally
to**exclude** evidence on whole issues which are, or may be, relevant is
tantamount, in my judgment, to declining jurisdiction. I cannot emphasise too
strongly that this **is a very exceptional case**. There is no question here
of the Inspector merely excluding a piece or some pieces of evidence because
such evidence is, in his view, of little value or scandalous or more
prejudicial than probative. Were that the case, there could be no question of
this court intervening to review his exercise of discretion. But what he has
done is to mark out no-go areas, whole issues upon which we will hear no
evidence, whatever its cogency or weight._ Since those issues are, in my
judgment, capable of being relevant to the Secretary of State’s decision, it
follows **_that he has not exercised his discretion in accordance with the
law_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 Does the principle enunciated in _Chelsea_ apply to the present
application? In my view, it does not. First, the court’s criticism of the
inspector centred not on his decision to exclude evidence _per se_ but rather
on the fact that he had marked out no-go areas, whole issues upon which it
would hear no evidence, whatever its cogency or weight. In other words, what
was objectionable was not just the scale of evidence excluded _simpliciter_ ,
but more crucially the fact that the exclusion was not a conscientious
exercise of discretion. To employ an extreme example, suppose the authority’s
case had depended solely on inadmissible hearsay evidence. Surely a decision
to exclude all such evidence, even if it meant undermining the authority’s
entire case, cannot be questioned. Indeed, Taylor J clarified that:

I am not seeking in any way, nor could I, to fetter the inspector’s discretion
as to what evidence he should admit on those issues. _There is a clear
distinction between a blanket exclusion of all evidence on an issue, and
discretionary exclusion of evidence purporting to be directed to that issue._
[emphasis added]

24 Second, it should also be noted that in _Chelsea_ , the court was equally
impressed by the fact that the evidence that was excluded by the inspector
was, in fact, relevant to the determination of the core issues. As the court
put it, to exclude evidence that is, or may be relevant, is tantamount _to
declining_ jurisdiction. I am inclined to observe, as a subsidiary point, that
there may well be a conceptual distinction between excluding relevant evidence
and including inadmissible evidence. In the former case, the reviewing court
would have to call for new evidence or order a retrial if it finds the
evidence was wrongly excluded. That this would inevitably prolong the entire
proceedings would as such be an important consideration. In the latter case,
the reviewing court may simply conclude that the evidence was wrongly admitted
and assign little weight if any at all to it in its own determination.

25 In the present application, the primary concerns that troubled Taylor J in
_Chelsea_ do not arise. The main challenge or complaint is that the DC had
admitted evidence that the applicant alleges to be the product of entrapment,
which the applicant maintains, ought to have been excluded. But the obvious
wrinkle in the applicant’s submission is that there has been no precise
identification of the manner in which the DC is alleged to have failed to
exercise its discretion properly in admitting Lee’s evidence. Even a cursory
glance at the DC report suffices to indicate that the DC had seriously and
thoroughly considered the case law and pertinent arguments that the applicant
had submitted. It has not arbitrarily or whimsically made decisions on entire
areas of material and critical evidence; instead, it has demonstrated a proper
appreciation and consideration of the issues in question. Moreover, the DC was
correct in concluding that the current jurisprudence on entrapment did not
allow it the discretion to exclude Lee’s evidence; had the DC chosen to
exclude Lee’s evidence, the Law Society may well have been the party applying
for leave to seek judicial review at the appropriate juncture.

26 As for the submission that the DC had erred in failing to direct Tan to
disclose the identity of his client, this is a procedural and evidential issue
well within the discretionary remit of the DC. I should add that had the
identity of Tan’s client been at all relevant to the proceedings before the
DC, and had the DC simply ignored the applicant’s request to compel Tan to
reveal the identity of his client, this case might have an entirely different
complexion to it. As it stands, the applicant has not put forward any cogent
reason why the identity of Tan’s client is particularly important to his case.
Was this merely a matter of a tooth for a tooth? In short, in acceding to the
applicant’s request and disclosing who initiated the plan to entrap the
applicant what objective purpose would be achieved? As the DC chairperson, Mr
Steven Chong SC, correctly observed at p 84 of the notes of evidence (“NE”):

Chairperson: That’s one point. The other point is, you know, I’m sure we are
all curious to know who are these client law firms. But as to whether the Law
Society will investigate, whether the client who procured the services was in
fact acting unprofessionally, that is a matter for the Law Society to take it
up. But I’m just concerned this should not be seen – to be used as a forum –
tit-for-tat …

When pressed as to whether it mattered who the instructing law firm or law
firms were, counsel for the applicant (before the DC and this court) could
only vaguely suggest that it might be relevant in establishing whether the
instructing law firm(s) had been motivated by jealousy or malice. No attempt
howsoever was made to explain how and why the possibly malicious motive of the
instructing law firm(s) was either logically or legally relevant to a decision
as to whether the applicant had been entrapped. Nor is the motive of the
complainant or the instructing law firm(s) relevant to whether the current
proceedings against the applicant amount to an abuse of process. It would be
only an abuse of process if the _prosecution_ were animated by improper
motives: _Re Serif Systems Ltd_ (15 April 1997) (Queen’s Bench Division (Crown
Office List), UK). However, in the present case, the Law Society is
statutorily compelled to investigate the complaint against the applicant: see
s 87(2) of the LPA; _Chia Shih Ching James v Law Society of Singapore_
[9184–1985] SLR 53. No improper motives can be imputed to it. While it is
true, as the applicant states, that evidence of motive is generally considered
relevant pursuant to ss 8, 9 and 14 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the EA”), the relevancy sections in the EA are often overinclusive when
applied to specific factual matrices: see, on this point, John Woodroffe &
Syed Amir Ali, _Law of Evidence_ vol 1(Butterworths, 17th Ed, 2001) at pp
111–115. Thus, evidence that may be _de jure_ relevant under the EA may
nonetheless be _de facto_ irrelevant or immaterial in a particular context.
For example, while motive might be probative of an intention to harm or
embarrass, it is not probative of and, on the contrary, is entirely immaterial
to the central question in the present case (_viz_ , whether the facts amount
to entrapment). In any event, Mr Michael Hwang SC, counsel for the Law
Society, was entirely correct in contending that it is always open to the
applicant to subpoena and seek permission to ask leading questions of any firm
or lawyer that it believes is involved in any plot against him and the other
solicitors facing disciplinary charges. The DC’s decision to call for the
applicant to enter his defence does not extinguish this option.

27 In the circumstances, I find that the DC had neither erred nor abused its
discretion in rejecting the applicant’s submission that Lee’s evidence should
be excluded and that Tan should be compelled to reveal who had instructed him.

**_Whether a clear question of law arises from the Disciplinary Committee’s
order_**

28 The applicant further submits that this is an appropriate case to grant
leave to seek judicial review, notwithstanding the stage at which the DC
proceedings are, because a clear and important question of law has arisen as a
consequence of the DC’s decision to admit Lee’s evidence. For support, the
applicant relies on _Regina v Horseferry Road Justices, ex parte Independent
Broadcasting Authority_ [1987] 1 QB 54 (“ _IBA_ ”).

29 I am not at all persuaded that _IBA_ was determined on the basis that the
appellant has claimed. To be sure, the court in _IBA_ had to decide a question
of law, _viz_ , whether the complaint disclosed an offence known to law.
However, it would appear that the case was ultimately resolved on the basis
that there was no real alternative to seeking judicial review, and that to
require the lower court to proceed with their investigation when the very
jurisdiction of the court to do so was in question would have been a plain
waste of resources and time: see _IBA_ at 73. Therefore, while a clear
question of law was at issue in _IBA_ , my understanding of the case suggests
that that was decidedly not the fulcrum on which the case, in the final
analysis, turned on.

30 The case that the applicant might have relied on is _Regina v Broadcasting
Complaints Commission, ex parte British Broadcasting Corporation (_ 1994) 6
Admin LR 714 (“ _BBC_ ”), where Laws J held as follows:

I accept that in many contexts public bodies should in principle be left to
carry out their functions, according to their own perceptions of their duties,
without judicial interference at interim stages. _But the powers of the
Commission touch questions of editorial freedom;_ they represent the measure
of supervision over free expression of the broadcasting media. That is not to
say that the court should in any sense presume in favour of a restrictive
approach to their interpretation, but it means that _it is peculiarly
important that their reach should be established, and where there exists all
along a clean argument as to whether in law the Commission are entitled to
entertain a complaint,_ it will not generally be contrary to the public
interest that its merits be determined at an early stage _._ Certainly, there
is in my judgment nothing inappropriate in these proceedings. [emphasis added]

31 That said, _dicta_ in cases must be neither invoked nor applied without a
proper appreciation of their specific legal context and factual matrices.
_BBC_ , as the italicised words in the passage quoted clearly indicate,
involved not only the important issue of the constitutional rights of the
applicant, it was essentially also a fundamental challenge to the very basis
of jurisdiction assumed by the Commission in hearing the complaint against the
applicant. These two factors, _in conjunction with_ the fact that there was a
“clean argument” in law, persuaded the court that judicial review at an early
stage was appropriate. In addition, as the court in the subsequent case of
_Regina v Personal Investment Authority Ombudsman, ex parte The Burns-Anderson
Independent Network_ _plc_ (21 January 1997) (Court of Appeal (Civil
Division), UK) (“ _Burns-Anderson_ ”) astutely and correctly pointed out,
_BBC_ was also unique in that all the facts necessary to decide the issue were
before the reviewing court and there had been a final assumption of
jurisdiction by the lower court. In _Burns-Anderson_ , Auld LJ, who wrote the
leading judgment of the court, clearly expressed the view that the legal
cleanness or clarity of a challenge to jurisdiction or its likely consequences
should not normally by itself constitute a reason for depriving a tribunal in
the first instance of the right to determine whether it has the jurisdiction
to adjudicate on a matter brought before it.

32 Both _BBC_ and _Burns-Anderson_ bring into sharp focus the vital theme that
leave to seek judicial review should not be lightly granted where the
proceedings in the tribunal below are pending and a final determination has
yet to be made. That a clean legal argument may be presented to the reviewing
court is not by itself a sufficient reason to grant leave. In the usual course
of proceedings before an administrative tribunal or a disciplinary committee,
significant points of law or evidential issues would have to be resolved at
various interim phases of the proceedings. Notwithstanding that these
determinations may involve clean questions of law, it requires little
imagination to recognise that the floodgates will be literally thrown open if
leave were granted to attack and challenge each and every determination of
such “clean” legal issues by a tribunal of first instance.

33 The facts of the present application are neither unique nor exceptional.
Complaints to a tribunal often pivot on the admissibility or reliability of a
single witness’s evidence. This could be in relation to relevance (legal or
otherwise), credibility or weightage. Often, challenging such evidence can be
characterised as a clean point. Would it be permissible to challenge the
admissibility or reliability of such evidence on the basis that it can be
characterised as a clean point? Would this not be tantamount to the thin end
of the wedge, transforming the process of judicial review to one of interim
appeals or striking out applications?

34 In the final analysis, it is plain that the applicant is challenging
decisions to admit and/or exclude evidence. This challenge does not go to the
jurisdiction of the DC. Neither does the case turn on any hefty constitutional
implications. Therefore, while the present applicant may raise a clean
question of law, this by itself does not constitute an exceptional case.

**_Whether there is a real risk of irreparable damage as a result of the
Disciplinary Committee’s decision_**

35 The applicant asserts that there is a real risk of irreparable damage as a
result of the DC’s order. However, the applicant stops far short of
articulating precisely what this harm could have been. That the applicant may
have to face the Court of Three Judges does not, _ipso facto_ , constitute
_permanent_ prejudice to the applicant. In fact, as Mr Hwang rightly contends,
the availability of an appeal to the Court of Three Judges is a real and valid
reason _not_ to intervene by way of judicial review at this stage in this
matter.

36 It may be appropriate, at this juncture, to reiterate the nature of the
relationship between the proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee and the
show cause hearing before the Court of Three Judges. Proceedings before the
Disciplinary Committee are investigatory in nature: Tan Yock Lin, _The Law of
Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia_ (Butterworths, 2nd
Ed, 1998) (“Prof Tan”). Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) noted in _Carolyn
Tan Beng Hui v Law Society of Singapore_ [1999] SGHC 23, that the role of the
Disciplinary Committee is to carry out a thorough finding of fact as to
whether an advocate and solicitor was guilty of misconduct. That said, the
Disciplinary Committee’s findings are by no means conclusive. If the
Disciplinary Committee finds that cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary
action exists, the Court of Three Judges is empowered to review the merits of
the case: Prof Tan at p 896. In fact, in _Lau Liat Meng v Disciplinary
Committee_ [1965–1968] SLR 8, the Privy Council held that while the Court of
the Three Judges was certainly _entitled_ to act upon the findings of the
Disciplinary Committee, it continued to retain control of the disciplinary
process and had a discretion to hold a rehearing in a proper case. Even in the
ordinary case, where findings of fact are not reviewed _de novo_ , inferences
from findings of fact and conclusions of law (such as the definition of
entrapment and whether there was entrapment in this case) by the Disciplinary
Committee do not merit undue deference. In point of fact, the Court of Three
Judges recently acquitted an advocate and solicitor appearing before it on the
basis that the Disciplinary Committee in that case had erred in the inferences
it drew from the primary facts: see _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Cheong
Peng_ [2006] SGHC 145.

37 Moreover, the Court of Three Judges is not the only recourse that an
aggrieved solicitor has in disciplinary proceedings. In proper cases, a
solicitor may seek leave for judicial review at the conclusion of the
disciplinary proceedings. In _Kalpanath_ ([1] _supra_), for instance, the
applicant applied for and obtained an order for leave to quash the findings of
the Disciplinary Committee (and succeeded in doing so) _after_ the
Disciplinary Committee in that case had made a determination that a cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action existed.

38 These considerations take the present application outside decisions such as
_R v Commissioners for the Special Purposes of Income Tax Acts, ex parte
Stipplechoice_ [1985] 2 All ER 465 (“ _Stipplechoice_ ”). In _Stipplechoice_ ,
the facts confronting the court involved a situation in which there was no
procedure for appealing against a grant of leave by an income tax commissioner
to issue an assessment out of time, even though one could appeal against the
assessment itself. Moreover, in that case, the applicant had been able to
establish an arguable case that the information that the commissioner had
relied upon could not reasonably have led to the conclusion he arrived at on
the relevant issue. Accordingly, I find that the applicant has not
demonstrated that there arguably exists a real risk of irreparable damage as a
result of the DC’s decisions that could conceivably justify an early
invocation of this court’s supervisory jurisdiction.

**_Whether there is cost savings in not exposing the applicant to the full
decision-making process_**

39 In almost every application for leave to seek judicial review, it could
conceivably be alleged or contended that resolving the disputed issue at an
early stage will save costs because it avoids the inconvenience, procedural
tedium as well as additional costs of having to appeal a final decision.
However, the cost savings of averting an appeal cannot be assessed in
isolation; it must be calibrated and evaluated against the costs and
consequences involved in initiating the process for judicial review as well.
Were this not the proper approach, every such application to seek judicial
review will invariably be granted. In other words, in assessing whether it
would be appropriate to allow a review at an early stage, a court should also
take into account the _opportunity cost_ of granting or not granting the
application. Where the proceedings in the tribunal below are likely to be
extremely lengthy and complicated, there may well be significant and negative
consequences if the court fails to intervene at an early stage. Conversely,
the case for intervention is much less compelling if the proceedings below are
not unusually complex and lengthy because the applicant would then, without
substantial delay, be able to file an appeal or leave for judicial review once
the proceedings are concluded.

40 One scenario of where the court correctly found that there would be savings
if it intervened at an early stage is _Regina v Tickell, ex parte London
Borough of Greenwich_ (12 December 1986) (Court of Appeal (Civil Division),
UK) (“ _Greenwich_ ”), which was cited by the court in _Chelsea_ ([22]
_supra_). In _Greenwich_ , a decision was made on the 185th day of an inquiry
refusing to order that certain additional investigations be conducted. The
applicant was dissatisfied with this and applied for judicial review to quash
the ruling. Counsel for the applicant argued that it was desirable to decide
this then and there so as to avoid any waste of time and money in continuing
the proceedings should the inquiry be challenged and invalidated subsequently.
Parker LJ made the following remarks:

I should also say that I fully understand and accept Mr Sullivan’s reasons for
seeking to raise this matter at this stage. _The Inquiry has been immensely
long and immensely expensive._ It should clearly be disastrous if, when the
report is made and a decision taken, there were then to be an application for
judicial review which resulted in the report, or decision, being quashed and
thus throwing away the vast amounts of money already spend on the Inquiry.
[emphasis added]

41 In _Chelsea_ itself, Taylor J opined that the final determination in the
proceedings below was likely to be very long in coming. Therefore, it would be
more expeditious to allow the application for judicial review rather than
compel the parties to incur additional time and expenses until a final
determination was made. This is consistent with judicial commonsense.

42 In my view, the present application is a far cry from the factual scenario
in either _Chelsea_ or _Greenwich_. There is on the contrary a significant
cost to granting this application that is not outweighed by the inconvenience,
embarrassment and costs that the applicant might incur if the proceedings
before the DC are allowed to run their usual course. The present application
provides a textbook example of the very real drawbacks of inappropriately
applying for judicial review at an early stage. Had the applicant proceeded
with its case before the DC, there would in all likelihood have been a final
determination of the subject complaint by now. The applicant, if dissatisfied,
could and would then have taken this issue before the Court of Three Judges.
Indeed, I note from the NE that the Law Society’s case took merely two days to
present. Instead, as a result of this strenously argued application for leave
to seek judicial review and the pending appeal, this case is likely to drag on
further for a significant period of time. If the applicant succeeds (although
the applicant will be spared the decision of whether to take the stand), not
much time or costs will be saved even if the DC proceedings are thereby short-
circuited. If the applicant fails on appeal, the proceedings before the DC
will proceed from where they left off. Having considered afresh the
implications of allowing this application, I reiterate that it cannot be
reasonably or properly contended that the result would translate to a net
saving in time or resources.

**_Concluding observations on the prematurity of the application_**

43 Upon analysing the submissions made on behalf of the applicant, I am far
from satisfied that this case is endowed with any arresting features that
warrant or compel the exercise of my discretion to grant leave to seek
judicial review, at this stage. While the Law Society’s case against the
applicant before the DC turns on evidence that the applicant seeks to exclude,
this, in and of itself, is not a sufficient ground to grant judicial review,
unless it can be shown that the DC has arguably abused its discretion or acted
in a way that was tantamount to declining jurisdiction: see [22] to [24]
above. Moreover, even though it may be argued that a clean question of law
arises from the DC’s order, this alone does not suffice to invoke my
discretion. In addition, I find that any prejudice that may have been caused
in allowing the DC to proceed is easily reversible either by applying for
judicial review at the end of the DC proceedings or by seeking to overturn the
DC’s determination before the Court of Three Judges. Finally, far from saving
any costs, by this court’s intervention in the proceedings below, the costs of
this application itself have, in all probability, already exceeded the costs
which would have been incurred had the applicant embarked on the usual course
of addressing grievances to the Court of Three Judges, if indeed any exist,
after the final determination by the DC. In the end, I must agree with both Mr
Hwang and Mr Chan that this was not by any stretch of the imagination an
exceptional case. All that the DC has done was to agree to admit Lee’s
evidence. It has not yet determined what impact this evidence will have on the
final decision. Last, but not least, it is still open to the applicant to call
Yap if he is so inclined.

44 Two further points may be briefly alluded to. First, the applicant submits
that one reason that this court should grant his application is because it
would be of precedential value to the other cases pending before other
Disciplinary Committees on similar issues. However, as Mr Chan correctly
observed, every Disciplinary Committee is separately constituted and compelled
by law to comply with strict timelines for the completion of its
investigations. It is therefore not possible for any of the Disciplinary
Committees to suspend their investigations in order to await this court’s
decision. Moreover, the appellant’s contention cuts both ways. That other
similar cases are pending would only have been an additional (but not
decisive) factor in favour of the applicant _if_ he had been able to bring
this application within the exceptions articulated in the case law: see [20]
above. He clearly has not. Further, if this application is premature (which I
have found it is), then the prospect of ruling prematurely in _several_ _other
cases_ makes allowing this application even less attractive.

45 Finally, with all due respect to Mr N Sreenivasan, counsel for the
applicant, my decision does not sacrifice fairness and due process at the
altar of expediency. It cannot be gainsaid that the availability of judicial
review constitutes an important judicial remedy for an aggrieved party’s
rights and is a vital component of the judiciary’s armoury in ensuring that
decisions by public bodies, tribunals and administrative agencies invariably
hew to the rule of law. However, inasmuch as the rule of law is concerned with
substance, it also requires that where fair and reasonable procedures are put
in place to ensure substantive justice, those procedures should be observed in
the normal course of events. Otherwise, a blatant mockery will be made not
only of those procedures, but also of the processual component of the rule of
law.

**Entrapment**

46 For the sake of completeness, I shall also address the issue of entrapment.
This might further reassure the applicant that I was not unmindful of the
substantive implications of my decision to deny his application.

47 It has been famously remarked that Eve was not exonerated when she
attempted to plead in her defence that “the serpent beguiled me”. Entrapment
is not, strictly-speaking, a self-standing concept in Singapore partly because
it is not recognised as a defence to a prosecution: see, the most recent Court
of Appeal decision in _Amran bin Eusuff v PP_ [2002] SGCA 20. Rather,
entrapment is examined as part of the broader category of “illegally or
improperly obtained evidence”. This starting point is neither controversial
nor disputed by the parties.

48 From this point onwards, the tapestry of legal issues and principles
becomes more intricate. The considerations that arise for determination are as
follows: first, when does conduct by the investigating party cross the line
from surreptitious but legitimate investigation and surveillance into
illegitimate entrapment? Second, is (and should) there be a distinction
between the limits that a court will place on investigative methods conducted
by the state and by private agencies? Finally, do the facts of the present
case support the applicant’s allegation of illegitimate entrapment?

**_What is entrapment?_**

49 The genesis in Singapore of the principle recognising that it may, in some
limited circumstances, be appropriate to exclude evidence that is unlawfully
obtained is to be found in _Cheng Swee Tiang v PP_ [1964] MLJ 291 (“ _Cheng
Swee Tiang_ ”). The circumstances leading to this decision can be described as
somewhat out of the ordinary. Two police officers had entered the appellant’s
shop, which dealt in textiles, provisions and cigarettes, for the express
purpose of entrapping the appellant into accepting their stakes in an illegal
lottery scheme. One of the officers asked to buy sugar, and when the appellant
told him that he did not sell sugar, he asked whether he could buy some
numbers in a lottery. The officer purchased three dollars worth of this
lottery. He left the shop, told his superior officer of what had taken place,
and the appellant’s shop was subsequently raided and the appellant arrested.
At the conclusion of the trial, the appellant was found guilty and sentenced
accordingly. However, in the course of the appeal, the Solicitor-General
indicated that he was not seeking to support the conviction on the evidence
and the appeal was therefore allowed. In the course of the appeal, the
appellant raised a point of law relating to the admissibility of evidence
obtained illegally or unlawfully. A three-member court, which included Wee
Chong Jin CJ, was specially constituted to decide this issue.

50 Wee CJ, writing for the majority, held, at 292, that:

It is undisputed law therefore that while evidence unlawfully obtained is
admissible if relevant, _there is a judicial discretion to disallow such
evidence, if its reception would operate unfairly against an accused_.
[emphasis added]

51 While Wee CJ did not attempt to elaborate on the circumstances under which
the admission of unlawfully obtained evidence would or should be considered
“unfair” to the accused, he did briefly explain (at 293) that two conflicting
tensions prevail in the exercise of such discretion:

[T]here can be I think no question that from the standpoint of principle two
important interests come into conflict when considering the question of
admissibility of such evidence so obtained. On the one hand there is the
interest of the individual to be protected from _illegal invasions of his
liberties_ _by the authorities_ and on the other hand the interest of the
State to secure that evidence bearing upon the commission of crime and
necessary to enable justice to be done shall not be withheld from the courts
on any merely technical ground. [emphasis added]

52 It would appear that, according to Wee CJ, unlawfully obtained evidence
should be excluded not simply just because the evidence itself was prejudicial
or unreliable. Rather, the courts would exclude such evidence on the basis
that the conduct of the investigating authority has exceeded the bounds of
propriety and has “illegally invaded the liberties” of the accused. In other
words, the objection to the admission of unlawfully obtained evidence does not
hinge on the possibility that the trial itself may become procedurally or
substantively tainted. It is because the courts should not invariably condone
a prosecution of allegedly unlawful conduct on the accused’s part when the
evidence necessary to sustain a conviction is itself obtained through illegal
and unlawful means. This is sometimes known as the “judicial integrity”
rationale: see Andrew Ashworth, “What is Wrong with Entrapment?” [1999]
SingJLS 293 at 307. Professor Ashworth further developed and explained the
concerns in “Re-drawing the Boundaries of Entrapment” (2002) Crim L Rev 161
(“Re-drawing the Boundaries of Entrapment”) at 163:

Its essence is that it would compromise the integrity of the courts if they
were to act on the fruits of manifestly unacceptable practices by law
enforcement officers; or, to put it another way, that criminal justice would
lose its moral authority if courts did not insist that those who enforce the
law should also obey the law. It is therefore, at root, a principle of
consistency – that it would be inconsistent for the courts, as guardians of
human rights and the rule of law, to act on evidence obtained by methods which
violate human rights and/or the rule of law.

53 The decision in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([49] _supra_) was clearly premised, not
on the letter of the EA but rather, on the scaffolding furnished by the then-
leading English decision of _Kuruma, Son of Kaniu v The Queen_ [1955] AC 197
(“ _Kuruma_ ”). However, _Kuruma_ itself was subsequently reinterpreted by the
House of Lords in _Regina v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 (“ _Sang_ ”), where it was
determined that entrapment did not provide a substantive defence to a
prosecution. The conduct of the police where the use of an _agent provocateur_
is involved was a matter to be taken into consideration only in the mitigation
of sentence. In addition, the discretion to exclude evidence on the basis that
it was improperly obtained was severely curtailed. Lord Diplock, at 436,
delivering what is widely regarded as the leading judgment of the House, held
that there was a discretion to exclude evidence _only_ where (a) it was likely
to be more prejudicial than probative; and (b) the evidence was tantamount to
a self-incriminatory confession which had been obtained from the defendant,
after the offence had been committed, by means which would justify a judge in
excluding an actual confession which had the like self-incriminating effect.
It may be observed, however, that some of the other Law Lords appeared to have
acknowledged the existence of a more general fairness-based exclusionary
discretion. Lord Salmon took the broader stance that a judge always had a
discretion to reject evidence on the ground that it would make the trial
unfair. Lord Fraser of Tullybelton opined that judges should be left to
exercise their discretion “in accordance with their individual views of what
is unfair or oppressive or morally reprehensible”: _Sang_ at 450. Lord Scarman
echoed these sentiments.

54 The impact of _Sang_ on _Cheng Swee Tiang_ was considered in _Ajmer Singh v
PP_ [1986] SLR 454 (“ _Ajmer Singh_ ”). That case did not involve entrapment;
it concerned evidence (a blood sample) obtained in circumstances that were
arguably contrary to the relevant procedures mandated under the Road Traffic
Act (Cap 92, 1970 Rev Ed). In the course of its judgment, the court held that
it had the discretion to exclude evidence obtained in circumstances that were
tantamount to or analogous to involuntary and self-incriminating confessions,
as was held in _Sang_. Crucially, the court further held that _Sang_ was
_consistent_ with _Cheng Swee Tiang_ : _Ajmer Singh_ at 459, [18]. Given that
_Sang_ limited the exclusionary discretion of the courts to the two categories
highlighted above whereas _Cheng Swee Tiang_ did not, the two cases can only
be reconciled if the court meant one of two things. The court could have meant
to implicitly reject the narrow holding in _Sang_ to the extent that the court
should have a plenary discretion to exclude evidence that was unlawfully
obtained if admitting such evidence would “operate unfairly” against the
accused. Alternatively, the court could simply have been making the obvious
point that the discretion to exclude evidence if it was tantamount to an
involuntary confession fell within the broader discretionary powers that
_Cheng Swee Tiang_ endorsed. In _that_ context, the court could not have
intended to make any final pronouncement on whether _Sang_ should receive
unqualified acceptance in Singapore.

55 If there had been any uncertainty as to whether _Sang_ applied to
Singapore, the Court of Appeal’s decision in _How Poh Sun v PP_ [1991] SLR 220
(“ _How Poh Sun_ ”) appeared to have emphatically resolved the issue. Yong
Pung How CJ, writing for the court, held at 224, [21] that:

The observations of the Law Lords that the defences of agent provocateur and
entrapment do not exist in English law would also reflect the position in
Singapore. _It is not the province of the court to consider whether the CNB
should have proceeded about its work in one way or the other_. The court
should only be concerned with the evidence before it. [emphasis added]

56 However, any expansive reading of _How Poh Sun_ suggesting that no
evidence, no matter how improperly it was obtained, could ever be excluded,
was short-lived and was once again brought into question in the subsequent
High Court decision of _SM Summit Holdings Ltd v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 922 (“
_Summit_ ”). As a preliminary but significant point, it should be observed
that the decision in _Summit_ was pronounced by Yong CJ, who had also earlier
delivered the decision in _How Poh Sun_. Therefore, while it must be the case
that any direct conflict must be resolved in favour of _How Poh Sun_ (because
it is a Court of Appeal decision), _Summit_ is important to the extent that it
sheds further light on the intended breadth and ramifications of the earlier
ruling in _How Poh Sun_.

57 _Summit_ involved a private investigator who had been hired by certain
software companies to approach the petitioners to manufacture a master copy
for each of eight various CD-ROMs that the investigator handed over. Unknown
to the petitioner, four of the CD-ROMs contained programmes which infringed
the copyright and trademark belonging to various other software companies. The
petitioner purportedly agreed to manufacture the masters and handed them over
to the investigator when they were completed. This formed the basis of a
complaint, which led to the issuance of search warrants and a raid of the
petitioners’ premises.

58 The petitioners filed for a criminal revision to quash the search warrants,
which the court allowed. In his grounds of decision, Yong CJ expressed
“considerable misgivings” about the manner in which the investigator had
procured the evidence. The critical passage in the decision is at [42], which
reads:

The petitioners naturally objected strongly to the manner in which the
evidence was procured. The prosecution relied on _R v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 ...
to argue that entrapment was not a defence under Singapore law. ... However,
_Sang_ is not of universal application in all cases of illegally obtained
evidence. In my opinion, _Sang_ has been cited too frequently by the
prosecution in an attempt to admit any evidence which is illegally or
improperly obtained without any real consideration as to its underlying
principles. There are several distinguishing features between _Sang_ and the
present case. First, as alluded to earlier, _this was not a typical case of
illegality in obtaining the evidence of a crime already committed but a case
where the illegality procured the very offence_. [emphasis added]

59 The rationale for _Summit’s_ ultimate holding is explained in [52]:

There is a distinction between the case where police conduct has merely
induced the accused person to commit the offence which he has committed (as in
_Sang_) and the case where the illegal police conduct itself constitutes an
essential ingredient of the charged offence. ... In the former category, it is
a case where the public interest in the conviction and punishment of those
guilty of crime is likely to prevail over other considerations, and the
exclusion of evidence would in fact undermine judicial integrity in allowing
such alleged offenders to get away. _In the latter category, the illegality
and the threat to the rule of law which it involves assume a particularly
malignant aspect. ... The integrity of the administration of criminal justice
would require that such evidence be excluded_. [emphasis added]

60 It will be recalled that in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([49] _supra_), the judicial
integrity rationale was also exploited to justify the court’s discretion to
exclude evidence obtained in circumstances where its admissibility would
operate unfairly against the accused. However, unlike the majority’s approach
in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ , which acknowledged that it may be impossible to draw a
bright line beyond which the principle of judicial integrity is violated,
preferring therefore to leave the line-drawing to trial judges who would be
able to take into account the “circumstances of each particular case”,
_Summit_ appears to have drawn the line at whether or not the _illegal_
methods of an investigator precedes and forms part of the illegal conduct for
which the accused is being charged.

61 A couple of observations may be appropriately made at this juncture. First,
it is important to realise and acknowledge that while parts of the decision in
_Summit_ sought to suggest that _Sang_ was simply _inapplicable_ to the
established facts in _Summit_ , the holding in _Summit_ , in effect, carves
out another _exception_ to _Sang_ in that the latter case was explicit in
denying any discretion to the courts to exclude evidence regardless of how the
evidence was obtained. Admittedly the facts of _Sang_ are distinguishable from
_Summit_ but their Lordships (in particular, Lord Diplock) cannot be
understood to have left open the possibility that, in some circumstances,
evidence obtained by unfair or unlawful or illegal means could be excluded.
Second, _Summit_ could be interpreted as holding that the _only_ exception to
the general principle that the courts will not look at how the evidence is
obtained is where the illegality of the investigating authority precedes the
commission of the offence. But the factual matrix of _Summit_ lent itself to
such a narrowly-tailored exception and the court did not have to venture any
further. Whether the court intended to leave open the possibility that there
could be other situations where it might hold that it has the discretion to
exclude evidence depending on how it was obtained is certainly debatable.
After all, it is conceivable that the judicial integrity principle may be
violated in circumstances other than the one presented by _Summit_. Indeed,
this was held to be the case in the fairly recent decision by the House of
Lords in _Regina v Looseley; Attorney General’s Reference (No 3 of 2000)_
[2001] 1 WLR 2060 (“ _Looseley_ ”), to which I will now turn briefly.

62 It is pertinent to note that _Sang_ ([53] _supra_) has now been largely
emasculated by the subsequent decision in _Looseley_. While the House
continued to hold that entrapment was not a substantive defence, it held that
proceedings could be stayed or evidence excluded on the ground that evidence
was obtained by entrapment. Therefore, whether there had been entrapment is
not relevant only to mitigation in sentencing: see, generally, Simon Bronitt,
“Sang is Dead, Loosely Speaking – _R v Looseley_ ” [2002] SingJLS 374. In Prof
Ashworth’s view, the holding in _Looseley_ may be summarised as follows (“Re-
drawing the Boundaries of Entrapment” [52] _supra_ at 170):

A. There is no entrapment (i) if the law enforcement officers have reasonable
grounds to suspect the targeted individual of involvement in a certain kind of
offence, or at least reasonable grounds to suspect people frequenting a
particular place to be thus involved, (ii) if the officers are duly authorised
to carry out the operation, in compliance with the appropriate Code of
Practice, and (iii) if the officers do no more than provide the individual
with an unexceptional opportunity to commit the offence.

B. If a law enforcement officer does not have reasonable grounds for
suspicion, or, having reasonable grounds, goes further than the provision of
an unexceptional opportunity [and thus can be said to instigate the offence or
to be a substantial cause of it], that conduct amounts to entrapment and the
prosecution should be stayed.

63 This case was the culmination of three parallel streams of almost
independent development: first, the statutory reversal of _Sang_ _vide_ s 78
of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c 60) (“PACE”); second, the
maturity of a doctrine of abuse of process apropos serious abuses of power by
the executive; and third, the coming into force of the Human Rights Act 1998
(c 42), which protects the accused’s right to fair trial. It is pertinent to
note that Lord Hoffmann noted in _Looseley_ at [38]:

The court’s assertion of such a jurisdiction is of recent origin. It was not
even discussed as a possible response to entrapment by the Law Commission in
its Criminal Law Report on Defences of General Application (1977) (Law Com No
83), which dealt with entrapment at pp 32-53. Nor was it mentioned by the
House of Lords in _R v Sang_ [1980] AC 402, when it was decided that the court
had no discretion to exclude evidence on the ground that the offence had been
procured by entrapment or that the evidence had been unfairly obtained. _It
seems fairly clear, however, that if anyone had suggested such a jurisdiction,
it would have been emphatically rejected. Lord Diplock, at p 432, dismissed
the notion of a discretion to exclude evidence of an offence procured by
entrapment as a ‘procedural device’ to evade the rule that entrapment was not
a substantive defence. He would almost certainly have taken the same view of a
stay of proceedings_ as Mason CJ, Deane and Dawson JJ later did in their joint
judgment in _Ridgeway v The Queen_ 184 CLR 19, 40. The House in _R v Sang_
said that the only constitutionally proper way in which the court could mark
its disapproval was by admonishing the police (as Lord Goddard CJ) had done in
_Brannan v Peek_ [1948] 1 KB 68, 72 and _Browning v JWH Watson (Rochester)
Ltd_ [1953] 1 WLR 1172, 1177) and by imposing a light or nominal sentence. It
was for the police authorities to take disciplinary action or prosecute
policemen or informants who took part in the crime. [emphasis added]

64 Of course, Singapore courts are not bound by _Looseley_ , any more than
they are bound by _Sang_. None of these developments, which are peculiar to
England, have been mirrored in Singapore: _Ong Chin Keat Jeffrey v PP_ [2004]
4 SLR 483. Once it is acknowledged that our law does not recognise a
substantive defence of entrapment the issue of staying criminal proceedings
does not arise. There is a real distinction between staying proceedings on the
basis that they constitute an abuse of process on the one hand and dismissing
proceedings on the basis that the prosecution has not discharged its burden
because of evidentiary rulings against it on the other. For my part, assuming
I were unfettered by any authority, I would be persuaded that there will be
particularly egregious instances of misconduct where the courts should reject
evidence that has been procured in a manner that might be inimically repellent
to the integrity of the administration of justice. This will protect those who
should not be convicted contrary to the public’s sense of justice. In seeking
to cut evidential Gordian knots, the ends cannot be inevitably and invariably
held to justify the means. To do so can only result in indelible scars to the
administration and perception of justice. Public confidence in the principled
administration of justice must inevitably be the paramount consideration.

**_A distinction between state and private entrapment?_**

65 Professor Ashworth opines that as a matter of basic principle, if the basis
for excluding evidence is that the judiciary ought not to be giving its
imprimatur to infractions undermining the rule of law, then, indeed, some
difficulty is encountered in extending this principle to private entrapment.
However, he contends correctly, in my view, that the consequences of
entrapment are the same whether or not the state is involved; and that “[w]e
should surely not welcome a society in which private investigators and
journalists are free to employ deception on whatever scale, and in whatever
circumstances, they please”. See, on these points, “Re-drawing the Boundaries
of Entrapment” ([52] _supra_) at 176.

66 Be that as it may, the applicant in the present case has attempted to
further elevate the distinction. He suggests that private investigators should
be subject to far greater scrutiny than law enforcement agencies because no
public interest is actually served by private investigators undertaking such
conduct.

67 It is certainly true that in _Summit_ ([56] _supra_ at [57]), it was stated
that, “There is no public interest in the members of the public undertaking
such conduct.” However, there can be no doubt that the court applied the
_same_ test in respect of police-directed entrapment (_viz_ , whether the
illegality preceded the offence) and private entrapment. And, if indeed the
court meant to apply a more rigorous review in relation to private entrapment,
it was not stated at all what that higher standard ought to be. In my view,
all that Yong CJ meant by the _dictum_ relied upon by the applicant was that
it could be more morally reprehensible for an investigating party to engage in
entrapment when it was not even instrumental to the service of any public
interest; however, that did not necessarily attract a different set of legal
rules. As will be explained, there is an important public interest at stake in
this case: see [83] below. More pertinently, given that the holding in _Sang_
([53] _supra_) is the admissibility bedrock in Singapore, the distinction
between state-directed and private entrapment cannot and does not arise. My
view finds support in a recent article by Kate Hofmeyr, “The Problem of
Private Entrapment” [2006] Crim L R 319 at 327–328:

If entrapment in English law had remained where the judgment of the House of
Lords in _Sang_ left it, namely relegated to the status of an issue relevant
to sentencing only, the so-called “problem of private entrapment” would not
exist. _On the_ Sang _rationale, entrapment, whether at the hands of the state
or of a private party is irrelevant to the conviction of the accused._
[emphasis added]

68 In any event, the applicant has not been able to demonstrate where the
difference lies between the tests to be employed in respect of private
entrapment on the one hand and state-directed entrapment on the other. Indeed,
in suggesting that any difficulty in defining the parameters of investigative
tactics could be ignored in this case because it involved a private
investigator, the applicant is impliedly submitting that all unfavourable
evidence obtained through private entrapment should be excluded. This is
decidedly not what _Summit_ held. Mr Chan also submitted:

The AG would also note that if the evidence of the PI is excluded because of
the misconduct of the solicitor who engaged them, this means that the
solicitor under investigation may escape the consequences of his misconduct
where there is clearly evidence that he did commit the acts alleged against
him. The AG would opine that such a ruling may result in a public perception
of the legal profession and its disciplinary processes that is even worse than
that may arise if evidence improperly obtained is admitted. The AG would
submit that such an outcome should be avoided at all costs.

I am persuaded by such a submission.

**_Whether investigative impropriety is established in this case_**

69 If this case were to be decided purely on the basis of _How Poh Sun_ ([55]
_supra_), there can be no question that this application is misconceived
because the courts (and correspondingly, the DC) cannot exclude evidence no
matter how inappropriately it was procured. However, as Yong CJ rightly
pointed out in _Summit_ , the ambit of _Sang_ , and by implication _How Poh
Sun,_ is not without its boundaries; and the line is crossed when the _agent
provocateur_ himself engages in prior illegal conduct in order to procure the
offence for which the accused is charged. However, Mr Chan persuasively
submitted that even this exception created by _Summit_ did not aid the
applicant’s case because Lee had not committed any offence.

70 In response, the applicant somewhat implausibly submitted that Lee had
engaged in illegal conduct by cheating the applicant and by abetting the
applicant’s breach of the LPA in procuring her evidence. As to whether Lee had
committed an offence of cheating pursuant to s 415 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“the PC”), it is noteworthy that the applicant has merely
regurgitated his arguments submitted before the DC; he has not addressed the
very lucid and compelling analysis by the DC that an offence of cheating can
only be made out if it can be shown that Lee had intentionally induced the
person who claims to have been cheated into doing something which he otherwise
would not have done.

71 I also agree with the DC that the LPA and the subsidiary rules that govern
the discipline of the legal profession are neither penal nor criminal in
nature. Indeed, as Prof Tan points out, the jurisdiction to discipline
misconducting advocates and solicitors is on the whole civil in nature, even
if elements of due process unique to the criminal process (such as requiring
proof beyond reasonable doubt) are incorporated: see Prof Tan ([36] _supra_)
at pp 765–767. If it were otherwise, a conviction of a solicitor for a
criminal offence would bar disciplinary proceedings since it will violate the
constitutional protection against double jeopardy. Similarly, conduct by a
solicitor that breaches the LPA may attract criminal proceedings, not because
the solicitor has breached the LPA _per se_ but because his conduct is also
and separately prohibited by the criminal law. Even if I am wrong on these
points, I am satisfied that the particular breach of s 11A(2)(_b_) of Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) that this
case involves (_ie_ , the payment of a referral fee) is not itself a criminal
offence. The applicant’s argument that Lee had committed an offence of
abetment can be characterised as imaginative.

72 The applicant then, as an argument of last resort, submits that even if Lee
had not committed an offence in procuring his breach of the LPA, she had acted
improperly and this suffices to give the court the discretion to exclude Lee’s
evidence. It is very clear that _Summit’s_ holding applies only in respect of
prior _illegal_ conduct undertaken by an _agent provocateur_ : see [59] above.
Indeed, the facts of _Summit_ (the investigator there had himself infringed
the copyright of several companies) involved illegality, not mere ethical
impropriety. In this regard, I express my agreement with Mr Chan that given
the carefully modulated language employed by Yong CJ in _Summit_ , its ruling
should be restricted to the specific facts of that case. As I pointed out
above, it may well be that _Summit_ could be read more broadly; but in light
of _How Poh Sun_ , which held that the courts had no discretion in general to
reject evidence that is _illegally or improperly_ obtained, it would be now
remiss for this court to presently do so in these proceedings.

73 On a careful consideration of the merits, and quite apart from the whether
the application is premature to begin with, I found that the DC did not err in
admitting Lee’s evidence.

**Conclusion**

**_The threshold for leave_**

74 The standard of review that the courts apply in applications for leave to
seek judicial review has now been firmly established. In _IRC v National
Federation of Self-Employed and Small Businesses Ltd_ [1982] AC 617 at 643,
Lord Diplock held:

My Lords, at the threshold stage, for the federation to make out a prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion that the board in showing a discriminatory
leniency to a substantial class of taxpayers had done so for ulterior reasons
extraneous to good management, and thereby deprived the national exchequer of
considerable sums of money, constituted what was in my view reason enough for
the Divisional Court to consider that the federation, or, for that matter, any
taxpayer, had sufficient interest to apply to have the question whether the
Board were acting ultra vires reviewed by the court. The whole purpose of
requiring that leave should first be obtained to make the application for
judicial review would be defeated if the court were to go into the matter in
any depth at that stage. _If, on a quick perusal of the material then
available, the court thinks that it discloses what might on further
consideration turn out to be an arguable case in favour of granting to the
applicant the relief claimed, it ought, in the exercise of a judicial
discretion, to give him leave to apply for that relief. The discretion that
the court is exercising at this stage is not the same as that which it is
called upon to exercise when all the evidence is in and the matter has been
fully argued at the hearing of the application_. [emphasis added]

75 The Court of Appeal, in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for Information
and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR 609 (“ _Colin Chan_ ”) accepted this test and
further explained at 616, [22] that:

This passage appears susceptible to two slightly different interpretations.
One is that the court should quickly peruse the material put before it and
consider whether such material discloses ‘what might on further consideration
turn out to be an arguable case’. The other is that the applicant had to make
out a ‘prima facie case of reasonable suspicion’. In our view, both tests
present a very low threshold and it is questionable whether there is really
any difference in substance between the two interpretations.

76 More recently, in _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1
SLR 644 at [20], the Court of Appeal approved of the following formulation by
the trial judge of the applicable test in applications for leave to seek
judicial review (see _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Public Service Commission_ [2000]
SGHC 162 at [44]):

[T]he duty of the court hearing an exparte application, such as the one at
hand, was not to embark upon any detailed and microscopic analysis of the
material placed before it but as enjoined by the Singapore Court of Appeal in
[_Colin Chan_] to peruse the material before it quickly and appraise whether
such material disclosed an arguable and a _prima facie_ case of reasonable
suspicion. In my view, the applicant had more than comfortably crossed the
threshold barriers and had placed adequate material before the court for it to
conclude that there was indeed a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion.

77 Having first perused and heard the submissions of both the applicant and
the respondent, I am satisfied not only that the application was premature but
that even on its merits, no arguable and/or _prima facie_ case of reasonable
suspicion can be made establishing that the DC had wrongly admitted Lee’s
evidence and/or wrongly refused to compel Tan to reveal his instructing
client. I should highlight that if these grounds of decision seem fairly
involved, it is only because I think it might be helpful to explicate my
reasoning in greater depth and detail for precedential purposes. I must
confess that my first reading of the papers indicated to me that the applicant
was barking up the wrong tree though I was prepared to be persuaded otherwise.
The applicant’s arguments have only however served to convince me that he
should not be given the opportunity to delay the DC proceedings any further.

**_Matters susceptible to judicial review_**

78 One final but important observation should be made. When one scrutinises
the submissions made by the applicant, it will be readily apparent that what
the applicant is in fact seeking to achieve is to bring either a case stated
to this court or an appeal on the merits of the DC’s order to admit the
evidence; not a review of the process and/or procedure by which the DC made
its determination. In so far as bringing a case stated from a DC hearing to
the High Court is concerned, this would be entirely improper. The case stated
is a specialised procedure and available only when provided for in law. In
this respect, there is no provision in the LPA allowing any party to bring a
case stated to the High Court.

79 Furthermore, there is a clear distinction between the powers that a
superior court exercises in judicial reviews and appeals. While judicial
reviews and appeals are two avenues that an unsatisfied party in an inferior
tribunal may have recourse to, they are separate and distinct in so far as
they are designed to address two different _types_ of wrongs that the tribunal
may commit. Judicial review is almost invariably limited to examining, _inter
alia_ , whether the tribunal has exceeded its jurisdiction, whether there has
been an abuse of discretion or a failure of natural justice, and whether the
tribunal has acted irrationally, unreasonably or in bad faith. In other words,
it hinges on the legality of the decision. An appeal, on the other hand has a
wider scope: an appellate court may in limited circumstances evaluate the
substantive merits of the decision arrived at by the tribunal: see _AG v Ng
Hock Guan_ [2004] 3 SLR 253 at [22]. See also, _Judicial Remedies_ ([14]
_supra_) at para 11-052 and William Wade & Christopher Forsyth,
_Administrative Law_ (Oxford University Press, 9th Ed, 2004) at p 704. As
explained in Mark Aronson & Bruce Dyer, _Judicial Review of Administrative
Action_ (LCB Information Services, 2nd Ed, 2000) at pp 134–142, the basic
distinction between an appeal and a review operates at two levels: one is
formal and the other is substantive. At the formal level, the reviewing court
cannot substitute its decision for that of the administrative body under
review. This is because the task of determining the rights of the parties has
been statutorily conferred on the administrative body, not the court. The
reviewing court may declare that the task has been performed badly in law but
it cannot take the further step of actually performing the task itself. This
dichotomy also explains why this application to, _inter alia,_ move the
proceedings before the DC to the High Court is entirely without basis. At the
substantive level, a reviewing court should be acutely conscious that the task
was entrusted to the DC for good reason, not least of which is the admirable
statutory policy that an advocate and solicitor should first be judged by a
panel of his own peers, and accord it the necessary deference. In my view,
these are cogent reasons why in a judicial review, the court should not
examine the _merits_ of the decisions reached by such an administrative or
statutory body.

80 To the extent that the show cause proceedings determine, for the first time
in the disciplinary process, whether an advocate and solicitor should be
disbarred or suspended, the Court of Three Judges does not, technically
speaking, sit as an appellate court over the Disciplinary Committee. However,
as noted above, it does have the power to review the merits of the
Disciplinary Committee’s findings. Therefore, the distinction between appeals
and judicial reviews applies to disciplinary proceedings under the LPA. As
held by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in _Kalpanath_ ([1] _supra_) at 650,
[27]:

The ‘show cause’ proceedings are very different from judicial review
proceedings, both with respect to the law as well as the procedure. _In the
former, the court goes into the merits of the findings_ and determination of
the DC on the basis of the evidence recorded by the DC. … _In the latter, the
court does not deal with the merits of the decision but with its legality on
ordinary administrative law grounds_. Bias, as an aspect of procedural
impropriety, is one of these grounds. [emphasis added]

81 Here, it would also be apposite to borrow the succinct summary of the
disciplinary process by Prof Tan ([36] _supra_) at p 896:

The statute is silent on the right of the solicitor to ask for a review of an
adverse determination. If the Disciplinary Committee has acted without
jurisdiction or in an ultra vires manner, ordinary certiorari proceedings …
are available to the solicitor. _But to allow the solicitor concerned to
obtain a review of the merits of the case would be outside the scope of
judicial review_. Being a matter of appeal, the right to appeal must be given
by statute and therefore as the statute is silent on the right of appeal
against an adverse determination, _it follows that the solicitor concerned
must challenge the merits in the show cause proceedings themselves_. [emphasis
added]

82 In the present application, there is nothing in the submissions by the
applicant that remotely resembles a procedural or processual challenge to the
proceedings before the DC; instead, all that has emerged is a simple complaint
against the merits of the decision to admit Lee’s evidence and the refusal to
compel Tan to reveal the identity of his instructing client. These, in my
view, are questions that are far more appropriately resolved during the “show
cause proceedings” rather than by means of a judicial review.

**_Some concluding observations_**

83 In the ultimate analysis, inasmuch as there is a compelling public interest
in ensuring that investigators do not violate the very rule of law that they
purport to uphold by adopting improper methods to procure evidence, there is
also a competing and equally pressing public interest to weed out unethical
and malign practices within the legal profession. Indeed, since the abolition
of conveyancing scale fees in Singapore in 2003, a palpable sense of disquiet
and anxious concern have prevailed within the legal profession that some
solicitors may be engaging in unsavoury practices in order to unfairly attract
business. This includes the deplorable practice of realty touting, _ie_ ,
offering referral fees to property agents to coax them into redirecting
property transactions.

84 The rules of ethics, as articulated in the LPA, its subsidiary legislation
and the Law Society Practice Directions and conventions (collectively “ethical
rules”), should not be perceived as an external and inconvenient imposition of
values on the legal profession but rather as an embodiment of the moral
compass and aspirations of the profession. It must also be recognised that
ethical rules only delineate minimal standards and duties which solicitors
must observe. There is much left unsaid that must be implicitly understood and
observed with intelligent flexibility. Unstinting compliance with all ethical
rules and practices is in the enlightened self-interest of the profession.
Without such observance and effective enforcement of ethical rules, the glue
that binds and distinguishes advocates and solicitors as _professionals_ as
opposed to merely self-serving businessmen will soon dissolve. A solicitor is
most certainly not merely a businessman or client proxy. He is an officer of
the court charged with the unique responsibility of upholding the legal system
and the quality of justice; see my observations in _Public Trustee v By
Products Traders Pte Ltd_ (“the _By Products_ case”) [2005] 3 SLR 449 at
[26]–[36].

85 A failure by significant numbers of the legal profession to abide by and
observe these ethical standards would eventually drive the entire profession
down the slippery slope of ignominy. Systemic ethical corruption will fray and
ultimately destroy the moral fibre of the profession. In a race to the bottom,
legal practices will expend more and more valuable time and resources
competing with and out-foxing each other for business rather than focusing
their efforts on effectively delivering premier services to clients and
appropriately discharging their wider obligations to the community. While
legal practices are necessarily run as profit-making businesses, this does
not, and cannot, mean that ethical constraints should be perceived as
inconveniences to be either accepted and ignored at will. Solicitors who take
their obligations and roles seriously should not be disadvantaged by the less
scrupulous who do not.

86 The detection and prosecution of surreptitiously corrupt and unethical
practices is, needless to say, extremely difficult. While it is indeed
lamentable that some legal practices may have been reduced to entrapping other
legal practices in their efforts to deter, detect and bring to book unethical
conduct, this may perhaps afford one potent although not altogether desirable
method to ferret out and discipline both unethical practices and solicitors.
One cannot but acknowledge that there will be considerable if not
insurmountable difficulty, in the absence of such discreet means, in proving
the proclivity of a particular solicitor to commit certain types of ethical
breaches. The fear of entrapment may therefore also deter wayward solicitors
from engaging openly in unethical practices. Be that as it may, I cannot but
register my profound misgivings in learning that some members of the
profession have now, out of a sense of desperation, resorted and descended to
ensnaring other practices suspected of touting simply to avoid unethical
competition. These are clearly issues that the Law Society must apply itself
to resolving immediately, thoroughly and fairly. Can current detection and
enforcement procedures be streamlined and enhanced? The legal profession must
not and cannot afford to be perceived as ethically ambidextrous. When exposed
to the glare of public scrutiny, instances like this bring no credit to the
profession and serve, on the contrary, only to corrode the standing of the
profession. Reputational capital once lost is extremely difficult to reclaim.
I had also noted in the _By Products_ case at [35]:

So overwhelming is the public interest in maintaining the dignity and honour
of the legal profession through the preservation of the highest ethical and
moral standards amongst solicitors that the courts cannot risk allowing it to
be compromised by even a few recalcitrant individuals within the profession.
If and when any such breaches come to light, they must be dealt with swiftly
and severely.

87 After some initial diffidence, I have now come to the unflinching
conclusion, that the administration of justice does not risk being brought
into disrepute simply because unscrupulous solicitors have their _modus
operandi_ for improperly attracting business exposed by means of private
entrapment. As the Attorney-General persuasively submits (see [68]), in the
ultimate analysis, it cannot be gainsaid that the course of justice would not
be facilitated if such private entrapment evidence is deemed inadmissible on
policy considerations. The broad policy considerations I have earlier spelt
out also serve in a very general sense to underscore and justify the current
evidential case law, which unequivocally tilts the balance in favour of
excluding evidence only in exceptional cases such as those involving prior
illegality in the procurement of the evidence.

88 I should add, as a precaution, that my observations do not suggest for a
moment that the applicant is guilty of the charges which he faces; only that
the DC did not err in law and in principle in admitting the evidence obtained
by private entrapment.

89 In the result, I dismissed the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

