Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sun Technosystems Pte Ltd v Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd  
[2006] SGCA 40

Case Number | : | CA 58/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Lee Seiu Kin J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Goh Kok Leong, Quah I-Lin Anna and Gho Sze Kee (Ang & Partners) for the appellant; Lok Vi Ming SC, Ajinderpal Singh, Lee Sien Liang Joseph and Seah Wei Hsien Mark Jerome (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Sun Technosystems Pte Ltd — Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd   
  
Bailment – Bailees – Duties – Duty of bailee in respect of goods that were
hijacked – Whether bailee required to establish precisely how loss or damage
occurring – Whether sufficient for bailee to prove on balance of probability
that reasonable care taken to prevent loss – Whether bailee entitled to rely
on "events beyond our control" clause in contract of carriage between itself
and bailor – Whether doctrine of fundamental breach applicable  
  

8 November 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Background**

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court in _Smart Modular
Technologies Sdn Bhd v Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd_ [2006] 2 SLR 797
(hereafter referred to as “GD”). In the main action, the appellant, Sun
Technosystems Pte Ltd (“Sun Tech”), brought an action against the respondent,
Federal Express Services (M) Sdn Bhd (“FedEx (M)”), for breach of duty as
carrier and/or bailee to recover the costs of the goods that the latter was to
deliver to its premises in Singapore. The present appeal centred on the
finding of the trial judge (“the Judge”) that there was a hijack and hence
that the respondent had discharged its burden of proof as bailee to establish
that the loss occurred without its negligence or default. We dismissed the
appeal and now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

**Factual matrix**

2 Sun Tech is a Singapore-incorporated company which manufactures and supplies
computer hardware systems. It purchases memory modules from Smart Modular
Technologies Sdn Bhd (“Smart”), a Malaysian company, which manufactures them
in its factory in Penang. When a shipment is ready, Smart, at the request of
Sun Tech, contacts FedEx (M)’s Penang office and requests for transportation
of the shipment to Singapore.

3 In July 2000, Sun Tech ordered 1,000 memory chips from Smart. The cost of
the goods was $860,000. They were ready for shipment on 28 August 2000. On
that morning, Smart contacted FedEx (M) to ask for the goods to be delivered
to Sun Tech. At 11.30am, FedEx (M)’s courier from its Penang office, Mr
Turairaj (“Turairaj”), arrived at Smart’s premises to pick the goods up for
delivery. He issued an airway bill to Smart’s employees upon collecting the
goods. It is not disputed that this airway bill constituted the contract of
carriage between FedEx (M) and Sun Tech as the owner of the goods (it was
acknowledged that Smart was the agent for Sun Tech in this regard). On the
back of the airway bill was a clause excluding liability for loss occasioned
by events beyond the control of FedEx (M) (“events beyond our control” clause)
as well as a limitation clause which applied in specific circumstances.

4 Upon receiving the goods, Turairaj transported the goods in a FedEx (M)
vehicle, headed for the shuttle exchange point (“shuttle point”), from where
they would be taken to the air cargo terminal for storage before being
delivered to Singapore. Along the way, he stopped at the premises of Acer
Technologies Sdn Bhd (“Acer premises”) to make a final delivery. According to
Turairaj – and this is disputed by the appellant – when he was en route to the
shuttle point from the Acer premises, he was forced by four men in a car (a
Proton) to stop his van along Jalan Jelawat, Seberang Jaya. Turairaj was hit
on the head with a metal rod and lost consciousness. Turairaj said that when
he regained consciousness, he discovered that the goods were missing from the
vehicle and proceeded to make a police report at a nearby police station.

5 Turairaj was warded for severe head injuries and given 14 days of medical
leave. Subsequently, the Malaysian police detained Turairaj and seven others
for a period of 28 days to assist in their investigations into the hijack.
Turairaj was not charged with any involvement in the incident. In fact,
Turairaj continued to work in FedEx (M)’s Penang office until recently, when
he was suspended from duty in connection with an unrelated matter.

**Issues that arose on appeal**

6 There were only two legal issues raised by the appellant in the present
appeal, as follows:

(a) Whether the evidence regarding the place of the alleged hijack supports
the trial judge’s finding that there was indeed a hijack. (This was the only
point addressed at the appeal, although the skeletal arguments referred to
both the time and place of the incident.)

(b) Whether the respondent had discharged its burden of proof as bailee in
relation to the loss of goods, and was therefore entitled to rely on the
“events beyond our control” clause in the airway bill.

**Whether a hijack took place**

**_The parties’ arguments_**

7 The crux of the appellant’s case in the present proceedings comprised a
single argument: that the hijack never took place in the first instance. In
particular, counsel for the appellant, Mr Goh Kok Leong, argued that based on
the evidence of Turairaj, the hijack, which was alleged to have taken place
400m from the Acer premises, could not have taken place as Turairaj had
testified that he had been driving for more than five minutes. Mr Goh argued
that if this were true, Turairaj ought to have travelled slightly over four
kilometres from the Acer premises, which was more than ten times the distance
that was alleged to have been traversed.

8 Counsel for the respondent, Mr Lok Vi Ming, argued, on the other hand, that
the argument that a hijack had never taken place could not possibly arise. He
pointed, _inter alia_ , to the injuries suffered by Turairaj as well as to the
thorough investigation conducted by the Malaysian police (when Turairaj,
together with seven other suspects, had (it will be recalled) been detained
for 28 days). Mr Lok also pointed out that at no point had the investigation
been impugned by the appellant.

**_Our decision_**

9 We agree with Mr Lok. In the first instance, although the point canvassed by
Mr Goh (at [7] above) was in fact part of the appellant’s closing submissions
in the court below, it was _not_ intended to prove (as it was not part of the
appellant’s case) that the hijack never took place but, rather, that it was
part of the appellant’s attempt to impugn the _credibility_ of Turairaj’s
testimony in relation to the alleged _complicity_ of Turairaj in the hijack.
As we shall see (at [11] below), the Judge accepted the credibility of
Turairaj’s testimony.

10 Further, it was clear to us that the Judge had, in any event, considered
all the relevant evidence (including that canvassed in the present appeal).
The Judge did in fact address the issues of both the place as well as time of
the hijack. This is evident from the following portion of the GD (at [60] and
[61]):

60 First, in relation to the place of the hijack, Mr Turairaj had stated that
after picking up the goods from Smart, he had gone to Acer’s premises. From
there, he proceeded towards the shuttle point and en route, at about 12.25pm
when he was driving along Jalan Jelawat, his van was hijacked. According to Mr
Turairaj, it would normally have taken him ten to 15 minutes to get from
Acer’s premises to the shuttle point. After the incident, however, Kevin Teoh
had visited the place of the attack and had given evidence in Suit 260/2002
that it took about 20 or 25 minutes to drive from the place of the incident to
the shuttle point. Sun Tech submitted that there was an obvious inconsistency
between the evidence of Mr Turairaj and that of Kevin Teoh. Further, Mr
Turairaj had also testified that the distance between Acer and the shuttle
point was about 12 or 13 kilometres whilst Kevin Teoh considered it to be a
distance of 16 kilometres. This disagreement, Sun Tech said, showed the lack
of credibility of Mr Turairaj as a witness.

61 As for the time of the hijack, Sun Tech undertook an elaborate analysis of
Mr Turairaj’s evidence to show that he could not have been at the place of the
attack at 12.25pm (the time he said the attack had taken place). It argued
that based on his own evidence as to his movements and the time it took to get
from one point to another, at 12.25pm, Mr Turairaj should still have been at
Acer’s premises and not at Jalan Jelawat. Alternatively, Sun Tech submitted,
Mr Turairaj could actually have reached Jalan Jelawat well before 12.25pm, in
fact, at about noon and only remained there till 12.25pm because he was
waiting for the “hijackers”. Sun Tech pointed out that when, in cross-
examination, it had taken Mr Ng through the various stages of Mr Turairaj’s
journey on the fateful day, Mr Ng agreed that by the time Mr Turairaj left
Acer, it would have been between 12.15pm and 12.30pm. Since the cut-off time
for arriving at the shuttle point was 1.00pm and the time required to get
there was between ten and 15 minutes, then Mr Turairaj was not telling the
truth when he said he needed to rush out of Acer as he was late for the
rendezvous. Mr Ng had conceded that Mr Turairaj had enough time to enable him
to reach the shuttle point at 1.00pm. As such, Sun Tech submitted the
irresistible inference was that Mr Turairaj was not telling the truth when he
said that he had rushed out of the Acer factory in order to get to the shuttle
point. Actually, it argued, he had to rush out of the Acer factory earlier to
ensure that he reached the place of attack on time to meet his accomplices and
thereafter carry out the alleged robbery.

11 Most importantly, this was the Judge’s finding (including the finding with
respect to the credibility of Turairaj’s testimony) (see GD at [82]):

82 I accept the submissions that FedEx M made as to the speculative nature of
Sun Tech’s submissions in relation to the alleged involvement of Mr Turairaj
in the incident. Mr Turairaj underwent extensive investigation at the hands of
the police. No charges were preferred against him. He continued to work with
FedEx M without any difficulty until it was discovered that he had previously
been suspected of robbery. In that case too no charges were preferred against
him. Mr Turairaj has not ever been charged with any theft let alone convicted
of such an offence. There were discrepancies in his evidence but I am
satisfied that these were minor and did not undermine the basic truth of his
story. At times Sun Tech went overboard in its submissions, for example, when
it accused Mr Turairaj of living with his mistress and hatching a plot to
solve his financial difficulties when such matters were never put to Mr
Turairaj and Mr Ng’s investigations showed that by the time of the incident,
Mr Turairaj was back with his wife. There were other areas in which Sun Tech’s
submissions stretched the evidence to a breaking point and could not be
accepted.

**The duty of the bailee in relation to the discharge of its burden of proof**

**_Introduction_**

12 Neither party controverted the general principle to the effect that where
goods on bailment are lost or destroyed, the onus is on the bailee to prove,
on a balance of probabilities, that it had taken reasonable care of those
goods: see the decision of this court in _Seah Ting Soon t/a Sing Meng Co
Wooden Cases Factory v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 521 at
[24] and applied, _inter alia_ , in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Techking Enterprise Ltd v JFE Consolidators Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 744 at [9]
(reference may also be made to the decision of this court in _Hong Realty
(Pte) Ltd v Chua Keng Mong_ [1994] 3 SLR 819 as well as the oft-cited
Malaysian Privy Council decision of _Port Swettenham Authority v TW Wu and Co
(M) Sdn Bhd_ [1979] AC 580).

**_The appellant’s argument based on_ Levison v Patent Steam Carpet Cleaning
Co Ltd**

13 However, whilst accepting the general principle set out in the preceding
paragraph, a more specific argument proffered by the appellant before this
court was this: Mr Goh argued that the bailee is under a duty to establish
_precisely how_ the loss or damage occurred, and that the respondent had not
discharged this burden of proof. He relied, in particular, on the following
observations by Lord Denning MR in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Levison v Patent Steam Carpet Cleaning Co Ltd_ [1978] QB 69 (“ _Levison_ ”),
as follows (at 82):

I am clearly of opinion that, in a contract of bailment, _when a bailee seeks
to escape liability on the ground that he was not negligent or that he was
excused by an exception or limitation clause_ , then he must show what
happened to the goods. He must prove all the circumstances known to him in
which the loss or damage occurred. If it appears that the goods were lost or
damaged without any negligence on his part, then, of course, he is not
liable.[emphasis added]

14 This is, in fact, an argument of significant import in so far as the law of
bailment is concerned and it would therefore be appropriate to deal with it in
some detail.

**_What was actually decided in_ Levison**

15 It would conduce towards clarity to state our conclusion on this argument
first. We are of the view that Mr Goh’s argument goes too far. Indeed, we are
of the view that this was not, in any event, what the learned Master of the
Rolls in fact said; in particular, Lord Denning MR stated (see [13] above)
that the bailee “must prove all the circumstances _known to him_ in which the
loss or damage occurred” [emphasis added]. The italicised words are
significant. A bailee can only be reasonably expected to prove facts and
circumstances that are _known to him_.

16 More importantly, we should not lose sight of the main issue – which is
_whether or not the bailee can prove that it was not negligent and had,
instead, taken reasonable care of the goods in question_. Looked at in this
light, proof of circumstances under which the loss or damage occurred is _only
one factor, albeit an important one_. Indeed, if the bailee can prove what
_precisely_ took place in order to demonstrate that it had not been negligent,
that would obviously serve to advance its case. _But the converse does not
necessarily follow_. This is because the inquiry is a holistic one; it is also
(potentially, at least) a multidimensional one. In other words, the bailee
has, at its disposal, a myriad of _other_ reasons to demonstrate that it had
not been negligent. For example, and this is a point that arose in the present
proceedings (see [28] below), the bailee could also demonstrate that it had
adopted _an appropriate standing operating procedure_ to prevent loss or
damage in place, and had adhered to it scrupulously. Then again, the court
must have regard to the _precise terms of the contract_ itself in order to
ascertain how the parties intended to deal with the situation which arose in
fact.

**_The context of_ Levison – _bailment and the doctrine of fundamental
breach_**

17  Even if we accept the appellant's interpretation of Lord Denning MR’s
statement in _Levison_ (see [13] above), we must nevertheless have regard to
the _context_ in which the statement was made.The Master of the Rolls was
clearly focusing on the issue of _exception clauses_. This is evident from the
italicised words in the statement quoted above (at [13]). More to the point,
Lord Denning MR was of the view that, in the context of that case, the burden
of proof was on the bailee _to prove that it had not been guilty of a
fundamental breach_ (see _Levison_ ([13] _supra_) at 81). _This_ was why the
bailee in _Levison_ was said to have been under an obligation to prove all the
circumstances known to it in which the loss or damage to the goods concerned
(a carpet) had occurred. That the bailee was placed under such an obligation
to begin with is somewhat startling. In order to understand why the Master of
the Rolls adopted such an approach, an understanding of the _general legal
climate_ under which _Levison_ was decided is imperative.

18 In relation to the _relevant legal context_ at the time _Levison_ was
decided, the English Court of Appeal (primarily through the efforts of Lord
Denning MR) was waging a “legal war” against the perceived oppressive effects
of exception clauses (particularly in the context of consumer contracts) by
utilising (principally, at least) the doctrine of fundamental breach as a
“rule of law”. This conception of the doctrine of fundamental breach is to be
distinguished from another – that of the doctrine as a “rule of construction”.
This distinction was not merely theoretical; it had intense practical
consequences as well. The distinction was expressed in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Emjay Enterprises Pte Ltd v Skylift Consolidator (Pte) Ltd
(Direct Services (HK) Ltd, Third Party)_ [2006] 2 SLR 268 (“ _Emjay
Enterprises_ ”), as follows (at [14]):

The legal effect of [the decision of the House of Lords in _Photo Production
Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827] is to allow the courts the
flexibility to give effect to exception clauses at common law even where a
fundamental breach of contract has occurred. In other words, a fundamental
breach of contract does _not necessarily_ _and automatically_ destroy the
efficacy of an exception clause because, whilst the primary obligations come
to an end, the secondary obligation (to pay damages) remains and an exception
clause might cover this last-mentioned liability. Whether or not the exception
clause in question does in fact cover such liability is not an automatic rule
of law as such but, rather, a matter of _construction of the contract_. In
other words, the court’s task is to _construe_ the exception clause concerned
in the context of the contract as a whole in order to ascertain whether the
contracting parties _intended_ that the exception clause cover the events that
have actually happened. If they did, then the exception clause would be given
effect to by the court, notwithstanding the fact that a fundamental breach has
occurred. This is because, to re-emphasise a crucial point, the _intention_ of
the parties is the touchstone. [emphasis in original]

19 In other words, the doctrine of fundamental breach as a “rule of
construction” (as opposed to the doctrine as a “rule of law”) ensures that
whether or not a particular exception clause is valid or not depends on the
_construction_ of that exception clause in the context of the contract as a
whole in order to ascertain whether or not the contracting parties intended
the clause to cover the events that have actually happened – even if these
events give rise to a fundamental breach. This doctrine (of fundamental breach
as a “rule of construction”) underscores the importance of the concept of
freedom of contract and is consonant with modern trade and commerce and was in
fact confirmed by the House of Lords decision in _Photo Production Ltd v
Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827 (“ _Photo Production_ ”). The
protection of the consumer is now mitigated by the (statutory) presence of the
Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (see also _per_ Lord
Wilberforce and Lord Diplock in _Photo Production_ at 843 and 851
respectively). This particular Act operates, of course, in addition to the
traditional common law doctrines and safeguards (see also _Emjay Enterprises_
([18] _supra_) at [15]). There is thus much less (or even no) need for the
more draconian doctrine of fundamental breach as a “rule of law”.

20 Although there is some apparent authority to the contrary (see, in
particular, the Singapore Privy Council decision of _Sze Hai Tong Bank Ltd v
Rambler Cycle Co Ltd_ [1959] AC 576; [1959] MLJ 200 (“ _Sze Hai Tong Bank_
”)), the preponderance of more modern Singapore authority supports the
doctrine of fundamental breach as a “rule of construction”: see the Singapore
High Court decisions of _Metro (Pte) Ltd v Wormald Security (SEA) Pte Ltd_
[1980–1981] SLR 539, _AA Valibhoy & Sons (1907) Pte Ltd v Banque Nationale de_
_Paris_ [1994] 2 SLR 772 and _Emjay Enterprises_ ; as well as the Singapore
Court of Appeal decision of _Parker Distributors (Singapore) Pte Ltd v A/S D/S
Svenborg_ [1982–1983] SLR 153 (“ _Parker Distributors_ ”). In the last-
mentioned case, however, this court did not deal expressly with _Sze Hai Tong
Bank_. However, _Sze Hai Tong Bank_ was decided during a time when the law had
not settled in its more modern and established form as embodied in _Photo
Production_ (see also _Emjay Enterprises_ at [15]). More importantly, the
doctrine of fundamental breach as a “rule of construction” embodied in _Photo
Production_ is both principled and logical, as pointed out in the preceding
paragraph, and we take the opportunity to affirm its application in the
Singapore context. The English common law in this particular regard, as
received via s 3(1) of the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev
Ed), requires no modification pursuant to s 3(2) of the same Act. As this
court is presently the final appellate court, the Privy Council decision in
_Sze Hai Tong Bank_ is not binding on it. It may be regarded, at best, a
decision of a court of co-ordinate jurisdiction and, if necessary, may be
departed from by this court pursuant to this court’s _Practice Statement
(Judicial Precedent)_ [1994] 2 SLR 689. However, it is not, in our view,
necessary to even go so far. As we have seen, this court in _Parker
Distributors_ had already endorsed the doctrine of fundamental breach as a
“rule of construction” as embodied in _Photo Production_. We endorse _Parker
Distributors_ , together with the elaboration set out above.

21 Indeed, in _Levison_ itself, Lord Denning MR was prepared to go much
further than invoking the already powerful “weapon” of fundamental breach as a
“rule of law”; the Master of the Rolls was of the view that if an exception
clause were _unreasonable_ , this would, in and of itself, be sufficient legal
ground for not giving effect to it (see _Levison_ ([13] _supra_) at 79).
Whilst the Master of the Rolls was referring, _inter alia_ , to the then UK
Unfair Contract Terms Bill, even the Act itself (when ultimately enacted as
the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 (c 50)) did not, it should be noted, go as
far. Such was the judicial hostility towards exception clauses in the context
of consumer contracts, although the other two members of the court in
_Levison_ did not venture to go as far as Lord Denning MR did.

22 So much by way of the background to _Levison_. Put simply, a close perusal
of the judgment of Lord Denning MR in _Levison_ suggests that, on one
interpretation at least, there was a clear leaning towards the finding of a
fundamental breach in order that the more draconian doctrine of fundamental
breach as a “rule of _law_ ” could apply in order to _automatically destroy_
the efficacy of the exception clause concerned – all in the name of consumer
protection. This may, in turn, have led (as already alluded to above) to an
overstatement, by Lord Denning MR, of the legal requirements with respect to
the duty of the bailee – leading, in effect, to the (arguably, overly)
_strict_ proposition to the effect that the bailee is under a duty to
establish _precisely how_ the loss or damage occurred. In fairness, however,
it should be pointed out that the other two judges in _Levison_ did not go so
far. This is probably why the House of Lords in _Photo Production_ , which
endorsed the doctrine of fundamental breach as a “rule of _construction_ ”,
was able to interpret _Levison_ as being premised on a construction of the
contract (see _Photo Production_ ([19] _supra_) at 845–846).

23 In our view, therefore, the observations by Lord Denning MR in _Levison_
(reproduced at [13] above) with respect to the duty of the bailee were, with
respect, probably _overstated_ in the light of the _context_ of the need to
locate a fundamental breach in order that the doctrine of fundamental breach
as a “rule of law” could be applied in order to negate the exception clause in
_Levison_ itself.

24 We are, in fact, heartened that our analysis of _Levison_ is consistent
with the views expressed by Prof Brian Coote in “Exception Clauses, Deliberate
Acts and the Onus of Proof in Bailment Cases” (1997) 12 JCL 169 at 181–182.
Prof Coote is, of course, the leading scholar on exception clauses in the
Commonwealth, being the author of not only the seminal work on exception
clauses (entitled _Exception Clauses_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1964)) but also of
many articles and comments since (including the one just cited). In this
particular article, Prof Coote observed thus (at 181–182):

_Levison v Patent Steam Carpet Cleaning Co Ltd_ which placed the onus of
disproving fundamental breach on the bailee, was presided over by Lord Denning
and was also a product of the fundamental breach movement. With the subsequent
demise of the doctrine as a result of _Photo Production Ltd v Securicor
Transport Ltd_ , the credibility of the _Levison_ ruling has to be suspect.

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1
(Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 14-019.

25 Further, Prof N E Palmer points out, in the leading work in the area of
bailment, _Bailment_ (Law Book Company, 2nd Ed, 1991) (“ _Palmer_ ”), that the
observations by Lord Denning MR in _Levison_ are “ambiguous on this point”
(see p 786, n 73). Whilst this is a plausible reading of these observations
cited above (at [13]), we would be prepared to go so far as to state that
there is in fact no ambiguity inasmuch as those observations are in fact
inconsistent with Prof Palmer’s own views on this particular issue, as follows
(see _Palmer_ at pp 785–786):

On one point the authorities are virtually unanimous. The bailee, confronted
by proof of damage or loss, _is not bound to establish precisely how those
phenomena occurred. Proof of reasonable care or of the irrelevance of its lack
will be sufficient; he need not go further (although it may often be helpful
for him to do so) and demonstrate the cause of the injury in
question_.[emphasis added]

26 Indeed, _Levison_ is one of three decisions cited by Prof Palmer as
appearing to stand for the proposition (contrary to that expressed by the
learned author himself in the above quotation) to the effect that the bailee
_is_ bound to establish precisely how the loss or damage occurred (see
_Palmer_ at p 786, n 73; see also _Palmer_ at p 1555). Of the remaining two
decisions, the first is that of the English Court of Appeal in _Ulster-Swift
Ltd v Taunton Meat Haulage Ltd_ [1977] 1 WLR 625; [1977] 3 All ER 641. Prof
Palmer points out that the observation by Megaw LJ ([1977] 3 All ER 641 at
650), in so far as it appears to suggest the proposition just mentioned, is
“probably a misprint” (see _Palmer_ at p 786, n 73). In so far as the second
decision is concerned, that of the English High Court in _Swiss Bank
Corporation v Brink’s MAT Ltd_ [1986] QB 853 at 857; [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 99
at 100, Prof Palmer refers to the observation in his own commentary in [1986]
All ER Rev 18 at 21 to the effect that “[t]oo much should not be made of the
point” and that “it remains the case that a bailor is not conventionally
required to adduce positive evidence on the part of his bailee in order to
succeed in proceedings against him: the bailor need only establish the
bailment itself and the fact of loss or damage, whereupon the bailee becomes
obliged to demonstrate either that he exercised the appropriate degree of care
of the goods or that any want of care on his part was causally unrelated to
the ensuing misadventure”. Indeed, Mr Goh also referred to the main decision
(reported at [1986] QB 853; [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 79). However, we did not see
how this particular decision assisted the appellant. On the contrary, the
court in fact also considered, _inter alia_ , the standard operating procedure
adopted by the bailee (and see [16] above).

27 We should take the opportunity, however, to state that we make no
pronouncement in these proceedings on the issue of the burden of proof with
respect to fundamental breach in the context of exception clauses. This was
the broader issue that arose in _Levison_ , and which, despite engendering
some controversy (see, for example, _Palmer_ at pp 1552–1557), appears to have
been accepted as good law in England (see, for example, G H Trietel, _The Law
of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003), especially at p 241; but _cf_
the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision of _Glebe Island Terminals Pty
Ltd v Continental Seagram Pty Ltd (The “Antwerpen”)_ [1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 213
at 238).

**_The applicable law_**

28 We would, in fact, endorse the view of Prof Palmer quote above (at [25]),
and proceed to apply it to the facts of the present proceedings. Before
proceeding to do so, however, we note that this view is in fact presently
embodied within a recent English Court of Appeal decision (where, _inter alia_
, _Palmer_ is in fact cited). In _Coopers Payen Limited v Southampton
Container Terminal Limited_ [2003] EWCA Civ 1223; [2004] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 331,
Clarke LJ (with whom Lightman and Schiemann LJ agreed in so far as this
particular point was concerned) observed thus (at [28]–[29]):

28\. In my opinion she [the trial judge] was right in that regard. Indeed it
seems to me to have been an important part of the exercise upon which the
court was engaged, namely to decide whether the damage was caused by a failure
on the part of SCT to exercise reasonable care. Mr. Buckingham correctly
submits, (as the Judge observed) that it is not necessary in order to avoid
liability for breach of duty for a bailee to show what caused the loss or
damage: see e.g. Palmer on Bailment and _Bullen v. The Swan Electric Engraving
Company_ [1887] 23 T.L.R. 258. He must simply show (as the Judge correctly put
it) either that he took reasonable care of the goods or that his failure to do
so did not contribute to the damage.

29\. While it is not necessary as a matter of law for the bailee to show what
the cause of the damage was the identification of the cause may be a
significant pointer as to whether or not the bailee exercised reasonable care.
The cause of the loss is in most cases far from irrelevant.

**_Our decision_**

29 In the present proceedings, for instance, the respondent, whilst not being
able to prove the precise cause of the damage or loss, was nevertheless able
to prove that it had taken reasonable care by way of its standard operating
procedure. These were, in fact, the Judge’s findings, which (significantly, in
our view) were not challenged on appeal; in the Judge’s own words (see GD at
[80]–[81]):

80 In my judgment, the security procedures practised by FedEx M were suitable
for the type of business that it undertook and the crime situation that
existed in Penang at the material time. It is important that FedEx M was a
general courier and not a specialist company providing high security transport
services for valuable goods. Customers like Smart were aware of the type of
services offered by FedEx M and it was clear from the minutes of the September
1999 meeting that FedEx M would not offer armed escorts and it was up to its
customers to provide these should they think that the security situation
required them. Secondly, the local situation in Penang at the time was such
that whilst the Penang station [FedEx (M)’s Penang office] should have been
(and I consider was) aware that hijacking of vehicles on the road could occur,
there was no reason to think that there was an imminent danger of such an
incident happening in Penang to the extent that enhanced security measures had
to be adopted or FedEx M should refuse to carry valuable cargo. In addition,
it was not a standard of the industry to require the use of armoured vehicles
or those outfitted in the way suggested by Sun Tech and the AHMs [the
International Air Transport Association Airport Handling Manual] did not set
that standard for transportation by road from a manufacturer’s factory to the
airport. In any case, the AHMs were, in my judgment, not the right standard
against which the security measures adopted by FedEx M had to be measured.

81 I am satisfied that FedEx M had implemented a reasonable security system in
relation to the goods that it carried and to the level of risk that it could
reasonably anticipate it was facing. The couriers were trained to follow
specific routes and to handle the vehicles and the goods in a certain manner.
They were equipped with hand phones. I had some doubts about the rule that the
driver’s door of the vehicles should not be locked while the same were in
motion but on further consideration, I accept the submission that this rule
was made for the protection of the driver so that he would be able to escape
from the vehicle should it be involved in an accident. One of the governing
rules of the security procedures adopted was that the courier’s safety was
paramount. That is a wholly reasonable rule. Mr Turairaj testified that he had
been given training to deal with an attempted robbery. Basically he was told
not to be a hero. I cannot quarrel with that. The drivers employed by FedEx M
were ordinary citizens not former security officers and were not chosen
because of their James Bond-like qualities. There was no rule or standard in
the industry that required courier companies to only employ trained security
personnel as their drivers.

30 It bears reiterating a point made above (at [16]) to the effect that the
entire inquiry is a holistic one. No mechanistic formula can – or ought to –
be laid down. The very nature of the inquiry itself depends on the precise
factual matrix in question. It was clear, however, that, on the facts of the
present proceedings, the respondent had discharged the requisite burden of
proof, as evidenced by the Judge’s findings just quoted.

31 More importantly and specifically, regard must also be had to the actual
terms of the contract between the parties themselves. To recapitulate, the
respondent would not be liable for any circumstances that were beyond its
control. Hence, in so far as the present proceedings are concerned, the
respondent had the burden of proving that the hijack took place. As we have
seen, the thrust of the appellant’s case in the present appeal centred on the
argument that the hijack did not in fact take place – an argument that we have
already rejected above.

**Conclusion**

32**** In the premises, we dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

