Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Kiam Peng  
[2006] SGHC 207

Case Number | : | CC 13/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong Siu Jin and Ong Luan Tze (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; B Rengarajoo (B Rengarajoo & Associates) and Ong Peng Boon (Ong & Co) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Kiam Peng   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Illegally importing
controlled drug – Accused arrested at customs clearance point with heroin
strapped to his body – Possession of controlled drug not in dispute –
Presumption of knowledge of nature of controlled drug applying – Defence
arguing accused having no knowledge he was importing heroin – Distinction
between recklessness and negligence on one hand and actual knowledge or wilful
blindness on other – Whether presumption of knowledge rebutted – Section 18(2)
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

29 November 2006 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 Life, it may seem at first blush, has dealt a poor hand to the accused, Tan
Kiam Peng (“Tan”). 46 years of age, he is unmarried and lived alone in a HDB
flat until his arrest. Known to his friends as “ _Pui Kia_ ” (“Fatty” in
colloquial Hokkien) because he is on the heavy side, he held a job as a tipper
truck driver until he met with an accident. Because he lost that job, he was
unable to repay debts that had accumulated. His utility bills and housing loan
instalments also fell into arrears. By August 2005, these debts exceeded
$8,000. Tan repeatedly attempted to seek full-time employment but only managed
to secure a temporary, part-time job delivering noodles. He decided to join a
gambling syndicate sometime around May 2005. His assigned role was to rent an
apartment that would be used as a gambling den. However, this scheme promptly
fell through and the apartment was used only once. As a consequence of this
failed endeavour, Tan became even further indebted as he was personally liable
for the rent.

2 Yet another factual thread reveals that soon after losing his job as a
driver, Tan had travelled to Kuala Lumpur on 6 February 2005 to seek out other
job opportunities. He stayed with his friend (“Ah Huat”) in whom he confided
his financial problems. Out of desperation, Tan asked Ah Huat whether he had “
_lobangs_ ” (“opportunities” in colloquial Malay) for “easy money” that could
land him a job transporting drugs such as Ecstasy within Malaysia. This was to
set in motion a train of events that has culminated in a capital charge being
preferred against him.

3 Ah Huat duly introduced a man, known as “Uncle”. Uncle told Tan that it was
difficult to find any _lobangs_ as there had been many raids in Malaysia.
However, Uncle passed his contact number to Tan, inviting him to call again in
one or two weeks. Tan later called Uncle sometime in June 2005 to enquire
whether there were any job opportunities. Uncle responded by inviting Tan to
Johor Bahru for a discussion. On 27 June 2005, Tan travelled to Johor Bahru
and met Uncle; however, Uncle informed him that it was still difficult to find
any work. He could continue trying. Disappointed, Tan returned to Singapore.
The next day, Tan returned to Johor Bahru again but was requested, once more,
to be patient. Thereafter, Tan and Uncle remained constantly in touch with
each other. On 17 August 2005, Tan borrowed some money from his friends and
travelled again to Johor Bahru after being told by Uncle that “there might be
something for [him] to do”.

4 Tan and Uncle met up again on the evening of 18 August 2005 at a hotel room
in Johor Bahru. Uncle was carrying a backpack which contained three big
packets wrapped in mahjong paper. According to Tan, he asked Uncle what those
packets were, and Uncle just held up three fingers in reply. Uncle unwrapped
the packets, which then revealed smaller packets of yellow powder within each
packet. These packets were wrapped in clear plastic. Tan told Uncle that it
was “a lot” but Uncle responded that it was not and used his fingers to
indicate seven. Several questions and answers followed regarding
transportation and the location of the drop-off point. Uncle then secured with
tape ten packets of the yellow powder onto various parts of Tan’s body.

5 On Uncle’s instructions, Tan called for a taxi to take him to an address in
Redhill, Singapore, where he was supposed to drop off the packets. However, at
the customs clearance point at Woodlands (“the Woodlands checkpoint”), Police
Constable Phua Han Siang (“Constable Phua”), a Cisco Auxillary Police
Constable attached to the Immigration Checkpoint Authority Supplementary
Force, noticed that Tan’s waist area appeared “bulky” and asked him whether
there was anything on him. The accused gave a non-committal answer and
Constable Phua, upon perceiving that Tan was “very nervous”, proceeded to pat
the “bulky” part of his body. He could feel Tan’s body “shaking” during this
examination. Upon confirming that there were strapped objects on the lower
half of Tan’s body, Constable Phua directed Tan to another police officer who
then escorted Tan to the search room. A full body search revealed that Tan had
concealed ten packets of a yellowish powdery substance. Upon a chemical
analysis, this substance was identified as diamorphine or, as it is more
commonly known in everyday parlance, heroin. All in, the ten packets weighed
3.28829kg and contained 145g of pure heroin.

6 Tan was placed under arrest and later charged:

That you … on the 18th August 2005 at about 6.50 p.m., at the Inspection Pit
Green Channel Left Lane 03, Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore, did import into
Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class “A” of the First Schedule to
the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, ten (10) packets of
granular/powdery substance containing not less than 145.07 grams (nett) of
diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 7 and
punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185.

7 On 22 September 2006, I convicted Tan of the charge and sentenced him in
accordance with the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). I now
set out my reasons.

**The Misuse of Drugs Act and its evidential presumptions**

8 The drug trade is a major social evil. While drug peddlers may not be
visibly seen or caught taking away or damaging lives, they nonetheless inflict
alarmingly insidious problems on society that have the potential to destroy
its very fabric if left unchecked. Each successful trafficker has the
disturbing potential to inflict enormous and enduring harm over an extremely
wide circle of victims. Apart from the harm that drugs inflict on an addict’s
well-being, drug trafficking engenders and feeds a vicious cycle of crime that
inexorably ripples through the community.

9 It is relatively easy and inexpensive to manufacture drugs. The remarkable
sums generated in the drug trade have nothing to do with the complexities of
production but rather are linked to and commensurate with the risks associated
with being apprehended and severely punished. Given Singapore’s uncompromising
attitude and relentless pursuit in enforcing and maintaining a relatively
drug-free environment, extremely high returns may be realised through the
successful distribution of drugs. This creates a potent siren-like temptation
for certain avariciously desperate and/or determined persons to engage in the
drug trade.

10 In order to minimise the risk of detection, international drug syndicates
often employ apprentice couriers who do not have a criminal record.
Unfortunately for such individuals, the MDA which is designed to deter _all_
manner of drug trafficking activities does not and clearly cannot draw a line
of notional demarcation between veteran and apprentice couriers by according
preferential treatment to the latter. Such an approach would both inevitably
and completely undermine the deterrent effect envisaged by the uncompromising
punitive regime that the MDA entails, thereby rendering it nothing more than a
drug peddlers’ charter. An apprentice courier who pleads that he has been
apprehended on his first and last drug run cannot be excused if deterrence is
to remain the hallmark of the drug enforcement regime.

11 When they are apprehended, apprentice couriers will almost invariably
vigorously assert their innocence. The courts in dealing with such cases must
adopt a sensible approach in assessing the credibility of an accused. While
the truly innocent cannot be punished, such denials of knowledge must be
scrupulously analysed and warily assessed for consistency and credibility. It
is only too easy to disingenuously claim “I did not know”. Associated with the
plea of “I did not know” are often belated claims of “I did not inspect” or “I
was told it was something else”. These pleas are more often than not flimsy
fabrications of last resort without an atom of credibility.

12 It bears emphasis that at all border control points and on all immigration
entry cards, the mandatory penalties inextricably linked to trafficking or
consuming drugs are clearly and unequivocally articulated. As a consequence,
one can almost invariably assume that all persons entering Singapore would
have been sufficiently alerted and sensitised of the need to take measures
enabling them to ascertain the contents and nature of any substance they
transport into or within Singapore. In so far as Singapore citizens and
residents are concerned, it would certainly require remarkable temerity to
plead an absence of knowledge of the risks pertaining to the transport or
possession of drugs or other unascertained substances. This must be so in
light of the all pervasive repetition of warnings about drug penalties through
the many public channels of communication. Having said this, one cannot but
acknowledge and accept that unusual instances will arise from time to time
where drugs may be either planted on or inadvertently transported or possessed
by entirely innocent persons. The courts must therefore remain constantly
alert to and vigilant in identifying such cases, rare as they may be, when
innocent victims have been duped by devious drug distributors.

**The evidential presumptions**

13 The MDA establishes three core evidential presumptions in connection with
drug trafficking. _First_ , a person who is proved to have had in his
possession or custody or under his control a controlled drug shall, until the
contrary is proved, be presumed to have _had_ that drug in his possession: s
18(1) of the MDA. _Second_ , if a person is proved or presumed to have had a
controlled drug in his possession he shall, until the contrary is proved, be
presumed to have _known_ the _nature_ of that drug: s 18(2) of the MDA.
_Third_ , upon proof of possession of an amount of the controlled drug in
excess of a certain stipulated quantity it shall be presumed, unless it is
proved to the contrary, that the possession was for the purposes of
_trafficking_ : s 17 of the MDA. These presumptions operate quite
independently of one another and the unrebutted application of one presumption
does not necessarily or inevitably preclude a rebuttal of the others.

14 _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256 (“ _Warner_ ”)
is widely considered by many legal jurists to be the _locus classicus_ on the
issue of what constitutes possession of drugs. It was the first decision of
the House of Lords that considered a long line of often conflicting and
confusing cases in the lower courts. Lord Reid was alone in holding that the
statutory offence created was not an absolute one. While the majority agreed
that an absolute offence had indeed been created, it was far from unanimous in
its views and reasons on why this was the case. A leading textbook
perceptively notes that “the opinions in _Warner_ vary enormously. They are
also difficult to reconcile in places and rely on decisions which themselves
conflict”: Rudi Fortson, _Misuse of Drugs and Drug Trafficking Offences_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2002) at para 3-70. Another leading legal treatise
opines “The five speeches in _Warner_ differ so greatly and it is so difficult
to make sense of parts of them that courts in later cases have found it
impossible to extract a _ratio decidendi._ ”: Smith & Hogan, _Criminal Law_
(Oxford University Press, 11th Ed, 2005) at p 152. What has not been
adequately acknowledged or appreciated is that in reality “the question
whether a person could possess a thing of which he had no knowledge was _not
argued_ ” [emphasis added]: see Prof A L Goodhart’s interesting commentary in
“Possession of Drugs and Absolute Liability” (1968) 84 LQR 382 at 394. Prof
Goodhart after correctly emphasising that it would be an exercise in futility
to attempt to reconcile and/or explain all the conflicting authorities
including the _dicta_ in _Warner_ ’s case, astutely suggested (at 394):

It is to be hoped, therefore, that all the technical distinctions between the
various cases which now clutter the books will be swept away by the _simple
provision that a person who has control of a thing is deemed to have
possession of it_. [emphasis added]

This is precisely what Parliament in Singapore has implemented _vide_ the
progenitor of s 18 of the MDA. Such a provision, by allowing an accused to
prove that he _is_ morally guiltless, to that extent is clearly preferable to
a situation of absolute liability, particularly in instances where the penalty
for contravention entails capital punishment.

15 It also bears mention that s 18(2) of the MDA appears to have been directly
inspired by certain observations and musings by Lord Reid and Lord Pearce in
_Warner_. In mulling over the difficulties created by the rather maladroit
drafting of s 1(1) of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c 64) (UK),
Lord Reid opined (at 280):

In a case like this Parliament, if consulted, might think it right to transfer
the onus of proof so that an accused would have to prove that _he neither knew
nor had any reason to suspect that he had a prohibited drug in his
possession_. [emphasis added]

And Lord Pearce persuasively added (at 307):

It would, I think, be an improvement of a difficult position if Parliament
were to enact that when a person has ownership or physical possession of drugs
he shall be guilty unless he proves on a balance of probabilities that he was
unaware of _their nature_ or had reasonable excuse for the possession.
[emphasis added]

The original version of s 18(2) of the MDA was introduced in 1973, some four
years after the decision in _Warner_.

16 It does not require a great deal of common sense to appreciate that in
certain instances it is plainly necessary to alter evidential rules in order
to combat pernicious social evils in the interests of the wider community. It
would be difficult in the vast majority of this particular genre of cases (and
particularly drug offences) to prove the existence of _mens rea_ when the
_factum_ of possession is the only objective factor invariably present; hence
the entirely reasonable suggestion by these eminent legal jurists that it is
imperative that the possessor of the substance explain persuasively his lack
of knowledge. Inadequate comprehension or appreciation of the origins and
basis of the entirely pragmatic and morally defensible legal reasoning
underpinning such presumptions has often led to intemperate criticisms of the
core presumptions created by the MDA by ill-informed observers and
commentators.

17 It is also pertinent to note that the constitutionality of these
presumptions has long been regarded as legally unassailable and has received
the imprimatur of the Privy Council; see _eg_ , _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_
[1980-1981] SLR 48 at 62–63, [28]–[29] (_per_ Lord Diplock):

[I]t borders on the fanciful to suggest that a law offends against some
fundamental rule of natural justice because it provides that upon the
prosecution’s proving that certain acts consistent with that purpose and in
themselves unlawful were done by the accused, the court shall infer that they
were in fact done for that purpose unless there is evidence adduced which on
the balance of probabilities suffices to displace the inference. _The purpose
with which he did an act is peculiarly within the knowledge of the accused.
There is nothing unfair in requiring him to satisfy the court that he did the
acts for some less heinous purpose if such be the fact_. Presumptions of this
kind are a common feature of modern legislation concerning the possession and
use of things that present danger to society like addictive drugs, explosives,
arms and ammunition.

... Their Lordships would see no conflict with any fundamental rule of natural
justice and so _no constitutional objection to a statutory presumption
(provided that it was rebuttable by the accused), that his possession of
controlled drugs in any measurable quantity, without regard to specified
minima, was for the purpose of trafficking in them_. ... It is not disputed
that these minimum quantities are many times greater than the daily dose taken
by typical heroin addicts in Singapore; so, as a matter of common sense, the
likelihood is that if it is being transported in such quantities this is for
the purpose of trafficking. All that is suggested to the contrary is that
there may be exceptional addicts whose daily consumption much exceeds the
normal; but these abnormal addicts, if such there be, are protected by the
fact that the inference that possession was for the purpose of trafficking is
rebuttable.

[emphasis added]

**The evidential burden**

18 Tan was charged under s 7 of the MDA, which prohibits the import of
controlled drugs. “Import” is not defined in the MDA but it has been firmly
established that the word bears the definition attributed to it in s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), _viz_ , “to bring or cause to bring
into Singapore by land, sea or air”: see, _Ko Mun Cheung v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 87
at 91–92, [20]; and more recently, _Abdul Ra’uf bin Abdul Rahman v PP_ [2000]
1 SLR 683 (“ _Abdul Ra’uf_ ”) at [26]. Contrary to popular belief, the offence
of trafficking in controlled drugs in Singapore has never been and is not a
strict liability offence. It continues to be incumbent on the Prosecution to
prove that the accused knew or intended to bring the controlled drugs into
Singapore: _Abdul Ra’uf_ at [26]. However, the burden of proving a lack of
knowledge of the nature of the particular drug being trafficked rests on an
accused as a consequence of statutory presumptions. That this much is now
settled law is evident both from the very structure of the MDA itself (in
particular, s 18(2) of the MDA, which puts the burden of proof on the accused
to disprove knowledge of the nature of the drugs) and the case law: see, most
notably, _PP v Hla Win_ [1995] 2 SLR 424 (“ _Hla Win_ ”). All said and done,
it is sufficient for the accused to prove on a balance of probabilities that
he was not conscious of the fact that he was importing controlled drugs into
Singapore and/or the nature of the drug in question: see _Tan Ah Tee v PP_
[1978-1979] SLR 211 at 220. Thus, for example, the Court of Appeal in _Abdul
Ra’uf_ accepted that the accused could properly contend notwithstanding the
statutory presumption applying _de rigueur_ , that he was unaware of the
presence of the drugs that were found in the boot of his car.

19 In the present case, it is common ground that Tan knew that he was
importing controlled drugs into Singapore; indeed, he had every intention of
doing so in exchange for about $1,000. It is also undisputed that Tan had in
his possession the controlled drugs thus allowing the Prosecution quite easily
to avail itself of the statutory presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA. The extent
to which Tan is able to rebut this particular presumption that he knew the
actual nature of the drugs he was carrying is the critical fulcrum upon which
this case ultimately rests.

20 What, then, must the Defence demonstrate in order to rebut the presumption?
_First_ , it is important to emphasise that the persuasive burden of proof
lies on the accused. In other words, the onus is on the accused on a balance
of probabilities to displace the presumption that he knew the actual nature of
the drugs he had in his possession: _Tan Ah Tee v PP_ ([18] _supra_) at 220,
[25]; and most recently, _Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi v PP_ [2006] 2 SLR 503 (“
_Tochi_ ”) at [5]. It is helpful to bear in mind that “an honest and
reasonable belief entertained by the accused of the existence of facts which,
if true, would make the act charged against him innocent”: see _Bank of New
South Wales v Piper_ [1897] 1 AC 383 at 389–390.

21 _Second_ , the requisite _mens rea_ , which is explicitly adverted to
through the plain words employed in s 18(2) of the MDA itself, connotes actual
knowledge. What is knowledge? In _Baden, Delvaux and Lecuit v Société
Generale_ _pour Favoriser le Dé_ _veloppement du Commerce et l’Industrie en
France SA_ [1983] BCLC 325 (“ _Baden_ ”) at 407, five possible levels of
knowledge were postulated:

(a) actual knowledge;

(b) wilfully shutting one’s eyes to the obvious;

(c) wilfully and recklessly failing to make such inquiries as an honest and
reasonable man would make;

(d) knowledge of the circumstances which would indicate the facts to an honest
and reasonable man; and

(e) knowledge of circumstances which would put an honest and reasonable man on
inquiry.

22 The Prosecution has submitted that all five levels of knowledge are
embraced by s  18(2) of the MDA on the basis that in _PP v_ _Teo Ai Nee_
[1995] 2  SLR 69 (“ _Teo Ai Nee_ ”), the High Court accepted that all five
categories had “a place in criminal law”: at 87, [48]. I beg to differ. In the
first place, it is necessary to note that the _Baden_ categorisation has been
largely discredited even in the field of constructive trust cases (in which
_Baden_ was decided and has at best only been periodically applied). In _Royal
Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming_ [1995] 2 AC 378 (“ _Tan_ ”),
the Privy Council opined that in the context of the principle of accessory
liability for breach of trust, “knowingly” was better avoided as an ingredient
of the principle and that the _Baden_ scale of knowledge was “best forgotten”:
at 392. As Nourse  LJ in the subsequent English Court of Appeal case of _Bank
of Credit and Commerce International (Overseas) Ltd v Akindele_ [2001] Ch 437
(“ _Akindele_ ”) explained (at 454), the _Baden_ categorisation was accepted
by the judge without argument because both counsel for the plaintiffs and the
defendant agreed to it. Nourse  LJ also added (at 455) that he had “grave
doubts” about the utility of the employing the _Baden_ categorisation in cases
of knowing receipt. See also, Lord Goff of Chieveley and Gareth Jones, _Goff
and Jones:_ _The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th  Ed, 2002) at paras
33-028 and 33-029; Andrew Burrows, _The Law of Restitution_ (Butterworths, 2nd
Ed, 2002).

23 Even accepting arguendo that _Tan_ and _Akindele_ do not necessarily
undermine the conceptual idea behind _Baden_ , which advocates that knowledge
may be conceived at five levels, the Prosecution’s submission that all five
levels of knowledge apply to the MDA is, with respect, entirely without merit.
The difficulty with the Prosecution’s argument is that _Teo Ai Nee_ was a
copyright case involving the interpretation of the broadly-worded statutory
phrase “where he knows or _ought reasonably to know_ ” [emphasis added]. In
such a case, the italicised language clearly embraces a wider spectrum of
knowledge. Under s  18(2) of the MDA, what is presumed is that the accused had
_known_ of the nature of the drugs he possessed when apprehended. This is a
far more circumscribed state of mind. It is a fundamental canon of statutory
interpretation that in ascertaining Parliament’s intention to assign criminal
culpability a restrictive rather than a generous approach ought to be adopted.
If the phrase “ought reasonably to know” does not figure in s 18(2) of the
MDA, the statutory intent and purport of such a phrase simply cannot be deemed
to have been imposed. The critical question to ask in assessing every
statutory offence is this – what precisely has Parliament enacted and
intended? In this respect, it is firmly established that only the wilful
shutting of one’s eyes to the obvious is legally and morally equivalent to
actual knowledge: _Taylor’s Central Garages (Exeter) Ltd v Roper_ [1951] 2 TLR
284; _Warner_ ([14] _supra_) at 279 (_per_ Lord Reid). Though the Prosecution
acknowledged that the statutory formulation employed in _Teo Ai Nee_ is much
wider than in s  18(2) of the MDA, it nonetheless went on to suggest that the
cases interpreting the latter provision have accepted that all five levels of
_mens rea_ are applicable; and that the current legal position is that the
mere lack of actual knowledge is insufficient to rebut the presumption.

24 I am not convinced that this is an accurate portrayal of either the correct
or current state of the law apropos the mental state envisaged by s  18(2) of
the MDA. It is first necessary to clarify what constitutes the _wilful_
shutting of one’s eyes to the _obvious_. Here, I find it both pertinent and
profitable to borrow from the very cogent exposition of this term by Prof
Andrew Ashworth in _Principles of Criminal Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd
Ed, 1999) at pp 196–197:

This occurs where D knows that there is a risk that a prohibited circumstance
exists, but refrains from checking it. An example is _Westminister City
Council_ v _Croyalgrange Ltd_ (1986), where D was charged with knowingly
permitting the use of premises as a sex establishment without a licence. The
House of Lords held that:

it is always open to the tribunal of fact, when knowledge on the part of a
defendant is required to be proved, to base a finding of knowledge on evidence
that the defendant had deliberately shut his eyes to the obvious or refrained
from enquiry because he suspected the truth but did not want to have his
suspicion confirmed.

It will be seen that Lord Bridge used the language of inference here,
suggesting that a court might infer knowledge from wilful blindness in the
same way as he suggested that intention might be inferred from foresight of
virtual certainty.

_The true meaning of the passage is surely that wilful blindness is treated as
actual knowledge, which has long been the law. Although, strictly speaking, D
does not know, since he was refrained from finding out, he may have an
overwhelmingly strong belief (he may believe it is virtually certain) that the
prohibited circumstance exists. Thus, wilful blindness may be treated not as
reckless knowledge, but as a form of actual knowledge_.

[emphasis added]

25 In his highly venerated classical work, _Textbook of Criminal Law_ (Stevens
& Sons, 2nd Ed, 1983) at pp 125–126, Prof  Glanville Williams (“Prof
Williams”) also makes the following observations:

[T]he strict requirement of knowledge is qualified by the doctrine of wilful
blindness. This is meant to deal with those whose philosophy is: ‘Where
ignorance is bliss, ‘tis folly to be wise.’ To argue away inconvenient truths
is a human failing. If a person deliberately ‘shuts his eyes’ to the obvious,
because he ‘doesn’t want to know,’ he is taken to know.

While all the cases agree on this, they are at sixes and sevens on what wilful
blindness means. _The best view is that it applies only when a person_ _is
virtually certain that the fact exists. …_

This very limited doctrine can reasonably be said to be an explanation of what
is meant by knowledge as a matter of common sense, rather than an illegitimate
extension of the meaning of the term. _If it does not give a sufficient
extension to some particular offence, that is a matter for the legislature to
consider when it is deciding between the word ‘knows’ and the words ‘knows or
ought to know.’_

…

_The courts sometimes do equate wilful blindness with reckless, but they ought
not to do so._ If knowledge is judicially made to include wilful blindness,
and if wilful blindness is judicially deemed to equal recklessness, the result
is that a person who has no knowledge is judicially deemed to have knowledge
if he is found to have been reckless — which is not what the statute says. The
word ‘knowing’ in a statute is very strong. _To know that a fact exists is not
the same as taking a chance whether it exists or not. …_

[emphasis added]

26 Prof  Michael Hor (“Prof Hor”), a local academic, has also recently written
in a similar vein (“Misuse of Drugs and Aberrations in the Criminal Law”
(2001) 13 SAcLJ 54 (“Misuse of Drugs”) at 71) reiterating Prof Williams’s
concerns:

Knowledge can be a matter of degree. Convictions and beliefs are held to
varying strengths. In the context of drug offences, the element of knowledge
is clearly satisfied if the accused actually believed with complete certainty
that he possessed the illicit drug in question. The doctrine of ‘wilful
blindness’ extends liability to a situation where the accused had an ‘
_overwhelmingly strong_ belief’ that he was carrying drugs. The accused must
be aware of the ‘ _high_ probability’ that he is in possession of drugs. **_If
wilful blindness is to be treated on par with actual knowledge, then the
‘blindness’ must be morally equivalent to actual knowledge. A mere suspicion
is not enough_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

27 I do not perceive the Prosecution as misunderstanding or failing to
appreciate this critical distinction between wilful blindness and recklessness
or gross negligence. However, as I highlighted above, the Prosecution appears
to be submitting that a finding that an accused lacked actual knowledge (and
was not wilfully blind) is not, based on its particular interpretation of the
cases, sufficient to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA; or, to
view it from the other side, actual knowledge (or wilful blindness) is not
required. Citing _Wong Soon Lee v PP_ [1999] SGCA 42 (“ _Wong Soon Lee_ ”),
the Prosecution further submitted that even where assurances are given to an
accused regarding the nature of the drugs, reliance on such assurances without
attempts to verify the true nature of the drugs, is not _per se_ sufficient to
rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA. Without careful qualification,
this proposition is far too wide and quite simply, unwarranted. Once it is
understood and acknowledged that the plain words of s 18(2) of the MDA permit
an accused to disprove that he _knows_ the nature of the drugs he possesses,
it cannot seriously be suggested that our courts would nonetheless convict
accused persons solely on the basis that they have failed to make proper
inquiries. Such a stance would be tantamount to conceding that Prof Hor was
correct in observing that the courts may sometimes have unduly equated wilful
blindness with mere negligence or recklessness: see “Misuse of Drugs” at
72–74. In support of his observations Prof Hor relies on _dicta_ in certain
decisions that may have been awkwardly crafted. Such a view has been expressly
and comprehensively debunked and negated by the very recent decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Tochi_ , where it was declared ([20] _supra_ at [6]):

The presumption of knowledge was therefore not rebutted, and all that remained
was to determine whether the act of importing the drugs was proved. However, a
statement in the trial judge’s grounds requires clarification. At para 48, the
trial judge stated, in what appeared to us as an emphasis to his rejection of
the first appellant’s evidence:

I found he had wilfully turned a blind eye on the contents of the capsules
because he was tempted by the US$2000, which was a large sum to him. …
Consequently, even if he may not have actual knowledge that he was carrying
diamorphine, _his ignorance did not exculpate him_ … [emphasis added].

That passage creates an impression that there is a legal duty not to ‘turn a
blind eye’. **_It would thus create a wrong assumption that there was some
sort of positive legal duty, meaning that the first appellant was bound in law
to inspect and determine what he was carrying, and that consequentially, if he
did not do so, he would be found liable_** _on account of that failure or
omission_. **_The Act does not prescribe any such duty_**. All that the Act
does (under s 18), is to provide the presumptions of possession and knowledge,
and thus the duty of rebutting the presumptions lay with the accused. There
could be various reasons why a court might not believe the accused person, or
find that he had not rebutted the presumptions. The fact that he made no
attempt to check what he was carrying could be one such reason. Whether the
court would believe a denial of knowledge of the articles in the accused
person’s possession (made with or without explanation or reasons) would depend
on the circumstances of the individual case. The trial judge then referred to
_Yeo Choon Huat v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 217 at [22]:

[I]gnorance is a defence only when there is no reason for suspicion and no
right and opportunity of examination …

The above passage, however, was from the judgment in _Ubaka v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR
267 and cited with approval by both the minority judgment in _PP v Hla Win_
[1995] 2 SLR 424, as well as in the unanimous judgment in _Yeo Choon Huat v
PP_. It is also pertinent that the same coram sat in both cases (_Yeo Choon
Huat v PP_ and _PP v Hla Win_). **_It will be gleaned from these cases that
the true principle is that, ultimately, a failure to inspect may strongly
disincline a court from believing an ‘absence of knowledge’ defence_**.
Therefore, to say, as in this case, that the first appellant thought it was
chocolates was another way of saying he did not know that he was carrying
drugs. Given the evidence, including the evidence that the first appellant did
not inspect the articles when he could have done so (the turning of the blind
eye), the court was entitled to find that the presumption had not been
rebutted.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

28 That _Tochi_ no more than reiterates the correct position in law may also
be divined from this critical passage in _Wong Soon Lee_ ([27] _supra_ at
[45]):

Having considered all the arguments canvassed, we were unable to accept the
appellant’s contention that the trial judge erred in coming to the decision he
came to. First, the circumstances in which the appellant received the drugs
were so suspect that any reasonable man would have gone one step further and
ascertained for himself the precise nature of the drugs. This the appellant
had failed to do. _The only reason why he failed to do so was because he
either knew the precise nature of the drugs or he did not care to know_. _If
the appellant chose to turn a blind eye_ **_and_** _merely relied on the
assurance given by Ah Kee, he would not be able to rebut the statutory
presumption of knowledge._ [emphasis added]

Careful analysis of the italicised phrases reveals that the failure to inspect
or inquire is relevant and pertinent only where, together with the ambient
circumstances of the case, they go towards establishing either that the
accused knew what he was carrying or was wilfully blind to the obvious. I find
in this context the following analysis of knowledge by Lord Sumner in _The
Zamora No_  _2_ [1921] 1 AC 801 at 812 both instructive and illuminating:

[T]here are two senses in which a man is said not to know something because he
does not want to know it. A thing may be troublesome to learn, and the
knowledge of it, when acquired, may be uninteresting or distasteful. To refuse
to know any more about the subject or anything at all is then a wilful but a
real ignorance. On the other hand, a man is said not to know because he does
not want to know, where the substance of the thing is borne in upon his mind
with a conviction that full details or precise proofs may be dangerous,
because they may embarrass his denials or compromise his protests. _In such a
case he flatters himself that where ignorance is safe, ‘tis folly to be wise,
but there he is wrong, for he has been put upon notice and his further
ignorance, even though actual and complete, is a mere affectation and
disguise._ [emphasis added]

If the facts of the case merely show that he was uncommonly stupid,
unconventionally ignorant, extremely naïve or plainly reckless in failing to
determine the nature of what he was carrying, the accused is entitled to an
acquittal. Put another way, it is legitimate for the courts to infer from an
accused’s failure to check that this was because he already knew or was
virtually certain of the nature of the drugs he was importing; but if the
failure to inspect was, for instance, because he had recklessly or
unreasonably relied on someone else’s assurance he is not guilty of a
violation of the MDA _as it is_ _presently drafted and stands_. Thus a person
is not guilty if he can prove that though he may be in possession or control
of a controlled drug he did not know of the nature of the drug. The _mens rea_
or the subjective element of guilt is absent in such a case.

29 I agree with these observations of Prof Hor in “Misuse of Drugs” at 74:

I do not mean to disregard the fact that a finding that a reasonable man
**_ought_** to have suspected is often strong evidence that the accused
**_did_** suspect, **_but the distinction is morally, and sometimes
practically, crucial_** (as it was in _Hla Win_). Negligent ignorance is of a
completely different order of culpability from wilful ignorance. Foolishness
or carelessness is one thing, _deliberately_ shutting one’s eyes to the
_obvious_ is quite another. One might think that the wilfully blind is
deserving of death, but few, if any, would think that the careless or foolish
should be similarly treated. [emphasis added in bold italics]

30 The uncompromising and distinct line between recklessness and negligence on
the one hand and actual knowledge and wilful blindness on the other must be
vigilantly policed and preserved by the courts and cannot be lightly dismissed
as a mere semantic nicety. Even where an accused possesses what he believes to
be illicit goods (albeit not controlled drugs), that does not _ipso facto_
render him wilfully blind if he merely failed to inspect what he was carrying:
_Hla Win_ ([18] _supra_). As the majority correctly held, at 437, [41], in
that case:

_It is not the law that by reason of the respondent’s knowledge of the illicit
nature of the content of his bag his evidence that he did not know that the
content was drugs could not and should not be believed._ Such knowledge on his
part only renders it all the more difficult for the court to believe his
evidence. _Very much of course depends on the circumstances of the case._
[emphasis added]

31 The courts must assiduously, and to the best of their ability, examine the
precise factual matrix in extensive detail before deciding whether the
threshold has been crossed. This requires a scrupulous and holistic assessment
of the entire spectrum of relevant subjective and objective factors. As
succinctly summarised by the Court of Appeal in _Van Damme Johannes v PP_
[1994] 1 SLR 246 at 252–253, [21]:

It would then be up to the court to decide whether or not to believe him; to
assess his credibility and veracity; to observe his demeanour; to listen to
what he had to say; to go through the evidence and determine whether his story
was consistent; and finally to make a judicial decision.

32 A _third_ facet of the inquiry (see [11] and [12] above) that the courts
must address in deciding whether the statutory presumption is rebutted is
whether, in the words of s 18(2) of the MDA, an accused knew the _nature_ of
the drugs he was in possession of. This begs the question: what does “know the
nature of the drug” mean? Ambiguity over what is necessary to prove or
disprove knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug stems from the oft-
cited but commonly misunderstood _dictum_ of Lord Pearce in _Warner_ ([14]
_supra_ at 305):

Though I ... believe the tablets which I possess to be aspirin, yet if they
turn out to be heroin I am in possession of heroin tablets. This would be so I
think even if I believed them to be sweets. It would be otherwise if I
believed them to be something of a _wholly different nature_. [emphasis added]

33 This passage might at first blush create the impression that even though an
accused believes that he was carrying something as benign as sweets or cough
drops, he would still be found liable if what he was carrying turned out to be
heroin. A literal reading of Lord Pearce’s _dictum_ would also seem to suggest
that it would be very difficult for an accused to ever prove that he did not
“possess” the drugs he was carrying. Indeed, it is a challenge to conceive of
anything more vastly different from sweets than heroin. If sweets are not
considered of a “wholly different nature” from heroin, it would effectively
turn possession into a strict liability offence. This paradoxical
interpretation of Lord Pearce’s speech, however, does not sit well and is
inherently inconsistent with the final decision that he reached. This is what
he said towards the end of his opinion (at 307–308):

In the present case, therefore, there was a very strong prima facie inference
of fact that the accused was in possession of the drugs. But he was entitled
to try to rebut (or raise a doubt as to) that inference by putting before the
jury his defence that, although the package itself was clearly in his
possession, the contents were not. _He could have sought to persuade them in
spite of his lies and evasions that he received the contents innocently, that
he genuinely believed the package to contain scent_ …

In the present case _you may think that the difference between scent and
tablets is a sufficient difference in kind to entitle the accused to an
acquittal if on the whole of the evidence it appears that he may have
genuinely believed that the parcel contained scent_ , and that he may not have
had any suspicions that there was anything illicit in the parcel, and that he
had no opportunity of verifying its contents. _For in that case it is not
proved that he was in possession of the contents of the parcel._

[emphasis added]

34 In this connection it is instructive once again to pay heed to the measured
analysis of this very issue by Lord Reid. With his customary incisiveness and
acuity he noted at (280–281):

I think the best approach to this case is to suppose that an innkeeper is
handed in ordinary course a box or package by a guest for safe keeping. He has
no right to open the box — it may be locked. If he is told truthfully what is
in it, it may be right to say that he is in possession of the contents. But
what if he is told nothing or is told that it contains jewellery and it
contains prohibited drugs? It may contain nothing but drugs or it may contain
both jewellery and drugs or it may be an antique trinket apparently empty but
containing drugs hidden in a small secret recess. _It would in my opinion be
irrational to draw distinctions and say that in one such case he is in
possession of the drugs and therefore guilty of an offence, but not in
another. It is for that reason that I cannot agree with the contention that if
the possessor of a box genuinely believes that there is nothing in the box
then he is not in possession of the contents, but that on the other hand if he
knows there is something in it he is in possession of the contents though they
may turn out to be something quite unexpected._ And in any case this
contention does not seem to me to take account of the case where the possessor
of the box believes that it does contain jewellery and in fact it does contain
jewellery but it contains drugs as well. _It would, I think, be absurd to say
that the innkeeper is not guilty if he genuinely believes that the box is
empty and it has some drugs secreted in it, but that he is guilty of an
offence under the Act if he truly believes that it contains jewellery but it
also contains some drugs secreted in it._ And if he is not guilty in the case
where the box contains jewellery as well as drugs, on what rational ground can
he become guilty if there is no jewellery in the box but only drugs? [emphasis
added]

35 Of course, the English position does not bind our courts. However, there
can be no doubt that the approach adopted by Lord Reid currently reflects the
position in Singapore. This much has been made axiomatic by the majority
decision in _Hla Win_ ([18] _supra_). In that case, the appellant’s defence
was that he believed the bag he was carrying to be precious stones or gems but
not drugs. The majority in the Court of Appeal agreed with the trial judge
that the appellant was entitled to an acquittal. In my view it would not be
appropriate to lightly impute to Parliament an intention to create an offence
punishable by capital punishment if an accused is merely reckless or negligent
by sensible standards. Indeed for a quick analogy one need only refer to the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”) which carefully calibrates the
punishment for homicide depending on the precise intentional culpability of
the guilty accused: see for example ss 302 and 304A of the PC. Accordingly, a
genuine belief that the goods that one possesses is something other than the
controlled drug referred to in the charge – even if it also happens to be
contraband or illegal – constitutes a sufficient basis on which to hold that
an accused has not crossed the threshold. It may thus be safely assumed that
for an accused to be found guilty of drug trafficking he must at least know or
be wilfully blind to the fact that he is carrying a particular controlled
drug.

36 The plain words of s 18(2) of the MDA states that it is for an accused to
prove that he did not know the nature _of the drug_. That an accused knows he
is carrying _a_ drug is only one aspect of the issue; he can still be
exonerated if he can show that he did not know its nature. As such, it is
still conceivably open to an accused carrying a drug to assert that he did not
know that he was carrying the particular type of drug which was in fact found
on him. _His credibility alone forms the crux of the matter in such cases_. In
_Wong Soon Lee_ ([27] _supra_), the appellant’s central claim was that he did
not realise that he was carrying heroin, and that he thought he was carrying
drugs that attracted only a fine. While both the trial judge and the Court of
Appeal disbelieved the accused it is plain that they recognised that such a
defence was indeed open to the accused. The Court of Appeal noted (at [45] and
[48]):

The only reason why [the accused] failed [to inspect the drugs] was because he
either knew the _precise nature_ of the drugs or he did not care to know. …

The difficulty which the court faces in such situations it that _the defence
of lack of knowledge of the_ _precise nature_ of the drugs is all too often
raised by drug couriers. …

[emphasis added]

37 As a matter of pure principle as well as common sense, this must be
correct. Once it is accepted that offences under the MDA are not strict
liability offences, it follows that the requisite _mens rea_ must be present
in respect of all the necessary elements of the offences. As Goff LJ (as he
then was) presciently held in _Westminster City Council v Croyalgrange Ltd_
[1985] 1 All ER 740 at 743:

Prima facie, as a matter of ordinary construction, when the word ‘knowingly’
is so introduced in a provision of this kind, it required [_sic_] knowledge by
the accused _of each of the facts constituting the actus reus of the offence_.
[emphasis added]

The MDA, it must also be remembered, prescribes varying levels of punishment
depending on the class of drugs imported. This itself unequivocally signals
that Parliament did not intend to target, brand and punish all manner of drug
traffickers with a single broad brush. Accordingly, it stands to reason that
an accused who is punished for importing heroin should have known that he is
importing heroin, and not some other drug. If an accused _honestly_ believed
on the other hand that he was importing only Ecstasy (or some other drug), it
would be incorrect to penalise him for importing heroin. To do so would be to
convert s 7 of the MDA into a strict liability provision, a notion which the
cases have emphatically rejected and which is inimical to the intent of the
MDA. Of course, it has never been the position that an accused may escape
conviction simply because he was ignorant of the exact chemical or physical
properties of the drug; nor must it necessarily be proved that he knew the
drug by its name or the classification it fell under or the punishment
associated with that particular type of drug. All that can be said is that the
purported lack of knowledge of any of these may well lead a court to conclude
that the accused did not know the nature of the drug he had imported; but that
need not invariably be the case. Much will turn on the specific factual matrix
before the court. If an accused chooses for profit to deal with any manner of
controlled drugs, it bears emphasis that he has chosen of his own volition to
engage in a dangerous business and generally speaking to accept the attendant
risks. The courts have to approach these matters with pragmatism laced with a
good dose of common sense, I can only add that a court, in assessing whether
an accused knew enough about the nature of what he was carrying, must be
guided by the fact that a finding that an accused knew the nature of the drug
he was importing or trafficking may lead to extremely severe penalties
including capital punishment. I doubt that the articulation of precise or
rigid formula with greater specificity will assist further. It may, on the
contrary, only lead to unintended results.

**Tan’s defence**

38 The crux of Tan’s defence is that while he knew he was importing illegal
drugs, he did not think that the drugs were of the type that would attract the
death penalty. This is simply another way of saying that he did not know the
nature of the drugs he was carrying. To put it in a nutshell, the only issue
that arises for determination in this case is whether Tan knew that he was
carrying heroin. In support of his claim that he did not, the following
arguments were made:

(a) Given that the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers were themselves
unable to immediately identify the drugs in question, it would be
inappropriate to draw any inference that the accused would or could have known
that he was carrying heroin.

(b) There were several procedural irregularities in respect of statements
purportedly taken by investigating officers; most critically, it was disputed
that Tan ever acknowledged that he was carrying heroin.

(c) Since he did not run away, his conduct after being approached at the
Woodlands checkpoint spoke volumes in his favour and the reliability of his
testimony.

(d) That the reward for his importing the drugs into Singapore was meagre
suggested that it was reasonable for Tan to infer that the drugs were not of a
serious nature.

**_Is it appropriate to draw any favourable inference from the CNB officers’
inability to immediately identify the drugs?_**

39 Defence counsel has created a legal contretemps concerning the initial
inability of the CNB officers to immediately identify the drugs that were
seized from Tan. Given that the drugs in question were fine and powdery in
form and yellow in colour; as opposed to most previously seized heroin imports
which were white in colour and usually ball-shaped and solid, the thrust of
defence counsel’s argument is that if narcotic officers, with a wealth of
training and experience in detecting and analysing drugs, could not readily
identify the drugs, resulting in testimonies which were contradictory in some
respects – how then could one expect Tan to know that what he was carrying was
indeed heroin?

40 This argument cut little ice and I promptly dismissed it. First of all, as
the Prosecution correctly pointed out, it was never the Defence’s position
that Tan knew how to identify drugs. On the contrary, Tan testified that he
had no knowledge of what heroin looked like. Therefore, even if the drugs
seized were easily identifiable, it would severely undermine the Defence’s
case to suggest that Tan would have been able to identify the drugs as heroin.
Secondly, the critical question in all cases is not whether the CNB officers
could identify the drugs but whether _the accused_ knew the nature of the
drugs. The appearance of the drug is usually only one of the factors to take
into account when assessing an accused’s knowledge. An analyst from the Centre
for Forensic Science testified that the colour and appearance of a drug alone
cannot indicate its purity or nature. That CNB officers (or any other person)
had difficulty identifying the drugs is not usually relevant to the issue of
the accused’s knowledge. That does not however preclude the possibility that
in some circumstances, it would be reasonable to infer that an accused did not
know the nature of what he was carrying on account of the unusual appearance
of the drug in question. For example, a person may frequently traffic in a
particular type of drug that comes in the form of green tablets. Assume, for
the moment, that trafficking in this particular drug attracts only a fine.
Suppose further that on a particular occasion, he is arrested with a bag of
green tablets and the drugs seized, when analysed, turned out to be heroin.
His claim will be that he did not know he was carrying heroin because it came
in the form of green tablets whereas heroin is usually white in colour and
ball-shaped. The fact that the drugs seized were difficult to identify could,
in such a case, arguably be probative of his lack of knowledge as to the
nature of the drug trafficked. That, however, is plainly not a reflection of
the situation presented in the instant case.

**_Tan’s statements_**

41 Three primary statements were challenged by Tan’s counsel presumably on the
basis that they unequivocally demonstrated Tan’s knowledge of what he was
carrying. The first was an oral statement to Constable Phua in the search room
at the Woodlands checkpoint. In his statement (PS 8), Constable Phua merely
stated that upon searching Tan’s body and discovering that Tan was in fact
hiding packets of drugs on his body, he had asked Tan a few questions. No
mention was made of precisely what questions were asked and what answers were
given. It was Tan’s counsel who, in further cross-examination, enquired as to
what had transpired in the course of the interrogation:[note: 1]

Q: Now, let me read this [reads]: ‘I asked the accused some questions
pertaining to the said packets.’

Can you tell the court what are those questions that you asked?

A: Sir, I asked him in Hokkien.

Q: Yah, what did you ask him?

A: ‘ _Jee eh sim mee lai eh_?’

Q: Can you tell us that in English?

A: I asked him in Hokkien. I told him – I asked him, ‘What is this?’ He told
me that is number  3\. Then I asked him again, ‘What number  3?’ Then he still
answer ‘number  3’.

42 The second statement made was to Ong Lu Hieow (“SI Ong”), who was a Station
Inspector with the CNB attached to its Enforcement Division. SI Ong was one of
the officers who had escorted Tan to his residence in order to conduct a
search on 19 August 2005 at about 1.25am. Nothing incriminating was found
during this search. His testimony in court was as follows:[note: 2]

Court: Did you speak to the accused?

Witness: Yes, I did.

Court: Can you recollect what was said?

Witness: Yes. I asked the accused what were those things. He told me that it
was number  3.

43 A third statement (PS 15) was recorded by Inspector Jack Teng (“Insp
Teng”), a CNB officer attached to the Woodlands Team, Enforcement Division, at
an interview room in the CNB office in Woodlands. This statement was taken at
about 9.21pm on 18 August 2005, the very day of the arrest. The following
questions by Insp Teng and answers by Tan were recorded:

Q: What are these? (pointing to several packets of yellowish substance)

A: I believe it is Heroin number 3.

Q: The yellowish substance belongs to who?

A: It belongs to a Malaysian known to me as ‘Uncle’.

…

Q: What are they meant for?

A: I am to deliver to someone in Singapore.

44 During closing submissions, Tan’s counsel took issue that the first two
statements had not been reduced to writing as required under s 121(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”). However, counsel
refrained from suggesting that these statements should be excluded simply on
account of such a procedural irregularity in their recording. Indeed, such an
argument has long been rejected since the decision in _Vasavan Sathiadew v PP_
[1992] SGCA 26, where the Court of Appeal held:

We think it is right that at the time the oral statement is alleged to have
been made, Vasavan was not yet an accused person, and that any statement made
by him, and reduced into writing, ought not only to have been read over to,
but also signed by, Vasavan in order to fulfil the requirements of [s 121].
Insp Teo failed to secure Vasavan’s signature to the entry in the field book,
_but we were not prepared for that reason, to conclude that the inspector was
lying, and that Vasavan made no statement to the inspector at all_. Once
Vasavan became an accused person, the statement he made to Insp Teo was
rendered admissible by [s 122(5)]. _That is so whether or not the statement
was recorded; and whether or not it was read back or signed, but subject
always to the statement having been voluntary._ [emphasis added]

45 Of course, the failure to follow the procedural safeguards explicitly
articulated in s 121 (or s 122(5)) of the CPC may, in some circumstances,
diminish in the court’s eyes the veracity or accuracy of the statements
purportedly made by an accused. The learned authors of _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 10, (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at para 120.138 have correctly
surmised:

_While admissibility of evidence is unaffected by breach of procedure,_ _the
weight of the evidence may be affected by the increased risk of insincerity,
embellishment and indoctrination occasioned by the breach._ Ex hypothesi, the
fact that the person being interrogated was not informed about the purposes of
the investigations cannot affect admissibility but the weight of any statement
made may be diminished if the person interrogated was speaking at cross-
purposes as a result of confusion or misunderstanding as to the purport of the
interrogation. [emphasis added]

46 In the present case, Constable Phua’s and SI Ong’s testimonies as to what
Tan had said to them was not challenged. Tan’s counsel did not cross-examine
either officer in order to undermine either their credibility or the accuracy
of their recollection. Indeed, there was not the slightest hint from the
record that Tan’s counsel doubted the officers’ testimony. It appears that
this particular closing submission came as an afterthought.

47 In respect of the third statement recorded by Insp Teng, Tan’s counsel
attempted to suggest that the statement did not accurately reflect what had
actually transpired. The following exchange between defence counsel and Insp
Teng is a pithy encapsulation of the Defence’s stance apropos what occurred
during Tan’s interview with Insp Teng:[note: 3]

Q: … Now, when you recorded the statement, your first question, you asked him,
according to – ‘What are these?’ Now, what was his first reply to that
question, the accused’s reply? He was speaking to you in Hokkien, right?

A: Yes, Your Honour.

Q: All right, what was his first reply to you?

A: ‘ _Wah siong sin jee eh si peh hoon sar ho_ ’, that’s what his reply is,
your Honour. [‘I believe this is heroin’.]

Q: **_Witness, my instructions are that he told you he did not know what the
substance was, I am putting it to you._**

A: That is not true, your Honour.

Q: **_All right. Now, to that reply, your next question to him was, ‘You don’t
know this is heroin?’ That was the words?_**

A: Your Honour, that is not true.

Q: **_Now, witness, I am putting it to you, after you said that, you used the
word ‘heroin’ and he said, ‘I believe it to – believe it is number 3.’ That
was his response._**

A: Your Honour, this is not true. This is the first reply that he gave it to
me.

Q: Witness, I am putting it to you, it was you who used the word ‘heroin’
first.

A: Your Honour, this is not true.

Q: Now, witness, he used the word – are you saying the accused used the word
‘heroin’ in English?

A: Your Honour, he used – he spoke to me in Hokkien. He used the word ‘ _pei
hoon_ ’.

Q: You translated it, in ‘heroin’?

A: Yes, your Honour, I translated into heroin.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

48 This suggestion – that Tan had initially claimed not to know the nature of
the powdery substance in the packets shown to him, and that it was Insp Teng
who put the word “heroin” in Tan’s mouth – is both belated and entirely
improbable. In fact, Tan’s own testimony undermines this version of events.
During cross-examination by the Prosecution, Tan was asked what transpired
during the interview with Insp Teng. Tan’s testimony runs as follows:[note: 4]

A: Jack Teng asked me what were those things. I told him ‘number 3’. He asked
me what is ‘number 3’. I told him that I did not know but I believed it was
number 3 powder. That was what I said to him.

Q: So when was the word ‘ _pei hoon_ ’ mentioned by Insp Jack Teng?

A: I told him that it was number  3 powder and he wrote it down. **_After he
explained it to me that I believe it is ‘pei hoon’, or “bai fen” in Mandarin,
number_****** **_3._**

Q: Sorry Madam Interpreter, can you just clarify with the witness. Is he
saying that Jack Teng explained to him that what he had written down was ‘I
believe it is ‘ _pei hoon_ ’ number  3’, which is what is captured in the
statement? Well, Jack Teng says he said ‘ _pei hoon sar ho’_.

A: **_He explained the meaning of that sentence –_**

Q: In Hokkien, correct?

A: **_\- ‘I believe it is heroin number_****** **_3’ in Hokkien._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

It is clear from the above quotation that the third statement had been
accurately explained to Tan and recorded. Tan neither claimed to have
unequivocally denied knowledge of what he was carrying; nor did he claim that
Insp Teng had used the word “heroin” in any of his questions. In short, none
of the assertions put to Insp Teng by Tan’s counsel were borne out in Tan’s
subsequent testimony. Moreover, the italicised words reflect Tan’s
acknowledgement that Insp Teng had read the statement back to him, and even
more significantly, that according to the statement Tan had admitted that the
drugs were “heroin number 3”. Yet, he voluntarily signed the statement. Tan is
not a simpleton. He passed his “O” level exams, even managing a pass mark for
English.

49 When asked why, Tan’s response was as follows:[note: 5]

Q: [W]hen Insp  Teng told you that – or asked you to sign this statement in
which, as he explained to you, you said, ‘I believe this drug is – I believe
this is heroin number  3’, did you not – why did you not protest and say, ‘No,
I thought this drug was something else, so please write it down’? Because he
used the word ‘pei hoon’ to you, so you knew he was saying you were carrying
heroin?

A: From my observation and from what I’ve heard from the people there before
the arrival of Jack Teng, I started to suspect that what Jack Teng had said
was true.

Tan’s reply to the Prosecution’s question is both incongruous as well as
incredible. The issue is not, as Tan’s counsel has also submitted, whether Tan
had started to suspect that the yellowish powder was in fact heroin, by dint
of what he had heard and seen after his arrest; it is whether _Tan_ _realised_
the yellowish powder to have been heroin when he agreed to bring it into
Singapore. Neither is one persuaded, as Tan’s counsel appears to imply, that
because Insp Teng _“told”_ Tan that the drugs were heroin, Tan responded by
affirming what was being said to be a fact. Tan’s own evidence, highlighted
above at [43], confirms that he knew and was conscious that Insp Teng was
recording and translating his, _ie_ , Tan’s, own statement that “I believe it
is heroin number 3”. By appending his signature to a critical statement one
can only infer, in the absence of any other plausible reason, that it
represents a truthful account of his story. There has been no suggestion that
the statement had not been properly interpreted. In any event, as stated
earlier, he has a reasonable grasp of the English language. For completeness,
I should add that I have found Insp Teng, who gave his evidence in a direct
and forthright manner, a credible witness and accept his testimony that he had
not suggested the Hokkien equivalent of heroin when he recorded Tan’s
responses to his initial queries.

50 What then is the import of these three statements? It will be recalled that
Tan was reported to have said, in his first two statements, that the drugs
seized were “number 3”. Briefly put, the case for the Prosecution is that
“number 3” is the street term for heroin, and that by stating that the drugs
were “number 3”, Tan had explicitly acknowledged that he was importing heroin;
the Defence’s position, on the other hand, was that “number 3” had no
significance by itself.

51 I am not persuaded by the Defence’s interpretation of what Tan meant when
he referred to the drugs as “number 3” drugs. First, it is true that “number
3” by itself does not carry any particular connotation. It literally refers to
the numerical digit three. To accept the Defence’s position at face value
would, however, be to take Tan’s statements completely out of context. Both
statements were responses to questions pertaining to the nature of the packets
of yellowish powder were, which in turn, by his own admission, Tan knew to be
drugs. In this regard, Insp Teng’s testimony was both compelling, instructive
as well as entirely plausible:[note: 6]

Court: ‘ _Sar ho_ ’. Now, what does ‘ _sar ho_ ’ mean? Because if ‘ _pei hoon_
’ already means heroin, why the ‘ _sar ho’_?

Witness: Your Honour, because there’s different grading of heroin in the
market, so you got different grading, so number  3 is one of the grades.

…

Court: And when you use these different grades like number  3 …, other than
heroin, would you use the grades in relation to other types of drugs like
opium or cannabis or _ganja_?

Witness: Your Honour, from what I know, there’s no grading for cannabis or
ketamine, that sort of drugs.

…

Court: **_But heroin is the only drug used on the streets which has a number
attached to it to signify purity?_**

Witness: **_That is from my limited knowledge, Your Honour_.**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Defence counsel did not challenge this assertion. Therefore, it is reasonable
to conclude that when a reference is made to illicit drugs, the phrase “number
3” would usually refer to one particular type: heroin. Given the circumstances
under which Tan stated that the drugs were “number 3”, I was persuaded that
this was not an innocent reference but a clear and express admission that he
was carrying heroin.

52 The second reason why I found Tan’s counsel’s submission that the reference
to “number 3” did not amount to an acknowledgement of the nature of the drugs
untenable is this: When cross-examined by the Prosecution, Tan confirmed that
he knew that the drug he was carrying was called “number 3”. According to
Tan’s evidence, the reason he told the various officers that the drugs were
“number 3” was because this was what Uncle disclosed when Tan asked what the
drugs were. Upon closer scrutiny and consideration of the evidence, I am of
the view that such an assertion is devoid of even a scintilla of credibility.
In fact, it runs counter to Tan’s detailed narration of the events leading to
his arrest in his unchallenged statement dated 20 August 2005 recorded by
Assistant Superintendent of Police Herman Hamli. In that statement, he stated
as follows (at para 21):

[Uncle] then took out _3 big packets_ , all wrapped in mahjong paper. I cannot
see what was inside the packet. … I asked him what those packets are. _Uncle
then held up 3 fingers in reply_. He then proceeded to open the wrappings.
After the wrappings were opened, I saw that each package contained 3 plastic
packet[s] containing yellow powder. Each packet was wrapped in some clear
plastic. _I told him it was a lot. He told me that that it was not and just
used his fingers to indicate seven._ I asked him how I am supposed to carry so
many. Uncle said he will help me to strap the packets onto my body. [emphasis
added]

Clearly, any person of average intelligence, including Tan who asserts that he
did not know that “number 3” was the street name for heroin, would naturally
assume that Uncle was referring to the common name for the drugs or their
classification when he held up three fingers. It was decidedly not a reference
to the number of packets of drugs. Uncle held up seven fingers just moments
later, and Tan clearly acknowledged having understood that to the gesture
reflected the number of packets he was supposed to carry. Why else should he
readily infer that the three fingers related to the name or classification of
drugs but not seven? Why else should he consistently tell the various police
and CNB officers – including this court – that the drugs were “number 3”? He
could have said that while he did not know what the drugs were, he _thought_
they might have been called number 3. He failed to do so. Instead, he has
intimated unequivocally time and time again that he knew that the drugs were
called “number 3.” In my view, Tan knew full well that he was carrying heroin
and his statements indicating that the drugs were “number 3” were not, by any
stretch of imagination, benign references to the numerical digit three. The
Defence has failed dismally to disprove or displace the Prosecution’s evidence
that in the drug trade the reference to “number 3” points to heroin.

53 These inferences, if anything, are strengthened and sealed by the third
statement recorded by Insp Teng, critical excerpts of which have been
reproduced at [43] above. It amounts to a conclusive statement that he knew he
was carrying heroin. I have already set out the reasons why I cannot accept
Tan’s counsel’s submission that Insp Teng had deliberately or negligently
misinterpreted or wrongly recorded Tan’s statement (see [47] to [49] above).
Accordingly, I have no hesitation in coming to the conclusion that Tan was
fully aware that he was carrying heroin.

54 Two further points may be alluded to briefly. First, if, indeed, Tan
neither knew what he was carrying nor what “number 3” referred to, why did he
not state this critical fact in his various statements? For example, in his
statement recorded on 19 August 2005 pursuant to s 122(6) of the CPC, all Tan
stated was that “The driver does not know anything about the _pei hoon_. That
is all”. Tan’s counsel suggested that perhaps Tan was tired and confused,
particularly after being informed that he faced the death penalty. Be that as
it may, it is noteworthy that he had the presence of mind to exculpate the
taxi driver. Surely it would not have taken much more effort to further assert
that he too likewise, was in the dark; or that he did not realise he was
carrying heroin. In fact, by stating that the driver did not know of the _pei
hoon_ , Tan had implicitly articulated and affirmed his knowledge that the
drugs were indeed heroin. Tan’s counsel submitted that _pei hoon_ simply
referred to “white powder” and not heroin. This argument, with respect, is
simply too contrived. Given that the drugs brought in by Tan were yellowish in
colour, Tan’s reference to them as “white powder” could not have been an
entirely guileless description. It was on the contrary, a blatant reference to
heroin. Indeed, Tan admitted in cross-examination that he knew that _pei hoon_
was the Hokkien term for heroin:

Q: Witness, what I am driving at is prior to your arrest, did you know that
_pei hoon_ was the Hokkien term for heroin?

A: I roughly **_knew_** about it but I did not understand it fully.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Even if I were to accepted that on 19 August 2005, Tan’s mind was clouded and
confused with the potential threat of a capital charge, it strikes me as odd
that the day after in his statement dated 20 August 2005 or in his further
statement on 25 August 2005 there was no mention that he was oblivious to the
nature of the substance he had brought with him. Both these statements,
particularly the former, were comprehensive and detailed and failed to
reflect, in my opinion, anything other than a perfectly lucid mind. Not a
single exculpatory reference was made professing innocence _despite knowledge
that he faced the death penalty for importing heroin_. If indeed he
appreciated that different drugs attracted different penalties (the essence of
his defence was that he thought he was importing drugs that did not attract
the death penalty), why did he not so much as suggest that he did not know
what he was carrying? Even if he did not appreciate that the lack of knowledge
of the nature of the drug imported constituted a legal defence, any person
capable of producing a statement as lengthy and detailed as that dated 20
August 2005 would have immediately seized the opportunity, upon being aware
that he was being charged for importing _heroin_ , to state that he did not
know that the drugs he had imported were heroin. Given that the burden of
persuasion lies on the Defence, it bears the duty to adduce credible and
cogent evidence that will prove, on a balance of probabilities, that Tan did
not know that he had imported heroin. Tan’s half-hearted concession that he
“roughly knew” that the Hokkien term _pei hoon_ was a reference to heroin is
damning. This constitutes evidence, if not of actual knowledge then certainly
of “wilful blindness” to the nature of the drug he was bringing into
Singapore. In the circumstances, I find the statutory presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the drugs has not been dislodged even remotely.

55 The second point is this. Even if I was wrong to hold that Tan knew (and/or
has failed to disprove that he knew) that he was importing heroin, I was
persuaded that he had been wilfully blind to the obvious fact that he was
carrying heroin. The picture portrayed by the evidence is that of a man
desperately in need of money. He approached, without instigation or
encouragement, his friend to ask for _lobangs_ in the drug trafficking
business. He claims to have asked only to be involved in the trafficking of
Ecstasy within Malaysia; but this alone inherently demonstrates both knowledge
of the assortment of drugs available and of the potential severity of
punishment for smuggling drugs into Singapore. Yet, despite his professed
willingness to traffic only drugs that would attract a lower sentence, he did
not flinch when Uncle purportedly responded by holding up three fingers when
he asked what drugs he was carrying. It may be reasonably inferred from the
fact that he was prepared to traffic Ecstasy that he knew what Ecstasy looked
like. Moreover, he admitted during cross-examination that he read the
newspapers regularly enough to know that trafficking heroin attracted the
death penalty. Tan must have known that the yellowish powder could not have
been Ecstasy; he even accepted it was “number 3”. That Tan did not press on
with his inquiry concerning the nature of the drug even while he asked a
barrage of other questions regarding how he was going to carry so many packets
of drugs, whether he looked too bulky because of the drugs, and where he was
supposed to deliver them to, _inter alia_ , shows that if he did not already
know that he was carrying heroin, he was virtually certain that it was heroin
but wilfully chose to turn a blind eye. This is not a case of a trafficker
recklessly or negligently relying on an assurance that the drugs were not
serious; Uncle had given what Tan himself understood as an _affirmative_
indication that the drugs were “number 3” drugs. The inexorable inferences
from all these facts is that Tan must have known clearly, or else, at the very
least, chose to be wilfully blind to the fact that he was importing heroin.

**_Tan’s demeanour at the Woodlands checkpoint_**

56 Tan’s counsel submitted that a favourable inference should be drawn from
Tan’s calm demeanour at the Woodlands checkpoint even after he had been
stopped and directed towards the search room. According to Tan’s counsel, had
Tan known he was carrying heroin, he would– quite literally – have run for his
life. That he did not, indicates, or so the argument goes, that while he knew
he was in possession of something illegal, he did not expect that it was so
grave as to cause him the loss of his life.

57 I am not persuaded that any inference – much less one that is favourable to
Tan – ought to be drawn from the mere fact that Tan had not sought to escape
or cause a commotion at the Woodlands checkpoint. There could be a multitude
of reasons why an accused would choose not to run. One reason could be there
were simply no reasonable opportunities or conceivable escape routes available
to the accused. Yet another could be that an accused is hoping for exactly
what Tan’s counsel is now submitting, _ie_ , that the courts will be more
likely to draw an inference in his favour if he did not run than if he had.
Alternatively, knowing that his game was up, an accused could have resigned
himself to his fate; or he could literally have been “frozen” or paralysed by
fear upon being caught in possession of the drugs. Constable Phua, it should
be remembered, noted that Tan was nervous and shaking, presumably with fear
and anxiety. I should caution that this does not mean that a favourable
inference should never be drawn, especially if there are other circumstances
or facts that also speak in the accused’s favour; nor is it the case that a
negative inference should automatically be drawn if an accused attempts to
avoid arrest: see the recent Malaysian Court of Appeal decision in _Roslan bin
Sabu @ Omar v Pendakwa Raya_ [2006] 4 AMR 772 at 779.

58 In the present case, the evidence that Tan did not attempt to escape is
neither here nor there. Tan’s statement dated 20 August 2005 stated that he
was “speechless” when Constable Phua tapped the bulky parts of his body and
asked him what it was. He also claimed that he became “confused” and could not
“remember what exactly happened after that”. These facts hardly serve to
illustrate that Tan had failed to seize any opportunity to escape simply
because he did not think the drugs were serious. Rather, it points to only one
of two conclusions. Either Tan had simply been too shocked to even contemplate
the possibility of escape (especially since he had been assured by Uncle that
the customs officers would not ask him to alight from the taxi), or he was
speechless because he knew he was carrying heroin and that he faced the
possibility of death. Neither of these inferences can assist Tan in his
defence.

**_The quantum of payment_**

59 The final and flimsy string to the Defence’s bow is that if Tan had indeed
known that he was importing heroin, he would not have settled for the paltry
fee of $1,000 (or $800 as he confirmed during trial). To put it bluntly, such
an argument is hardly compelling. In this respect, I agree wholeheartedly with
the Prosecution’s submission that the acceptance of a low fee was probably
motivated by his urgent and rapidly deteriorating financial situation.
Moreover, given his professed ignorance of the drug trade, how could Tan have
known what an appropriate fee was?

60 Most crucially, I am not persuaded by this argument because of Tan’s own
evidence in court:[note: 7]

Court: At what point of time did you agree to the fee or remuneration for
couriering the drugs? Was it before or after they were strapped on to your
body?

Witness: _At the time when the drugs were being strapped on to my body_.

[emphasis added]

That the first – and only – mention of a fee surfaced while Uncle was
strapping the drugs onto Tan signifies that there was no genuine attempt
whatsoever to negotiate a fee for transporting the drugs. Indeed, according to
Tan’s statement dated 20 August 2005, no bargaining took place over how much
he was to be paid:

I asked Uncle how much I will get for this errand. Uncle told that he has
already given me RM 200 earlier. I told Uncle that the money has been spent on
hotel accommodations. Uncle said that it was no problem. Uncle said that when
I hand over packets to the person receiving it, he would give me S$1,000. I
was not supposed to collect any other payment from this person except my fees
for the errand. I asked him what happened if the other party does not pay me.
Uncle assured me not to worry. At this point, Uncle’s phone rang and he
answered the call.

It is abundantly clear that Tan was willing to traffic drugs for Uncle, for
any fee he perceived as acceptable. It is the tragic but inescapable truth
that many, if not the majority, of naïve and desperate drug couriers are
exploited and paid a pittance even though they are risking their lives. In the
absence of other compelling evidence (such as a course of negotiation, or a
custom dictating a certain price for certain drugs), the price at which a
courier is willing to traffic drugs is rarely (if ever) a barometer to signal
that the courier did not know the nature of the drugs he was trafficking.

**Conclusion**

61 As stated at the outset, it is common ground that the only issue in dispute
is whether Tan knew the nature of the drugs he had imported into Singapore. As
a result of the statutory presumption enacted under s 18(2) of the MDA, the
burden of proof lies with the Defence to displace the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the drugs on a balance of probabilities. Tan’s defence is
that he did not know that he was importing heroin; he thought it was some
other drug. In some cases, a bare denial might suffice to disprove knowledge.
This is not one of those cases. In this case, Tan’s consistent admissions to
various police and CNB officers that the drugs in his possession were “number
3” drugs constitute inexorably damning evidence. The belated submission that
this was simply a coincidence and that it did not refer to heroin is both
counterintuitive and illogical. None of his assertions that the drugs were
“number 3” were accompanied by protestations of ignorance as to what “number
3” meant. Moreover, the fact that he instantly and unhesitatingly connected
Uncle’s three fingers to the precise type of drugs in question unerringly
points to knowledge of the nature of the drug. Even if these inferences seem
insufficient, Tan’s unambiguous statement to Insp Teng that he knew he was
carrying heroin must surely seal the case against Tan. While Tan’s counsel has
tried to question the accuracy of the recorded statement, Tan’s own evidence
in court reveals that he was fully aware, when Insp Teng read the statement
back to him, that he, _ie_ , Tan, had admitted knowledge of importing heroin.

62 Even if I attached little or no weight to any of these statements in an
attempt to be charitable, what should one make of the failure to plead
ignorance in his later statements dated 20 and 25 August 2005? These
statements were not challenged in any manner either for voluntariness or
content. Furthermore, as I have already pointed out, they were detailed,
comprehensive, lengthy and extremely cogent.

63 Counsel for Tan argued valiantly in respect of the CNB officers’
difficulties in ascertaining that the drugs seized were heroin, then in
respect of Tan’s conduct at the Woodlands checkpoint and finally in respect of
the paltry fee Tan had accepted to traffic the drugs. However, none of these
arguments can even begin to sustain a plausible defence that Tan did not
actually have knowledge of the nature of the drugs.

64 Having considered the totality of the evidence and especially the
submissions made in Tan’s defence, I have come to the unwavering conclusion
that the presumption that Tan either knew that he was importing drugs (or at
the very least was wilfully blind to that fact) has not been rebutted on a
balance of probabilities. Indeed, based on the evidence adduced, Tan’s guilt
is axiomatic even without the application of the statutory presumptions. He
knew he was importing heroin. In the circumstances, I have convicted and
sentenced Tan accordingly.

65 Tan is not a hapless victim caught in the web of inevitable circumstances
beyond his control. He had real choices. While life may not have been kind to
him, he was under no compulsion to risk his life by committing an illicit act
for meagre returns. He has consciously chosen to run the legal gauntlet and to
leave everything to chance. Given the concatenation of circumstances, Tan’s
plaintive plea that “I am just unlucky as this was my first time doing it and
I was caught” is a tragic but futile one. The quantum of heroin involved is
hardly insubstantial. With a street value of some $900,000 it carries with it
the potential to ruin many lives and to cause incalculable pain and misery to
the wider community.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 33, lines 25-33; at p 34, line 1

[note: 2] NE at 59, lines 25-29

[note: 3] NE at p 94, lines 2-32; at p 95, lines 1-2

[note: 4] NE at p 220, lines 30-32; at p 221, lines 1-12

[note: 5] NE at p 224, lines 23-31

[note: 6] NE at 97, lines 7-11, 26-31; at 98, lines 10-12

[note: 7] NE at p 231, lines 19-22

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

