Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Burwill Trading Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGCA 34

Case Number | : | CA 7/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai SC and Chua Sui Tong (Wong Partnership) and Chong Siew Nyuk Josephine and Aqbal Singh A/L Kuldip Singh (UniLegal LLC) for the appellant; Gurbani Prem Kumar and Yee Weng Wai Bernard (Gurbani & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Panwah Steel Pte Ltd — Burwill Trading Pte Ltd   
  
Commercial Transactions – Sale of goods – Breach of contract – Damages for
breach of contract – Appropriate measure of damages for breach of contract by
non-delivery of goods  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Appellant buying rebars from
respondent and selling to third party for use in construction project –
Condition of agreement for sale of rebars from respondent to appellant that
supply of rebars "shall be as per the progress requirement of the project" –
Whether respondent entitled to cease supplying rebars to appellant due to
appellant's non-compliance with condition  
  
Words and Phrases – "Available market" – Section 51(3) Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

18 September 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The respondent, Burwill Trading Pte Ltd (“Burwill”), is a supplier of steel
reinforcing bars (“rebars”) and is part of the Natsteel group of companies.
The appellant, Panwah Steel Pte Ltd (“Panwah”), is a stockist, trader and
exporter of rebars. It purchases rebars from suppliers like Burwill and then
resells the rebars to contractors for various construction projects and export
markets. Burwill supplied rebars to Panwah under the following contracts:

(a) the Changi Agreement C020483(3) dated 23 May 2002;

(b) the First Term Contract C030107 dated 11 March 2003;

(c) the Second Term Contract C030626 dated 4 December 2003;

(d) the Yung Sheng Agreement C030520 dated 10 October 2003;

(e) the First Burmese Agreement C040283 dated 18 June 2004; and

(f) the Second Burmese Agreement C040329 dated 2 July 2004.

2 Burwill had sued Panwah for moneys in respect of unpaid rebars supplied by
Burwill to Panwah under the Changi Agreement, and the First and Second Term
Contracts. Panwah admitted Burwill’s claim for the sum of $1,394,953.65. On
the other hand, Panwah counterclaimed against Burwill for damages in respect
of Burwill’s short deliveries under the Changi Agreement, the Yung Sheng
Agreement, and the First and Second Burmese Agreements. The trial judge (“the
judge”) dismissed Panwah’s counterclaims. On appeal, Panwah did not contest
the judge’s dismissal of its counterclaims for the Yung Sheng Agreement and
only appealed on certain issues concerning the Burmese Agreements and the
Changi Agreement.

**The Burmese Agreements**

3 Under the First Burmese Agreement, Burwill had agreed to supply 2,000mt
(metric tonnes) of rebars (+/- 10%) to Panwah for the purposes of export to
Burma. Burwill only delivered 1,212.258mt out of its minimum obligation to
deliver at least 1,800mt out of 2,000mt, leaving an undelivered quantity of
587.742mt. Under the Second Burmese Agreement, the agreed quantity was 980mt
for the same purposes. According to Panwah’s submissions on appeal,[note: 1]
Burwill left 165mt undelivered under this second agreement. (We note that this
is a lower figure than that initially used by Panwah in its re-amended defence
and counterclaim, which was 275mt.) Panwah is appealing against the judge’s
decision on the loss and damage as a result of Burwill’s short delivery under
the Burmese Agreements.

**The Changi Agreement**

4 The Changi Agreement involved the sale of 39,000mt of rebars from Burwill to
Panwah. Panwah was acting as a middleman to supply the rebars to Koh Brothers
Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd (“Koh Brothers”). Koh
Brothers was the main contractor of a proposed Changi Water Reclamation Plant
C3A at Tanah Merah Coast (“the C3A project”). The supply of rebars under the
Changi Agreement was for the duration of one and a half years from 1 June 2002
to 31 December 2003. However, the agreement between Panwah and Koh Brothers
(“the KB Agreement”) was for two years from 30 June 2002 to 30 June 2004.

5 In December 2003, Panwah asked Burwill for a six-month extension to the
Changi Agreement up to 30 June 2004 in order to make it of the same duration
as the KB Agreement. At an 8 December 2003 meeting, Burwill requested that
Panwah obtain written confirmation from Koh Brothers that the KB Agreement was
indeed until 30 June 2004. Such confirmation was duly obtained and Burwill
agreed to the extension at the prevailing prices in a telefax dated 15
December 2003. The telefax also contained a stipulation that the supply “shall
be as per the progress requirement of the project” (“the Condition”). This
Condition was included because Burwill wanted to ensure that all the rebars
ordered by Panwah would be used in the C3A project and that Panwah could not
take advantage of the soaring prices of steel and resell the rebars for a
profit on the open market. There was some dispute whether Panwah had actually
agreed to the Condition, but during the course of the trial Panwah accepted
that it had.

6 In 2004, the amount of rebars ordered by Panwah was increasing dramatically
and Burwill became suspicious of this. When Burwill’s representatives visited
the C3A site, they noticed that unused rebars were being stored. Burwill began
to suspect that Panwah was attempting to stockpile the rebars in contravention
of the Condition and consequently ceased delivery of the rebars on 25 June
2004. This was followed by a formal notification of cessation dated 1 July
2004. At that time, the undelivered balance was about 8,100mt (“the
Shortfall”). However, the C3A project did not require the Shortfall, because
Koh Brothers had earlier redeployed a surplus of 11,764.079mt of rebars from
another site to the C3A project. Koh Brothers nonetheless wanted Panwah to
deliver the Shortfall under the KB Agreement because it wanted to replenish
its own stocks. Both Burwill and Panwah were apparently unaware of Koh
Brothers’ intentions. Panwah was unable to satisfy Koh Brothers’ demands
because of Burwill’s cessation of supply. As a result, Koh Brothers withheld
payment of about $1.4m for the rebars already delivered and claimed damages of
$3m against Panwah. The action was heard by the judge along with Burwill’s
counterclaim against Panwah. Judgment was given against Panwah and Panwah’s
appeal against the judge’s decision in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers
Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 788, is the
subject of another appeal before this court (_Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] SGCA 35).

7 In the instant case, Panwah is appealing against the judge’s decision not to
grant a declaration that Panwah was entitled to an indemnity from Burwill in
respect of all claims by Koh Brothers against Panwah arising out of Burwill’s
short delivery under the Changi Agreement (see _Burwill Trading Pte Ltd v
Panwah Steel Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 234 (hereafter referred to as “GD”)).

8 In so far as the Burmese Agreements are concerned, it was _conceded_ by
Burwill that it had _not_ pleaded cl 14.7 of its Standard Terms and Conditions
of Sale (“Standard Terms”). In the circumstances, given (as we shall see) the
judge’s holding that Burwill was not liable with respect to these Agreements
only because of the operation of cl 14.7, there is a remaining issue as to the
quantum of damages that ought to be awarded to Panwah, and which we will deal
with in a later part of this judgment.

**The issues canvassed before this court**

9 There were in fact three main issues canvassed in some detail before this
court, bearing in mind that what was at issue before this court revolved
around Panwah’s counterclaim against Burwill for non-delivery of rebars under
the Changi Agreement (Panwah having, as we have seen, accepted liability for
$1,394,953.65 with respect to Burwill’s claim against it).

10 The first main issue centred on whether or not Burwill was entitled to
cease the supply of rebars under the Changi Agreement as Panwah had failed to
comply with the Condition.

11 The second main issue centred on whether or not Panwah had, in any event,
exceeded its contractual credit limit under the Changi Agreement, thus
entitling Burwill to cease the supply of rebars to Panwah.

12 The third main issue centred on the quantum of damages that ought to be
awarded to Panwah with respect to the Burmese Agreements.

13 We will deal with each of these issues _seriatim_.

**_The Condition_**

14**** As we have seen above, the supply of rebars from Burwill to Panwah
under the (extended) Changi Agreement was subject to the Condition that such
supply “shall be as per the progress requirement of the project”.

15 It was Panwah’s argument that the issuance of its purchase orders upon the
receipt of Koh Brothers’ purchase orders would satisfy the Condition. The
judge rejected this argument on the basis that there had to be “something more
than the subjective word of Koh Brothers” in order for the Condition to be
fulfilled (see GD at [14]).

16 Counsel for Panwah, Mr Alvin Yeo SC, argued, however, that the contractual
context and surrounding circumstances in fact mandated a contrary result. In
particular, he argued that Burwill was perfectly aware of Koh Brothers – and
_vice versa_. It was clear, Mr Yeo argued, that all parties concerned (_viz_ ,
Burwill, Panwah and Koh Brothers) were aware that there was a back-to-back
supply arrangement, comprising the present contract (between Burwill and
Panwah) and the KB Agreement.

17 Indeed, Mr Yeo argued, further, that these two contracts were in fact
“mirror images” of each other – save for the fact that there had, originally
at least, been a difference in the supply duration. The KB Agreement was
scheduled to last for two years (from 30 June 2002 to 30 June 2004), whereas
the contract in the present proceedings was scheduled to last for one and a
half years (from 1 June 2002 to 31 December 2003). This necessitated,
according to Mr Yeo, the six-month extension referred to above (at [5]). He
also referred, in some detail, to the relevant correspondence between Panwah
and Burwill regarding the six-month extension, culminating in the letter from
Burwill to Panwah dated 15 December 2003, which not only granted the extension
but also contained the Condition. The material portions of this letter read as
follows:[note: 2]

CONTRACT FOR _C3A CHANGI WATER RECLAMATION PLANT_

_RE: EXTENSION OF CONTRACT DURATION TILL JUNE 2004 FOR CONTRACT C020483_

…

1\. We are pleased to inform that the management [of Burwill] has _agreed to
extend supply of reinforcement bar to Changi Water Reclamation Plant, C3A till
June 2004 under the terms and conditions stated in the existing contract
C020483_.

2\. Supply of materials shall be _as per the progress requirement of the
project_.

3\. As such, the banker’s guarantee of $500,000, which follows contract
C020483 is to be … extended till June 2004.

4\. This extension will be made valid upon receipt of the formal documents
stating the approval of the banker’s guarantee by the relevant bank
authorities.

5\. We look forward to your response, thank you.

[emphasis added]

18 Burwill had argued that para 2 of the letter (reproduced in the preceding
paragraph) was a new and independent condition, which therefore provided for
Burwill to assess and analyse the requirements of Panwah. In other words, the
mere “subjective word of Koh Brothers” would not suffice – an argument which,
as we have seen (at [15] above), was accepted by the judge.

19 Mr Yeo argued, however, that para 2 of the letter was _not_ a new and
independent condition but, rather, merely reiterated the original purpose of
the project. He further argued that, in any event, the interpretation advanced
by Burwill was not commercially workable.

20 We are of the view that Mr Yeo’s arguments are to be preferred. It was
clear that Burwill and Panwah did not discuss or unpack the details of the
progress requirement in para 2 of the letter at the time the extension was
agreed to. Up to that particular point in time (_ie_ , prior to the extension
of the contract between the parties), the detailed analysis argued for by
Burwill (and accepted, as we have seen, by the judge) did not exist. We agree
with Mr Yeo that if such a radical change were contemplated, it would indeed
have been expressed in clearer terms. In our view, the letter of extension of
15 December 2003, in the context of the surrounding circumstances taken as a
whole, demonstrated the intentions of both Burwill and Panwah to rationalise
the supply durations between the Changi Agreement and the KB Agreement.
Indeed, the very heading as well as para 1 of this particular letter refer, in
no uncertain terms, to the C3A project. Almost one and a half years had
already elapsed. In the light of the very general language of para 2 of this
letter, it is unlikely that the parties had intended any radical change to the
existing practice – at least not in the manner that Burwill had contended for.

21 It is true that counsel for Burwill, Mr Gurbani Prem Kumar, argued that the
KB Agreement had not been entered into at the same time as the Changi
Agreement, but a week later. It is also true, as Mr Gurbani pointed out, that
Panwah had entered into the KB Agreement (which stipulated a supply period of
two years) with full knowledge that the Changi Agreement was for one and a
half years. We do not, however, find, with respect, that these arguments
advance Burwill’s case. The real issue, in our view, is one of _substance_. It
is true that the respective timeframes (especially with regard to the
respective supply periods) were not wholly in sync with each other. However,
this was precisely why an extension of the Changi Agreement was required. It
would therefore seem to be more probable than not that, in _substance_ at
least, there was a back-to-back supply arrangement, comprising the present
contract (between Burwill and Panwah) and the KB Agreement.

22 In the circumstances, we would, with respect, differ from the decision of
the judge with regard to this particular issue.

23 However, that does not conclude this appeal in favour of Panwah in so far
as its counterclaim against Burwill under the Changi Agreement is concerned.
In particular, we have to also consider whether or not Panwah had, in any
event, exceeded its contractual credit limit, thus entitling Burwill to cease
the supply of rebars to Panwah. And it is to this issue that our attention
must now turn.

**_The credit limit_**

24 Mr Yeo referred the court to a great many documents to argue, _inter alia_
, that the amounts with regard to the credit limit were not clearly expressed.
He also argued against the alternative holding by the judge to the effect that
there was an oral agreement between the parties that the credit limit would be
reduced to $1.5m. Mr Yeo also pointed out that this agreement ought, in any
event, to have been in writing.

25 We do not find, with respect, Panwah’s arguments convincing. In our view,
it was clear that Panwah had exceeded its contractual credit limit. We agree
with the judge’s analysis on this particular point, which was (if we may say
so) both systematic and clear. We would just add that Panwah’s argument to the
effect that cl 2 of the Second Term Agreement had mistakenly utilised the
figure of $1,500,000 instead of $800,000 was a bald assertion. In the
circumstances, therefore, the judge’s holding that this particular clause
revised the previous global credit limit from $3,100,000 down to $1,500,000
instead is to be preferred.

26 We are also in agreement with the judge’s alternative holding that there
had been an oral agreement between the parties on 25 June 2004 that the credit
limit would be reduced to $1.5m and that there had been a breach of this
particular agreement. In this last-mentioned regard, we agree with Mr Gurbani
that Panwah’s argument to the effect that any revision to the credit limit
must be in writing (pursuant to cl 2.2 of the Standard Terms) was not pleaded
by Panwah and could not therefore now be argued because Burwill would, if this
particular point had in fact been raised in the court below, have argued that
the doctrine of waiver applied. Whilst, as Panwah argued, cl 2.2 was in fact
in Burwill’s re-re-amended reply and defence to counterclaim, this was by way
of passing mention only in the midst of other clauses that were quoted. More
importantly, the role of cl 2.2 in _this_ particular regard had never been
raised by Panwah. This probably also explains why this objection by Panwah did
not figure anywhere in the judge’s decision. We also observe that what
transpired between the parties on 25 June 2004 was a question of fact and
credibility for the judge. He clearly found in favour of Burwill (see,
especially, GD at [29] as well as at [33]–[35]), and we see no reason to
interfere with this particular finding.

27 In the premises, we dismiss Panwah’s appeal against the decision of the
judge based on our findings on this particular issue.

**_The Burmese Agreements_**

28 This is not quite the end of the matter. In so far as the Burmese
Agreements were concerned, the judge had found that Burwill would have been
liable to Panwah for damages but for cl 14.7 of the Standard Terms (see GD at
[58]–[60]). Clause 14.7 itself reads as follows:

14.7 The Seller shall not be liable for loss of profit, loss of use, loss of
contracts, delay in construction of building projects, or any consequential,
economic or indirect loss whatsoever and in particular (but without prejudice
to the generality of the foregoing) the Seller shall not be responsible for
any form of damages, liquidated or otherwise, imposed by developers on main
contractors and/or sub-contractors, whether the Buyer is a main contractor or
sub-contractor or otherwise.

29 However, Burwill has since _conceded_ that cl 14.7 of the Standard Terms
was _not pleaded_. It would appear, therefore, that Burwill would be liable to
Panwah with regard to the Burmese Agreements. We would add that, quite apart
from the issue of pleadings, such a clause would itself have raised, in
principle, a number of other potential legal questions – turning, _inter alia_
, on the construction of the clause at common law as well as the status of the
clause under the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed). Curiously,
none of these issues appeared to have been raised at the trial by counsel
concerned. Fortunately, though, they do not now need to be considered by the
present court. Indeed, the very raising of these questions would have
engendered, in turn, a host of other difficulties centring around the question
as to whether or not new points of law can be raised at this particular stage
of the proceedings.

30 However, Burwill had _another_ string to its legal bow: It relied on the
judge’s further holding to the effect that the damages to be awarded to Panwah
were based on the Second Burmese Agreement and that, consequently, no damages
were awardable under the Second Burmese Agreement as the contract price was
the same as the market price, and that US$7,052.90 was awardable under the
First Burmese Agreement (see GD at [71]–[72]).

31 Hence, everything turned on the _precise set of criteria_ to be utilised in
calculating the damages Burwill owed to Panwah. As we have just noted, Burwill
relied on the Second Burmese Agreement. Panwah, on the other hand, argued that
there was better evidence of market prices at the time of the breach in the
form of either the International Enterprise Singapore’s (“IE”) prices (IE was
formerly known as the Trade Development Board) or the Building and
Construction Authority’s (“BCA”) prices. The judge in fact rejected both the
IE as well as the BCA prices. He was of the view, first, that the IE figures
were unhelpful because “there was no evidence that import prices were the same
as prices for local delivery” (see GD at [67]). Secondly, he was of the view
that the BCA figures were unhelpful because the Burmese Agreements were
_export_ contracts (see GD at [71]).

32 The salient provision is, in fact, s 51(3) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed), which reads as follows:

Where there is an available market for the goods in question, the measure of
damages is prima facie to be ascertained by the difference between the
contract price and the market or current price of the goods at the time or
times when they ought to have been delivered or (if no time was fixed) at the
time of the refusal to deliver.

33 There does not – surprisingly perhaps – happen to be much guidance on what
constitutes “an available market” for the purposes of the provision just
quoted. In _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (A G Guest gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th
Ed, 2002), for example, it was submitted (at para 16-062) that “the courts are
likely to eschew formal limitations on the meaning of ‘available market’,
especially in the light of the fact that the concept provides only a prima
facie measure of damages which need not be applied whenever there is some
justification for not doing so” (and citing, _inter alia_ , the House of Lords
decision of _Charrington & Co, Limited v Wooder_ [1914] AC 71 at 82, where
Lord Dunedin observed, “I cannot agree with the view that the term ‘market’
has any fixed legal significance.”). In the same work, it is further observed
thus (see _ibid_):

The availability of buyers and sellers, and their ready capacity to supply or
to absorb the relevant goods is the basic concept of an “available market”: it
is submitted that there is no need to add to this the test of a price liable
to fluctuations in accordance with supply and demand, as occurs in official
exchanges or certain commodity markets. A fixed market price may render [the
provision] ineffective as a ground for substantive damages, but it should not
make the term “available market” inapplicable. A fluctuating market price
indicates the existence of an available market, but it should not be a
necessary test: “there must be sufficient traders who are in touch with each
other” [citing _ABD (Metals and Waste) Ltd v Anglo Chemical & Ore Company,
Ltd_ [1955] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 456 at 466].

The word “available” should be given both a temporal and a geographical
meaning: the buyers or sellers should be immediately accessible and within a
reasonable distance of the place where the breach of contract occurs.

34 Whilst furnishing some guidance, the principles set out in the preceding
paragraph are nevertheless still rather general in nature (_cf_ also
_Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ ([33] _supra_) at para 16-059). The relative dearth
of guidance with respect to what constitutes “an available market” is perhaps
due to the fact that this is very much a _factual_ inquiry (see also the
observation of Lord Dunedin in _Charrington & Co Ltd v Wooder_, cited in the
preceding paragraph). For example, much would turn on the nature of the
product concerned, the quantities involved, the available sources of supply,
the timeframe involved as well as the prices and price movements – to take but
a few of the more common factors. What this means, on a more general level, is
that one has to be rather careful in citing past precedents – even where the
same product is concerned. The citation of precedents for the purpose of
drawing general principles for application to the facts at hand do not, of
course, pose any difficulties. Difficulties, however, will arise when one
attempts to cite a prior precedent in order to persuade the court to adopt the
precise figures therein – or even figures which are close to it. This is not
to state that the court will never apply a precedent in such a specific
fashion. However, the facts would need to be virtually on “all fours” with the
facts in the case at hand.

35 It seems to us that, given the very factual nature of the inquiry in
situations such as that which exists in the present proceedings, _tangible
evidence_ is imperative. To this end, it seems to us that the reliance, by
Panwah, on the BCA and IE figures was not as unpersuasive as the judge made it
out to be. Indeed, both sets of figures were tangible ones; more importantly,
they were derived from the _average_ of prices from _many contracts_. This, in
fact, speaks more of a market than reliance on just a single price – which
was, ironically perhaps, precisely the case when the judge relied upon the
price of the Second Burmese Agreement.

36 It should also be noted that _Burwill’s_ _own director_ , Mr Jonathan Soh,
not only referred to Burwill’s import prices during the months of February,
June and July 2004 but also (and more importantly) stated that “these prices
are _fairly close to those published by International Enterprise Singapore_
[_viz_ , IE]” [emphasis added].[note: 3]

37 Bearing in mind the reference in the preceding paragraph and the judge’s
own reservations expressed _vis-à-vis_ the BCA prices, we are of the view that
the IE prices ought to be taken as the yardstick for this particular set of
proceedings. But we hasten to reiterate that, given the inherently (and
intensely) factual nature of the present inquiry itself, this ought not to be
taken as a yardstick in future cases.

38 Taking the IE prices as the reference point, and bearing in mind that the
shortfall concerned to be 587.742mt for the First Burmese Agreement and 165mt
for the Second Burmese Agreement, we find that Burwill should pay Panwah a
total of $38,356.84. The breakdown is as follows. The contract price for the
First Burmese Agreement is US$388 or $659.99 per mt (based on the exchange
rate at the date of breach on 16 July 2004, which was US$1 = $1.701). The IE
price for July 2004 is $715.42 per mt. For the Second Burmese Agreement, the
contract price is US$400 or $680.40 per mt, using the same exchange rate. In
the circumstances, this works out to the total just mentioned, with the
further breakdown, as follows:

(a) First Burmese Agreement – $32,578.54

(b) Second Burmese Agreement – $5,778.30

**Conclusion**

39 In summary, although we find that Panwah was not in breach of the
Condition, we find that it had nevertheless exceeded the credit limit and, in
any event, had breached the agreement arrived at on 25 June 2004 with regard
to its (Panwah’s) undertaking to reduce its outstandings down to the credit
limit of $1.5m. In the circumstances, therefore, we dismiss Panwah’s appeal
with respect to the Changi Agreement.

40 However, we allow Panwah’s appeal with respect to the quantum of damages
awardable in so far as the Burmese Agreements are concerned.

41 Finally, taking all the circumstances into account, we order Panwah to pay
Burwill 40% of its costs.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See the appellant’s case at para 79.

[note: 2] See the appellants’ core bundle at p 138.

[note: 3] See affidavit of evidence-in-chief at para 67. See also generally
_id_ at paras 65–68.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

