Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teng Yeow Fatt (as executor of the estate of Teng Mong Fong, deceased) v
Teng Siew Kee  
[2006] SGHC 156

Case Number | : | OS 871/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Shashidran s/o Nathan and Navin Joseph Lobo (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiff; Hee Theng Fong and Tay Wee Chong (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Teng Yeow Fatt (as executor of the estate of Teng Mong Fong, deceased) — Teng Siew Kee   
  
Probate and Administration – Distribution of assets – Whether assets in
question were validly gifted before death of the deceased or formed part of
the estate available for distribution  
  

8 September 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 Teng Mong Fong came to Singapore from China in 1936 at the age of 19. A
short while after that, he established a business under the trade name “Kim
Thong & Company”. In 1941, he married Che Yoke Chin. They were happily married
for almost 62 years until Mdm Che passed away at the end of 2002. In that
period of 62 years, they had seven children: five sons and two daughters. The
children had done well; among them were a teacher, an engineer, a lawyer, an
architect and a businessman. Teng Mong Fong’s business interests had grown:
Kim Thong & Company gave way to Kim Thong Industries Pte Ltd (“KTIPL”);
another company was formed in Malaysia known as Mahsing Textiles Industries
Sdn Bhd. He had acquired some real estate. In fact, he had become a wealthy
man owning, on top of these assets, some bank deposits of some millions of
dollars.

2 In many respects, this could have been the success storey of a self-made
man. But there is a tragic twist in the tale. Although he seemed to have lived
his life to provide better opportunities for his wife and children, he left
behind a legacy of acrimony, suspicion and deep divisions within a fractured
family. His last years appear to have been marked, among other things, by
sorrow over the loss of his beloved wife, misgivings over the lack of
harmonious relations with at least some of his children and anxiety over his
health.

3 He suffered a stroke after his wife passed away and then, even before he
died, the fighting had started. His six surviving children appear to have
formed two camps, one led by his fifth son, Teng Yeow Fatt, who is the
plaintiff before me, and the other by his elder daughter, Teng Siew Kee, who
is the defendant. In one of those great ironies of life, these were the two
children he had appointed as the executors to administer his estate.

4 It is perhaps a source of some consolation that by the time open hostilities
had broken out, Teng Mong Fong was probably not in a position to realise this.

5 The plaintiff brought this action _qua_ executor against his sister. The
originating summons prayed for the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that a sum of $400,000 said to be in the possession of the
defendant was not validly gifted by Teng Mong Fong to the defendant and is
therefore to be returned by the defendant to the estate (I refer to this as
“the first sum of $400,000”);

(b) a declaration that a further sum of $400,000 said to be in the possession
of the defendant is to be returned to the estate (I refer to this as “the
second sum of $400,000”);

(c) an order that the defendant give an account of Teng Mong Fong’s cash
reserves amounting to $100,000 prior to his demise, failing which the said sum
is to be returned to the estate;

(d) a declaration that the plaintiff as executor be entitled to declare the
said sums to the Commissioner of Estate Duties; and

(e) a declaration that certain expenses incurred by the defendant prior to
Teng Mong Fong’s demise amounting to $34,918 are not a debt due by the estate
to the defendant.

6 The defendant counterclaimed declarations to the opposite effect in respect
of the first sum of $400,000 and the expenses which she claimed was largely
medical expenses she had incurred in looking after her father prior to his
death. She further sought an order that the plaintiff pay her the sum of
$30,000 in respect of some shares in KTIPL which she had transferred to some
of the siblings in accordance with her father’s wishes but for which she had
been paid nothing. As to the second sum of $400,000 and the sum of $100,000 in
respect of which the account was sought, she sought that these prayers be
dismissed as she denied the existence of any such sums. I heard the evidence
(including the closing arguments) over eight days, some of which were partial
hearing days. Both counsel agreed that the only issues before me were matters
of fact.

7 All six siblings gave evidence before me: the plaintiff was supported by his
two brothers, Teng Joon Whatt and Teng Nam Fatt, while the defendant was
supported by her brother, Teng Hin Fatt, and her sister, Teng Lee Yin. It is
probably not surprising that the evidence was given with much emotion,
bitterness and even rancour. An element of subjectivity in such circumstances
is perhaps not unusual or unexpected. The real issue is the extent to which
these emotions may have so clouded the perceptions of the individuals
concerned as to render them liable to be mistaken in their recollection of
certain events or perhaps even to lie.

8 None of the witnesses left an overall impression that was totally
favourable. I note that of all the witnesses, Teng Hin Fatt, who gave evidence
for the defendant, stood alone as having nothing to gain or lose from the
evidence he was giving. However, Mr Nathan, counsel for the plaintiff,
observed that Teng Hin Fatt was especially emotive in certain aspects of his
evidence. This is true. This highlights the importance of not treating the
evidence of any particular witness with a broad brush in a case like this.
Rather, I consider that where feelings run strong and there is much emotional
baggage accumulated over the years, it is important to separate the strands
somewhat and to pay closer attention to the evidence given by the witnesses
generally on the key issues that were contentious and to assess, in relation
to those issues, which version was more probably the truth. I also consider it
relevant to assess the probabilities in the light of what Teng Mong Fong
himself had said or done as well as in the light of the objective facts, and
to test the impressions I formed about the veracity of a witness’s evidence
from his or her demeanour against the objective facts. This is appropriate in
my view in the light of such decisions as _Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v PP_
[2001] 4 SLR 610 at [9], and more recently _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_
[2006] SGHC 129.

9 In this regard, I was referred to a number of letters and notes Teng Mong
Fong had written in the last few years of his life. Both counsel accepted that
I could properly have regard to those as providing a window into his thoughts
and feelings when he wrote those documents. Mr Nathan cautioned, however, that
I should look at each document in its entirety and all the documents as a
whole as it sometimes appeared to be the case that the writer contradicted
himself. I accept that it would be wrong to analyse these documents in a way
which results in particular words or sentences being accorded undue weight
ignoring what had been said on other occasions. Nonetheless, I did find these
documents of some assistance.

10 The broad picture was not as contentious as certain specific incidents
were.

11 Teng Mong Fong and his wife lived at 150 South Bridge Road, #20-01 Fook Hai
Building (“Fook Hai”). The defendant had lived there with them for some time.
From 1988, the property was held in the joint names of Teng Mong Fong, his
wife and the defendant. At about that time, Teng Mong Fong apparently also
transferred the shares in Mahsing Textiles Industries Sdn Bhd to his sons.

12 Sometime in or about 2001, Teng Mong Fong decided that it was time for him
to retire from KTIPL. The shares at that time were held by each of the family
members. Teng Mong Fong decided that the shares held by him and Mdm Che would
be given in equal shares to his four surviving sons. However, 20,000 shares
were also held by each of the two daughters (_ie_ , the defendant and Teng Lee
Yin) and by Teng Hui Zhong who is Teng Mong Fong’s grandson by one of his sons
who had already passed away.

13 Teng Hin Fatt undertook the task of implementing Teng Mong Fong’s wishes.
He discussed the matter with each of these three persons. In accordance with
Teng Mong Fong’s wishes, the shares were transferred and Teng Lee Yin and Teng
Hui Zhong were each paid a sum of $30,000 for their shares.

14 This was paid initially by Teng Hin Fatt even though the share transfers
were executed in favour of different brothers. Teng Hin Fatt was then
reimbursed by the other brothers. No issue arises with respect to these two
transfers. The defendant, however did not receive any payment even though her
shares were also transferred.

15 Her evidence was that she wanted payment but was told that one or more of
her brothers lacked the means to make payment. Teng Hin Fatt said that the
defendant had agreed to forgo her entitlement to receive any payment subject
to Teng Mong Fong’s consent. However, Teng Mong Fong did not agree to this as
he considered it unfair since Teng Lee Yin and Teng Hui Zhong were going to be
paid.

16 The other three brothers stated that Teng Hin Fatt attended to the
arrangements and left them with the impression that the defendant did not wish
to be paid and was willing to waive or forgo her entitlement to be paid.
Reference was also made to a contemporaneous document written by Teng Hin Fatt
to his father in which he stated “[the defendant] does not want compensation”.

17 Having considered the evidence, I am satisfied that although the shares on
the face of the transfer forms were transferred by the transferors to
specified transferees, this was merely for convenience. The arrangement was
that the shares in question would be transferred to all the surviving brothers
equally. However, I am also satisfied that as to the following:

(a) There is no basis for the defendant in any event to seek the full payment
from the plaintiff.

(b) While it is clear that the transfers were part of a consolidated re-
organisation of the shares so that all the brothers benefited, the claim, if
any, is against each of them and not against any one jointly. It is true Teng
Hin Fatt made the initial payments for all the brothers but I consider that he
did this for convenience and perhaps out of a sense of moral duty to his
father rather than because he was legally obliged to.

18 However, on the evidence before me, I am satisfied that the defendant
voluntarily agreed that she would transfer the shares without consideration.
Notwithstanding Teng Hin Fatt’s evidence that Teng Siew Kee’s agreement to
forgo payment was subject to her father’s consent, I am not persuaded on a
balance of probabilities that Teng Siew Kee in fact retained an entitlement to
be paid. In my view, in effect she gifted the shares. This is borne out by the
contemporaneous document I have referred to and the absence of anything to
suggest this was in issue until the outbreak of the present hostilities. The
defendant’s counterclaim in this respect is therefore dismissed.

19 I turn to the principal claim. It was not disputed that in his later years,
the defendant was Teng Mong Fong’s primary care-giver. She was unmarried,
resided with him before as well as after his wife’s death and there are
several instances in Teng Mong Fong’s writings from this period where her role
and contribution to his care and his dependence upon her are referred to.

20 By the middle of 2002, Mdm Che’s health had taken a turn for the worse.
According to the defendant, sometime in October 2002, Teng Mong Fong handed
her a sum of $1.2m. This was the first time she became aware of the money. The
money was given to her by way of 1,200 pieces of $1,000 bills. These bills
were old in the sense that they were no longer in circulation although
undoubtedly they were legal tender. In the course of the evidence given by the
defendant, reference was made, perhaps euphemistically, to the fact that Teng
Mong Fong wanted the existence of these bills to be treated confidentially and
for it not to be made known to people outside the family. It was eventually
explained that this cash stash had been accumulated by Teng Mong Fong from his
business over the years and that he had not disclosed these earnings to the
tax authorities. He therefore harboured concerns that there would be trouble
if the money came to be discovered either by the Commissioner of Estate Duties
or by the Comptroller of Income Tax when he passed away. Whether or not this
was in fact the case, I am satisfied from the evidence of the defendant as
well as Teng Hin Fatt that Teng Mong Fong did have such concerns. This is
critical because it explains much of what Teng Mong Fong later did.
Unfortunately, perhaps out of a mixture of loyalty to her father and a desire
not to violate his trust, the defendant prevaricated on this issue for quite
some time before finally explaining the reason for her father’s sensitivity
about this.

21 By October 2002, Teng Mong Fong had had a stroke and his wife was suffering
from various ailments. According to the defendant, Teng Mong Fong asked her to
keep the currency bills in a safe deposit box. She opened a personal safe
deposit box account shortly after this and on my request, a copy of the
account opening form was produced. This revealed that the defendant did indeed
open a safe deposit box account on 15 October 2002. It was not in dispute that
at all times thereafter, she had access to the money and was able to and did
on her own open the box from time to time to retrieve portions of this sum.

22 According to the defendant, Teng Mong Fong told her to keep this money and
use it to support his wife in case he predeceased her. I accept her evidence
on this and note it is also consistent with a number of the surrounding
circumstances. It is apparent that Teng Mong Fong was sensitive about this
money and the prospect of it being discovered by the Government’s revenue
officers. He was therefore anxious that the existence of this money not be
disclosed in the estate duty returns when he died. By the time he handed it to
the defendant, he had already suffered a stroke and, given that his wife was
in poor health, it made sense that he should entrust the money to the
defendant with instructions that it be _spent_ on her mother’s upkeep if he
should predecease her mother. I also note that the defendant’s evidence on
this issue was corroborated by the evidence she was able to produce on my
request of her having opened a new safe deposit box account. Furthermore, this
evidence did not advance her own case but rather was neutral to it.

23 Events then took an unexpected turn. Barely two months after this, Mdm Che
passed away on 10 December 2002. Teng Mong Fong was obviously grieved by this
but almost at once he made a decision to give away this money.

24 Evidence was led as to events that transpired on 15 and 16 December 2002.
The defendant’s evidence was that Teng Mong Fong told her on the night of 15
December 2002 that he intended to give this money equally to his six children.
However, he wanted the defendant to keep the share meant for the younger
sister, Teng Lee Yin, until he gave further instructions. This is to be seen
in the context of the fact that there had been some tension between the rest
of Teng Mong Fong’s family and Teng Lee Yin and her husband who had set up a
business that competed in some respects with the Teng family business.

25 The defendant also testified that she told her father that she had some
anxiety about the difficulties she and Teng Lee Yin would encounter in
changing their share of the old bills (amounting to $400,000) into current
bills. Mr Shashi Nathan acted for the plaintiff and his cross-examination of
the defendant on this point was directed at why this should be difficult for
someone such as her, given that she was educated and seemed adept at managing
financial matters. This was a fair enough line to take but it does not pay due
regard to the fact that these were moneys that were apparently tainted and I
accept the defendant’s evidence that she believed this was so by then. Under
the best of circumstances, one walking into a bank with several hundred $1,000
bills invites suspicion; when these are uniformly bills that are out of
circulation, one expects greater unwanted scrutiny; and when the person owning
the bills knows that there is an inconvenient but hidden truth about the
money, that person is inevitably going to have a heightened sensitivity to
being seen with it. This confluence of circumstances explains, in my view, why
Teng Meng Fong decided to employ a somewhat complicated mechanism to manage
the conversion of a part of the funds. He decided to first give each of his
four sons 100 old $1,000 bills and when they had converted these and returned
the money in 100 new $1,000 bills, they were promised that they would each be
given a further 200 old $1,000 bills for them to retain.

26 Nobody else was party to the conversation between Teng Mong Fong and the
defendant on 15 December 2002 and in spite of Mr Nathan’s able and carefully
measured cross-examination, I generally accept the defendant’s evidence on
this.

27 What was heavily contentious was what happened on 16 December 2002. That
was the seventh day following Mdm Che’s death and some rituals and prayers had
been planned. At some stage that day, all the children went to Fook Hai; at
least some went to lunch with Teng Mong Fong at a restaurant called the
Meijiang Restaurant; at least some of the children went back to Fook Hai and
the four sons were each handed $100,000 of old bills pursuant to the mechanism
I have just referred to. In the evidence that was given, there were
discrepancies on certain details. But these discrepancies are not unnatural
when people try to recall events that took place four years ago and I was not
concerned by those that were not important. Indeed, the unnatural absence of
any such discrepancies might point towards an attempt having been made to
rehearse the evidence. However, where there was an accumulation of
contradictions and inconsistencies in any given instance, then the position
would be different.

28 In my judgment, the central question was: What did Teng Mong Fong say to
his children on 16 December 2002? However, much cross-examination was also
directed at these issues:

(a) Did Teng Lee Yin and Teng Hin Fatt go for lunch at the Meijiang
Restaurant?

(b) Did Teng Mong Fong make an announcement about his intentions in relation
to the sum of $1.2m at lunch or at Fook Hai after lunch or at both venues?

29 All the witnesses for the defendant stated that Teng Lee Yin and Teng Hin
Fatt did not go for lunch. The plaintiff’s witnesses generally went the other
way but I did form the impression in the cross-examination of Teng Nam Fatt
that he was attesting to the presence of Teng Hin Fatt and Teng Lee Yin at the
lunch not because he remembered this specifically but because this had
developed as the party position on the plaintiff’s side. This impression was
borne out by a great many contradictions and internal inconsistencies in Teng
Nam Fatt’s evidence. At one stage, he said that the sum of $100,000 in old
bills was handed to the brothers after lunch in the presence of each other and
of Teng Mong Fong. Shortly after this, he said he was not sure. At one point,
he said he was unsure if Teng Mong Fong had repeated his declaration at Fook
Hai. He later said positively that Teng Mong Fong had done so. He said at one
stage that he was unsure if Teng Hin Fatt joined the group at Fook Hai. He
later reversed this. He said he was unsure if Teng Hin Fatt’s wife had joined
the lunch at Meijiang restaurant but later said she had not when he was shown
what the plaintiff had said on this point. At one stage, he even specifically
resiled from a part of his affidavit dealing with these matters. What was
disturbing was that many of these points were matters he attested to on a
Friday afternoon (4 August 2006). After the weekend, on the following Monday
morning (7 August 2006), he reversed himself on a number of issues to bring
his evidence back into conformity with what the plaintiff had said. Yet
despite the haziness that apparently clouded his recollection on all these
issues, he doggedly maintained that Teng Hin Fatt and Teng Lee Yin did attend
the family lunch at the Meijiang restaurant. When asked how he was so sure of
this single fact, he could offer no sensible explanation. It is also
noteworthy that at another point when cross-examined on what Teng Lee Yin had
said at a family meeting on 23 October 2004, he contradicted what he had
earlier said in order to “support” what his brother Teng Joon Whatt had
testified.

30 All this did not leave me with a favourable impression. As each side
prepares its case and attempts to reconstruct its recollection of events there
is a tendency to fill in the gaps and this came through to me in the course of
the cross-examination of Teng Nam Fatt in particular. It appeared to me that
he was trying to give the “right” evidence.

31 As against this, I formed the impression that the evidence of each of the
defence witnesses on this issue was substantially unshaken and bore a ring of
truth.

32 It is significant to note that there was nothing to be gained by Teng Lee
Yin in her saying that she was neither at lunch nor at Fook Hai after lunch.
If she was prone to lie, it would have been far easier for her to lie that she
had heard Teng Mong Fong say that which the defendant and Teng Hin Fatt
attributed to him. Instead, by taking the position she did, she was not
helping her own position or her sister’s case and this enhances the ring of
truth I have just referred to.

33 Here, I mention also the evidence of Teng Hin Fatt. He too had nothing to
gain from lying about his absence at lunch. After all, the defendant and the
other three brothers all agreed that Teng Mong Fong did speak about his
intentions concerning the sum of $1.2m at lunch.

34 Mr Nathan submitted that Teng Hin Fatt was so consumed by hatred for Teng
Joon Whatt that his evidence should be rejected. I agree that Teng Hin Fatt’s
evidence was marked with animosity when speaking about Teng Joon Whatt in
particular and in recounting how the bad blood between the two camps had
started. But even taking that on board, he struck me as a truthful witness and
I found his evidence helpful once he managed to focus on the issues at hand.
If he was so driven by ill will towards his brothers that he was prepared to
come to court and lie as suggested by Mr Nathan, then it could not have been
lost on him that by saying he was not at the lunch he was depriving himself of
the opportunity to offer corroborative evidence as to what was said by Teng
Mong Fong at lunch.

35 On this issue, I therefore prefer the evidence put forward on behalf of the
defendant and find that Teng Lee Yin and Teng Hin Fatt were not at lunch at
the Meijiang Restaurant. I also find that Teng Hin Fatt but not Teng Lee Yin
went back to Fook Hai after the others returned from that lunch.

36 As to what happened at lunch, the evidence of the four siblings who I have
found were present at the lunch was that Teng Mong Fong did make an
announcement concerning the said sum of $1.2m.

37 The evidence of the plaintiff and the brothers who supported him was that
Teng Mong Fong announced that he wanted his four sons to each take $100,000 in
old currency notes and have them changed to new notes. This was to be done and
returned within a month whereupon he would give each son a gift of $200,000 in
old currency notes. According to the plaintiff, Teng Joon Whatt and Teng Nam
Fatt, nothing was said about any gift of the new notes to the daughters. It is
important to note that the case for the plaintiff was not that Teng Mong Fong
expressed a positive intention _not_ to make a like gift to his daughters but
only that he said nothing about it.

38 As against this, the defendant asserted that Teng Mong Fong did express an
intention to distribute the sums equally among his children. She also
maintained he repeated this at Fook Hai after lunch and Teng Hin Fatt
corroborated her on the latter point. Having considered the evidence given by
the witnesses on both sides, I generally preferred that which was adduced for
the defence.

39 I reiterate what I have said about Teng Hin Fatt’s evidence and the fact
that he stood to gain nothing at all from giving the evidence that he did.
Indeed, Mr Nathan candidly accepted that Teng Hin Fatt in fact stood to
benefit if the plaintiff succeeded. As such, at least from a material point of
view, he was in fact giving evidence against his own interest. Teng Hin Fatt
was cross-examined on the seeming inconsistency between his evidence that Teng
Mong Fong had declared his intention to give the sum of $400,000 to his
daughters and the contents of a letter he (Teng Hin Fatt) had written on 22
February 2005 to his siblings. In that letter, he had stated that when he
returned the money to his father, as far as he was concerned, it belonged to
Teng Mong Fong. His explanation on this was simple but convincing. He
explained that in that same letter, he had stated that once the money was
returned, Teng Mong Fong would then have to take his next step. In relation to
the daughters that next step, _ie_ , to complete the gift to them, was only to
be taken when all the brothers had returned the money they were to change. In
my view, his evidence on this was not shaken. This, coupled with his demeanour
when giving evidence on the key issues, led me to place significant weight on
his testimony.

40 Coupled with this, are the following points:

(a) It would be inappropriate to consider the evidence on this issue without
due regard being given to the fact that these dealings all concerned a stash
of cash that Teng Mong Fong was extremely sensitive about. His main concern,
according to both the defendant and Teng Hin Fatt, was to ensure that the
Government did not learn about the existence of this stash.

(b) He was apparently concerned that this fear could be realised if the stash
was to form a part of his estate. According to the defendant, he therefore
wished to avoid the money being included in his estate duty disclosures upon
his death.

(c) He had initially contemplated keeping the money for the upkeep of his wife
but when she predeceased him, it is evident that he almost immediately decided
to part with the money. It is significant, in my view, that he announced this
decision just days after the demise of his wife.

(d) He acted upon his decision at once and in fact parted with most of the
money within a month or so. This was consistent with his desire to ensure that
the money did not form any part of the estate.

(e) There was no need for him to be concerned about retaining this money for
his own needs given the fact that he had access to substantial sums of money
in bank accounts which he operated for quite some more time and which he spoke
of in some of his letters. Similarly, the fact that he apparently allowed the
defendant to retain possession of the new notes when it was returned by his
sons also militates against the idea that he wished to retain any interest in
this money.

(f) To the same effect is the fact that this sum was never mentioned in the
discussions that later took place concerning the preparation of his will (see
[51]–[53] below).

41 Accordingly, having regard to the oral evidence I have heard, and the
matters I have just referred to, I am satisfied that the plaintiff’s case is
untenable. In my judgment, when the sum of $400,000 was eventually returned in
current bills, as far as Teng Mong Fong was concerned, it was going to be
given to his daughters. The idea that Teng Mong Fong intended to retain
ownership of this money is not sustainable in my view. I am also satisfied and
I find that Teng Mong Fong did on 16 December 2002 articulate the intention to
distribute the sum of $400,000 to his daughters. In my judgment, this was done
at least to the defendant and to Teng Hin Fatt though I have no reason to
think that he was seeking to conceal this from his three other sons. Perhaps
they did not hear Teng Mong Fong say this because they were preoccupied with
the sizable gift they had just been promised or perhaps they were mistaken.

42 In the following month or so, each of the sons did exchange the old
currency bills for the new bills and returned these. This was done in a
variety of circumstances. According to Teng Hin Fatt, he returned the new
bills to his father in the presence of the defendant. There was some
inconsistency here between the evidence given by Teng Hin Fatt and the
defendant. Teng Hin Fatt was clear that he returned the money to his father
although the defendant was present and witnessed it. The defendant, on the
other hand, maintained that initially it was handed to her in her father’s
presence, and later, that her father saw the money and touched it before it
was given to her. The defendant’s version was put to Teng Hin Fatt and I was
impressed with the straightforward manner in which he disagreed with it.

43 I am satisfied that Teng Hin Fatt’s evidence was to be preferred over the
defendant’s on this issue. Indeed, her evidence on the circumstances in which
the money was returned after each of the brothers had converted the sum of
$100,000 into new bills was simply not satisfactory. She was subjected to able
and penetrating cross-examination by Mr Nathan and he succeeded in showing
that she had been untruthful both before as well as during the hearing in
court on this issue.

44 There was correspondence written by her past and present solicitors in
which she had taken the position that the money was returned by the plaintiff
and the other brothers directly to Teng Mong Fong and not through her when it
was eventually accepted that this was plainly untrue. In fact, except for Teng
Hin Fatt, the other brothers had returned the money to the defendant directly
though they maintained that she was receiving it on behalf of Teng Mong Fong.

45 Under cross-examination, the defendant’s evidence as to why she had falsely
instructed her solicitors was incoherent at times. She suggested at various
points that:

(a) She had been advised to take this position by her former solicitors M/s
Alfred Tan & Co. Although the solicitor concerned was invited to approach the
court to clarify the position if he wished to, he chose not to do so.

(b) She had lied because of the duty of confidentiality imposed by Teng Mong
Fong given the apparently tainted nature of these funds.

(c) She had lied because, as far as she was concerned, her brothers were
lying. It was not initially clear what the brothers were alleged to have lied
about or why this should have prompted her to lie.

46 None of these explanations was entirely satisfactory but they are to be
seen in the context of two points of some importance:

(a) The defendant was plainly alive to Teng Mong Fong’s preoccupation with
keeping the existence of this money out of the knowledge of anyone outside the
family. This might explain her unwillingness to discuss this openly even in
court.

(b) Mr Hee Theng Fong, who appeared for the defendant, explained in his
closing submissions that the lies she had communicated through her solicitors
were part of a misguided attempt to protect her position. He explained that
because she felt the plaintiff and his brothers were seeking to attack the
fact of the gift made to her by Teng Mong Fong, and were allegedly lying that
he had made no such gift, she wanted to protect her position. According to Mr
Hee, she thought it would be better for her if she maintained that the money
had reached her _via_ Teng Mong Fong rather than directly from the brothers
lest it be suggested that she had misappropriated the money when it had been
returned. In short, she thought it might be better for her to maintain that
the money had been handed to her by her father.

47 Mr Hee’s explanation was the best available. Nonetheless, the fact remains
that the defendant was far from forthcoming on this issue during cross-
examination. This is unfortunate and not something I condone. In my view, her
willingness to deviate from the truth may have contributed to a number of
misunderstandings that have given rise to these proceedings and caused them to
escalate as they did.

48 I say this because when the defendant responded through her solicitors to
the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 2 February 2005 in terms which were
patently untrue, this inevitably fuelled the suspicions that were already in
existence and took matters to a new depth. A measured truthful response
directed at achieving an understanding was what was in fact called for at that
time and had it been given, matters may well have been resolved without
reaching this stage.

49 After the money was returned by the brothers, it was kept by the defendant
in her safe deposit box. There is no dispute that Teng Mong Fong knew and
intended that each of the sons would receive the sums of $200,000 in old bills
when they returned a sum of $100,000 in new bills. This transaction was
consummated. In my view, it cannot be disputed that Teng Mong Fong knew the
total sum of $400,000 in new bills had been returned to the defendant and that
she had handed over the total sum of $800,000 in old bills. I am also
satisfied that the defendant retained possession of the returned bills at all
material times. This was done when Teng Mong Fong was still mentally able. The
fact that Teng Meng Fong did not seek to take possession of these bills or
deposit them in one of his own bank accounts or a safe deposit box in his own
name is indicative that he no longer considered them to be his own. It is also
consistent with the defendant’s evidence that the entire sum had been handed
to her on the basis that she was to retain Teng Lee Yin’s portion until she
was told to hand it to her.

50 This is further supported by the next sequence of material events. It
appears to be common ground that this stash was not mentioned again by Teng
Mong Fong to his sons. Sometime in March 2004, Teng Mong Fong was
hospitalised. According to Teng Lee Yin when she visited her father, he
informed her that he had left a sum of $200,000 with the defendant and this
would be given to her later.

51 Shortly after this in 2004, Teng Mong Fong decided that he wished to
prepare a will. To this end, he consulted the plaintiff, the defendant and his
own solicitor in preparing the will.

52 A draft was prepared. It was dated 23 April 2004 and it was discussed until
26 May 2004 when it was executed in its final form. There is no doubt that
Teng Mong Fong was in possession of his faculties at this time. There is also
no dispute that the plaintiff was consulted on the draft will. He commented on
it and the solicitor’s note of charges shows that the solicitor attended on
both the plaintiff and the defendant to take instructions on the will.

53 It is also clear that:

(a) in the draft will, Teng Mong Fong mentioned his assets, including money
maintained in current and fixed deposit accounts, but made no mention
whatsoever of the said sum of $400,000;

(b) in the final copy of the will, no assets were listed at all but rather
bequests were made of the estate as a whole;

(c) in both the draft and the final will, Teng Mong Fong’s intention was to
apportion what remained of his estate equally among his six surviving children
leaving aside one portion to establish a trust fund.

54 I consider that each of these matters is significant in the present
context. First, in listing his assets in the draft will, I do not accept that
Teng Mong Fong was choosing to set out only some of the assets he wished to
distribute. There is no reason at all for him to have so limited himself and
not to have dealt with the said sum of $400,000 if he considered that this
still belonged to him. After all, this was a draft will he had prepared for
discussion with his children and his solicitor. Further, if he felt he still
owned the money and wished to distribute it equally among his children but not
as part of his estate for the reasons I have mentioned, then by far the more
logical course for him to take would have been to distribute that sum among
all six children during his lifetime. Yet he did not do this either.
Furthermore, it is important to note that Teng Mong Fong never intended to
make any specific bequest of any part of his estate to any particular
beneficiary. Rather, at all times, his intention was that the estate be
realised and then divided equally among the surviving children, with a portion
set aside for a trust for the purposes of financing ancestral worship
services. This strongly indicates that in setting out the assets listed in his
draft will, Teng Mong Fong was making clear to his intended executors what
assets would be available for distribution. This is also borne out by the fact
that immediately after the assets were listed in the draft will, Teng Mong
Fong had written “The aforesaid estate shall be distributed …”. This clearly
pointed to those being the only assets that he considered were being dealt
with in his will.

55 Subsequently, in the final version of the will, given that there were no
specific bequests, the assets were not specifically listed. But significantly
the key directive to the executors was for them to liquidate his bank accounts
which, aside from his Central Provident Fund assets, were all he still had. In
the circumstances, the fact that he made no mention whatsoever of the sum of
$400,000 provides strong corroboration that he did not consider this an asset
that belonged to him and that was to be distributed as part of his estate.
Indeed, for the reasons I have already mentioned, I consider that he wanted to
part with this money before his death in the hope that by doing so, the
existence of this money would not be picked up by the revenue authorities.

56 I also consider it significant that the plaintiff reviewed this draft, and
made various comments upon it, but nowhere did he make any observation or
raise any inquiry about the sum of $400,000. When he was cross-examined on
this, he gave a rather curious response. He first said that he did not raise
any issue because this sum of $400,000 was not on his mind and then he said
that he had not done so because he had read a book on estate duty which
satisfied him that the general bequest extended to both movable and immovable
properties. I note first that these are inconsistent. If he had thought about
it after reading the book on estate duty and was satisfied that the general
bequest covered this money, then it must have been on his mind. In any case,
if he considered at that time that the sum of $400,000 properly formed a part
of Teng Mong Fong’s property, I consider he would and certainly should have
raised it. Had he done so, the matter would have been put beyond doubt. As it
transpired, he did not. But I am satisfied that certainly by this stage, Teng
Mong Fong himself did not consider this money to be a part of his estate. The
plaintiff also sought to argue that Teng Mong Fong’s failure to list the sum
of $400,000 in his draft will was irrelevant because the will in its final
form did not list _any_ assets. I do not agree. This misses the points I have
made above at [53]–[55].

57 Before leaving this, I should add one further observation. The will itself
provides for Teng Mong Fong’s estate to be divided equally among his surviving
children. The plaintiff’s position is that after Teng Mong Fong had given the
sum of $200,000 to each of the sons, the remaining sum of $400,000 formed a
part of the estate and was to be divided equally. This would mean of course
that in substance this money would have ended up being divided quite
unequally. However, it is noteworthy that as early as February 2001, in a
letter to his children written at a time that was before any part of this
stash had been distributed, he had articulated his intention to give his
estate away in line with his understanding of the intestacy laws, _ie_ , 50%
to his wife and the balance to his children equally. For all the submissions
that were made to me about Teng Mong Fong’s alleged biases in favour of his
sons, I saw nothing to bear this out at least in the later years of his life.
This is a significant point in that this further undermines the plaintiff’s
case that Teng Mong Fong intended to favour his sons in the distribution of
the stash. I do not accept that. Rather, as Mr Hee submitted, having regard to
Teng Mong Fong’s emotions towards the defendant in particular as expressed in
a number of his letters, it would have been illogical to think he
intentionally wanted to deny her an equal share in this asset.

58 Very shortly after the will was executed, according to the defendant, she
was instructed by Teng Mong Fong to hand over the sum of $200,000 to Teng Lee
Yin. She did so in June 2004. This was confirmed by Teng Lee Yin.

59 Teng Mong Fong suffered a stroke in August 2004 and then had a period of
poor health which ended in his becoming incapacitated in October 2004. By
then, he was in no position even to operate his bank accounts.

60 This is the prelude to the next sequence of events. It was not in dispute
that sometime in October 2004, the defendant called a family meeting to
discuss how Teng Mong Fong’s medical expenses were to be met. She explained
that as he was incapacitated and it was not known for how long he would
continue in this state, she wanted to get a commitment of support from all the
siblings. It was also not in dispute that:

(a) the first meeting called a few days earlier ended abruptly and without any
result when Teng Joon Whatt and Teng Hin Fatt got embroiled in a heated
quarrel; and

(b) the second meeting was called for 23 October 2004 and held at Fook Hai but
Teng Hin Fatt was not invited so as to prevent a recurrence of the earlier
quarrel.

61 Sadly, Teng Mong Fong lay incapacitated in Fook Hai while the second
meeting took place.

62 By way of background, Teng Nam Fatt said that the defendant had first
called him in August to seek a contribution of $300 per month towards Teng
Mong Fong’s medical expenses. He stated that he refused this on the spot.
There was apparently a further unsuccessful attempt in this direction and this
was the precursor to the October meeting at Fook Hai. Before the meeting, the
plaintiff, Teng Joon Whatt and Teng Nam Fatt had met on their own. They knew
that the defendant had called the meeting to discuss how their father’s
expenses were going to be met in the circumstances and decided among
themselves that they would not make any contribution towards these expenses.
However, after their own meeting, even though they had made this decision they
had not yet decided “how to go about it”. It was also common ground between
the plaintiff and Teng Nam Fatt that they knew about the sum of $400,000
before the meeting at Fook Hai but Teng Nam Fatt also maintained, however,
that this was not on his mind when he and his brothers took the position that
they were not going to make the requested contribution. This seemed to me to
be contradictory.

63 The evidence of what transpired at the Fook Hai meeting must be seen in
this light. The plaintiff, Teng Joon Whatt and Teng Nam Fatt had gone to the
meeting having already decided that they were not going to accede to the
defendant’s request for a contribution to meet Teng Mong Fong’s expenses.
Given the emotions of the moment, it made for a potentially explosive setting.

64 According to Teng Nam Fatt, their preoccupation at this time was to protect
themselves from the defendant’s request on the basis that Teng Mong Fong had
sufficient funds. I had some difficulty understanding this. The amounts in
question were rather small and whether or not the plaintiff had enough assets,
the point simply was that given his state he was patently not in a position to
access whatever funds that were kept in his bank accounts. They must therefore
have approached the meeting thinking that the defendant was holding cash that
originated from Teng Mong Fong, and having decided that the defendant should
be made to use those funds to meet the expenses in question. The meeting
rapidly degenerated with hurtful things being said.

65 In this light, I consider the evidence. The plaintiff’s evidence was that
at that meeting the defendant admitted that:

(a) she had taken a sum of $400,000 and had shared it with Teng Lee Yin
because Teng Mong Fong had given the brothers a similar sum;

(b) she had kept the stash of $400,000 in new currency bills, which the
brothers had returned, in her safe deposit box for herself; and

(c) Teng Mong Fong had reserves of around $100,000 which had been spent on his
maintenance.

66 This is the sole basis for some of the reliefs sought.

67 The defendant denied this. She maintained there was never any mention of
the second sum of $400,000 or the sum of $100,000. She maintained that the
quarrel was over the sum of $400,000 new notes which the plaintiff and the
other two brothers wanted her to use to settle Teng Mong Fong’s expenses.

68 In cross-examination much time was spent exploring the words allegedly used
and the sequence in which various things happened at the meeting. I approached
the evidence on both sides with caution but I am satisfied that on the
balance, the evidence given by the defendant and Teng Lee Yin is to be
preferred and I accept it and I so hold. Their evidence on this issue
withstood the cross-examination whereas the evidence given by the plaintiff
and his two brothers seemed again to have been coloured by an element of
mutual reinforcement. Indeed at one point, as I have noted, Teng Nam Fatt
contradicted his own evidence as to what transpired at this meeting in order
to support what Teng Joon Whatt had said. Mr Hee also made the point that it
would have been illogical, indeed senseless, for the defendant to have said at
one and the same conversation that she had taken the entire sum of $400,000
for herself (referring to the converted currency bills) and then had shared a
further sum of $400,000 with Teng Lee Yin _because the brothers had earlier
taken their share of $200,000_. I agree this makes no sense and it was not
sensibly explained even though it was raised in cross-examination. I further
note that the evidence of the defendant and Teng Lee Yin is consistent with
the findings I have made for the reasons I have already stated as to Teng Mong
Fong having given the first sum of $400,000 to his daughters.

69 I also consider the following points material:

(a) The plaintiff and his brothers approached the meeting with a fixed agenda
and their recollection of events should be even more cautiously assessed.

(b) The reference to two sums of $400,000 was uncannily coincidental and was
mostly likely the result of confusion over what was said amidst a heated
quarrel. Significantly, the plaintiff stated in his evidence that he and his
brothers retired to Teng Joon Whatt’s house after the quarrel at Fook Hai.
There, they discussed the sum of $400,000 they had returned earlier but had
some doubt about the second sum of $400,000. Further, his evidence was that
when the meeting ended at Fook Hai, mention was only made of the first sum of
$400,000 when the defendant was allegedly told she ought not to keep it.

(c) If these sums had been kept in a bank account operated by Teng Mong Fong,
then it would have been easy to establish from a perusal of bank records over
the last few years whether such a sum had been withdrawn. Yet there was
nothing to suggest this.

(d) If, on the other hand, this was a further stash of cash then it is
incredible that it was never mentioned by Teng Mong Fong in 2002 when he had
decided to divest his stash of $1.2m or indeed at any other time.

70 My findings on this issue are also borne out by the following facts.
Immediately after the family meeting broke up, the plaintiff and his brothers
left for Teng Joon Whatt’s house. According to Teng Nam Fatt, their major
preoccupation at this meeting was how to resist the defendant’s efforts in
pressing them with her claim for a contribution towards the medical expenses
of Teng Mong Fong. This was also borne out by Teng Joon Whatt. The defendant’s
request at that time was for a sum of a few hundred dollars. Yet if the
plaintiff and his brothers at that time had left Fook Hai with the clear
impression that the defendant had in effect _stolen_ from Teng Mong Fong a sum
of between $400,000 and $500,000 which they did not even know existed until
then, one would have expected this to have been the predominant matter
occupying their attention. Yet it was not. Furthermore, while they did consult
solicitors at some point of time after this, what is noteworthy is that
nothing was forthcoming for almost three months, and in the letter dated 2
February 2005 from the plaintiff’s solicitors, Harry Elias Partnership, which
is the first communication on this issue, there is a remarkable absence of any
reference whatsoever to this sum of $500,000 which is now in part the subject
of these proceedings. Instead, the letter mentioned _only_ the first sum of
$400,000.

71 Accordingly, I am satisfied there are no other sums of money than the first
sum of $400,000.

72 Teng Mong Fong passed away on 3 April 2005. Until his death, the defendant
bore his medical expenses with some contributions from Teng Lee Yin and Teng
Hin Fatt. There was no real dispute that the expenses had been incurred. The
plaintiff’s only basis for resisting the defendant’s claim to be reimbursed
from the estate was that she had access to and in fact used Teng Mong Fong’s
own assets. It follows from my foregoing findings that this was not the case.

73 The will provides that the estate shall reimburse any child who has borne
any medical expenses for Teng Mong Fong. These expenses claimed by the
defendant amount to $34,918.70. This included a sum of $2,500 paid by the
defendant by way of solicitors’ fees. On perusing the bill which is addressed
to the defendant in her personal capacity, it would appear the solicitors were
consulted in connection with resisting the plaintiff’s claims as to the first
sum of $400,000 and as to a contemplated application for a committee to be
appointed of the person and estate of Teng Mong Fong under the Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed). In the event, no such
application was made by the defendant. I am satisfied this sum of $2,500
should be treated as a personal expense of the defendant and not as an expense
chargeable to the estate. On the evidence before me, the same matters were
also the subject of consultation by the plaintiff of his solicitors and there
is no suggestion that the expenses he has incurred should be treated as
expenses of the estate.

74 In closing, I note that the burden of proof on the primary claims fell upon
the plaintiff. The plaintiff and his brothers accepted that they did not know
how Teng Mong Fong might have used his money and were in no position to say if
he had parted with it in favour of his daughters. The basis for their claim
appears to have been their belief that nothing was said by Teng Mong Fong on
16 December 2002 or subsequently about his wanting to give this sum of
$400,000 to his daughters, and what they believed was said by the defendant
during the quarrel of 23 October 2004. To this might be added the patent
falsehoods set out in the defendant’s solicitors’ letters in 2005 alleging
that the brothers had handed the money directly to Teng Mong Fong rather than
through her. In short, it was a case of a claim founded on a slender basis
that was then fuelled by suspicion borne out of what they knew was a lie being
told by the defendant. While I might understand how the plaintiff’s action
might have been driven to some degree by the defendant’s unsatisfactory
conduct in this respect, having heard the evidence and weighed the impressions
I formed of the witness against the objective and extrinsic facts, I am
satisfied that the plaintiff has failed to discharge his burden of proof.

75 In the premises, I dismiss the prayers sought by the plaintiff in these
proceedings and I grant the prayers sought in paras 82.1, 82.3 and 82.4 of the
defendant’s affidavit dated 2 June 2006 by way of counterclaim save that the
amount allowed under para 82.4 should be for an amount of $32,418.70. I
dismiss the prayer sought in para 82.6 of the defendant’s said affidavit and
make no order on para 82.5.

76 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

