Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore  
[2006] SGHC 214

Case Number | : | OS 8/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Plaintiff in person; Jimmy Yim SC, Abraham Vergis and Daniel Chia (Drew & Napier) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — Law Society of Singapore   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Breach – Gross overcharging – Fee
sought to be charged in bill of costs found unreasonable upon taxation –
Whether such fee amounting to gross overcharge – Whether dispute as to
existence of fee agreement relevant to determination of whether overcharging
taking place – Whether formal investigation by Disciplinary Committee to
determine existence of gross overcharging warranted on facts of case – Rule 38
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Procedure – Application to judge
upon dissatisfaction with Council of Law Society's determination – Exemption
of borrowing transaction – Whether person dissatisfied by decision of Council
of Law Society to invoke r 34(c) of Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules to exempt borrowing transaction from r 33 entitled to apply to judge
against decision pursuant to s 96 of Legal Profession Act – Section 96 Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed), rr 33, 34(c) Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

27 November 2006 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff, Mr Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“Mr Wee”), sued his bankers UBS Ag
in High Court Suit 834 of 2001 (“Suit 834”). In 2003, at a time when Suit 834
was part-heard, Mr Wee discharged his then lawyers and engaged Mr Lim Chor Pee
(“LCP”), the sole proprietor of M/s Chor Pee & Partners (“the firm”), to
represent him in the case. Mr Wee discharged LCP as his solicitor some time in
December 2004.

2 In April 2005, Mr Wee made four complaints to the defendant herein, The Law
Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”), against LCP. These complaints were:

(a) that LCP had, contrary to r 33 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), entered into
prohibited borrowing transactions with Mr Wee in that he had taken loans for
himself and for the firm from Mr Wee at a time when he was acting for Mr Wee;

(b) that by rendering a bill to Mr Wee in the sum of $612,300 on 13 January
2005, LCP had grossly overcharged Mr Wee in breach of r 38 of the Rules;

(c) that LCP had breached r 35(c) of the Rules by failing to inform Mr Wee of
the estimate of fees and also r 35(e) of the Rules by failing to inform him of
the approximate amount of costs incurred to date every six months or by
delivering interim bills, in relation to Suit 834; and

(d) that LCP had failed to place a sum of $10,000 received from Mr Wee on
fixed deposit despite having said that he would do so.

3 The Law Society appointed an Inquiry Committee (“IC”) to look into Mr Wee’s
complaints. The IC issued its report on 31 October 2005. In summary, the IC
found that:

(a) there had been a breach by LCP of r 33 but that that breach did not
warrant a formal investigation by the Disciplinary Committee (“DC”) and
instead a penalty of $2,000 would be sufficient and appropriate to the
misconduct committed;

(b) the complaint of overcharging had not been made out;

(c) with regard to rr 35(c) and (e), the circumstances had been adequately
explained by LCP and the complaint was thus not made out; and

(d) there were no grounds for disciplinary action on the complaint relating to
the fixed deposit.

4 The Council of the Law Society (“the Council”) held a meeting on 9 December
2005 to consider the IC’s report. After deliberation, it adopted the
recommendations made to dismiss the complaints relating to r 38, rr 35(c) and
(e) and LCP’s failure to place the $10,000 on fixed deposit. As for Mr Wee’s
complaint relating to the prohibited loan transaction under r 33, the Council
exercised the powers given to it by r 34(c) and made a determination that r 33
should not apply to the loans given by Mr Wee to LCP and the firm.

5 Mr Wee was dissatisfied with the result of his complaint. He therefore filed
the present originating summons in January 2006 and asked for relief pursuant
to s 96 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

**The statutory framework**

6 The relevant provisions of the Rules are:

**Definitions for purposes of rules 33 and 34**

**32.** For the purposes of rules 33 and 34 —

"independent advice" means advice by an advocate and solicitor not being a
party to the transaction nor representing any associated party and where the
advocate and solicitor certified in writing that he has given such advice;

"prohibited borrowing transaction" means any transaction under or by virtue of
which money or valuable security is borrowed (directly or indirectly and
whether with or without security) by an advocate and solicitor from his client
or by an associated party from that client unless the client is an excepted
person.

**Prohibited borrowing transaction**

**33.** Subject to rule 34, an advocate and solicitor shall not –

(a) enter into a prohibited borrowing transaction;

**Exempted borrowing transaction**

**34.** Rule 33 shall not apply to any transaction in respect of which —

(a) all parties thereto, other than the advocate and solicitor or the
associated party, have received independent advice and the certificate
referred to in the definition of “independent advice” in rule 32 as to that
advice has been given prior to the transaction being entered into; and the
advocate and solicitor has made full disclosure of any interest of the
advocate and solicitor and of any associated party;

(b) the advocate and solicitor does not act for the client in relation to the
transaction but the client is represented by an independent advocate and
solicitor; or

(c) the Council determines (either before or after the transaction is entered
into) that it shall not apply to that particular transaction.

**Fees**

**35.** An advocate and solicitor shall inform the client of —

(c) the estimates of the fees and other payments, which shall not vary
substantially from the final amount, unless the client has been informed of
the changed circumstances in writing;

(e) the approximate amount of the costs to date in every 6 months whether or
not a limit has been set or deliver an interim bill in appropriate cases.

**Gross overcharging**

**38.** An advocate and solicitor shall not render a bill (whether the bill is
subject to taxation or otherwise) which amounts to such gross overcharging
that will affect the integrity of the profession.

7 The regime under which the IC and the Law Society considered the complaints
that Mr Wee made is that established by Part VII of the Act and in particular,
s 85 “Complaints against advocates and solicitors”, s 86 “Inquiry”, s 87
“Council’s consideration of report” and s 96 “Procedure for complainant
dissatisfied with Council’s decision”. Under this regime, when the Law Society
receives any complaint it refers the same to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel
who then immediately constitutes a Review Committee to review the complaint.
If the Review Committee does not consider that the complaint is frivolous,
vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance, it will refer the matter back
to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel who will then constitute an inquiry
committee. The inquiry committee conducts its inquiry in accordance with the
provisions of s 86 and, on completion thereof, issues its report dealing with
the question of the necessity or otherwise of a formal investigation by a
Disciplinary Committee. This is found in s 86(7), which provides:

(7) The report of the Inquiry Committee shall, among other things, deal with
the question of the necessity or otherwise of a formal investigation by a
Disciplinary Committee and, if in the view of the Inquiry Committee no formal
investigation by a Disciplinary Committee is required, the Inquiry Committee
shall recommend to the Council —

(a) a penalty sufficient and appropriate to the misconduct committed; or

(b) that the complaint be dismissed.

I note here that in _Whitehouse Holdings Pte Ltd v Law Society of Singapore_
[1994] 2 SLR 476 (“ _Whitehouse_ ”), the Court of Appeal said that the role of
the inquiry committee was merely to investigate the complaint and consider
whether or not there was a _prima facie_ case for a formal investigation. It
did not have to make any conclusions on misconduct or whether an offence was
committed. This holding was endorsed by the same court in the subsequent case
of _Subbiah Pillai v Wong Meng Meng_ [2001] 3 SLR 544. This observation,
however, does not prohibit any inquiry committee from, in an appropriate case,
coming to a conclusion on misconduct since under s87(7) an inquiry committee
shall recommend to the Council an appropriate penalty where it finds
misconduct has been committed but considers that no formal investigation is
required.

8 Once the Council has received the report, it has to consider it and make
various determinations in accordance with s 87. For present purposes, only
sub-ss (1) and (2) are relevant:

**Council’s consideration of report**

**87.** —(1) The Council shall consider the report of the Inquiry Committee
and according to the circumstances of the case shall, within one month of the
receipt of the report, determine —

(a) that a formal investigation is not necessary;

(b) that no cause of sufficient gravity exists for a formal investigation but
that the advocate and solicitor should be ordered to pay a penalty under
section 88;

(c) that there should be a formal investigation by a Disciplinary Committee;
or

(d) that the matter be adjourned for consideration or be referred back to the
Inquiry Committee for reconsideration or a further report.

(2) If the Inquiry Committee in its report recommends —

(a) that there should be a formal investigation, then the Council shall
determine accordingly under subsection (1); or

(b) that a formal investigation by a Disciplinary Committee is not necessary,
the Council may, if it disagrees with the recommendation, request the Chief
Justice to appoint a Disciplinary Committee.

9 The complainant is notified thereafter of the Council’s decision. If he is
dissatisfied with the result, he may bring the matter to court in accordance
with the procedure set out in s 96 of the Act. This so far as relevant
provides:

**Procedure for complainant dissatisfied with Council’s decision**

96\. —(1) Where a person has made a complaint to the Society and the Council
has determined —

(a) that a formal investigation is not necessary; or

(b) that no sufficient cause for a formal investigation exists but that the
advocate and solicitor concerned should be ordered to pay a penalty,

that person, if he is dissatisfied with the determination, may within 14 days
of being notified of the Council’s determination apply to a Judge under this
section.

…

(4) At the hearing of the application, the Judge may make an order —

(a) affirming the determination of the Council; or

(b) directing the Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of
a Disciplinary Committee,

and such order for the payment of costs as may be just.

10 The role of the court on hearing an application under s 96 was explained in
_Whitehouse_ where the Court of Appeal said it was that of an appeal court
supervising a subordinate tribunal rather than that of a court of first
instance exercising original jurisdiction. Yong Pung How CJ made the following
observations on s 96 (at 486-487):

The role of the court in a s 96 application was clearly spelt out in _Wee
Anthony._ The court’s jurisdiction is appellate and supervisory in nature and
cannot be that of an original jurisdiction. In the present case, it would not
be correct to classify the assumption of jurisdiction by the court here as
belonging to the latter category. …

Mr Ramakrishnan also submitted before us that the appropriate remedy for a
dissatisfied complainant was to proceed under s 96 and that there was no
necessity to incur additional expense by resorting to other remedies. We
agree. Prerogative orders are, of course, concurrently available here.
However, its scope of application would also extend to areas outside the ambit
of s 96 and s 97 (for complainants dissatisfied with a disciplinary
committee’s decision). …

As we have said, we are of the view that there was relevant determination by
the Council. Section 96 was enacted as a specific appeal procedure for
dissatisfied complainants and therefore should be the procedure of first
resort. We do not find it inconsistent with the supervisory powers of the
court under s 96 to assume jurisdiction here.

With the foregoing structure and guidance in mind, I turn to consider each of
the complaints that Mr Wee had made to the Law Society and how they were dealt
with by the IC and the Council.

**The specific complaints**

**_Breach of r 33_**

11 The factual background to this complaint is that Mr Wee started Suit 834 in
July 2001. In March 2003, Mr Wee asked LCP to take over the case as his
solicitor. At that time, Suit 834 was part-heard, having been heard over 17
days in 2002 and was fixed to recommence in June 2003. LCP agreed to act for
Mr Wee despite the short notice and thereafter conducted the trial on his
behalf for a further 27 days from 23 June 2003 to 28 July 2003. During the
period between March and June 2003, the firm raised several invoices for the
work done in relation to Suit 834.

12 On 19 May 2003, while in the course of acting for Mr Wee, LCP asked Mr Wee
for, and received, a personal loan of $20,000. Three further personal loans
were made on 30 May 2003 ($8,500), 9 June 2003 ($39,000) and 25 June 2003
($16,500). In addition, Mr Wee made loans to the firm totalling $307,000 as
follows: 17 June 2003 ($75,000), 27 June 2003 ($50,000 and $150,000) and 28
August 2003 ($32,000) which LCP said he would repay by monthly instalments of
$7000 each. In September 2003, the firm paid Mr Wee the first such instalment
but no further instalments were forthcoming thereafter.

13 On 30 December 2004, Mr Wee’s claim in Suit 834 was dismissed. Mr Wee’s
appeal against the decision was dismissed in May 2004. In December that year,
Mr Wee discharged LCP as his solicitor.

14 On 3 January 2005, Mr Wee served LCP with two statutory demands demanding
repayment of the personal loans and the loans to the firm. Ten days later, the
firm sent Mr Wee an invoice for work done on Suit 834 (“the invoice”). The
amount charged as costs was $612,300. The amount payable after adding GST of
$30,615 and deducting the sum of $275,000 that Mr Wee had already paid as
fees, was $367,915. The next day, LCP applied to set aside the statutory
demand in respect of the loan made to the firm on the basis that the
outstanding balance of $300,000 had to be set off against the amount due to
the firm for work done in Suit 834 and therefore there was nothing owing to Mr
Wee. The statutory demand was set aside on 16 February 2005.

15 On 16 March 2005, LCP applied for a petition of course, _inter alia_ , for
bills relating to Suit 834. In response, Mr Wee asserted that there had been
an agreement to cap the costs for that action at $275,000 (“the fee
agreement”). Shortly thereafter, the complaint that led to these proceedings
was filed with the Law Society.

16 The petition of course was heard by the High Court in May 2005. The High
Court found that, as submitted by LCP, there was no fee agreement and ordered
that the firm’s bill proceed to taxation. Mr Wee appealed. His appeal was
successful and on 6 December 2005, the Court of Appeal affirmed that there had
been an agreement to cap fees at $275,000.

17 In the meantime, on 9 September 2005, LCP applied to the Council pursuant
to r 34(c) for a determination that the prohibition under r 33 did not apply
to the loans in question. The Council took the view that as the subject matter
of the application related to Mr Wee’s complaint which was then pending before
the IC, it was unable to make a determination on the matter. It indicated that
Mr Wee might wish to forward his submissions to the IC for their
consideration.

18 When the IC issued its report, it took the view that it had no powers under
the Rules to deal with LCP’s application under r 34(c) since that expressly
empowered the Council to make the determination. The IC noted, however, that
if the Council should determine that r 33 should not apply to the loans in
question, it would then follow that the complaint of breach of r 33 must fail.
On the substantive question, the IC expressed the following views:

(a) there was no doubt that LCP had committed a breach of r 33 unless the
Council subsequently granted LCP’s application under r 34(c). Whether Mr Wee
was unduly influenced to make the loans to LCP was irrelevant to the question
of whether the rule had been breached;

(b) however, the consequences of the breach were relevant to the question of
the gravity of the breach and so were the circumstances under which the loans
were sought and Mr Wee’s susceptibility to influence from LCP;

(c) it was clear that Mr Wee was fully aware what the loans were about and
what the consequences of making them were. In addition, given his experience,
the inference was irresistible that LCP was also aware of the long standing
prohibition against solicitors borrowing from clients;

(d) the IC could not, however, ignore the circumstances under which the loans
were requested. Suit 834 was part heard and scheduled to resume in June 2003.
Mr Wee’s previous solicitors had asked to be discharged and Mr Wee had sought
LCP’s help with respect to Suit 834. All his experience and savvy
notwithstanding, Mr Wee would be in an invidious position when faced with
requests for loans from LCP whose help he needed in the part heard action; and

(e) the IC could not, therefore, accept LCP’s submission that the breach of r
33 in this case was merely technical. The IC was, however, also of the view
that the circumstances of the case did not warrant a formal investigation by a
disciplinary committee and that a penalty of $2,000 would be sufficient and
appropriate to the misconduct committed.

19 The Council considered the findings of the IC over two Council meetings. In
relation to the complaint regarding the loans, the Council considered LCP’s
application under r 34 and it then exercised its discretionary power pursuant
to r 34(c) to make a determination to exempt the loans from the application of
r 33. In its letter of 15 December 2005 notifying Mr Wee of its decision, the
Council explained to Mr Wee that LCP had been exempted from the application of
r 33 for “at least the following reasons”:

(a) The loan was made by Mr Wee to LCP on account of their long friendship at
the Bar;

(b) There was no evidence that LCP exercised undue influence on, or took
advantage of, Mr Wee at the material time;

(c) The complaint against LCP had been lodged some two years after the loans
were made despite the fact that Mr Wee was or must have been fully aware of r
33; and

(d) Mr Wee’s letter of 21 November 2005 did not explain why he was of the view
that r 33 should be strictly applied given the fact that Mr Wee was a lawyer
who had had considerable legal and commercial experience at the material time.

20 Before me, Mr Wee who appeared in person, relied on the grounds given by
the IC for finding that LCP was in breach of r 33 and argued that there was no
lawful basis for the Council to resurrect r 34(c) to trump r 33 especially
when it had previously dismissed the application for an exemption under r
34(c) on the ground that the matter was already before the IC for an
investigation. In Mr Wee’s view, the IC having found that r 33 had been
breached, the Council should have sent the matter to a DC.

21 The Law Society’s response was two fold. First, it denied that it had
dismissed LCP’s application under r 34(c) when the same was first made in
September 2005. Instead, it had taken the view that it could not deal with the
application whilst the matter was before the IC. In effect therefore, it had
adjourned consideration of the application until the IC had made its report. I
agree with this submission. It is supported by evidence in the form of the Law
Society’s written response to LCP when it received his application.

22 The second submission made by the Law Society was more substantial. It was
that Mr Wee, by bringing an appeal under s 96 of the Act, had invoked the
wrong procedure in relation to the decision made by the Law Society on the
loans. It noted that the Council had exercised its discretion pursuant to r
34(c) to exempt the loans from the rigours of r 33. It argued that if Mr Wee
was dissatisfied with that determination, his proper recourse would have been
to apply for judicial review and prerogative remedies. In this connection, it
cited _Whitehouse_ which had confirmed that prerogative remedies are available
for matters arising under the Act in general.

23 In my judgment this argument cannot be rebutted. The appeal procedure under
s 96 of the Act is available only when the Council has made one of two types
of determination: either a determination that a formal investigation is not
necessary or a determination that no sufficient cause for a formal
investigation exists but that the advocate and solicitor concerned should be
ordered to pay a penalty. In either of those two cases, the complainant who is
dissatisfied with the determination, may invoke his right of appeal to the
court under s 96. Neither of these determinations was made in this case. In
fact, by making its decision under r 34(c) to exempt the loans from r 33, the
Council removed the substratum of the complaint made by Mr Wee. Once the loans
were approved in this way, nothing remained that could be complained about.
Therefore, s 96 could not apply to this case, _ie_ , the Council could not
have determined the loan complaint since the effect of the invocation of r 34
was to exempt the loans from determination.

24 The proper course for Mr Wee to have taken in order to challenge the
Council’s decision would have been to apply for a Quashing Order pursuant to O
53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2004 Rev Ed). Of course had he done so,
he would only have been able to succeed if he was able to persuade the court
that the Council’s decision had to be set aside because the Council had acted
without procedural propriety or had an improper purpose or that the decision
was irrational or illegal. He would not have been able to ask the court (as he
did in this application under s 96 of the Act) to examine the reasons that
Council gave for invoking the rule, to weigh those reasons and to affirm or
vary the decision.

25 There is no doubt that the Law Society and its decisions are amenable to
judicial review. That course is less attractive to complainants such as Mr Wee
than asking the court to exercise its appellate jurisdiction under s 96
because appeals are concerned with the substantive merits of the case whereas
reviews deal only with the legality of the decision under review. A court
conducting a judicial review does not question the merits of the exercise of
discretion and cannot substitute its own views as to how the discretion should
be exercised for the course actually taken (see _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP_
[1994] 3 SLR 662). Mr Wee may be aggrieved by this result but the legislation
is clear and the court’s appellate jurisdiction is not available except in the
circumstances described in s 96.

**_Breach of r 38_**

26 The background facts relating to this complaint have been set out above.
There is only one other matter that needs to be mentioned and that is that the
bill presented for taxation was in the sum of $700,000 and this sum was taxed
down to $390,000. As the amount taxed off exceeded one-sixth of the original
amount of the bill, the Registrar ordered that the costs of the taxation fixed
at $500 be paid by the firm to Mr Wee pursuant to s128(1)_(a)_ of the Act.

27 The IC noted that the complaint of gross overcharging related only to the
firm’s bill for $612,300 for work done in respect of Suit 834. In its first
report issued after the High Court had held that there was no fee agreement
and before the decision of the Court of Appeal, the IC took the position that
the previously quoted figure of $275,000 was irrelevant since no fee agreement
had been reached. That quote was an estimate made at an early stage of the
proceedings and it would be wrong to use it to decide on the bill issued after
all the work had been done. The IC considered the bill presented by M/s Drew &
Napier LLC who had acted for UBS Ag in Suit 834 and stated that for the period
after January 2003, Drew & Napier LLC had claimed $636,000 as party and party
costs and the High Court had allowed $380,000 for this period. This bill was
relevant because it was for approximately the same period as the firm’s bill
of costs in Suit 834. Whilst Drew & Napier’s bill had been drawn with a
certificate for two counsel which was not the case for the firm’s bill, the IC
noted that LCP had taken on Suit 834 at short notice, at a time when it was
part-heard and that he had had to apprise himself of all that had taken place
prior to his taking over conduct of Suit 834. In addition, LCP’s bill was for
solicitor and client costs and these were allowed by the assistant registrar
at $390,000. In these circumstances, the IC took the view that the complaint
of gross overcharging had not been made out.

28 After the Court of Appeal held that there had been a fee agreement, the
Council referred the overcharging complaint back to the IC for further
consideration. On 10 November 2005, the IC issued a supplemental report which
stated that the Court of Appeal’s decision did not affect its recommendation
on the complaint of gross overcharging. The most that could be said was that
there was a _bona fide_ dispute between Mr Wee and LCP as to whether there was
a binding agreement to cap fees. That dispute had been properly brought before
the courts and a final decision had been made by the Court of Appeal. In the
absence of such a _bona fide_ dispute, it might be argued that an advocate and
solicitor who rendered a bill grossly in excess of the agreed fee might be in
breach of r 38. But that was not the case here and therefore the IC still
considered that the complaint should be dismissed.

29 Before me, Mr Wee contended that the IC had made an unbalanced finding that
the complaint of gross overcharging was not made out because the assistant
registrar had, on taxation, allowed $390,000. In so finding, the IC had
ignored the fact that the assistant registrar had ordered LCP to pay the costs
of the taxation proceedings. Implicit in this order was a holding that the tax
invoice of $612,300 submitted for taxation was unreasonable. The IC had also
ignored the fact that the brunt of formulating the statement of claim and
attending to 14 days of the proceedings had been borne by Mr Wee’s first set
of solicitors and Queen’s Counsel. Additionally, the IC had not considered the
exaggerated and inflated hours of work reflected in the bill. As far as the
dispute was concerned, Mr Wee said that the Court of Appeal had held that the
fee agreement existed and the Council should have taken account of this.

30 The Law Society submitted that LCP’s fees were not exorbitant given the
nature of the work done. His invoice for $612,300 consisted of the earlier sum
of $275,000 (already invoiced and paid) and an additional sum of $367,915.
This invoice was not excessive in itself because:

(a) LCP was instructed on an urgent basis to take over a part-heard matter;

(b) the invoice covered 27 hearing days, closing submissions (for the whole
hearing which took 44 days) and one interlocutory appeal to the Court of
Appeal. The total time expended was 1020.5 hours;

(c) it was a technical and complex case involving losses suffered on a foreign
exchange deal and expert evidence was adduced and had to be dealt with;

(d) if the total amount claimed by LCP was divided by the number of hearing
days LCP attended (27), the daily rate was $23,000 (I note that the
correspondence shows that LCP had originally wanted to charge a brief fee of
$150,000 and a daily refresher of $7,500 which in total would have meant a day
rate of $13,055); and

(e) the bill should be compared with Drew & Napier’s bill which was taxed down
to $380,000 and also with the estimate given by Mr Wee’s first set of
solicitors who had said that their fees for 14 days of trial would be about
$346,000.

31 The Law Society also submitted that the agreement on fees could not form
the basis for concluding that LCP had grossly overcharged Mr Wee because the
circumstances showed that there was a genuine dispute as to whether such an
agreement existed. It would not be right, therefore, to base a charge of gross
overcharging on the difference between the bill presented and the amount
allegedly agreed to.

32 I think it would be helpful to set out the legal context in which a court
has to consider a complaint of gross overcharging under r 38. In _Re Lau Liat
Meng_ [1992] 2 SLR 203, the respondent solicitor had charged the complainant
$22,454.60 as fees for professional services rendered by him in obtaining
letters of administration to an estate with assets of $68,394. The
disciplinary committee found him guilty of overcharging and when he appeared
before the court of three judges, Yong Pung How CJ stated:

In our opinion, the law applicable to this case is straightforward. In
considering whether all the elements of the charge have been proved, the first
question is whether the reduced fee of $22,454.60 was far in excess of and
disproportionate to what the respondent was entitled to charge for the
services which he rendered. The next question is whether such overcharging, if
proved, amounts to grossly improper conduct in the discharge of his
professional duty. On the evidence, the disciplinary committee had no
difficulty in answering both questions and finding that the charge had been
proved beyond reasonable doubt.

It is settled law that solicitors rendering exorbitant or excessive bills lay
themselves open to disciplinary action (see _Abdul Rahim Rajudin_), for they
have abused the trust and confidence reposed in them.

33 There is, however, a difference between legal rules governing the
determination of costs payable to lawyers and the rule that excessive
overcharging may be professional misconduct. This was well explained by Ipp J
in the Australian case of _D’Alessandro v Legal Practitioners Complaints
Committee_ (1995) 15 WAR 198 at 209-210 (“ _D’Alessandro_ ”):

The standards applied under the court’s duty to monitor the taxation of bills
of costs agreements, and the court’s duty to supervise the disciplinary of
legal practitioners are not necessarily the same and do not serve identical
purposes. A fee that a solicitor may seek to charge by way of a bill of costs
may, upon taxation, be found to be unreasonable and therefore subject to
appropriate reduction. It does not, however, necessarily follow that the fees
so charged by the bill of costs are so excessive as to constitute a breach of
ethics. The test for determining whether excessive or unreasonable
overcharging constitutes professional misconduct would generally be more
stringent than that which is applied when determining whether the amount
claimed under a bill of costs or under a s 59(1) costs agreement should be
reduced, or whether the costs agreement should be cancelled. What is lawful
may not necessarily be ethical, and, indeed, what is unethical, may not
necessarily be unlawful.

In _The Law Society of the Australian Capital Territory v Lardner and Andrews_
[1998] SCACT 24, the Supreme Court after citing the above passage from
_D’Alessandro_ , went on to comment:

It follows that a costs agreement, even if legally valid, may result in
excessive overcharging which in turn, may support a finding of professional
misconduct. Ipp J also noted, however, that to claim a fee on a reasonably
arguable basis, albeit wrongly, cannot be characterised as unprofessional.
Mere lack of success on a solicitor/client taxation, therefore, will not
necessarily establish unprofessional conduct though it may establish the fact
of overcharging.

In the same case, the Supreme Court noted that it was not correct to determine
that an overcharge by a solicitor was a gross overcharge simply on the basis
that on taxation the bill had been reduced by one-sixth or more. This was
because such a reduction might “indicate no more than a legitimate and
reasonable difference of opinion between the taxing officer and the
solicitor”.

34 It can be very difficult to determine when an overcharge becomes a “gross
overcharge”. _Re Han Ngiap Juan_ [1993] 2 SLR 81 was a case where the
solicitor concerned had charged $6,725 for acting in a purchase of a property
when the correct charge should have been $1,975, and a further $3,000 for
filing an application for lapsing of caution when the correct fee should have
been $100. Those charges were clearly excessive and were held to be so. On the
other hand, in _Re Abdul Rahim Rajudin_ [1989] 1 MLJ 289, one of the charges
brought against the solicitor was that a bill rendered by him for $150,000 was
excessive. Although the court did not think that in the circumstances, the
respondent was justified in rendering a bill for that amount, the court was of
the opinion that it was improper conduct which fell short of grossly improper
conduct in the discharge of his professional duty. In Australia, in the case
of _The Council of the New South Wales Bar Association v Timothy Meakes_
[2006] NSWADT 67, the tribunal referred to two previous cases where
overcharges of approximately 60% and 40% respectively over and above the
amounts assessed by the taxing master were held to be gross overcharging, and
found that an overcharge of 66% was a gross overcharge.

35 In this particular case, the IC’s approach was to compare the amount of the
bill as taxed by the assistant registrar with the amount of the invoice and
consider whether the amount of the latter was a gross overcharge. Mr Wee’s
position was that it should have compared the invoice amount to the agreed
amount per the fee agreement. The IC, and subsequently, the Council, rejected
this position on the basis that there could not be gross overcharging if there
was a _bona fide_ dispute as to the existence of the fee agreement. I cannot
accept this argument. It is not relevant to the determination of overcharging
whether or not there was a genuine dispute as to the existence of a fee
agreement. The only relevant factor is whether the amount charged by the
solicitor is reasonable in the light of the work done and the other
circumstances of the case, for example, urgency and the seniority of the
solicitor. Whether a dispute over the existence of a fee agreement is _bona
fide_ or not is a question that goes to the issue of whether the solicitor
concerned has acted improperly in rendering a bill that was in excess (even if
not grossly in excess) of the agreed fee. It seems to me that if a solicitor
knows that he has made a fee agreement with a client and yet renders a bill
for an amount that is larger than that which has been agreed for the work
covered by the agreement, he would be guilty, at least, of misconduct
unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as
a member of an honourable profession. In this case, the IC’s finding that
there was a genuine dispute as to the existence of the fee agreement meant
that there would not be a _prima facie_ case that LCP had been guilty of this
type of misconduct. It did not, however, mean that in rendering the invoice he
had not grossly overcharged.

36 The correct approach was that taken by the IC in the first instance in
comparing the invoice amount with the taxed bill. That was correct because the
taxed bill was the result of a detailed consideration of the work done by LCP
by an independent adjudicator who was familiar with solicitors’ costs and the
levels of billing allowed by the courts. Thus, the amount of $390,000 which
the assistant registrar allowed reflected the fair and reasonable charge for
the firm’s work. It showed that $612,300 was an overcharge. That overcharge
was 57% over and above the amount assessed by the assistant registrar. In
fact, the bill presented for taxation was for $700,000 and if the difference
between that amount and $390,000 is calculated, the overcharge would be in the
region of 79%.

37 The IC was, however, correct to consider the matter on the basis of
$612,300 as that invoice was the subject of the complaint. As I have stated
above, the IC did not consider there to be have been gross overcharging
because of the circumstances which it mentioned in its report and which I have
cited above. I, however, take a different view. As the court in _Re Han Ngiap
Juan_ stated, at 88, whether the fact of overcharging amounts in law to
grossly improper conduct depends on the individual circumstances of each case.

38 In this case, the relevant circumstances are that LCP was retained in March
2003. On 2 April 2003, there was a discussion on the question of fees (this is
the discussion that the Court of Appeal subsequently found to have resulted in
the fee agreement) and on 3 April 2003, LCP issued an invoice to Mr Wee for
the sum of $50,000 which was duly paid. Thereafter, on various dates between 8
April 2003 and 12 June 2003, LCP issued nine more invoices to Mr Wee, all of
which were duly paid. At the end of the day, Mr Wee had paid $275,000 as fees
as well as GST thereon and a certain amount for disbursements. No further bill
for Suit 834 itself was rendered by LCP thereafter until the invoice sent on
13 January 2005 (some 18 months later) by which time Mr Wee had sent out the
statutory demands for repayment of the loans he had made. LCP’s next step was
to apply to set aside those statutory demands on the basis that he had a valid
defence of set off to the claims for repayment of the loans. Without
expressing a conclusion on the matter, it appears to me that that combination
of circumstances really calls for a proper investigation to determine whether
there was gross overcharging. In this connection, any amount that was charged
for a collateral purpose and not as a reflection of the work done would appear
to be a gross overcharge. The IC only needed to determine whether there was a
_prima facie_ case. In doing so, it should have taken all the circumstances
into account. In my judgment, it was not sufficient to consider the amount of
the invoice in relation only to the circumstances in which LCP was retained
and the amount charged by Drew & Napier without taking account of the wider
circumstances of the case. It should have considered the relevance, if any,
that the loans had to the invoice.

**_Breach of r 35 and the allegation as the lack of regular updates_**

39 The complaint here was that in contravention of rr 35(c) and (e) of the
Rules, LCP did not report to Mr Wee every six months on the legal and other
costs incurred. Mr Wee alleged that LCP failed to warn him of the possibility
that fees would exceed $275,000 and also did not deliver interim bills. LCP,
however, submitted that he gave Mr Wee nine invoices between 3 April and 12
June 2003 to the account of the retainer and fees and disbursements. He did
not update Mr Wee thereafter because there was nothing else to do after the
trial had concluded save to wait for the verdict. The IC accepted LCP’s
explanation and stated that any breach was likely to be too trivial to warrant
an investigation. The Council accepted the IC’s report.

40 I endorse the IC’s conclusion on this complaint as being patently correct.
True, LCP did not submit half yearly reports to Mr Wee. Yet, the nature of the
breach was so technical as to be _de minimis_. In fact, bearing in mind Mr
Wee’s position that at all times there was a fee agreement in place, he cannot
have expected to receive further interim bills after 12 June 2003 when he had
already been billed for the total amount agreed. Mr Wee did not complain about
any perceived lack of updating during the period in question and no one
suffered any detriment as a result of the omission.

**_Failure to place $10,000 in a fixed deposit account_**

41 This complaint related to Mr Wee’s intended appeal against the outcome of
Suit 834. Mr Wee had to provide $10,000 as security for the costs of the
appeal and when he forwarded the money to LCP, LCP told him that he would
place it in a fixed deposit account. Instead, LCP put the money in the firm’s
account. LCP’s argument before the IC was that although he had not done as he
said he would, Mr Wee did not suffer any loss by his omission. First, any
interest that accrued from a fixed deposit would in any case belong to the
firm which was holding it as stakeholder rather than to Mr Wee himself.
Second, the purpose for which the money was forwarded was fulfilled. It was
security for costs of the appeal and when the appeal was lost, the successful
respondent duly received payment of the $10,000 from the firm.

42 The IC accepted LCP’s explanation. It concluded that the oversight was
unintentional, that LCP had not profited unduly from the error and that the
money was used for its proper purpose. Therefore, it recommended that this
complaint be dismissed. Before me, Mr Wee argued that in his letter of 30
December 2003, LCP had said that the money would be placed in a fixed deposit
account because he wanted to use the money for his own benefit and had given
this undertaking in order to persuade Mr Wee to allow him to hold on to the
money instead of following the usual course of paying the security to the
Accountant-General. The IC had not investigated whether the $10,000 had
remained in the firm’s client’s account throughout 2004 and 2005 until it was
withdrawn in April 2005 for payment to Drew & Napier. It should have
investigated whether the money was misused instead of accepting the excuse
that the failure to put it on fixed deposit was due to an oversight.

43 I do not accept Mr Wee’s submissions. He was merely speculating that the
money may have been misused. The fact remains that when the money had to be
paid out, LCP produced it and it was paid over to Drew & Napier on Mr Wee’s
behalf. Mr Wee did not suffer any loss by reason of the omission to put the
money in a fixed deposit account. The loss of interest was suffered by the
firm. This complaint was another technical one and the Council was fully
entitled to accept the IC’s recommendation that no formal investigation was
required.

**Conclusion**

44 I have found that three of Mr Wee’s complaints have not been substantiated.
With respect of the fourth complaint, that relating to gross overcharging, I
take the view that there are grounds to investigate whether LCP’s invoice for
$612,300 was a gross overcharge and/or it was misconduct on the part of LCP to
issue that invoice. I therefore make the following orders:

(a) that the determination of the Council in relation to the complaints
relating to breach of rr 35(c) and (e) and the fixed deposit issue be
affirmed;

(b) that there be no order on the complaint relating to breach of r 33; and

(c) that the Law Society shall apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment
of a disciplinary committee in relation to the complaint concerning the issue
of the invoice for $612,300.

45 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

