Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 158

Case Number | : | MA 95/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for the appellant; April Phang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the Prosecution   
Parties | : |  Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused
firefighter responding to emergency call – Accused driving at high speed and
failing to stop at cross junction while traffic lights red against his favour
– Accused's fire-fighting vehicle colliding with taxi killing one and injuring
three others – Accused pleading guilty to charge of causing death and grievous
hurt and hurt by rash act – Accused sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment –
Whether sentence imposed by trial judge manifestly excessive – Appropriate
sentence – Sections 304A, 337, 339 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

8 September 2006

Tay Yong Kwang J:

**The background facts**

1 The 24-year-old appellant is a firefighter holding the rank of Sergeant in
the Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”). At the material time, he was a
section commander leading a team of firefighters. On 7 November 2005 at around
12.30pm, he was driving a SCDF Red Rhino, a firefighting vehicle, along Choa
Chu Kang Way to respond to a fire that had broken out on the third storey of a
building at Sungei Kadut Street 1. The Red Rhino had several firefighters on
board. It was travelling on the second lane from the left of the four-lane
dual carriageway.

2 At the signalised cross junction of Choa Chu Kang Way and the slip road
leading to the Kranji Expressway (“KJE”), the appellant failed to stop the Red
Rhino when the traffic lights were showing red against it. With the Red
Rhino’s siren and blinking lights turned on, the appellant assumed that other
vehicles would give way to the Red Rhino and he therefore drove it across the
junction. Unfortunately, a taxi with three passengers on board, which had the
right of way, was travelling diagonally across the junction from the Red
Rhino’s right towards the KJE. The resulting collision caused the taxi’s left
front passenger door to be dented and its left rear passenger door to be
ripped off, among other damage. At the time of accident, traffic flow was
light, visibility was clear and the road surface was dry.

3 The taxi driver, Peh Peng Chew (“Peh”), aged 55, suffered some bruises, a
laceration and some superficial abrasions. He was treated as an outpatient and
was given three days’ medical leave. The three passengers were Bedah binte
Samat (“Bedah”), aged 53, seated at the left rear passenger seat, Zuraidah
binte Mohd Salim (“Zuraidah”), aged 23, seated next to Bedah, and Nurul
Syafiqah binte Razali (“Nurul”), aged two, who was being carried by Zuraidah.
Bedah was the mother of Zuraidah, who, in turn, is the mother of Nurul. Sadly,
Bedah sustained serious multiple injuries and did not survive the accident.
Zuraidah, who was then 28 weeks pregnant, sustained injuries to her abdomen
and her chest. Her left pubic bone and some of her ribs were fractured.
Fortunately, the foetus inside her suffered no injuries. Zuraidah was warded
in hospital for nine days and was given 40 days’ medical leave thereafter. The
young Nurul sustained multiple small superficial lacerations on her face. She
was warded in hospital for two days and then discharged.

**The charges**

4 As a result of the accident, the appellant was charged with, and pleaded
guilty to, the following:

(a) One charge of doing a rash act not amounting to culpable homicide by
failing to conform to the red traffic light signal and thereby causing the
death of Bedah, an offence punishable under s 304A of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed), which provides for a maximum of two years’ imprisonment or a
fine or both.

(b) One charge of causing grievous hurt to Zuraidah by doing an act so rashly
as to endanger human life, an offence punishable under s 338 of the Penal
Code, which provides for a maximum of two years’ imprisonment or a fine of up
to $1,000 or both.

(c) One charge of causing hurt to Peh and to Nurul by doing an act so rashly
as to endanger the personal safety of others, an offence punishable under s
337 of the Penal Code, with a maximum imprisonment term of six months or a
fine of up to $500 or both.

**The district judge’s decision**

5 For the s 304A charge, the appellant was sentenced to nine months’
imprisonment and was disqualified from obtaining or holding a driving licence
for all classes of motor vehicles for eight years (pursuant to s 42 of the
Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed). For the s 338 charge, he was
sentenced to undergo six months’ imprisonment. For the last charge under s
337, he was sentenced to undergo three months’ imprisonment. The nine-month
and the six-month terms were ordered to run consecutively while the three-
month term was to run concurrently with them, resulting in a total of 15
months’ imprisonment. The appellant appealed against sentence but began
serving his sentence immediately.

6 The district judge held that the appellant’s plea of guilt did not
automatically entitle him to a discount in sentence as it had to be
counterbalanced by public interest. Further, such a plea carried less weight
in the face of overwhelming evidence. For these two propositions, he cited the
decisions in _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537 and _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v
PP_ [1990] SLR 1011. He also took into account the fact that one person died,
three others were injured as a result of the rash act and that Zuraidah’s then
unborn baby was put in danger. He also relied on the High Court decision in
_PP v Gan Lim Soon_ [1993] 3 SLR 261 (“ _Gan Lim Soon_ ”), which I shall
discuss later.

7 Noting that the offences in issue were essentially those concerning public
safety, particularly in respect of road usage, the district judge was of the
view that the emergency vehicle was a “potentially lethal device” and that
drivers of such vehicles responding to emergencies “must accept the
responsibility of having to exercise due care and attention to other road
users despite switching on the Red Rhino’s siren warning other road users that
the firemen were attending to an emergency” (_Mohamad Iskandar bin Basri v PP_
[2006] SGDC 124 at [22]). He found the appellant’s rash act “not particularly
odious” but was of the view that the sentence imposed should serve as a
general deterrence to other motorists. He also held that any financial
hardship suffered by the appellant and his family carried little weight, and
no weight at all when the term of imprisonment was short. In the result, he
saw no reason to depart from the usual tariff for such offences and sentenced
the appellant in the way described earlier.

**The submissions at the appeal**

8 The appellant lodged an appeal against the above sentences. Counsel for the
appellant indicated that he was appealing only against the imprisonment terms.
He argued that there was “not a scintilla of evidence that the Appellant was
speeding on approaching the junction”. The appellant actually saw that a lorry
on his right had stopped at the junction but assumed that other vehicles would
likewise stop and give way to the Red Rhino. The appellant was given eight
minutes to arrive at the scene of fire. He took the precaution of switching on
the siren and the Red Rhino’s blinking lights when he was approaching the
junction in question. After the accident, he came down and rendered assistance
to the victims of the accident. He co-operated with the police in
investigations. To show his remorse, he visited the victims in hospital,
sought their forgiveness and attended the funeral for Bedah. Zuraidah not only
forgave him, she signed a note on 2 June 2006 addressed to the district judge
stating as follows:

I am one of the victims in the above accident. The deceased person, Madam
Bedah Binte Samat is my mother.

I have been informed that the driver of the other motor vehicle, an SCDF Red
Rhino is presently facing criminal charges for the accident. I understand that
he was responding to an emergency at the material time.

He had also assisted the victims after the accident.

I hope that your Honour will impose a lenient sentence on him on all the
charges he is facing.

9 The appellant was a first offender and was truly contrite. The SCDF, in a
letter dated 16 May 2006 from the Commander of the 4th Civil Defence Division,
stated that the appellant was a reliable and responsible firefighter. It also
commented that despite the accident, he continued in his duties and led a team
to successfully extinguish a dangerous fire in a chemical factory on 2
February 2006.

10 The appellant was the main source of income for his family which comprised
his unemployed father, his mother (a teacher in a child care centre) and three
younger siblings. His rash driving was in the course of rushing to save
property and possibly lives on the day in issue. It was submitted therefore
that a fine or a short custodial sentence would be adequate punishment in the
circumstances.

11 The Prosecution submitted that the privilege of the right of way for
emergency vehicles under r 12(1) of the Road Traffic Rules (Cap 276, R 20,
1999 Rev Ed) was circumscribed by the proviso to r 12(4) which states that
drivers of such vehicles were not relieved from the provisions of any law
relating to dangerous, rash or negligent driving. Due to its sheer size, the
Red Rhino was “a more dangerous ‘lethal weapon’” as demonstrated by the fact
that the taxi involved in the accident was “totally pulverized on collision”
while the Red Rhino sustained minimal damage and the people on board suffered
no injuries.

12 It was also argued that the junction in issue was a major intersection and
the appellant should therefore have approached it carefully and ensured that
he had a clear view before driving through it against the light signals. There
was no evidence that other vehicles with the right of way had stopped to give
way to the Red Rhino. The lorry that was stationary to the right of the Red
Rhino had stopped in conformity with the red light and was blocking the
appellant’s view of part of the junction. Even if the appellant had not been
speeding across the junction, it did not mean that he was neither rash nor
negligent. Although it could not be stated conclusively what speed the Red
Rhino was travelling at, the indisputable fact was that the consequences of
the accident were devastating.

13 The Prosecution urged me to dismiss the appeal as the facts did not show
any reason to depart from the usual practice of imposing a custodial sentence
for rash drivers who caused death. It was submitted that a message should be
sent out to drivers of emergency services vehicles that they owed a duty of
care to other road users even when attending to emergency calls.

**My decision**

14 It is extremely sad that a life was lost and three persons were injured as
a result of this accident. The comforting news, as I have been told by the
deputy public prosecutor, is that the three injured persons have recovered
uneventfully and Zuraidah, Nurul and the baby are doing well. Despite the loss
of her mother and the injuries sustained by her, her daughter and the danger
posed to her then unborn second child, Zuraidah took the trouble to sign the
letter pleading for leniency for the appellant. For this heart-warming,
forgiving attitude, I commend her very highly.

15 The appellant must have been travelling at a high speed on the day in
question. All the circumstances, such as the damage to the taxi and the fact
that the Red Rhino had only eight minutes to respond to the emergency call,
point to this inference. The appellant was rash in his driving. He did take
the precaution of turning on the vehicle’s siren and blinking lights but he
sped across the rather wide junction despite having a blind spot to his right
(caused by the lorry which had stopped). The result was one death and three
persons injured, one rather seriously.

16 Section 304A of the Penal Code is worded rather simply. It states:

Whoever causes the death of any person by doing any rash or negligent act not
amounting to culpable homicide, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term
which may extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with both.

17 _Gan Lim Soon_ ([6] _supra_) involved a bus driver charged under s 304A of
the Penal Code with causing the death of a schoolgirl pedestrian by doing a
negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide in failing to give way to the
said pedestrian while the bus was making a left turn, thereby colliding into
the pedestrian who was crossing at a controlled crossing while the lights were
in her favour. The bus driver elected to remain silent and offered no
witnesses when he was called upon in the District Court to enter upon his
defence. He was acquitted and the Prosecution appealed. Yong Pung How CJ set
aside the acquittal and said (at 264, [10]):

Under s 304A the act can be due to either rashness or negligence. If death has
been caused by a rash act the proper punishment would be imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years. If death has been caused instead by a negligent
act, it would be sufficient in most cases to inflict a fine on the accused. In
this case the charge is for causing death by a negligent act, and in my view
the appropriate punishment would be a fine. Accordingly, I allow the appeal,
set aside the order of acquittal, and impose a fine of $6,000 with a sentence
of three months’ imprisonment in default of payment. The respondent is also
disqualified from driving all classes of vehicles for five years.

This case has since been regarded as setting the benchmark for sentencing
under the two limbs (rash and negligent) of s 304A of the Penal Code.

18 Some ten years later, Yong Pung How CJ had occasion to revisit _Gan Lim
Soon._ In _PP v Poh Teck Huat_ [2003] 2 SLR 299 (“ _Poh Teck Huat_ ”), the
driver of a car failed to stop at a stop line at a junction but merely slowed
down. He was not familiar with the area he was driving in. He saw no traffic
and continued across the junction. In the middle of the intersection, he
suddenly saw a motorcycle coming from his left and collided with it when he
could not stop his car in time. The driver immediately stopped his car and
called for an ambulance before proceeding to help the motorcyclist.
Unfortunately, the motorcyclist passed away two days later from his multiple
injuries. The driver was charged with doing a rash act under s 304A of the
Penal Code. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced by the Subordinate Court to a
fine of $8,000 and disqualified from driving all classes of vehicles for five
years. The Prosecution appealed.

19 In substituting a sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment for the fine, Yong
CJ said:

14 I would take this opportunity to clarify that _Gan Lim Soon_ does not mean
that a custodial sentence is mandated every time a human life is lost as a
result of a rash act. A simple examination of the language of s 304A shows
that Parliament had clearly accorded the sentencing court a discretion to
impose a fine or sentence of imprisonment regardless of whether death is the
result of a rash or negligent act.

15 Instead, what _Gan Lim Soon_ stands for is the proposition that, in most
cases where death is caused by a rash act, the sentence imposed should be that
of a term of imprisonment. This is especially true where the rash act involved
is rash driving. … It seems to me that the only way to bring home the message
with regards to this type of rash driving is to remind our drivers that if
they continue to take such risks, they face serious punishment which, except
in a most unusual case, must take the form of a custodial sentence.

16 Thus, while it must always be necessary to look closely into the individual
facts of each case before deciding on the proper sentence to be imposed, there
would be no need for aggravating factors to be present before a term of
imprisonment is imposed.

…

20 In examining the moral culpability of an offender, the scale would start
with mere negligence and end with gross recklessness. However negligence does
not end nicely where rashness begins and there is a certain measure of
overlap. As such, it is possible for the moral culpability of an offender who
has committed a rash act to be akin to that of a negligent act.

20 Yong CJ held that there were strong mitigating circumstances in Poh’s
favour. He had been driving at a low speed as evidenced by the minor damage
caused to both vehicles. He rendered immediate assistance to the victim and
“[m]ore importantly, he had pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity, even
though the Prosecution had declined to accede to representations to proceed
under a lower charge, which reflected well on his remorsefulness and
willingness to take responsibility for his acts” ([18] _supra_ at [30]). Poh
also had no antecedents and had a clean driving record.

21 Two unreported decisions were also discussed in _Poh Teck Huat_. The first
was _Sim Chong Eng v PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 119 of 1993) involving a bus
driver who had failed to stop at a T-junction while he was making a left turn
out of the bus interchange, thereby encroaching onto the path of an oncoming
bus and resulting in a collision which caused the death of the driver of the
oncoming bus. The appellant there claimed trial to a charge under the
negligent limb of s 304A of the Penal Code. He was convicted and sentenced to
pay a fine of $6,000 and disqualified from all classes of vehicles for five
years.

22 The second case considered was _Tay Kok Soon v PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No
245 of 1997). There, the appellant’s car shot out of a minor road onto a major
road at an uncontrolled junction and collided with another car, causing it to
flip over and killing the driver of that other car. The appellant claimed
trial to a charge under the rash limb of s 304A of the Penal Code. He was
convicted and sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment and disqualified from all
classes of vehicles for 15 years. On appeal, the sentence was varied to six
months’ imprisonment and ten years’ disqualification.

23 The distinction between rashness and negligence was applied by Yong CJ to
cases under s 336 of the Penal Code for sentencing purposes (see _Ngian Chin
Boon v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 119). As the only material difference between s 336 on
the one hand and s 337 and s 338 of the Penal Code on the other is that hurt
and grievous hurt are involved in the latter two sections, the same
distinction must also apply to these latter two sections. The district judge
here correctly noted this.

24 In the same way that _Gan Lim Soon_ does not mean that a custodial sentence
is mandated every time a human life is lost as a result of a rash act, it
would be logical to say that the converse is also true for death caused by a
negligent act, _ie_ , that imprisonment could be imposed for a negligent act
if the facts warrant it. This must be what was contemplated by the sentence,
“If death has been caused instead by a negligent act, it would be sufficient
_in most cases_ to inflict a fine on the accused.” [emphasis added] (see [17]
above). Thus, using the language in _Poh Teck Huat_ ([18] _supra_ at [15]),
“in a most unusual case”, imprisonment might well be imposed for a negligent
act.

25 Returning now to the facts of the present appeal, as I have indicated, the
appellant’s act of driving at a high speed across the junction in spite of the
red lights was clearly a very reckless act. The fact that the lorry on his
right had already stopped must mean that the red lights had come on for some
time already. This naturally meant that vehicles from other directions which
had the right of way would have already started going into the junction and it
would be incumbent for the appellant to at least slow down and scan the
junction before charging into it. What made it worse was the fact that a
rather large vehicle (the lorry) was partially blocking his right view. If he
could not see what was blocked by the lorry, surely vehicles on the other side
of the lorry would not be able to see and to know where the Red Rhino was
coming from even if they could hear its siren. The blinking lights, at around
noontime on a clear day, would not have been very effective in announcing its
presence. Driving in the manner that he did that day at a major intersection
must qualify as one of the most reckless acts because he was not merely trying
to beat the lights before they changed – they were already against him and he
disregarded them anyway.

26 However, putting things in their proper perspective, this was a case of a
conscientious firefighter leading his troops into battle with the forces of
nature. This was not a young man driving fast and furious for the sheer thrill
of it. Surely firefighters, ambulances, police officers and doctors rushing to
save lives and/or property in emergency situations ought to be viewed with
greater charity when they make mistakes of judgment, however egregious they
appear to be in retrospect. Accidents, by definition, are never intended
occurrences. The appellant wrongly assumed that all other vehicles at the
junction had noticed the Red Rhino and would give way to him. It is true that
he was being paid to do the public duty and was not doing voluntary
firefighting but one would have to be extremely cynical if one were to compare
him to a salesman rushing to meet a prospective client. This does not mean
that emergencies justify rashness. They do not. This case is a good reminder
for all drivers of emergency services vehicles that a duty of care is still
owed to other road users whatever the emergency may be.

27 It is difficult to measure remorse. It has been said that true remorse is
about being sorry for the act, not for being caught. In this instance, I do
not see a man cornered into surrendering (see the example given in _Wong Kai
Chuen Philip v PP_ ([6] _supra_). The appellant, badly shaken as he must have
been after the accident, nevertheless had the presence of mind to take care of
the victims of his recklessness. He visited them and attended the funeral for
Bedah. He sought their forgiveness. Obviously, Zuraidah did not think that the
appellant was putting on an act of contrition in order to save himself. She
forgave him and pleaded for leniency on his behalf, acknowledging that he was
responding to the call of duty. The plea of guilt was a natural manifestation
of his remorse. He had at least spared the victims of that harrowing
experience from having to recount their ordeal in open court. He did not seek
to push the blame to the taxi driver or others. He blamed the accident on his
erroneous assumption that others would give way to him. On top of these, he
also had a clean record.

28 While the appellant’s rash act in these circumstances was not such an
unusual case (see _Poh Teck Huat_ at [15], quoted at [24] _supra_) justifying
a non-custodial sentence, I was of the view that the terms imposed by the
district judge were much too harsh for him. The sentences imposed might have
been appropriate for a reckless driver speeding across a junction contrary to
the light signals for no particular reason other than out of habit or for the
sheer thrill of it or because he has had a little too much of intoxicating
drinks. They were manifestly excessive for a firefighter rushing to attend to
an emergency. The period of disqualification was not in issue at this appeal
but eight years would not be out of line with the decided cases discussed
earlier.

29 Further, although there was, sadly, one fatality and three injured persons,
they all stemmed from one act of rashness and not a series of such acts. The
“one-transaction” principle would therefore be applicable here. Although at
least two of the imprisonment terms must run consecutively, as mandated by s
18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), there was no good
reason why the two longer terms ought to be chosen to result in a longer
imprisonment term than if the longest and the shortest of the three terms were
chosen instead.

30 I therefore allowed the appeal and varied the imprisonment sentences in the
following manner:

(a) |  for the charge under s 304A |  – |  six months instead of nine, with the  
disqualification of eight years to stand  
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  for the charge under s 338 |  – |  two months instead of six  
(c) |  for the charge under s 337 |  – |  one month instead of three.  
  
The sentences for (a) and (c) above are to run consecutively while that for
(b) will run concurrently with them, making a total of seven months’
imprisonment and eight years’ disqualification for all classes of driving
licence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

