Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gan Too Cheh v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 23

Case Number | : | MA 100/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Julian Tay Wei Loong (Lee and Lee) for the appellant; Lee Cheow Han (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Gan Too Cheh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Employment of Foreign Workers Act –
Employing foreign worker outside conditions of work permit – Sections 5(3),
22(2) Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Finding of fact by trial judge
based on assessment of witnesses' credibility and veracity – Whether such
finding plainly wrong or against weight of evidence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Whether sentence manifestly
excessive – Appellant previously convicted for different offence – Appellant
accusing Prosecution witnesses of lying at trial  
  

10 February 2006

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal against conviction and sentence for employing a foreign
worker outside the conditions of the work permit, an offence under s 5(3) of
the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). I
dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.

**The facts**

**_The undisputed facts_**

2 The appellant is a hawker who sells fresh fruits at two adjacent stalls
(“the fruit stalls”) in a wet market in Hougang (“the Hougang market”). On 25
September 2004 (“the Arrest Date”), her Indonesian domestic worker, Ponirah
Namarja (“Ponirah”), was arrested at the fruit stalls by a team of officers
from the Ministry of Manpower (“the MOM officers”). The appellant was
subsequently charged as follows:

[T]hat you, from on or about **Mid Oct 2002 to 25 September 2004** at one
**Fruit Stall of #01-164/171 at Blk 209 Hougang Street 21 Kovan/Hougang Market
& Hawkers Ctr Singapore 530209**, did employ a foreigner, namely, **Ponirah
Namarja (PPT No. AE484679)** otherwise than in accordance with the conditions
of the Work Permit No. 004177371 issued to the said foreigner, to wit, you had
instructed the said foreigner to work at the said fruit stall as a Stall
Assistant when she was issued a work permit to be employed by you only as a
Domestic Worker and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 5(3)
of the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A) and punishable under
Section 22(2) of the same Act.

**_The Prosecution’s evidence_**

3 According to the Prosecution, on the morning of the Arrest Date, the MOM
officers went to the Hougang market after receiving an anonymous complaint
about a possible infringement of the Act at the fruit stalls. They first
observed the fruit stalls for some time from a distance of about 8m. During
that period (“the surveillance period”), Inspector Anthony Low (“PW1”) and
Assistant Employment Inspector Fadilah bte Mohammad (“PW3”) saw Ponirah tying
bananas and carrying boxes of fruit at the fruit stalls. PW3 also noticed the
maid arranging grapes for display. Ponirah was working alone, and no one was
seen instructing her as to what to do. The MOM officers then moved in for a
closer inspection of the fruit stalls. While PW1 and PW3 were questioning the
appellant and Ponirah respectively, Employment Inspector Aw Chin Hock (“PW4”)
took eight photographs of the fruit stalls (“the photographs”) as evidence of
the offence. It should be noted that none of the photographs showed Ponirah
actually working at the fruit stalls.

4 At the time of her arrest, Ponirah, who had been working for the appellant
since 15 July 2002, was serving her second term of employment. She testified
that she started assisting at the fruit stalls in October 2002, roughly three
months after her first term of employment began. Prior to that, she worked
solely at the appellant’s residence (“the flat”). For the month of October
2002, Ponirah helped out at the fruit stalls only on Saturdays. From November
2002 onwards, she worked there daily from Tuesdays to Sundays. She did not
have to do so on Mondays as the fruit stalls were usually closed on that day
of the week. On the one Monday of each month which coincided with a special
festive occasion (“Special Monday”), however, the fruit stalls would be open
and Ponirah would work there on those Mondays as well. It was the appellant
who instructed her to do so and who taught her what to do at the fruit stalls.
Apart from Ponirah, the appellant’s husband also worked at the fruit stalls
daily, while the appellant’s daughter (“DW2”) and younger son helped out on
weekends.

5 Ponirah elaborated that her routine on days when she assisted at the fruit
stalls was as follows. At 6.00am, she would go to the Hougang market with the
appellant. There, she would open the fruit stalls, remove the fruits from the
refrigerator and lay them out for sale. Fruits such as watermelons and
pineapples would be cut before they were displayed, and bananas would be hung
up. On Special Mondays, Ponirah would also lay out cakes used by devotees for
praying (“prayer cakes”). Having finished these tasks, which usually occupied
her till around 9.00am, she would return to the flat where she would carry out
household duties such as cleaning, ironing and cooking. Three times a week,
apart from helping out at the fruit stalls, Ponirah also had to buy food and
vegetables for the appellant’s family from the Hougang market.

**_The Defence’s evidence_**

6 The Defence denied that the appellant had instructed Ponirah to work at the
fruit stalls as stated in the charge. Although Ponirah was at the fruit stalls
on the Arrest Date, this was because the appellant had brought her there to
keep an eye on her. To explain why the appellant did so, the Defence adduced
evidence of events which allegedly took place from July 2004 onwards.

7 To begin with, there was a marked change in Ponirah’s work attitude soon
after her second term of employment began on 8 July 2004. The maid became lazy
and refused to do a lot of work, whereas she had been “very hard working with
pleasant attitude” during her first term of employment. DW2 cited a Sunday
morning in July 2004 when Ponirah returned from her routine marketing duties
at the Hougang market some two hours later than usual. The maid claimed that
she was late as she had gone to visit a cousin who worked near the flat. When
DW2 asked Ponirah’s cousin, in Ponirah’s presence, if this explanation was
true, Ponirah’s cousin initially denied that the visit had taken place before
hastily saying, after Ponirah’s angry interjection in Malay, that there had
indeed been such a visit.

8 In that same month, the appellant’s family started receiving numerous calls
for Ponirah, including calls from one “Dhana” who claimed that Ponirah owed
him $300 and demanded that the appellant’s family pay up on the maid’s behalf
(“the nuisance calls”). Annoyed by the deterioration in Ponirah’s job
performance and the nuisance calls, the appellant decided to employ a new maid
to replace Ponirah. Her application for a replacement maid was approved in
principle by the Ministry of Manpower on 17 September 2004. Additionally, in
order to stem the nuisance calls, the appellant changed the telephone number
of the flat on 23 September 2004. The nuisance calls did stop thereafter, but
the appellant remained concerned that something untoward might happen to her
and her family. Eventually, as a precautionary measure “[i]n case [she] was
murdered”, she made a police report on 28 September 2004 about the nuisance
calls (“the police report”).

9 Prior to that, the appellant had on 18 September 2004 taken Ponirah to the
maid agency which had arranged for her employment (“the maid agency”). There,
the appellant sought the help of the maid agency’s staff in ascertaining who
“Dhana” was as she did not understand much Bahasa Indonesian herself. On that
same occasion, both the appellant and the maid agency’s boss told Ponirah that
she was going to be dismissed from the appellant’s employment and sent back to
Indonesia. Ponirah at once retorted, “Never mind that you are sending me home
but someone is going to harm you.” Fearful of what Ponirah might do pursuant
to this threat, the appellant brought the maid to the fruit stalls daily from
19 September 2004 onwards so as to keep an eye on her. While Ponirah was
there, she spent her time chit-chatting with people at the back of the fruit
stalls. The appellant did not instruct Ponirah to work at the fruit stalls;
neither did she ever see the latter doing so. It was suggested that Ponirah
might, however, have either pretended to work or actually worked at the fruit
stalls while she was there so as to “set [the appellant] up”.

10 Ponirah accepted certain aspects of the Defence’s evidence when she was
cross-examined. Specifically, she agreed with DW2’s account of her late return
from the Hougang market on the Sunday morning in July 2004 ([7] _supra_). She
claimed, however, that she did not lie to DW2 about visiting her cousin on
that occasion. Ponirah also confirmed that the nuisance calls had been made to
the flat, but said that she did not know who “Dhana” was. She accepted that it
was the nuisance calls which prompted the appellant to bring her to the maid
agency for questioning on 18 September 2004. Ponirah denied, however, that she
was told of her impending repatriation to Indonesia either at the maid agency
on 18 September 2004 or at any other time during her employment with the
appellant; neither did she threaten the appellant at the maid agency as the
Defence alleged. She added that following the visit to the maid agency, she
remained in the flat for one week without going out as instructed by the
appellant, after which she resumed going to the fruit stalls with the latter.

**The decision at first instance**

11 The trial judge found Ponirah and the MOM officers to be truthful
witnesses. In her view, the lack of photographs which showed Ponirah actually
working at the fruit stalls ([3] _supra_) did not weaken the Prosecution’s
case since the MOM officers had given first-hand evidence of what they saw the
maid doing there on the Arrest Date. She also considered the uncertainty as to
whether the surveillance period was 40 minutes as PW1 and PW3 testified or 15
minutes as PW4 stated inconsequential since what mattered was the quality of
the observation.

12 In contrast, it was held that the appellant was not a credible witness
given her demeanour in court and the contents of her evidence. The trial judge
dismissed the police report as an afterthought devised by the appellant to
fabricate evidence for her defence. She likewise rejected as implausible the
appellant’s explanation for Ponirah’s presence at the fruit stalls on the
Arrest Date.

13 Having assessed all the relevant facts and circumstances as well as the
respective witnesses’ credibility, the trial judge accepted the Prosecution’s
evidence in lieu of the Defence’s evidence and convicted the appellant of the
offence charged. She placed particular emphasis on the fact that Ponirah was
familiar with the routine and her duties at the fruit stalls, and was even
aware that prayer cakes were sold there on Special Mondays. Such detailed
knowledge, it was held, indicated that Ponirah must have been working at the
fruit stalls regularly prior to her arrest. In light of the baseless
aspersions which the appellant cast on the MOM officers (in particular, PW1
and PW3) during the trial and her previous conviction on 18 October 1975 for
the offence under s 56(1)(_e_) of the Immigration Act (Cap 81, 1970 Rev Ed)
(employment of illegal immigrants), the trial judge sentenced her to a fine of
$4,000.

**The appeal against conviction**

14 Before this court, the appellant raised a multitude of factors which were
said to militate against her conviction. I have in this judgment dealt with
these factors under the following heads:

(a) The trial judge erred in accepting the Prosecution’s evidence as it was
unreliable.

(b) The trial judge’s reasons for rejecting the appellant’s defence were
unsound.

(c) The trial judge was wrong to hold that Ponirah was familiar with the
activities at the fruit stalls because she had worked there regularly prior to
her arrest.

(d) There was no evidence which supported Ponirah’s claim that she had
assisted at the fruit stalls since October 2002.

15 In assessing the appellant’s case on each of the above issues, I had it in
mind that the trial judge’s conclusion that Ponirah did work at the fruit
stalls throughout the period stated in the charge was essentially a finding of
fact based on an assessment of the witnesses’ credibility and veracity. It is
trite law that findings of this nature should not be overturned unless they
are plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence: see, _inter alia_ ,
_Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at 719, [32], _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 656 at [24] and _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 474 at [62].

**_The trial judge’s acceptance of the Prosecution’s evidence_**

16 The appellant’s criticisms in this area were that the trial judge erred in
finding Ponirah a credible witness and placed undue emphasis on the
testimonies of PW1, PW3 and PW4.

17 On the former point, counsel submitted that Ponirah had a propensity to
lie, as evinced by her account of her visit to her cousin on the Sunday
morning in July 2004 ([7] _supra_). She also gave inconsistent evidence at the
trial. Although she testified that she worked at the fruit stalls daily from 8
July 2004 until the Arrest Date (except on Mondays when the Stalls were
closed), she also stated that she stayed in the flat without going out for one
week after the visit to the maid agency on 18 September 2004 ([10] _supra_).
It was argued that Ponirah’s explanation as to why she was told to remain in
the flat during that one week – namely, that the appellant was afraid that the
person behind the nuisance calls would ring Ponirah up again – was illogical,
in that if the appellant did not want the maid to receive those telephone
calls, she would not have left the latter in the flat. Most importantly,
Ponirah had, so counsel asserted, “sufficient impetus or motive” to make false
allegations against the appellant. In this respect, it was emphasised that
Ponirah knew she was going to be sent back to Indonesia as the appellant had
applied for a new maid to replace her. Counsel contended that Ponirah’s denial
that she was aware of her repatriation was unconvincing for she had given
evidence that this issue was discussed between the appellant and the maid
agency’s staff, but later “shifted her position” and claimed that she was not
informed of it. Relying on my statement in _Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR
767 at 781, [70] that “[t]he burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely
implicate the appellant is on the [P]rosecution”, counsel further submitted
that the Prosecution had to prove that Ponirah did not have any motive to
frame the appellant in the present case.

18 I found the appellant’s attacks on Ponirah’s credibility as a witness
untenable for several reasons.

19 First, it is settled law that “even if a witness is found to have lied on a
matter, it does not necessarily affect his credibility as a whole” (_Ng Kwee
Leong v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 942 at [15]). As such, the trial judge was entitled
to believe Ponirah even though she might indeed have lied about visiting her
cousin on the Sunday morning in July 2004.

20 Second, while there was on the face of the Notes of Evidence an
inconsistency in Ponirah’s evidence as to whether or not she worked at the
fruit stalls daily from 8 July 2004 up to the Arrest Date, there could well be
a perfectly innocent explanation for this. Ponirah might have meant that she
worked at the fruit stalls daily from 8 July 2004 to the Arrest Date except
for the one week in September 2004 during which she remained in the flat
without going out as instructed. Since neither the Prosecution nor the Defence
asked Ponirah to clarify her evidence on this point at the trial, it would be
unfair to impugn her credibility as a witness on this basis alone, especially
when the rest of her testimony was, as the trial judge rightly observed, clear
and unequivocal. Similarly, I was of the view that the apparent incongruity of
Ponirah’s explanation as to why she was told to stay in the flat for that one
week without going out did not impinge on her credibility because the Defence
did not put it to her during cross-examination that her explanation, given its
seeming illogicality, must have been false.

21 Third, there was no sound basis for the contention that Ponirah had reasons
for wanting to frame the appellant and was thus an unreliable witness. There
was insufficient evidence to support the appellant’s stance that Ponirah was
told of her impending repatriation at the maid agency on 18 September 2004.
The fact that the appellant had obtained in-principle approval to employ a
replacement maid ([8] _supra_) was neutral as it did not give rise to any
inference that Ponirah would therefore have known that she would be sent back
to Indonesia. DW2’s insistence during cross-examination that Ponirah was aware
of this matter carried no weight as DW2 was not present at the maid agency at
the material time and was merely told by the appellant about the events which
allegedly took place there. I also noted that contrary to counsel’s argument
([17] _supra_), it was clear from the Notes of Evidence that Ponirah never
said that her repatriation was discussed between the appellant and the maid
agency’s boss on 18 September 2004.

22 Fourth, even if Ponirah knew that she was going to be sent home, this did
not entail that she would therefore have wanted to falsely implicate the
appellant, with whom she appeared to have a good working relationship. It was
telling that at the trial, Ponirah described the appellant as “a very nice
person” who often bought her phone cards so that she could call her family in
Indonesia. The maid also said that her workload during her employment with the
appellant was “not too heavy”.

23 Since the Defence did not adduce sufficient evidence of Ponirah’s alleged
motive to frame the appellant, it was unnecessary for the Prosecution to prove
a lack of such motive in the present case. With respect, counsel appeared to
have misunderstood the statement in _Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP_ ([17] _supra_ at
781, [70]). As I clarified in _Goh Han Heng v PP_ [2003] 4 SLR 374 at [33],
the passage in _Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP_ from which that statement was lifted
simply means that:

[W]here the accused can show that the complainant has a motive to false
implicate him, then the burden must fall on the Prosecution to disprove that
motive. This does not mean that the accused merely needs to allege that the
complainant had a motive to falsely implicate him. Instead, _the accused must
adduce sufficient evidence of this motive so as to raise reasonable doubt in
the Prosecution’s case. Only then would the burden of proof shift to the
Prosecution to prove that there was no such motive._ [emphasis added]

24 Turning to the contention that the trial judge relied unduly on the oral
testimonies of PW1, PW3 and PW4, the weaknesses in this part of the
Prosecution’s evidence were said to be as follows. There were differing
accounts of the length of the surveillance period on the Arrest Date ([11]
_supra_). The 40-minute period alleged by PW1 and PW3 was not reflected in
either the Inspection Report or the Arrest Report. More importantly, none of
the photographs captured Ponirah actually working at the fruit stalls ([3]
_supra_) and no satisfactory explanation for this omission was given. In this
regard, counsel pointed out that PW1 initially said that the MOM officers did
not take any photographs of Ponirah during the surveillance period as that
might have prevented them from spotting other tasks which she was performing,
but later claimed that it was the heavy human traffic at the Hougang market
which made it difficult for them to take photographs while they were observing
the fruit stalls from a distance. PW4’s evidence on this point was likewise
unconvincing in that while he stated that he did not take any photographs of
Ponirah during the surveillance period for fear that the camera’s flash might
alert her and cause her to flee, he also agreed that just one photograph alone
of the maid at work would have been more representative of the offence in
question. Counsel also highlighted that it was unclear from the evidence of
PW1 and PW3 whether Ponirah was working at the fruit stalls on the Arrest Date
_under the appellant’s instructions_ as alleged in the charge.

25 I was of the view that the above weaknesses in the testimonies given by
PW1, PW3 and PW4 were apparent rather than real.

26 For one, there was no contradiction between the evidence given by PW1 and
PW3 on one hand and that given by PW4 on the other hand as to the duration of
the surveillance period on the Arrest Date. PW4 did not positively assert that
the MOM officers observed the fruit stalls for only 15 minutes. He merely
suggested 15 minutes as an estimate as that was the time usually taken and he
could not recall how long the surveillance lasted in this particular case.

27 Second, counsel was wrong to say that the 40-minute duration stated by PW1
and PW3 was not reflected in the Inspection Report. According to that Report,
the MOM officers had a briefing from 7.20am to 7.40am on the Arrest Date
before proceeding to observe the fruit stalls. PW3 explained that since the
briefing ended at 7.40am, it would have been about 8.00am by the time the MOM
officers took up their positions at the Hougang market. Thus, approximately 40
minutes passed before the inspection started – _ie_ , before the MOM officers
moved in for a detailed inspection of the fruit stalls ([3] _supra_) – at
8.40am as recorded in the Inspection Report.

28 Third, there was nothing suspicious about the dearth of photographs showing
Ponirah at work at the fruit stalls. The reasons given by PW1 and PW4 as to
why there were no such photographs were plausible. PW1’s initial explanation
(namely, that the MOM officers might have missed noticing other tasks carried
out by Ponirah if they had tried to take photographs while observing her at
work) was not inconsistent with his later statement that the heavy human
traffic at the Hougang market prevented them from taking photographs. It might
well have been a combination of both factors which made the MOM officers
decide not to take any photographs of Ponirah during the surveillance period.
Similarly, although PW4 conceded that a single photograph of Ponirah actually
working at the fruit stalls would have been more valuable evidence than all
the photographs in fact taken, this did not impinge on his reasons for not
taking any photographs of the maid during the surveillance period. PW4 might
have decided that the risk of Ponirah being alerted and fleeing if photographs
were taken outweighed the potential benefits of having such photographs. In
any event, as the trial judge rightly held, the absence of photographs showing
Ponirah at work at the fruit stalls did not weaken the Prosecution’s case
since there was first-hand evidence from PW1 and PW3 of Ponirah’s activities
there on the Arrest Date.

29 Fourth, the fact that PW1 and PW3 were uncertain whether Ponirah had been
instructed by the appellant to work at the fruit stalls on the Arrest Date was
inconsequential. Since Ponirah was found to be a truthful witness at first
instance, the trial judge was entitled to accept her evidence that the
appellant had instructed her to work at the fruit stalls from October 2002
onwards and had taught her what she had to do there.

30 In light of the above considerations, I found no merit in the appellant’s
contention that the trial judge was wrong to accept the Prosecution’s evidence
in lieu of the Defence’s evidence.

**_The trial judge’s reasons for rejecting the appellant’s defence_**

31 The trial judge rejected the two main tenets of the Defence’s case, which
were that:

(a) the appellant made the police report because she feared for her own as
well as her family’s safety ([8] _supra_); and

(b) she brought Ponirah to the fruit stalls daily from 19 September 2004
onwards so as to keep an eye on her ([9] _supra_).

Counsel submitted that the trial judge erred in this respect in that she took
an overly simplistic view of the events preceding Ponirah’s arrest. I was not
at all persuaded by this argument as counsel failed to put forth any specific
reasons as to why the trial judge’s decision to reject the appellant’s defence
was flawed.

32 I was of the view that the police report was rightly dismissed at first
instance as a vain attempt by the appellant to generate evidence for her
defence. As the trial judge astutely pointed out, by the time the police
report was made on 28 September 2004, the nuisance calls had ceased and
Ponirah, having been arrested three days earlier, was no longer at the flat.
As such, the source of the appellant’s concerns for her own and her family’s
safety had been removed. At the trial, when asked to explain why she had
waited till 28 September 2004 before lodging the police report given that she
started receiving the nuisance calls much earlier, the appellant said that it
was because:

The more I thought of it, the more fearful I was. Felt it was not right.

Tellingly, the appellant’s alleged fears were not reflected in the police
report. That document simply stated that the appellant was reporting the
nuisance calls to the police “for [her] self-references and for future actions
against the nuisance calls”. The appellant attributed the absence of any
mention of her alleged fears in the police report to her illiteracy in
English. She claimed that she did not really understand the police report even
though it had been read back to her. Like the trial judge, I found this
explanation incredible. If the appellant had truly lodged the police report
because she was worried about her own and her family’s safety, she would
logically have been careful to ensure that this specific issue was put on
record and could not possibly have accepted a police report which did not
incorporate this point.

33 I likewise concurred with the trial judge that the Defence’s case that
Ponirah was at the fruit stalls on the Arrest Date because the appellant had
brought her there to keep an eye on her was unbelievable. According to the
appellant, she was so frightened after hearing Ponirah’s threat at the maid
agency on 18 September 2004 that she felt she had no choice but to bring the
maid to the fruit stalls to keep watch on her. In view of this, it was
incongruous that while Ponirah was at the fruit stalls, she was allowed to
remain at the back of the stalls out of the appellant’s sight. The appellant
claimed that she would check on Ponirah every five to 15 minutes when she went
to the back of the fruit stalls to get fruits. This was, however, neither a
practical nor an effective way to keep an eye on the maid. As the trial judge
rightly pointed out, since the appellant was, according to the Defence,
extremely worried about what mischief Ponirah might get up to, it would have
made much more sense for the appellant to either repatriate the maid at once,
report her to the police, or leave her at the maid agency. In light of the
trial judge’s sound and detailed reasons for rejecting the appellant’s
explanation for Ponirah’s presence at the fruit stalls on the Arrest Date, I
found no merit in counsel’s criticisms of this aspect of her judgment.

**_The finding that Ponirah had been working at the fruit stalls regularly_**

34 At first instance, it was held that Ponirah’s familiarity with the
activities at the fruit stalls indicated that she must have worked there
regularly prior to her arrest ([13] _supra_). Counsel took issue with this
finding and suggested an alternative explanation for the maid’s knowledge of
these matters. Ponirah, it was pointed out, had worked for the appellant for
more than two years as at the Arrest Date. During that period, Ponirah went to
the Hougang market every Sunday (as opposed to three times a week as the maid
stated: [5] _supra_) to buy food and vegetables for the appellant’s family. On
these occasions, she passed by the fruit stalls and had the chance to observe
the items sold there, the way in which they were displayed and the members of
the appellant’s family who assisted with the business. On some of the Sundays
preceding Special Mondays, Ponirah had also seen prayer cakes being laid out
for sale. She had asked the appellant what the cakes were for, which was how
she came to know that they were sold on Special Mondays.

35 Although counsel’s alternative hypothesis was plausible, it did not account
satisfactorily for the competency which Ponirah was seen to display as she
went about her tasks at the fruit stalls on the Arrest Date. I noted that PW3,
when asked whether Ponirah seemed lost or uncertain as to what to do, replied
that she appeared “confident in doing her job”. In my view, Ponirah would not
have been able to arrange the fruits on her own as assuredly as she did on the
Arrest Date if she had merely observed how the fruits were displayed at the
fruit stalls once a week for the preceding two years without having a
substantial amount of actual hands-on experience. The trial judge was thus
entitled to rely on the maid’s familiarity with the routine and her duties at
the fruit stalls to conclude that she had worked there for the period stated
in the charge.

**_The lack of evidence supporting Ponirah’s testimony_**

36 Turning to the issue of supporting evidence for Ponirah’s account of her
work at the fruit stalls from October 2002 onwards, the testimonies given by
PW1 and PW3 at the trial bore out the maid’s claim that she had been working
there on the Arrest Date itself. There was, however, as counsel highlighted,
no supporting evidence for the period _prior to_ the Arrest Date.

37 I felt that the absence of such supporting evidence did not render the
trial judge’s finding of guilt unsound in this case. While the trial court
must be “extremely cautious” in convicting an accused based solely on a
complainant’s allegations (_Kwan Peng Hong v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 96 at [29]), the
court may rely on the evidence of one witness alone provided it is aware of
the dangers of doing so and subjects the evidence to close scrutiny before
convicting the accused: _Low Lin Lin v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 14 at [49]; _Yeo Eng
Siang v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 409 at [25].

38 In the present case, the trial judge did scrutinise Ponirah’s testimony
with the requisite degree of care. For instance, in assessing Ponirah’s
credibility as a witness, she noted the possibility that the maid might have
lied about visiting her cousin on the Sunday morning in July 2004 ([7]
_supra_). She also tested Ponirah’s claim that she was working at the fruit
stalls on the Arrest Date against the appellant’s explanation for the maid’s
presence there on that day ([9] _supra_). In these circumstances, the trial
judge’s finding that Ponirah did work at the fruit stalls for the _entire_
period stated in the charge was unimpeachable even though there was no
evidence, apart from Ponirah’s own testimony, which supported the
Prosecution’s case for the period prior to the Arrest Date.

39 To summarise, I found that the appellant had not discharged the onus of
showing that the trial judge’s decision was plainly wrong or against the
weight of the evidence. I thus dismissed the appeal against conviction.

**The appeal against sentence**

40 Turning to the appeal against sentence, it is established law that an
appellate court will not interfere with the sentence imposed at first instance
unless the trial court has (a) made a wrong decision as to the proper basis
for sentence, (b) erred in appreciating the materials placed before it, (c)
passed a sentence which is wrong in principle, or (d) imposed a sentence which
is manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate: _Arts Niche Cyber
Distribution Pte Ltd v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 111 at [54].

41 None of the above factors were present in this appeal. Contrary to
counsel’s submission, the trial judge did not place undue emphasis on the
appellant’s previous conviction in 1975 of the offence under s 56(1)(_e_) of
the Immigration Act. She merely cited that conviction as an indication that
the appellant was not ignorant of the laws relating to the employment of
foreign workers. The trial judge was also right to take into consideration the
appellant’s repeated allegations that PW1 and PW3 lied while testifying in
court. As I cautioned in _Lewis Christine v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 165 at [38]:

While accused persons are free to prove their innocence, ... this does not
translate to a liberty to blatantly besmirch the repute of prosecution
witnesses behind the shield of privilege in judicial proceedings.

42 The fine of $4,000 imposed at first instance was not manifestly excessive
either. Section 22(2) of the Act states that the maximum penalty for the
offence under s 5(3) is a fine not exceeding $5,000. In _PP v Fun Shee Pin_
Ministry of Manpower Summons No 759 of 2005 (21 June 2005) (unreported) where
this offence was committed over a period of two years and three months, the
accused was fined $5,000; and in _PP v Goh Khah Gek_ Ministry of Manpower
Summons No 453 of 2005 (12 April 2005) (unreported) where the offence took
place for some two years and seven months, the accused was fined $4,000. In
view of these precedents, the fine imposed on the appellant for employing
Ponirah at the fruit stalls for just under two years, although slightly on the
high side, was not excessively high.

**Conclusion**

43 In summary, the appellant failed to satisfy me that the trial judge’s
finding of guilty was plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence;
neither did she advance any sound reasons as to why her sentence should be
reduced. Accordingly, I dismissed her appeal against both conviction and
sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

