Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chee Siok Chin v Attorney-General  
[2006] SGHC 112

Case Number | : | OS 1017/2006, SUM 2419/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (M Ravi & Co) for the plaintiff; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck and Leong Kwang Ian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Chee Siok Chin — Attorney-General   
  
Elections – Petition – Procedure and practice – Plaintiff applying for results
of general election to be declared void – Plaintiff failing to pay required
security for costs within required time – Whether timelines and requirements
under r 13 Parliamentary Elections (Application for Avoidance of Election)
Rules mandatory – Section 90, Fourth Schedule r 13 Parliamentary Elections Act
(Cap 218, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

22 June 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff had applied (pursuant to the Parliamentary Elections Act (Cap
218, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), specifically, s 90 thereof) for the following
orders on 24 May 2006 (by way of Originating Summons No 1017 of 2006, naming
the Attorney-General as the defendant):

(a) that the results of the General Elections 2006 be declared null and void;

(b) that the ban on podcasting during the period of the General Elections 2006
be declared unconstitutional; and

(c) such other relief and/or remedies as the court deems fit.

2 The plaintiff was, in fact, a member of the team from the Singapore
Democratic Party which unsuccessfully contested the Group Representation
Constituency of Sembawang during the General Elections held on 6 May 2006,
although it is not altogether clear in what capacity she made her application
pursuant to the Act (_cf_ generally s 93 of the Act). In any event, this is
not an issue in the present proceedings.

3 In the present proceedings, the defendant applied, pursuant to r 13(4) of
the Parliamentary Elections (Application for Avoidance of Election) Rules
(which are located at the Fourth Schedule to the Act and are hereafter
referred to as the “PER”), for the following orders:

(1) That the Plaintiff’s application under the Parliamentary Elections Act
[referred to at [1] above] be dismissed.

(2) That the Plaintiff pay the Defendant’s costs of this application
forthwith.

4 The basis for the application in the present proceedings (which was filed on
31 May 2006) is that the plaintiff had failed to comply with r 13 of the PER –
in particular, r 13(1). The rule itself reads as follows:

**Security by plaintiff for cost, etc., of application under section 90**

**13.** —(1) At the time of the filing of the application under section 90, or
within 3 days afterwards, security for the payment of all costs, charges and
expenses that may become payable by the plaintiff shall be given on behalf of
the plaintiff.

(2) The security shall be to an amount of not less than $5,000. If the number
of charges in any application exceeds 3, additional security to an amount of
$2,500 shall be given in respect of each charge in excess of the first 3.

(3) The security required by this rule shall be given by a deposit of money.

(4) If security required by this rule to be provided is not given by the
plaintiff, no further proceedings shall be had on the application under
section 90, and the defendant may apply by summons to the Judge for an order
directing the dismissal of the application under section 90 and for the
payment of the defendant’s costs.

(5) The costs of hearing and deciding the defendant’s application under
paragraph (4) shall be paid as ordered by the Judge, and in default of such
order shall form part of the general costs of the application under section
90.

5 The central thrust of the defendant’s application in the present proceedings
is simple: The plaintiff had clearly failed to comply with the requirements of
r 13, in particular r 13(1). She had in fact sought to remedy this by
attempting to furnish security for costs after the timelines stipulated in r
13(1). However, so the defendant’s argument went, the timelines were strict,
indeed mandatory. Hence, it (the defendant) was entitled (pursuant to the
express language of r 13(4)) to take out the present application for an order
directing the dismissal of the plaintiff’s application under s 90 of the Act
and for the payment of its costs.

6 I now proceed to deal with the various issues raised by the parties.

**Chambers or open court?**

7 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr M Ravi, argued strenuously that these
proceedings ought not to be heard in chambers, but, rather, in open court. The
main plank of his argument was that it was in the public interest that such
proceedings be heard in open court. He also sought to argue for a more
_general_ rule to this effect. I have no hesitation in rejecting this last-
mentioned argument. There can be no universal or all-encompassing rule to this
effect. The facts and context of each set of proceedings will differ from case
to case and the procedure in this regard cannot therefore be writ in stone.
Indeed, the presumption in proceedings such as those in the present case is
for a hearing in chambers unless special reasons can be shown.

8 Nevertheless, in view of the close linkage between this particular
application and the plaintiff’s substantive application (the latter of which
is in fact scheduled to be heard in open court), I ruled that there was a
sufficient public interest element to justify holding the hearing of these
proceedings in open court. But this, as I have mentioned, sets no precedent
for the future. Nor, as I have mentioned, is it wise to even attempt to set
such a precedent.

**The scope of the present application**

9 The present application was, as I have already mentioned, premised on an
alleged contravention of r 13. However, when the defendant submitted its
skeletal submissions, it referred to a whole host of other alleged incurable
non-compliances with the PER in so far as the present proceedings were
concerned. In summary, these included the following arguments:

(a) that the plaintiff, in citing the Attorney-General as the defendant, had
in fact named the wrong defendant (and citing the Malaysian High Court
decisions of _Ramely bin Mansor v Suruhanjaya Pilihanraya Malaysia_ [2000] 2
MLJ 500 and _Dr Lee Chong Meng v Abdul Rahman bin Hj Abdullah, Returning
Officer_ [2000] 6 MLJ 98);

(b) that there had been a failure on the part of the plaintiff to state (in
her affidavit supporting her application under s 90 of the Act) her right to
apply within s 93 of the Act – a requirement set out under r 5(1)(_a_) of the
PER;

(c) that there had been a failure on the part of the plaintiff to state (in
her affidavit supporting her application under s 90 of the Act) the holding
and result of the election – a requirement set out under r 5(1)(_b_) of the
PER;

(d) that there had been a failure on the part of the plaintiff to state (in
her affidavit) the grounds upon which she was relying to sustain the relief
sought (which grounds are set in ss 90(_a_) to 90(_e_) of the Act) – a
requirement set out under r 5(1)(_b_) (and citing the Malaysian High Court
decision of _Norbert Choong Kai Chong v Mohamed Idris bin Haji Ibrahim_ [1980]
1 MLJ 316 (“the _Norbert Choong_ case”));

(e) that there had been a failure on the part of the plaintiff to state (in
her affidavit) the relief sought – a requirement apparently raised by virtue
of r 5(4) of the PER.

10 It is immediately apparent that the arguments set out above – in particular
the first – are substantive arguments in their own right (this is accentuated
by the fact that the relevant case law was also invoked, as noted above). The
problem, as I perceived it, was that it would have been unfair to have allowed
the defendant to rely upon them in the present proceedings without more. Let
me elaborate.

11 In the first instance, the present application was made pursuant to r 13(4)
of the PER. It was a specific application focusing on non-compliance with a
particular provision requiring that the plaintiff provide security for costs.
In order, therefore, for the defendant to rely on the _other_ arguments just
referred to, it was incumbent on it to apply for an amendment of the present
application to include these arguments. Counsel for the defendant, Mr Jeffrey
Chan Wah Teck, immediately pointed to the potential pitfall in adopting such
an approach. There was, he argued, a risk of mixing the applications inasmuch
as an application under r 13(4) would (if successful) result in a dismissal of
the plaintiff’s substantive application, whereas if the other grounds were
successfully established, this would result in the plaintiff’s substantive
application being rendered a nullity for non-compliance.

12 I did point out, however, that yet another alternative approach which
avoided the pitfall just mentioned would be for the defendant to take out a
separate application focusing on the other arguments from non-compliance. Both
the present as well as the new application could then be heard together.

13 I also pause to note that Mr Ravi was not averse to having the other
grounds being heard by this court as well, provided that he was given a short
adjournment.

14 In the event, Mr Chan decided on a third option – which was to proceed with
the present application pursuant to r 13(4), leaving argument with regard to
the other grounds for another occasion, if necessary. However, he did point
out that it was incumbent on him to raise these other grounds in the present
proceedings, if for no other reason than to emphasise that the defendant was
not, in any way, waiving its rights to raising these grounds in a separate
application in the future.

15 I turn now, briefly, to the second reason why it would have been unfair to
have allowed the defendant to rely on the other arguments without more. As the
present application was made pursuant to r 13(4), it was not surprising that
both the plaintiff as well as Mr Ravi expressed surprise on viewing the
arguments in the defendant’s skeletal submissions. In the circumstances, they
were obviously unprepared to meet these other arguments. One natural solution
would have been to have granted them additional time for preparation, provided
the potential procedural difficulties could be ironed out. As it turned out
(see the preceding paragraph), this course of action is now unnecessary.
Suffice it to state that after some discussion, we were back where the
original application in fact indicated we should be – focusing on the sole
issue centring on the effect of the plaintiff’s non-compliance with r 13.

16 I turn now to the respective arguments for the parties in so far as this
particular issue is concerned, commencing with the arguments by counsel for
the defendant.

**The defendant’s arguments**

**_Introduction_**

17**** Mr Chan presented a number of arguments on behalf of the defendant, who
was of course the applicant in the present proceedings. These arguments fell,
in my view, within two broad categories, which I shall adopt for ease of
analysis. The first may be classified as “Precedent” – in other words, the
case law that (in Mr Chan’s view) supported the defendant’s application.

18 The second broad category may, in my view, be classified under the rubric
of “General principle”. The arguments within this category, whilst
constituting substantive arguments in their own right, can also be considered
simultaneously as constituting the underlying rationale or spirit behind the
case for the defendant itself. In this regard, I hasten to point out that many
of the arguments in this particular category overlap with and indeed
constitute the underlying rationale or spirit behind many of the decisions
considered in the first category. So there ought to be no rigid dichotomy as
such. The categories I adopt are, as I have mentioned, primarily for the
purposes of convenience as well as efficiency of analysis more than anything
else.

19 Mr Chan pointed out, at a very preliminary stage of his arguments, that as
the plaintiff’s application was, _inter alia_ , for a declaration to declare
the results of an election as being null and void, it could only have been
brought under s 90 of the Act. In the circumstances, therefore, if the
defendant’s present application was successful, and r 13 was found to be a
mandatory requirement for a s 90 application**,** the plaintiff’s application
in Originating Summons No 1017 of 2006 would fail in its entirety. Mr Ravi did
not, correctly in my view, disagree with this interpretation.

20 More importantly, Mr Chan also pointed out that the role of an Election
Judge was rather more limited than that of a judge exercising his jurisdiction
to adjudicate civil disputes. He referred, in particular, to the Malaysian
High Court decision of _Dr Shafie bin Abu Bakar v Pegawai Pengurus Pilihan
Raya N 26 Bangi (No 2)_ [2005] 2 MLJ 149 (“the _Dr Shafie_ case”), where VT
Singham J observed thus (at [23]):

The jurisdiction of the election judge to hear election petition is a creature
of statute and judges are especially bound to keep themselves strictly within
the letter of the Acts, and to abstain from any attempt to strain the law. For
this reason the statutory requirements of election law must be strictly
observed.

21 Indeed, this is only one of the latest cases which emphasises the points
embodied in the above-mentioned quotation, and whose genesis goes back much
further (see, for example, _per_ Raja Azlan Shah J (as His Excellency then
was) in _Tengku Korish v Mohamed bin Jusoh_ [1970] 1 MLJ 6).

22 In the Indian Supreme Court decision of _Jyoti Basu v Debi Ghosal_ AIR 1982
SC 983, Chinnappa Reddy J observed (in a similar vein) thus (at [8]):

A right to elect, fundamental though it is to democracy, is, anomalously
enough, neither a fundamental right nor a Common Law Right. _It is pure and
simple, a statutory right._ _So is the right to be elected. So is the right to
dispute an election. Outside of statute, there is no right to elect, no right
to be elected and no right to dispute an election. Statutory creations they
are, and therefore, subject to statutory limitation. An election petition is
not an action at Common Law, nor in equity. It is a statutory proceeding to
which neither the common law nor the principles of equity apply but only those
rules which the statute makes and applies. It is a special jurisdiction, and a
special jurisdiction has always to be exercised in accordance with the statute
creating it. Concepts familiar to Common Law and Equity must remain strangers
to Election Law unless statutorily embodied. A Court has no right to resort to
them on considerations of alleged policy because policy in such matters, as
those, relating to the trial of election disputes, is what the statute lays
down. In the trial of election disputes, Court is put in a straight jacket._
[emphasis added]

23 The general approach that ought to be adopted in election proceedings as
embodied in the above quotations is, indeed, firmly etched in the legal
landscape, and I will bear it in mind for the purpose of the present
proceedings.

**_Precedent_**

24 Not surprisingly, perhaps, Mr Chan’s focus in this particular regard was on
the relevant _Malaysian_ decisions – not least because virtually every
relevant decision from this jurisdiction supported (either to a greater or
lesser extent) his case. He was, in fact, at pains to point out from the
outset of arguments that the relevant Malaysian elections laws not only had
the same paternity as, but were also almost identical to, the relevant
Singapore election laws. In the circumstances, so he argued, Malaysian
decisions were persuasive and ought to be followed.

25 The _central precedent_ relied upon by Mr Chan was the Malaysian High Court
decision of _Chong Thain Vun v Watson_ [1968] 1 MLJ 65(“the _Chong Thain Vun_
case”), where Lee Hun Hoe J (as he then was) held, in no uncertain terms, that
a failure to comply with the Malaysian equivalent of our r 13 would result in
the dismissal of an application to declare an election void as this rule was a
mandatory one. In that case, motions had been taken out by the respondents to
set aside three election petitions. One common ground relied upon by the
respondents _vis-à-vis_ all three petitions was that the notice of the filing
of the petitions had not been served on them within the timeframe stipulated
by the equivalent of r 16 of our PER. Another common ground relied upon by the
respondents _vis-à-vis_ two of the petitions was that the petitioner in each
case had failed to comply with the equivalent of r 13 of our PER. This is of
course the holding which Mr Chan was primarily concerned with. In so far as
the former ground was concerned, Lee J, following the Malaysian Privy Council
decision of _Devan Nair v Yong Kuan Teik_ [1967] 1 MLJ 261; [1967] 2 AC 31
(“the _Devan Nair_ case”), held that the equivalent of our r 16 was mandatory
– a proposition that was, not surprisingly, in these circumstances and in the
face of the authority of the Board, conceded by counsel for the petitioners,
Dato’ David Marshall. Notwithstanding counsel for the petitioners’ argument
that his clients had done all that was reasonably possible to comply with the
rule, the learned judge held (at 71) that “[s]trict compliance with the rules
is necessary as [the rule] is mandatory” and that therefore the respondents
were entitled to succeed on the motion on this ground. Two observations may be
appropriate at this juncture.

26 The first is that the _Devan Nair_ case has been applied in many decisions
since, notably, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Re Telok Blangah
Election_ [1980–1981] SLR 509. Indeed, the holding in the _Devan Nair_ case
with regard to the legal status of the specific rule in question (r 16 of our
PER) has stood the test of time and cannot now be seriously controverted.

27 Secondly, the specific holding just referred to is not only consistent with
the language and spirit of the particular rule itself but also illustrates the
important point that if a rule in the PER is held to be _mandatory_ , then
there is no real room for manoeuvre or flexibility, even if the sympathy of
all concerned is with the party who had failed to comply with the rule itself.
This is an important general point of principle, to which I shall therefore
have occasion to return later in this judgment.

28 Returning to the _Chong Thain Vun_ case, in so far as the latter ground was
concerned (centring on the non-compliance with the equivalent of r 13 of our
PER), Lee J held that, having regard to his holding with regard to the first
ground, “it would be unnecessary to go into the question of insufficiency of
security” (at 73). Nevertheless, the learned judge proceeded immediately to
observe thus (_ibid_):

However as the matter is of some importance and out of respect to the
arguments so ably put by counsel I think I should deal with it.

29 I hasten to add that it was fortunate (particularly in the context of the
subject matter of the present proceedings and for courts in future cases
generally) that the learned judge did in fact delve into this particular issue
in greater detail. He observed thus (_ibid_):

Non compliance with this rule may result in the dismissal of the petition
depending upon the respondent’s action. The object of this rule is clearly to
see that a petitioner provides adequate security for costs. _In my opinion
rule 12_ [the equivalent of r 13 of our PER] _is clearly mandatory._ [emphasis
added]

30 Lee J’s observations on this point gave rise, in my view, to the further
question of why adequate security for costs was itself stipulated to be
necessary under r 13. When posed with this particular question, Mr Chan
responded by stating that there were two _specific_ purposes underlying _r 13_
itself. The first was to ensure that the plaintiff’s action was not frivolous
or vexatious. The second was to protect the defendant (in the event that he or
she was successful) in so far as costs of defending the application under s 90
was concerned, since the action had been initiated by the other party in the
first instance. But, as I shall point out below, there is an even more
important reason – which goes to the very core of a _defendant’s_ rights in
the context of an application to declare an election void (see [75] below).

31 In the _Chong Thain Vun_ case, Lee J also observed (at 74) that the
equivalent of our r 13(4):

… gives the court power to make an order of dismissal. It was said that the
power is discretionary. As I read the rule it seems that the power arises only
on the application of a respondent _and the court must then exercise that
power_. _It is up to a respondent whether to apply for such an order or not._
[emphasis added]

32 The learned judge then proceeded to deal with an important point that also
arises in the present proceedings – the position of the plaintiff or applicant
under s 90 in the context of his or her position as a layperson. In this
regard, Lee J set out the following very helpful observations (_ibid_), as
follows:

_Peremptory language is used by the rules and it behoves a petitioner to study
the rules carefully so that every provision is complied with._ For example, a
petitioner brings ten charges against a respondent and pays $500 as security
when he should pay $2,250 in all. Should the court allow such a petitioner to
elect three charges out of the ten on a motion for dismissal? I think not. If
a petitioner knows that he would be allowed to make an election he would every
time present a petition by trumping up as many charges as possible and later
electing three on a motion for dismissal. Also it would throw open the door to
abusing the rule which clearly provides that “no further proceedings shall be
had on the petition.” The court must therefore make it clear that there shall
be no question of election. It is not a question of dismissing those charges a
petitioner chooses to discard but the dismissal of the petition that rule
12(3) speaks of. The early determination of such matter can only be achieved
if it is final _. If there is a breach of the provision of this rule, it makes
no difference whether the petitioner has misinterpreted or misunderstood it he
must take the risk. The respondent is entitled to take advantage of a
petitioner’s faults. The provisions of this rule must be strictly complied
with._

_It was said that not all petitioners are rich and may require more time to
find the requisite security. The remedy for this lies elsewhere. The court has
no power to grant exemption from payment of security or to enlarge time._

[emphasis added]

33 The _Chong Thain Vun_ case was (in so far as the specific issue of security
for costs is concerned) followed in the Malaysian High Court decision of the
_Norbert Choong_ case ([9] _supra_) and, most recently, in the (also)
Malaysian High Court decision of _Charlee Soh Cheng Hiong v Pengerusi Pilihan
Raya Negeri Sarawak_ [2002] 261 MLJU 1 (“the _Charlee Soh_ case”).

34 In so far as the _Charlee Soh_ case is concerned, the following
observations by Clement Skinner J are particularly apposite and merit
quotation in full (and which ought, in the main, to be read together with the
observations of Lee J in the _Chong Thain Vun_ case quoted at [32] above):

Mr. Soh’s explanation for failing to [furnish the requisite security for
costs] is that on his enquiry at the registry as to how much he had to pay to
file his petition, he was informed that the filing fees was RM80.00 which he
duly paid. Mr. Soh’s explanation implies that he is not to be blamed for not
having given security for costs as the registry did not inform him about this
requirement of law. It is a matter of some regret that the assistance rendered
to Mr. Soh by the court registry in informing him of the amount of filing fees
payable should now be used by him as an excuse for not having given security
for costs. I regret that I must reject any attempt by him to blame the
registry. _In the first place, it is incumbent on Mr. Soh as a person who
wishes to avail himself to the right to challenge the result of an election to
acquaint himself with the relevant provisions of law which gives him that
right to do so because that right being a ‘special kind of right’, must be
subject to the ‘limitations imposed’ by the statute that creates it. In the
second place, I agree with learned Senior Federal Counsel that ignorance of
the law is no excuse for noncompliance therewith. In the third place, it is
not the function of the court to advise any party on how to go about bringing
a petition and thereafter to prosecute it. The reason the court does not do so
is that it cannot be seen to descend into the arena and take part in the
litigation between the parties._ In the fourth place, Mr. Soh seems to be
confused between paying filing fees for lodging a document in court and giving
security for the payment of all costs, charges, and expenses that may become
payable by him, which are two different things. _As far as the giving of
security for costs on the presentation of an election petition is concerned,
rule 12(1) of the Election Petition Rules are clear and the words used in the
rule are that such security for costs ‘shall be given’._ And rule 12(2) goes
on to provide that the security ‘shall be given’ by a deposit of money of not
less than RM2,000.00 and rule 12(3) goes on to state that if security for
costs is not given by the petitioner, no further proceedings ‘shall be had on
the petition’ and the respondent may apply to the judge for a dismissal of the
petition.

_I have deliberately referred to the provisions of rule 12 in some detail to
show that it uses peremptory language and also stipulates the consequences for
non-compliance therewith – dismissal of the petition on application by the
respondent_ , which all the respondents have applied for now. In Chong Thain
Vun v Watson & Anor. (1968) 1 MLJ 65, this is what Lee Hun Hoe J. (as he then
was) had to say about rule 12 (at pg. 74):

‘Peremptory language is used by the rules and it behoves a petitioner to study
the rules carefully so that every provision is complied with […] If there is a
breach of the provision of this rule, it makes no difference whether the
petitioner has misinterpreted or misunderstood it he must take the risk. The
respondent is entitled to take advantage of a petitioner’s faults. The
provisions of this rule must be strictly complied with.’

_I fully agree_ with what was stated above by his Lordship Lee Hun Hoe J. _Mr.
Soh has so very clearly not complied with the mandatory requirements of rule
12_ and his request to treat the filing fees of RM80.00 as part payment of the
security for costs cannot be entertained as the Election Petition Rules, 1954
do not allow for security for costs to be given in such a manner. _The
petition must be dismissed on this ground alone._

[emphasis added]

35 Mr Chan also relied on certain other Malaysian decisions, albeit for more
_general_ (and, as it turned out, no less important) points which centred on
the public interest as embodied in the policy background to our present
electoral laws. One such decision – and the focus of Mr Chan’s argument in
this particular regard – has already been referred to above. This was the
_Devan Nair_ case. In particular, Mr Chan relied on the following observations
by Lord Upjohn, delivering the judgment of the Board, as follows ([25] _supra_
at 264–265):

The circumstances which weigh heavily with their Lordships in favour of a
mandatory construction are:

(1) _The need in an election petition for a speedy determination of the
controversy_ , a matter already emphasised by their Lordships. The interest of
the public in election petitions was rightly stressed in the Federal Court,
but _it is very much in the interest of the public that the matter should be
speedily determined_.

(2) In contrast, for example, to the Rules of the Supreme Court in this
country, the rules vest no general power in the election judge to extend the
time on the ground of irregularity. Their Lordships think this omission was a
matter of deliberate design. In cases where it was intended that the judge
should have power to amend proceedings or postpone the inquiry it was
expressly conferred upon him, see for example rules 7, 8 and 19.

(3) If there is more than one election petition relating to the same election
or return, they are to be dealt with as one (rule 6). It would be manifestly
inconvenient and against the public interest if by late service in one case
and subsequent delay in those proceedings the hearing of other petitions could
be held up.

(4) Respondents may deliver recriminatory cases (rule 8) and speedy service,
in order that the respondent may know the case against him, is obviously
desirable so that he may collect his evidence as soon as possible.

[emphasis added]

36 Whilst Mr Chan’s emphasis was on the relevant Malaysian decisions, he also
cited a number of English decisions. In this regard, whilst citing two
decisions, Mr Chan focused, in the main, on the first. This is perhaps not
surprising in view of the fact that the second, the English Divisional Court
decision of _Absalom v Gillett_ [1995] 1 WLR 128, was in fact reaffirmed in
the first, that of the English Court of Appeal in _Ahmed v Kennedy_ [2003] 1
WLR 1820. I note, in passing, however, that _Absalom v Gillett_ dealt, _inter
alia_ , with the effects of non-compliance with s 136(3) of the Representation
of the People Act 1983 (c 2) (UK) (“the UK Act”), which provided as follows:

Within the prescribed time after giving the security the petitioner shall
serve on the respondent in the prescribed manner — (_a_) a notice of the
presentation of the petition and of the amount and nature of the security, and
(_b_) a copy of the petition.

In the event, the court held that the above requirement was mandatory and not
merely directory and that non-compliance with it therefore rendered the
petition incompetent. Laws J, who delivered the judgment of the court,
observed (at 138) that “a petition is not competent for the purpose of
obtaining relief whose effect would be to unseat an elected candidate unless
the candidate in question has been made a respondent”. Whilst this court is
not presently concerned with whether the plaintiff breached a mandatory
provision by failing to join the successful electoral candidates as
defendants, Laws J’s comments (albeit made in a specific context) underscore
the more general point I have emphasised above (at [30]) and will return to
below (at [75]), to the effect that an application under s 90 to declare an
election void does impact, in the final analysis, on a successful election
candidate’s rights, which should therefore also be given effect to as far as
is possible.

37 In _Ahmed v Kennedy_ , there had also been a failure to comply with s
136(3) of the UK Act (reproduced above at [36]), read with r 6 of the Election
Petition Rules 1960 (SI 1960/543) (UK) (“1960 Rules”), which reads as follows:

6(1) Within five days after giving the security the petitioner shall serve on
the respondent within the meaning of … section 128(2) of the Act and on the
Director of Public Prosecutions a notice of the presentation of the petition
and of the nature and amount of the security which he has given, together with
a copy of the petition and of the affidavit accompanying any recognisance.

(2) Service shall be effected in the manner in which a claim form is served
and a certificate of service shall be filed as soon as practicable after
service has been effected.

38 The court held that the provisions concerned were mandatory. It should be
noted, however, that the UK Act contains a rule for which there is no apparent
equivalent in the Singapore context. This is r 19(1) of the 1960 Rules, which
reads as follows:

Any period of time prescribed by rules 5, _6_ or 7 shall be computed in
accordance with section 119 of the Act _and shall not be enlarged by order or
otherwise_ , but save as aforesaid rules 2.8 to 2.11 of the Civil Procedure
Rules 1998 shall apply to any period of time prescribed by these Rules as if
it were prescribed by the Civil Procedure Rules. [emphasis added]

39 However, what is significant in the context of the present proceedings is
that, _notwithstanding_ the clear provisions of r 19(1) as reproduced above,
the court in _Ahmed v Kennedy_ nevertheless endorsed decisions such as the
_Devan Nair_ case, _despite_ acknowledging (at [36]) that there was _no
equivalent of_ r 19(1) in those decisions.

**_General principle_**

40 Mr Chan also canvassed several arguments which were premised on general
principle – many of which were (as I have already mentioned) in fact related
to (and even arose out of) the cases he relied on, and which have been
referred to in the preceding part of this judgment.

41 Firstly, he pointed to the fact that every challenge mounted by every
plaintiff must comply with all the timelines laid down in the PER strictly
(including that contained in r 13) in order for there to be the requisite
certainty. This argument, in fact, overlaps completely with the reasoning of
the courts in several cases which have been referred to in the preceding part
of this judgment. In other words, there is the need for the speedy
determination of any controversy concerning election results.

42 Secondly, and in a related vein, he argued that if the timelines laid down
in the PER were not mandatory and extensions of time were (as a consequence)
possible, it would not be possible to draw the line and undesirable
uncertainty would result once more.

43 Thirdly (and, once again, in a related vein), Mr Chan argued that, in any
event, the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) were not applicable. In
response to a possible argument that r 3 of the PER could in fact introduce
the Rules of Court (and, hence, the further possible argument to the effect
that the time under r 13 could be extended), he responded by relying upon O 1
r 2(4) of the Rules of Court**,** which excluded the application of the Rules
of Court in the context of the Act and the PER. On the other hand, and in
order to explain r 3 of the PER, Mr Chan argued that this particular rule
(_ie_ , r 3) referred to the _entire_ Rules of Court which, in turn, stated
(specifically, in O 1 r 2(4)) that the Rules of Court were not applicable,
except in the limited circumstances stated therein (at the right-most column
in O 1 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court themselves: see below at [45]). Indeed,
the precise relationship between O 1 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court on the one
hand and r 3 of the PER on the other is, in my view, far from clear. In the
circumstances, I shall have occasion to return to this relationship once again
– if nothing else, because (as we shall see below) Mr Ravi (not surprisingly)
argued the precise opposite. In particular, he (Mr Ravi) argued that r 3 of
the PER indeed introduces the provisions of the Rules of Court and that,
therefore, the time under r 13 can, and ought to be extended by recourse to O
3 r 4 of the Rules of Court (see [56] below).

44 It would be appropriate at this juncture to set out the relevant
provisions. First, r 3 of the PER reads as follows:

**Application of Rules of Court**

**3.** Subject to the provisions of these Rules and of the Act, the Rules of
Court (Cap. 322, R 5) shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to the
practice and procedure in any proceedings under the Act to which these Rules
relate.

45 Order 1 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court reads as follows:

These Rules shall not apply to proceedings of the kind specified in the first
column of the following Table (being proceedings in respect of which rules may
be made under the written law specified in the second column of that Table),
except for the provisions specified in the third column of that Table:

_Proceedings_ |  _Written Law_ |  _Applicable  
Provisions_  
---|---|---  
3\. Proceedings under  
Part IV of the  
Parliamentary Elections  
Act (Chapter 218). |  Parliamentary Elections Act, s.100. |  Order 63A and  
items 71D to  
71I and 75 of  
Appendix B.  
  
46 Although one particular rule was not in fact canvassed by counsel for
either party, it is, in my view, of at least some relevance. It is in fact O 1
r 2(5) of the Rules of Court and of course follows directly on from O 1 r
2(4), which has been set out in the preceding paragraph. Order 1 r 2(5) itself
reads as follows:

In the case of the proceedings mentioned in paragraph (4), nothing in that
paragraph shall be taken as affecting any provision of any rules (whether made
under the Act or any other written law) by virtue of which these Rules or any
provisions thereof are applied in relation to any of those proceedings.

My analysis of this particular (third) issue is set out in detail below (at
[99]–[109]).

47 Fourthly, Mr Chan, whilst acknowledging that in a “normal” election
petition, the interest of the _defendant_ was clearly important in order to
confirm his or her election in the face of an application by the plaintiff,
emphasised that the _overriding_ interest was that of the _nation or country_
itself. By a “normal” election petition, he meant one that was brought against
the _successful candidate_ in a _particular_ constituency. According to Mr
Chan, the plaintiff’s present application under s 90 of the Act was not
“normal” in so far as: (a) it sought to impugn the _entire_ General Election;
and (b) it was brought against the Attorney-General and not the successful
candidates in question. As regards Mr Chan’s arguments concerning the
overriding national interest in proceedings under s 90 of the Act, there is,
once again, an overlap with the argument from precedent inasmuch as Mr Chan
relied heavily on the observations of Lord Upjohn in the Privy Council
decision in the _Devan Nair_ case (reproduced above at [35]) – especially with
respect to the need for a speedy resolution of the controversy concerned.
Whilst Mr Chan’s emphasis on the public interest is both valid and persuasive,
he does not, in my view, pay sufficient attention to the interests of the
_defendant_ in a “normal” election petition, _ie_ , the successful candidate,
having regard to the specific language and context of the Act and the PER in
general and of r 13 in particular. I shall elaborate upon this later (at
[75]).

48**** I turn, now to the arguments made by Mr Ravi on behalf of the
plaintiff.

**The plaintiff’s arguments**

**_Introduction_**

49 As with the defendant’s arguments, the plaintiff’s arguments could also be
classified under the two broad headings referred to above. This is not
surprising in view of the fact that the parties needed to join issue and, in
particular, in view of the fact that the plaintiff had also to respond to the
arguments made by the defendant.

**_Precedent_**

50 Contrary to the approach adopted by Mr Chan, Mr Ravi argued that this court
was not bound by the Malaysian decisions. This approach was probably due to
the fact, as I have already mentioned, that the weight of Malaysian authority
supported the defendant. Nevertheless, Mr Ravi did draw my attention to one
Malaysian High Court decision which supported the plaintiff. This is the
decision of _Sulaiman v Choong Yoon Chong_ [1957] MLJ 170 (“the _Sulaiman_
case”). In that case, the plaintiff deposited security within the time
specified but made the deposit with the wrong officer. The defendant argued
that the rules on security had not been complied with and therefore applied
for the election petition to be dismissed. According to Smith J (at 171):

Regulation 12(3) [the equivalent of r 13(4) of our PER] does not say that a
petition shall automatically be dismissed if deposit is not made. It enjoins
that no further proceedings shall be had on the petition and that the
respondent may apply for the petition to be dismissed. The action which the
Judge takes is entirely discretionary. In this case I am satisfied that
sufficient security has been given and that there has been such sufficient
compliance with the spirit of the Regulations that it would be inequitable to
refuse the petitioner a hearing of his petition. This application is therefore
refused.

51 Mr Ravi also referred to _wider_ arguments, albeit still in the Malaysian
context. In particular, he argued that Malaysia possessed alternative avenues
by which persons aggrieved in the context of elections could have recourse to.
I did not verify the various avenues referred to by Mr Ravi. I am prepared to
assume that he is correct and hence take his case in this particular regard at
its highest. It followed, so his argument continued, that the Malaysian courts
could afford to adopt a stricter approach towards contravention of the
equivalent of our PER because aggrieved persons had the alternative avenues
just referred to. Although I have refrained thus far from expressing my views
on the arguments tendered before me as I will be dealing with them
holistically below, I make an exception in the present instance as it seems to
me that counsel’s argument is, with the greatest respect, neutral at best and
misconceived at worst.

52 In the first instance, the focus must always be on the statutory language
concerned (here, that to be found in r 13). Surrounding material is useful
only in so far as it assists in throwing light on the provision in its
_specific_ context. To this end, the wider arguments and considerations raised
by Mr Ravi lie beyond the specific context I have just referred to and are
therefore irrelevant to the interpretation of the language and intention of r
13 itself. More to the point, the integrity of the legal process ought not to
be compromised in such an important context as this.

53 Secondly, the wider arguments and considerations raised by Mr Ravi might
actually entail a conclusion _contrary_ to what he has advocated. If, for
example, alternative avenues in fact exist (in the Malaysian context) to
vindicate the rights of an aggrieved person in the context of elections, why
should the courts not adopt a less strict approach? While by no means
conclusive, this is an at least plausible argument that militates directly
against the argument proffered on behalf of the plaintiff by Mr Ravi.

**_General principle_**

54**** Mr Ravi raised several arguments from general principle. This is not
surprising in view of the fact – already noted – that the case law was not
really in the plaintiff’s favour.

55 He argued, firstly, that speedy determination was not an issue as the
plaintiff’s application had already been scheduled to be heard on 27 June
2006.

56 Secondly, he argued – contrary to the approach taken by Mr Chan, and noted
above – that the Rules of Court with respect to the power of the court to
extend time (in particular, O 3 r 4 thereof) applied in favour of the
plaintiff. As I have already alluded to above, this particular issue raises
significant questions of interpretation which I will deal with below (at
[99]–[109]).

57 Thirdly, Mr Ravi argued that the plaintiff had taken reasonable steps to
furnish the requisite security for costs under r 13 and hence ought not to be
penalised. He further argued that strictness in applying the rule should not
descend into harsh rigidity.

**The defendant’s reply**

58**** In reply, Mr Chan responded specifically to some of the arguments
raised by Mr Ravi.

59 He first argued, referring to the judgment of Lee J in the _Chong Thain
Vun_ case ([25] _supra_), that the decision in the _Sulaiman_ case (which Mr
Ravi had relied upon at [50] above) had been all but overruled. I will deal
with this particular argument in more detail below (at [94]–[96]).

60 Secondly, he argued that the extra-legal considerations raised by Mr Ravi
(see [51] above) were legally irrelevant.

61 Thirdly, and referring to the argument by Mr Ravi (at [57] above) to the
effect that the plaintiff had taken reasonable steps to furnish the requisite
security under r 13, Mr Chan argued that this was “only one-half of a clap”,
but that one needed “two hands to clap”. He argued that Mr Ravi had omitted to
refer to what I would (in the spirit of the current expression) refer to as
the other side of the coin or equation. In particular, he (Mr Ravi) had not
referred to the fact that this “other side” entailed considering whether or
not the election officials and/or this court had the _legal power_ in the
first instance to accept or endorse the attempted (late) payment by the
plaintiff.

62 Fourthly, Mr Chan argued that nowhere else do we find words similar to
those found in r 13(4).

63 Finally, Mr Chan emphasised that the relevant election laws are neutral in
nature.

64 I turn now to an analysis and evaluation of the various arguments made by
both Mr Chan and Mr Ravi on behalf of their respective clients, and which I
have set out briefly above.

**Analysis and evaluation**

**_Introduction_**

65 As I have already mentioned, it would be eminently appropriate to utilise
the two broad headings I have adopted above in analysing as well as evaluating
the respective parties’ arguments before arriving at my decision.

**_Precedent_**

66 It is clear that the relevant case law supports the conclusion that r 13 of
the PER is _mandatory_ and that, therefore, a failure to comply with it will
result in the plaintiff’s application being dismissed if the defendant chooses
to apply to this effect pursuant to r 13(4). Indeed, a failure to comply with
r 13 is precisely what happened in the present proceedings.

67 As already noted above, the leading decision was handed down decades ago in
the _Chong Thain Vun_ case ([25] _supra_). What is of added significance is
that that particular decision has more than stood the test of time – right up
to the present (see, in particular, the _Charlee Soh_ case ([33] _supra_)).
The rule relating to the furnishing of security in these decisions was, it
should be further noted, identical to our r 13. However, it is essential, in
my view, not to adopt an excessively legalistic approach and simply rest my
decision on a “peg-hanging basis”. What I mean is this: that while it is
extremely common for lawyers to seek and find “comfort” in a precedent
(preferably “on all fours” with the case at hand), such an approach that
utilises an existing precedent without more as a “peg” to hang one’s decision
on, whilst helpful, ought not to be carried to extremes. Such an approach is
undoubtedly an integral part of the common law process. But that ought not to
be the be all and end all of the matter for, surely, the reasoning and logic
of the precedent concerned must matter as well. Indeed, in the worst-case
scenario, an existing precedent could in fact embody erroneous principles of
law. It is therefore imperative to also examine the reasoning and rationale of
the relevant precedents as well as to decide (whenever possible) the case on
first principles. This is accordingly what I propose to do _vis-à-vis_ r 13.

68 I commence with the finding that the reasoning in the _Chong Thain Vun_
case as well as in the _Charlee Soh_ case is logical and persuasive (see
generally [25]–[34] above). However, I wish to go further. The logical and
fair starting point is to examine the very language of r 13 itself, bearing in
mind the very important caveat pointed out by Mr Chan above (at [20]–[22])
that I ought to confine myself, as far as is possible, to the language and
four corners of the Act and the accompanying PER themselves.

69 Rule 13 has in fact been reproduced in full at [4] above. Of particular
importance is para (1) thereof as it is that specific provision which not only
sets out the general duty of the plaintiff (or someone on behalf of the
plaintiff) to give security but also lays down the timelines concerned**.**
Rule 13(1) reads as follows:

_At the time of the filing of the application_ under section 90, _or within 3
days afterwards_ , security for the payment of all costs, charges and expenses
that may become payable by the plaintiff _shall be given_ on behalf of the
plaintiff. [emphasis added]

The words italicised above are of particular importance. Let me elaborate.

70 One will notice right from the outset at least two important (and related)
points with respect to the _timeframe_ set out under r 13(1).

71 The first is that, on a general level, the timeframe is _very specific_. In
other words, it is not phrased in general terms. More importantly, there is
_no_ exception incorporated into r 13(1) itself, for example, the provision
for an extension of time if the timelines therein are not met. Indeed, the
reference in r 13(1) is to two timelines, not just a single timeline. This is
a point that has, to the best of my knowledge, not been canvassed in any of
the case law. However, it is, as I shall point out in a moment, a significant
point that arises on a plain reading of the provision itself – which is, in
fact, my second point, to which I now turn.

72 Secondly, and as I have just mentioned, there are in fact _two specific
timelines prescribed_ within r 13(1) itself. The first is that security shall
be payable “at the time of the filing of the application”. Presumably, this is
the most efficient scenario envisaged. It also presupposes that the plaintiff,
having taken the time and trouble to file an application under s 90 of the
Act, has also taken the time and trouble to acquaint himself or herself with
_all_ the relevant procedure – including the provision of security as required
under r 13. I pause here to note that such an application is indeed a _very
specific and specialised_ one. It is specific because it relates to a very
special procedure impugning a result in an event that does not take place
every other day, to put it mildly. It is also specific because it is not only
an attempt by the plaintiff to vindicate his or her rights but is also an
attempt (simultaneously) _to impugn and presumably take away the rights of
another party (here, of the successful candidate who would normally be the
defendant to such an application)_. I shall elaborate more on this point below
as well as in the conclusion to this judgment because it goes to the very root
of the concept of rights itself – viewed not merely in the abstract but in a
very real and practical context. It will suffice for the present to reiterate
the fact that, given, _inter alia_ , the very specific and specialised nature
of the context and its concomitant proceedings, there is a clear underlying
assumption that the plaintiff would indeed be prepared, simultaneously with
his or her filing of an application under s 90 of the Act, to furnish the
requisite security pursuant to r 13.

73 _However_ , and this is where _the Legislature_ has in fact _built in_ a
_very limited exception_ which takes the form of _a second (and alternative)
timeline_ , if the plaintiff does _not_ in fact furnish the requisite security
pursuant to r 13 at the time of the filing of the application, then _there is
a further grace period of three days to do so_. This is embodied in no
uncertain terms by the words “ _or_ within 3 days afterwards” [emphasis added]
in r 13(1) itself. This further grace period presumably permits the plaintiff
some extra time to garner the necessary funds. However, given the special
nature of the proceedings and the need (as we have seen above in the relevant
case law) for a speedy determination of the proceedings, it is _an extremely
limited (and, I might add, extremely specific) period of three days – no more,
and no less_. It is nevertheless _an additional_ period that has been
_expressly stipulated in_ r 13(1) itself.

74 It is clear, in my view, that the Legislature, having stipulated _two_
extremely specific timeframes in equally clear language, _intended that these
timeframes be adhered to strictly._ In other words, the general requirement
under r 13 in general and the specific timeframes stipulated in r 13(1) in
particular are _mandatory_. There was no intention to provide for any further
flexibility, nor is any indicated within the express language of r 13(1)
itself.

75 I turn, now, to a related point, which I have in fact already alluded to
above. Once again, this point does not appear to have been canvassed in the
relevant case law although it seems to me to be one that arises clearly not
only on the face of the language of the various provisions of the Act itself
but also from the spirit underlying those various provisions. And that is the
need to be conscious, not only of the plaintiff’s rights, but also of _the
rights or interests_ of the defendant which are _impugned by an application
under s 90 of the Act_. As has already been noted, the present proceedings do
not constitute a “normal” election petition (see [47] above). I do not wish to
state more here since this leads naturally on to issues that are not before me
in the present proceedings, _viz_ , whether or not the plaintiff had filed an
application against the wrong defendant in the present proceedings and whether
or not (as a closely related point) the thrust and spirit of the Act (read in
both logical as well as historical contexts) envisaged applications under s 90
being brought only in relation to the results of specific constituencies, and
not the entire General Election _in toto_. Be that as it may, it cannot, in
point of fact, be denied that the present application is not “normal” inasmuch
as the defendants to s 90 applications are usually the successful candidates
whose seats are being impugned. However, even assuming that the plaintiff was
entitled to file her application in the present proceedings against the
Attorney-General, it was nevertheless undeniable that the rights of all the
elected Members of Parliament in the 2006 General Election (as _de facto_
defendants) were necessarily involved as a result of the plaintiff’s
application. This actually _underscores_ the point I have just made with
respect to viewing the relevant Act and rules from _the perspective of the
rights of the defendant (whether_ de facto _or_ de jure _)__as well_. In other
words, the strict timelines (_inter alia_ , in r 13(1)) represented, in my
view, _the Legislature’s attempt to balance the plaintiff’s and the
defendant’s rights which were_ , ex hypothesi, _in irreconcilable conflict
with each other_. Whilst the Legislature afforded the plaintiff the right to
impugn election proceedings which, if successful, would take away the
defendant’s rights (including the rights of “ _de facto_ defendants” in
proceedings such as the present), because of precisely the nature of the
proceedings as I have just put it, the Legislature imposed strict timelines to
ensure that the plaintiff’s application was mounted seriously and in good
faith. Indeed, in the specific context of r 13 itself, we have seen (at [30]
above) that the purposes for requiring the furnishing of security are _not
only consistent with but also buttress the point made in the preceding
sentence_. It is undoubtedly the case that the _public interest_ ought to be
safeguarded as well. I do not wish to detract, in any way, from this
particular (and extremely important) purpose and rationale – not least because
it has been embodied in authorities as august as that of the Judicial
Committee of the Privy Council (in the _Devan Nair_ case at [35] above).
However, I do need to emphasise that there is an _additional_ reason which is
by no means insignificant and which _also_ contributes to the reason and
rationale for the strict timelines embodied within, _inter alia_ , r 13(1):
_This is to ensure that the defendant candidate’s rights are not disregarded
as the plaintiff asserts his or her rights under the Act and the PER in the
process_. In this regard, the following observations by Singham J in the _Dr
Shafie_ case ([20] _supra_ at [31]) might also be usefully noted:

I am of the view that where it is viewed contemporaneously in the context of
the other provisions of the Act … r 4 of the Election Petition Rules 1954
confirms not only the intention of the legislature to expedite the early
determination of election petition _but also to prevent any injustice on the
defending candidates_ , whose election is being challenged, against unspecific
and unforeseen allegations from irresponsible challengers. [emphasis added]

76 Returning once again to the language of r 13(1) (and another point), one
cannot help but notice that the requirement for the furnishing of security on
behalf of the plaintiff is couched in ostensibly mandatory language. I refer,
in particular, to the phrase “ _shall_ be given” [emphasis added]. However, in
doing so, I must not be taken to be adopting a pedantic approach, much less a
dogmatic one, to the effect that whenever words such as “shall” are used, the
provision concerned must necessarily be mandatory. Everything depends on the
specific language of, as well as the context surrounding, the provision
itself. However, other things being equal, such words do suggest that the
provision concerned is mandatory. I have, in fact, already canvassed not only
the other parts of r 13(1) itself but also the surrounding context as well as
the aims of the Act and the PER themselves, and shall therefore not repeat my
analysis above. In the circumstances, it is clear to me that the word “shall”
in r 13(1) means that this provision is itself mandatory.

77 I turn now to the language of _r 13(4)_ which is, of course, the provision
under which the present proceedings have been brought by the defendant; it
reads as follows:

If security required by this rule to be provided is not given by the
plaintiff, _no further proceedings shall be had_ on the application under
section 90, _and the defendant may apply_ by summons to the Judge _for an
order directing the dismissal of the application under section 90 and_ for the
payment of the defendant’s costs. [emphasis added]

78 Mr Ravi argued, on behalf of the plaintiff, that the words “no further
proceedings shall be had” in r 13(4) are not imperative in nature. Mr Chan, on
behalf of the defendant, argued (not surprisingly) otherwise. If one simply
reads these words alone without more, it could possibly be argued that (from a
strictly literal perspective) it is inconclusive as to whether or not a non-
compliance with r 13 (as was the case here) would _necessarily_ result in a
dismissal of the plaintiff’s application. Here, again, however, I must
emphasise the need to read the language of a provision not only in relation to
the rest of the _language_ in that (as well as related) provision but also in
the context of the general intention of the Legislature in so far as that can
be ascertained. Bearing these general and fundamental guidelines in mind, let
us turn now to a more detailed analysis of r 13(4) itself.

79 I have already referred to Mr Ravi’s argument in the preceding paragraph.
With respect, however, what Mr Ravi failed to refer to were the _remaining
words_ in r 13(4) itself. In particular, whilst the words relied upon by Mr
Ravi (“no further proceedings shall be had”) occur in what I consider the
first limb of r 13(4), one must also have regard to the _second_ limb in that
provision, _and consider both limbs in context_.

80 The second limb referred to in the preceding paragraph relates to the
option on the part of the _defendant_ to “apply by summons to the Judge for an
order directing the dismissal of the application under section 90 and for the
payment of the defendant’s costs”. Indeed, this is precisely what transpired,
thus resulting in the present proceedings. It is important, in my view, to
reiterate that the defendant has the _option or choice_ as to whether or not
to apply for a dismissal of the application for the plaintiff’s non-compliance
with r 13. What happens, then, if the defendant elects not to apply for
dismissal? This question in fact gives us a clue as to why the _first_ limb of
r 13(4) is phrased the way it is. In particular, it is clear that if the
plaintiff has failed to comply with the requirements of r 13, “no further
proceedings shall be had” with respect to his or her application under s 90 of
the Act, _regardless_ of whether or not the defendant decides to apply for the
dismissal of the plaintiff’s application. This seems to me to be an eminently
fair and sensible consequence. _However_ , and this is where the _second_ limb
of r 13(4) comes into play, _if_ the defendant _chooses to exercise_ his or
her right to apply to the court for an order directing the dismissal of the
plaintiff’s application under s 90 of the Act, then the plaintiff’s
application must necessarily be dismissed. To reiterate, if the defendant
chooses not to exercise this option or choice, the _first_ limb of r 13(4)
makes it clear that _the plaintiff cannot nevertheless take advantage of this
by continuing with his or her application under s 90 of the Act_. In other
words, even if the defendant decides not to exercise his or her right to apply
for dismissal under r 13(4), the proceedings initiated by the plaintiff would
nevertheless cease. In my view, the entire structure and scheme of r 13(4) is
eminently logical and fair. Rule 13(4) gives the defendant the right to apply
to have the plaintiff’s application under s 90 of the Act dismissed but if,
for whatever reason, the defendant chooses not to exercise this right, the
plaintiff cannot take advantage of this as “no further proceedings shall be
had” in relation to the plaintiff’s application under s 90 of the Act _in any
event_. This interpretation of r 13(4) in fact _buttresses_ the view that I
have hitherto taken to the effect that r 13 is itself _mandatory_ in nature.
In other words, the non-compliance with r 13 is not one that can be excused –
_not even_ where the defendant himself or herself chooses not to take the
matter to its logical conclusion by formally requesting that the plaintiff’s
application be dismissed.

81 I pause, at this juncture, to note that while a distinction was drawn in
the not too distant past between mandatory and directory provisions, the
modern approach has been to focus on the _relevant legislative intention_
instead. In the words of V K Rajah J in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo; ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp
Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 483 at [24]:

The elusive historical approach of characterising procedural provisions as
either directory or mandatory is largely anachronistic today. The preferred
approach in modern times in determining the validity of an Act is to
understand the purpose of the relevant procedural rule as well as the scope
and intent of the governing statute. This approach does not entail ignoring
the usage of words such as “shall” or “must” in legislation. It suggests that
any _prima facie_ inference raised by such words may be dislodged after taking
into consideration the scope and objectives of the legislation and the
consequences arising from alternative constructions.

82 Indeed, this is precisely the approach that I have adopted in the present
proceedings, and which, incidentally, was also the approach adopted by Lee J
in the _Chong Thain Vun_ case ([25] _supra_ at 73). It might, nevertheless, be
helpful to observe that words such as “mandatory” and “directory” are still
helpful inasmuch as they assist in focusing on the _nature_ of the provision
concerned and (more importantly) on the _consequences_ of non-compliance with
it. However, such words do not, in and of themselves, aid substantively in the
_process_ of ascertaining whether or not the provision concerned is indeed
“mandatory” or “directory”. In this regard, there is no substitute for a close
analysis of the language of the provision itself set in its legislative
context.

83 The approach just suggested also finds some support in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Ahmed v Kennedy_ ([36] _supra_), which was referred to
earlier in this judgment. In that case, Simon Brown LJ, cited (at [29]) Lord
Woolf MR (as he then was) in _Regina v Secretary of State for the Home
Department, Ex parte Jeyeanthan_ [2000] 1 WLR 354 at 362, where he described
the then Master of the Rolls as observing that “[the] dichotomy [between
“directory” and “mandatory” provisions] is ‘only at most a first step’ and
that further questions then arise to help the court decide whether in any
given case non-compliance ought properly to be held fatal so as to oust the
court’s jurisdiction in the matter”. The learned lord justice then reiterated
(_ibid_) the same approach which was endorsed in the preceding paragraph, as
follows:

Rather, however, than spend time circling around the ultimate question, I
propose to address it directly: does this legislation on its true construction
give the court a discretion to waive these petitioners’ timeous non-compliance
or must it be regarded as fatal to their proceedings?

84 Turning now to a separate point, the _historical context_ is, in my view,
also instructive. The (present) Act has its source as far back as 1947: see
the Singapore Legislative Council Elections Ordinance 1947 (No 24 of 1947)
(“the 1947 Ordinance”). In particular, r 13 of the PER (found, it will be
recalled, in the Fourth Schedule of the Act) corresponds to r 12 in the Third
Schedule of the 1947 Ordinance. I pause to note that there were no changes
effected to this rule when the 1947 Ordinance was replaced a few years later
by the Singapore Legislative Assembly Elections Ordinance 1954 (No 26 of 1954)
(“the 1954 Ordinance”)**.**

85 Rule 13(2) of the PER reads as follows:

The security shall be to an amount of not less than _$5,000_. If the number of
charges in any application exceeds 3, additional security to an amount of
_$2,500_ shall be given in respect of each charge in excess of the first 3.
[emphasis added]

86 Rule 12(2) of the Third Schedule of the 1947 Ordinance (and, subsequently,
of the 1954 Ordinance) read as follows:

The security shall be to an amount of not less than _one thousand dollars_. If
the number of charges in any petition shall exceed three, additional security
to an amount of _five hundred dollars_ shall be given in respect of each
charge in excess of the first three. The security required by this rule shall
be given by a deposit of money. [emphasis added]

87 It will be seen that in _almost six decades_ , there has not been an
enormous change in the amount of security required. Indeed, the present
amounts (in the present r 13(2) of the PER) were introduced only in 1982 via
the Parliamentary Elections Petition (Amendment) Rules 1982 (S 313/1982). More
significantly, perhaps, the amounts stipulated in r 12(2) of the Third
Schedule of the 1947 Ordinance were extremely sizable when judged against the
relative exchange rates and value of money at that particular point in time.
Whilst not conclusive, this is an indication that, as originally conceived,
the requirement with respect to security for costs was a seriously intended
one. This, in turn, supports my finding that r 13 of the PER was intended to
be _mandatory_ in nature.

88 I note, also, that the other Malaysian decisions cited by Mr Chan also
buttress my more specific finding with regard to r 13. Let me elaborate.

89 These other decisions related not so much to r 13 but, rather, to the
Malaysian equivalent of r 16 of our PER (see, for example, the _Devan Nair_
case). We have already noted that it has been clearly established in the case
law (including the case just cited) that this particular rule is _mandatory_
in nature.

90 My analysis thus far demonstrates – unequivocally, in my view – that
decisions such as the _Chong Thain Vun_ case do not contain mere assertions
without more but are more than amply justified by an analysis of the language
as well as the context and rationale of r 13. At this juncture, we note, once
again, the overlap between this broad category (entitled “Precedent”) and the
next (entitled “General principle”).

91 I also agree with Mr Chan that the conclusion I have arrived at in the
preceding paragraph is further buttressed, on a more _general_ level, by the
broader considerations set out by Lord Upjohn in the _Devan Nair_ case (at
[35] above) – in particular, the first, which centres on the need for a speedy
determination of the controversy. Mr Ravi sought to meet this particular point
by an argument that was more in the sphere of general principle (see [55]
above). To recapitulate, Mr Ravi argued that there would, in any event, be a
speedy determination of the plaintiff’s application inasmuch as the
plaintiff’s application had already been fixed for hearing on 27 June 2006.
With respect, however, I find this particular argument (whilst seemingly
attractive at first blush) to be flawed for the following reasons.

92 Firstly, if not for the present summons taken out by the defendant under r
13(4), the plaintiff would have continued with her application without
complying with r 13 of the PER. This issue might have then been raised as a
preliminary jurisdictional point at the hearing on 27 June 2006 itself. This
might then have resulted in an adjournment of the substantive hearing. I do
not want to speculate but it would have been very surprising if a delay had
not resulted along the lines I have just stated.

93 Secondly, and more importantly, I find Mr Ravi’s argument rather
disingenuous. There was no guarantee that the substantive hearing would be
fixed as early as it has. The fact that we now know that the hearing has been
fixed early does not necessarily mean that it would have been the case in the
first instance. Hindsight, as the saying goes, is 20/20 vision. In any event,
and even more importantly, the entire point of the matter is that the strict
timelines contained in the PER (including that embodied in r 13) were to
ensure that _no further time whatsoever beyond what was stipulated in the
rules themselves_ was wasted. In other words, a speedy determination of the
controversy is not a “wait-and-see” situation, such as the plaintiff would
have us believe. It is a direct process, if you like, _without the slightest
delay contemplated_. Besides, if one were to accept Mr Ravi’s argument, there
is virtually no hearing that would not satisfy the rationale centring on a
speedy hearing. This would be especially so if one adopted a “wait-and-see”
approach such as that advocated by Mr Ravi, where one would actually utilise
_ex post facto_ rationalisation _after ascertaining what the date of the
substantive hearing_ _would be_ in order to argue that there has been no
delay. Even more pertinently, as Mr Chan (very persuasively, in my view) put
it, if time could be extended, where would one draw the line? What if further
excuses were given by the plaintiff? This is _precisely_ why a speedy
determination in the manner stated by the Privy Council in the _Devan Nair_
case ([25] _supra_) centred on _a strict adherence to the timelines which
will,_ ex hypothesi _, result in the certainty that is crucial in the context
of elections_.

94 I turn now to the precedents proffered on behalf of the _plaintiff_. In
contrast, and as I have already noted earlier in this judgment, Mr Ravi could
muster but one solitary precedent which was in the plaintiff’s favour. This is
of course the decision of the Malaysian High Court in the _Sulaiman_ case
([50] _supra_). This decision was in fact considered by Lee J in the _Chong
Thain Vun_ case ([25] _supra_), and this is what the learned judge had to say
about the case (at 74):

I think I should mention the case of _Sulaiman_ v. _Choong Yoon Chong_. There
the petitioner paid sufficient deposit within the time specified but the
deposit was paid to the registrar of the Supreme Court instead of the proper
officer, that is, the Supervisor of the Town Council Elections. Respondent
applied for the election petition to be dismissed on the ground that no
deposit by way of security for costs had been made as prescribed by the
Election Petition Rules, 1954. Smith, J. thought that the action which the
judge should take was entirely discretionary. He considered that as sufficient
security had been paid and that there had been sufficient compliance with the
spirit of the regulations it would be inequitable to refuse the petitioner a
hearing of his petition. He therefore dismissed the application. _That case
can be distinguished from the two petitions under consideration_. The
Registrar of the Supreme Court is an officer of the court and he made the
mistake of accepting the deposit when he should have directed the petitioner
to make the payment to the proper officer. Although Smith J. did not say so in
so many words his approach seems to suggest that where the mistake was that of
the court, the blame should not fall on the petitioner. _The question of
insufficiency of security did not arise. Also the question of time did not
arise_. Further that case was decided before the decision of the Privy Council
in _Devan Nair_ v. _Yong Kuan Teik_. [emphasis added]

95 As alluded to above, Mr Chan argued that Lee J had _effectively_ overruled
the _Sulaiman_ case, although the learned judge had sought to distinguish this
decision on the two grounds set out in the above quotation. Indeed, Lee J also
referred to the _subsequent_ Privy Council decision in the _Devan Nair_ case,
thus buttressing Mr Chan’s point that Lee J was not really sympathetic to the
decision in the _Sulaiman_ case.

96 Following from my analysis of the language and context of r 13 above (in
particular, of paras (1) and (4) thereof), I do not, with respect, think that
the _Sulaiman_ case ought to be followed. Quite apart from Mr Chan’s point
that it stands alone in the entire jurisprudence of elections law in Malaysia,
I would myself have arrived at the opposite conclusion from my own analysis of
r 13 without more, which analysis I have set out in some detail above. Whilst
I acknowledge that the _Sulaiman_ case dealt (as Lee J alluded to in the
_Chong Thain Vun_ case (see [94] above)) with a different issue, a central
thrust adopted by Smith J in the _Sulaiman_ case (and which was an integral
part of his overall decision) was that the equivalent of r 13 of the PER was
directory rather than mandatory (see at [50] above). To that extent, and for
the reasons I have already set out above, the _Sulaiman_ case is wrong and
ought not to be followed.

**_General principle_**

97 I turn now to the various arguments from general principle tendered by both
parties. I should add, however, that most of these arguments (in particular,
those relating to the public interest in the speedy resolution of the
controversy concerned) have already been considered in this part of the
judgment relating to an analysis of the relevant case law. Indeed, only two
substantive arguments from general principle remain.

98 The first is whether or not the Rules of Court apply in the present
proceedings, a point on which (as we have seen) both parties have proffered
diametrically opposed views. The second relates to the more general argument
made by Mr Ravi to the effect that the plaintiff, having taken all reasonable
steps to fulfil her obligations to furnish security for costs under r 13,
ought not to be penalised harshly. I now consider these arguments _seriatim_.

_Are the Rules of Court applicable?_

99 I consider, first, the issue as to whether or not the Rules of Court apply
in the context of proceedings such as these. There is, to the best of my
knowledge, no specific decision covering this point in the Singapore context.
This issue has therefore to be decided from first or general principles.

100 In my view, the issue can be resolved without even having recourse to
either Mr Chan’s or Mr Ravi’s arguments. This is because I have found that r
13 is a _mandatory_ provision. If so, then it must, _ex hypothesi_ , be
complied with strictly. In other words, there can be _no room_ for extension
of time so that even if it were open to this court to consider the application
the Rules of Court in general and the provision therein for extension of time
in particular, it would make no difference to the present proceedings since it
is clear, as I have elaborated upon above, that r 13 is clearly mandatory and
must be complied with strictly. This interpretation is further supported by
the opening words of r 3 of the PER itself (reproduced above at [44]), which
state that the application of the Rules of Court, with the necessary
modifications, to the practice and procedure in any proceedings under the Act
is “[_s_]_ubject to_ the provisions of these Rules [_viz_ , the PER] and of
the Act [_viz_ , the Parliamentary Elections Act]” [emphasis added]. It should
also be noted that the underlying philosophy and as concomitant general
approach adopted in the Rules of Court are quite different, as the underlying
presumption appears to be that the provisions contained therein are generally
directory rather than mandatory (reference may be made, in this regard, to O 2
r 1 of the Rules of Court).

101 However, as I have already pointed out above, the precise relationship
between O 1 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court and r 3 of the PER is none too clear.
It is not necessary for me to attempt to clarify this relationship (assuming
that this is possible in the first instance), having regard to my holding in
the preceding paragraph. I will content myself with a few tentative comments,
leaving it to a later court to expound on the issue in more detail when faced
with it directly.

102 It seems to me that r 3 of the PER is intended to be a “gap-filling”
provision. By this I mean that the PER constitute the foundational set of
rules which govern proceedings under the Act, although relevant provisions of
the Rules of Court might apply, with the necessary modifications, where a
certain procedural issue or step is not covered by any of the specific rules
within the PER themselves. That this is the case is buttressed by the language
of O 1 r 2(4) of the Rules of Court (reproduced at [45] above). Indeed, a
plain reading of O 1 r 2(4) clearly envisages that the Rules of Court will
have little, or no, role to play in the context of the Act itself. Pausing for
the moment, the view to the effect that r 3 of the PER is intended to be “gap-
filling” only is perfectly consistent with my holding to the effect that r 13
is a mandatory provision which must be complied with strictly.

103 That r 3 of the PER plays a “gap-filling” role appears to be further
supported by the relevant _legislative history_.

104 It is apposite to commence by setting out s 100 of the Act, as follows:

**Procedure and practice on applications under section 90**

**100.** —(1) The procedure and practice on applications under section 90
shall be regulated by rules which may be made by the Rules Committee
constituted and appointed under section 80 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap. 322).

(2) The Rules contained in the Fourth Schedule shall be deemed to have been
made under the powers conferred by subsection (1) _and shall be amendable by
rules made under that subsection._

[emphasis added]

105 Section 100 was in fact present in the Act right at the outset – as s 86
of the (original) 1947 Ordinance, which read as follows:

**86****.** —(1) The procedure and practice on election petitions shall be
regulated by rules which may be made by the Rules Committee constituted and
appointed under the provisions of section 88 of the Courts Ordinance.

(2) The rules contained in the Third Schedule to this Ordinance shall be
deemed to have been made under the powers herein conferred.

106 It can be seen that s 100 of the Act is, in all but one substantive
respect, the same as s 86 of the 1947 Ordinance, as represented principally by
the italicised words at [104] above. These italicised words serve, in my view,
to underscore the view expressed below (at [108]) to the effect that s 100 was
originally introduced in order to pave the way for the promulgation of a new
and comprehensive set of elections rules.

107 Although the 1947 Ordinance (and, hence, the (present) Act) can be traced,
in the main, to the then Ceylon (Parliamentary Elections) Order in Council
1946 (see, for example, the Objects and Reasons to the Bill for the 1947
Ordinance in the _Supplement to the Government Gazette_ (S 176/1947) and the
_Report of the Legislative Council Elections Drafting Committee_ (Singapore,
April, 1947) (“the _Report_ ”) at pp IV–V as well as Annexure B, pp ii–iv), s
86 (and, hence, the present s 100) was completely new (see the comparative
table in the _Report_ at Annexure A, p 89).

108 It would appear that the present s 100 of our Act was originally
introduced as a completely new provision altogether in order to pave the way
for the promulgation of a comprehensive set of elections rules which would
have taken the place of the rules in the then Third (and presently, Fourth)
Schedule. However, this was not to be. The reasons are unclear. But one thing
is clear: What is now r 3 of the PER was introduced in 1982 via the
Parliamentary Elections Petition (Amendment) Rules 1982 (S 313/1982). Once
again, however, the reasons for the introduction of r 3 are unclear. However,
having regard to the legislative history behind s 100 of the Act, it might
well have been the case that the rules in the Fourth Schedule of the Act were
thought to be adequate and, hence, this resulted in the absence of a new set
of elections rules. Nevertheless, the language and tenor of r 3 suggest that
this provision was introduced in order to “fill in the gaps” in situations
where the situation concerned was not otherwise provided for by the rules in
the Fourth Schedule of the Act themselves.

109 The approach I have suggested is also consistent with Mr Chan’s argument
which has been set out briefly above (at [43]) – but only in the end result
(_cf_ , for example, the absence of discussion of O 1 r 2(5) of the Rules of
Court (reproduced at [46] above)). However, if my respective interpretations
of r 3 (as a “gap-filling” provision) and r 13 (as a mandatory provision) are
correct, there is no need to have recourse to Mr Chan’s argument. And, in the
light of my reading of, _inter alia_ , these rules, Mr Ravi’s argument (at
[56] above) cannot succeed.

_The argument that reasonable steps were taken to furnish security_

110 I turn, next, to Mr Ravi’s argument that the plaintiff had taken
reasonable steps to furnish the requisite security for costs under r 13 and
hence ought not to be penalised. With respect, I do not find this particular
argument even slightly convincing in the least for the following reasons.

111 Firstly, as I have already pointed out above (at [91]), the plaintiff took
steps to furnish the requisite security for costs _only after the present
application_ was taken out by the defendant.

112 Secondly, it was the plaintiff who had brought the substantive application
in the first instance. In the words of Lee J in the _Chong Thain Vun_ case
(quoted at [32] above), “[p]eremptory language is used by the rules and it
behoves a petitioner to study the rules carefully so that every provision is
complied with”; and as the learned judge proceeded to observe (at 74):

If there is a breach of the provision of this rule, it makes no difference
whether the petitioner has misinterpreted or misunderstood it he must take the
risk. The respondent is entitled to take advantage of a petitioner’s faults.
The provisions of this rule must be strictly complied with.

113 Reference may also be made to the equally pertinent observations of
Skinner J made in a similar vein in the _Charlee Soh_ case ([33] _supra_ , and
as quoted at some length at [34] above).

114 I should add that even on a general level, I find that the plaintiff’s
arguments in this particular regard have, with respect, no merit. It would be
more appropriate to state them in the conclusion to this judgment, which I do
(see [115]–[118] below). I will point out that one ought not to be misled by
superficially attractive arguments of sympathy without also examining closely
the entire context, which also includes the _rights_ of _other_ interested
parties, amongst other considerations.

**Conclusion**

115 It is the duty of every court to sift the legal wheat from any (and all)
irrelevant chaff. The “irrelevant chaff” in this particular instance comprised
bare appeals by the plaintiff for sympathy without reference to either the
relevant law or the fact that what she requested in her application involved
serious legal issues and consequences. The plaintiff sought to paint the
picture of one who was a mere layperson – ignorant and helpless. With respect,
this was a wholly one-sided version of events which cleverly omitted to give –
as common fairness required – a full as well as accurate picture that placed
all the circumstances in their proper context. The fact of the matter was that
this was a serious application which was submitted to the Registry of the
Supreme Court in proper legal form by the plaintiff. She had initiated the
main proceedings and was obviously clear about what she intended to achieve
from a legal point of view (and see [1] above). To reiterate, the key issue in
these proceedings was whether r 13 was a mandatory one. It clearly was for the
reasons I have set out above. It was not a mere “optional extra”. The
plaintiff clearly failed to comply with r 13. To accommodate the plaintiff in
the present proceedings out of what would in any event be a misguided and
arbitrary exercise of sympathetic feelings is to ignore, blatantly, a clear
and mandatory legal rule, for which (as I have pointed out above) there is an
equally clear (and no less significant) rationale. Indeed, it is precisely
this clear rationale that furnishes the legal rule with its underlying spirit
of justice and fairness. In the circumstances, to accede to the plaintiff’s
request in the present proceedings would, in effect, be to commit two related
errors simultaneously, _ie_ , blatantly ignoring a mandatory rule out of a
misguided sense of sympathy.

116 I should add that adherence to the law is the essence of the rule of law,
which centres on objectivity as opposed to arbitrary subjective feelings (in
this particular instance, of misguided sympathy). And respect for the law is
not merely a practical necessity; it is an ideal without which arbitrariness
will rear its ugly head. Merely dressing such arbitrariness up in various
labels without more is to be eschewed, for labels without substance constitute
not only empty rhetoric but also exceedingly dangerous things indeed – and all
the more so when they have a superficial attractiveness, and nothing more. The
exercise, as well as the ideal, of freedom are legitimate and real only when
they are effected in accordance with the legal rules concerned. And it bears
emphasising once again that the legal rule that is the focus of the present
proceedings is undergirded by a clear rationale that constitutes its
underlying spirit of justice and fairness. This meets – indeed roundly refutes
– the charge of technicality as well as legalism or positivism which was a
major plank in the plaintiff’s case in the present proceedings.

117 It is also axiomatic, commonsensical as well as just and fair that there
cannot be a claim by a party for the vindication of legal rights without that
party simultaneously fulfilling his or her legal responsibilities. In other
words, one cannot claim one’s legal rights without fulfilling one’s legal
responsibilities. The rhetoric of rights is not a licence for the unilateral
appropriation of advantages without legitimate reciprocation; indeed, such
conduct would be _the very antithesis_ of the ideal underlying the very
concept of rights as legitimately conceived. As I have already mentioned, one
of the plaintiff’s legal responsibilities when she was making her application
– and a mandatory one at that – was to furnish the requisite security for
costs stipulated under r 13. Indeed, there was an additional grace period of
three days as well. Notwithstanding this, she did not fulfil those
responsibilities and the defendant was therefore justified (under r 13(4)) in
taking out the present application.

118 Lest it be thought that such an approach is excessively harsh, even when
taking into account the underlying spirit of justice and fairness referred to
above, I would only state that the Act and the PER are themselves _neutral_ in
nature inasmuch as they could be relied upon by _any party_ so long as that
party could bring himself or herself within the ambit and spirit of the
rule(s) concerned. Indeed, in so far as a breach of r 13 was concerned, had
the shoe been on the other foot, so to speak, the option would have lain with
the present plaintiff to have made precisely the same application taken out by
the present defendant in the present proceedings. In other words, if the
present plaintiff had been the defendant _instead_ , and a similar situation
had arisen, it would have _clearly_ been open to _her_ to apply under r 13(4)
for the application against her to be dismissed. When posed with this
hypothetical situation, Mr Ravi really had no answer, save for a half-hearted
response to the effect that he would not have advocated such an application.
But, surely, this is beside the point. As is obvious from r 13(4) itself as
well as the case law (see generally, and respectively, [77]–[80] and [31]–[34]
above), the option is of course with the defendant. But that does not – and
cannot – detract (in any way) from the fact that a breach of r 13 entitles the
defendant concerned to take out an application to dismiss the plaintiff’s
application.

119 In the circumstances, I grant an order in terms of prayers (1) and (2) of
the present application. The costs of the present application, granted to the
defendant under prayer (2), are to be taxed. It follows that the plaintiff’s
application in Originating Summons No 1017 of 2006 is also dismissed with the
costs of that application also to be taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

