Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara  
[2006] SGHC 148

Case Number | : | OS 342/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo SC, Tan Kay Kheng, Tan Hsiang Yue (Wong Partnership) for applicant; Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Chew Kei-Jin, Ang Gek Joo (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Karaha Bodas Co LLC — Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara   
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Whether application to set aside ex
parte order by party obtaining such order may be granted by court – Whether
court considering exercise of discretion in application to set aside ex parte
order may have regard to all relevant matters including those occurring after
original order made – Order 32 r 6 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

18 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved_.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 The parties before me are Karaha Bodas Company LLC (“the applicant”) and
Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara otherwise known as
“Pertamina” (“the respondent”). These parties were at one time jointly engaged
in a project to mine geothermal resources in Indonesia. That project was
suspended following a presidential decree issued by the Government of
Indonesia sometime in 1997 or 1998, in the aftermath of the economic crisis of
that time which adversely affected a number of countries in Asia. The
suspension gave rise to arbitration proceedings which culminated in an award
made in Geneva in favour of the applicant for an amount of around US$260m. The
applicant then commenced enforcement proceedings in various jurisdictions.
Before me, reference was made by both counsel to such proceedings being
pursued in the US, Canada, Hong Kong and here in Singapore.

2 It was not disputed that the proceedings in the US were the furthest along.
According to Mr Alvin Yeo SC who appeared for the applicant, those proceedings
were all over “bar the shouting”. He informed me that the respondent had filed
a final petition for a writ of _certiorari_ to the Supreme Court of the United
States (“the Petition”). The outcome of the Petition was expected to be known
by October this year. According to Mr Yeo, if the Petition were denied, as the
applicant fully expects it will be, then the applicant will recover in the US
the entire amount it claims is due.

3 Against that backdrop, I briefly recount the history of the proceedings in
Singapore. On 14 March 2002, the applicant commenced these proceedings and
obtained an _ex parte_ order to enforce the award (“the _ex parte_ order”).
Following some initial procedural skirmishes which centred primarily on the
issue of service of process, certain directions were made by consent and on 10
September 2002 the respondent filed its application to set aside the _ex
parte_ order. The respondent filed its affidavit in support of that
application a little over a month later. The parties then came to an
understanding to hold these proceedings in abeyance pending developments in
some other jurisdictions. This agreement or understanding was extended from
time to time.

4 In January 2006, following a change of solicitors, the respondent filed a
further affidavit introducing an allegation of fraud in support of its
application to set aside the _ex parte_ order. It appears that at that point,
the respondent no longer considered itself bound by the previous
understanding. Directions were then given for the applicant to file a
responsive affidavit. Further affidavits were filed by the respondent and the
matter was fixed for hearing from 9 to 11 May 2006. These dates were vacated
on the applicant’s motion which was grounded upon Mr Yeo’s unavailability and
fresh dates were given for the matter to be heard from 26 to 28 July 2006. Mr
Yeo candidly accepted that but for his unavailability the matter might well
have proceeded in May. However, he maintained that had that been the case, it
was likely that the applicant would have made a further application for
directions to have the matter tried with oral evidence, discovery and possibly
pleadings in view of the fraud allegation that had been introduced by the
respondent.

5 That of course did not take place. Instead, on 10 July 2006, a fortnight or
so before the hearing was scheduled to commence, the applicant applied for the
matter to be stayed pending the outcome of the determination by the US Supreme
Court on the Petition.

6 That application was successfully resisted by the respondent before the
learned assistant registrar, Ms Dorcas Quek. The applicant appealed against
the order of the learned assistant registrar and that came before me.

7 Mr Yeo’s submissions on the appeal before me can be summarised thus:

(a) It is within the discretion of the court to make the order sought.

(b) The Petition was filed in the US after the fraud allegation had been
raised in Singapore. However the fraud allegation does not feature in it.

(c) The trial in Singapore is unlikely to be a simple three-day matter, given
the nature of the fraud allegation and the application for further directions
which he intimated he was likely to make: see [4] above.

(d) The primary jurisdiction in which the enforcement proceedings are being
contested is the US. The applicant believes that by October 2006, the Petition
will be dismissed and this will clear the way for the applicant to recover all
the amounts it claims are due. Any further effort expended in litigating the
issue in Singapore in the meantime, will therefore likely result in a waste of
time and resources.

Mr Yeo therefore submitted that good sense dictated that the matter should be
stayed in the meantime.

8 Mr Chew Kei-Jin presented the case for the respondent though he was led by
Mr Chelva Rajah SC. He submitted in reliance upon some _dicta_ of Lai Kew Chai
J in his landmark judgment in _Sumitomo Bank Ltd v Kartika Ratna_ _Thahir_
[1993] 1 SLR 735, that there is no requirement whether as a rule of law or
otherwise that every component of an allegation of fraud has to be proved by
oral evidence. He indicated that the respondent’s case on fraud was founded
largely upon documents. He therefore did not accept Mr Yeo’s suggestion that
the matter could not be disposed of within the three days that had been
allocated. In any event, he submitted that whatever the outcome of the
Petition in the US, it was the intention of the respondent to proceed with
this application to set aside the _ex parte_ order on the basis of fraud.

9 I invited Mr Chew to clarify this since it seemed to me that if the
applicant successfully recovered all that it considered was due to it as a
result of the enforcement proceedings in the US, it would likely bring an end
to these proceedings. Mr Chew’s explanation went to the heart of the
respondent’s position. He explained that the respondent wanted the opportunity
to make good the allegation of fraud before a first instance court and
Singapore would most likely be the first jurisdiction that would be able to
return a finding on this issue at first instance. He submitted it would be
unjust to the respondent to deprive it of the opportunity to make good its
allegation of fraud. He further submitted that an outcome here could have a
bearing on an appeal pending in Canada which is due to be heard in October
2006.

10 In the course of the arguments, I invited Mr Yeo to clarify why the
applicant did not simply make an application to set aside the _ex parte_ order
on its own motion if it was so sure of its position in the US. Mr Yeo having
taken instructions then indicated that if I was not with him in the appeal he
would make an oral application to set aside the _ex parte_ order.

11 Having considered the arguments, I dismissed the appeal. My reasons,
briefly stated, centred on the fact that I did not consider it fair or just
that the applicant, having commenced the proceedings, could then control its
pace to suit its own convenience. As long as both parties consensually took a
certain course, as had been done until the end of 2005, the court was likely
to be sympathetic to their joint request to keep the matter in abeyance.
However, when one party withdrew from this understanding, the position was
likely to be viewed differently.

12 This seemed to me to be even more so when an allegation of fraud had been
raised. If the applicant had sought an expeditious hearing to refute the fraud
allegation, it would likely have met with a sympathetic response and in my
view, it was fair that the same approach be taken in assessing the
respondent’s desire to bring its allegation of fraud to a speedy judgment. A
party _against_ whom an action is brought is equally entitled to have the
matter brought to a conclusion expeditiously since vindication is a legitimate
interest.

13 I was also mindful of the fact that after the respondent had withdrawn from
the previous understanding, it had acted diligently and exerted all reasonable
efforts to bring the matter to a hearing. Indeed, but for Mr Yeo’s
unavailability in May, the hearing might have commenced already even if,
perhaps, it might not yet have been completed.

14 Moreover, in my view, there was substance in Mr Chew’s point that the
respondent stood to be prejudiced if the matter were delayed since they had
their pending applications in other jurisdictions which conceivably might be
influenced by what happened in these proceedings.

15 Finally, it was clear to me that if the basis of the application was that
it was practically all over because of what the applicant believed would
transpire in the US, then it was a matter for the applicant to take a view on
and to apply to set aside the _ex parte_ order.

16 This brings me to the oral application that was then made by Mr Yeo on
behalf of the applicant to set aside the _ex parte_ order. It may be noted
that the subject matter of the pending hearing which the applicant had
initially attempted to stay was the respondent’s application to have that same
order set aside. Nonetheless, the respondent opposed Mr Yeo’s oral
application.

17 It was not disputed that the court has the jurisdiction to set aside an _ex
parte_ order. This is expressly provided for in O 32 r 6 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). In essence Mr Chew’s arguments may be summarised
as follows:

(a) The court’s jurisdiction to set aside an _ex parte_ order may only be
exercised upon the application of a party affected by the order. It may not be
exercised upon the application of the party who obtained the order. All the
reported cases dealing with this jurisdiction concern the former situation.

(b) Further and in any event, an _ex parte_ order may only be set aside on the
basis of facts and matters in existence at the time the order was made. Facts
and matters subsequent to the making of the order may not be relied upon to
set aside the order.

(c) In the alternative, if the court has the discretion to set aside an _ex
parte_ order on the application of the party that obtained the order and/or on
the basis of facts and matters subsequent to the making of the order, that
discretion ought not be exercised in favour of the applicant in the present
case.

18 At the conclusion of the arguments before me, I reserved judgment but I
vacated the dates that had been fixed for the substantive hearing of the
respondent’s application to set aside the _ex parte_ order. I now turn to the
arguments raised before me.

**Who may apply?**

19 Order 32 r 6 simply provides that the court may set aside an order made _ex
parte_. It does not limit the court’s power by reference to the identity of
the party seeking to set aside the order. This is not surprising if one has
regard to the jurisprudential basis underlying this provision. In the case of
the usual order of court, the interest of finality in litigation mandates that
the only way in which such an order may be challenged is by an appeal. However
the nature of an _ex parte_ order is such that it is provisional in nature. It
is true that this provisional nature derives from the fact that the court has
moved upon hearing one party only. However, it does not follow from this that
it is provisional only as against the party that has not been heard and is
final as against the party who originally applied for the order. There is
nothing in the case law to support such duality in the nature or character of
such an order. Moreover, if this were the case, it would mean that an
applicant who obtained an order _ex parte_ could never himself set it aside.
Since an order that is made _ex parte_ generally cannot be appealed against,
it would mean in effect that as against the original applicant an _ex parte_
order could be even more resilient than one obtained _inter partes_. That
seems untenable and, indeed, perverse.

20 Counsel could not find a great many authorities on the point. Perhaps the
clearest articulation of the principles involved is to be found in the
judgment of Sir John Donaldson MR in the English Court of Appeal in _WEA
Records Ltd v Visions Channel 4 Ltd_ [1983] 1 WLR 721 (“ _WEA Ltd_ ”). The
appeal stemmed from an application for an Anton Piller order which had been
sought _ex parte_. An application was brought by the defendants to discharge
the order. The following passage from the judgment of the Master of the Rolls
at 727 is instructive:

Equally there is no doubt that the High Court has power to review and to
discharge or vary any order which has been made ex parte. This jurisdiction is
inherent in the provisional nature of any order made ex parte and is reflected
in R.S.C., Ord. 32, r. 6. …

_As I have said, ex parte orders are essentially provisional in nature. They
are made by the judge on the basis of evidence and submissions emanating from
one side only. Despite the fact that the applicant is under a duty to make
full disclosure of all relevant information in his possession, whether or not
it assists his application, this is no basis for making a definitive order and
every judge knows this. He expects at a later stage to be given an opportunity
to review his provisional order in the light of evidence and argument adduced
by the other side and, in so doing, he is not hearing an appeal from himself
and in no way feels inhibited from discharging or varying his original order._

This being the case it is difficult, if not impossible, to think of
circumstances in which it would be proper to appeal to this court against an
ex parte order without first giving the judge who made it or, if he was not
available, another High Court judge an opportunity of reviewing it in the
light of argument from the defendant and reaching a decision.

[emphasis added]

21 It is true that the judgment refers to the matter being reconsidered in the
light of what “the other side” says. Mr Chew relied on this to suggest that
the court’s jurisdiction to set aside an _ex parte_ order is therefore limited
to when “the other side” applies. I think this is misplaced in the light of
the express language of O 32 r 6 and what I have said at [19] above. In the
great majority of cases, the party seeking to have the order set aside will be
the party against whom the order has been made and in the minority of cases
where the party who has obtained the order later wishes to apply to have it
set aside, it must almost invariably be the case that the other party would
not resist it. The present case is exceptional in that sense and in my
judgment it is this which likely accounts for the dearth of cases on the
point.

22 In the course of arguments, Mr Yeo advanced a simple but compelling
hypothetical example in support of his position. He said that it would be
absurd to hold that an applicant who had obtained an _ex parte_ order but then
later discovered he had done so on the basis of a misapprehension could not
take steps himself to right the wrong. I agree it would be absurd to place so
narrow a construction upon the broad terms used in O 32 r 6 and I decline the
invitation to do so.

23 In my judgment therefore there is nothing to prevent the party who obtained
an _ex parte_ order from later bringing an application to set it aside.

**What may be considered?**

24 Mr Chew’s second argument was that if I had the jurisdiction to set aside
the order upon the motion of the original applicant, it was only to be
exercised on the basis of matters that were known or at least in existence at
the time of the order. Put another way, Mr Chew’s argument was that I could
not base my decision on matters that had transpired subsequent to the making
of the _ex parte_ order. The significance of this lay in the fact that the
present application was brought by Mr Yeo on account of the course of the
enforcement proceedings in the US after the date of the _ex parte_ order.

25 Mr Chew relied on this brief _dictum_ of Lord Denning MR in _Becker v Noel_
[1971] 1 WLR 803:

Not only may the court set aside an order made ex parte, but where leave is
given ex parte it is always within the inherent jurisdiction of the court to
revoke that leave if it feels that it gave its original leave _under a
misapprehension upon new matters being drawn to its attention._ [emphasis
added]

26 Mr Chew suggested that this meant that the new material must go towards
showing that at the time the original order was made, it should not have been.
I do not agree. The _dictum_ itself is contained in a short Practice Note
which makes it impossible to arrive at any conclusion as to the limits of the
principle that was enunciated there since it is not apparent what the facts
before the court were. Further, there is nothing in the _dictum_ that
necessarily limits it as suggested by Mr Chew. Moreover, for the reasons that
follow, Mr Chew’s submission is not well-founded.

27 First, there is nothing in the language of O 32 r 6 which mandates such a
conclusion. Secondly, if the order is provisional, then it seems to me it must
be provisional in every way. The provisional character of an _ex parte_ order
cannot be artificially segmented so that it is treated as provisional as to
matters up to the time of the making of the order but final as to matters
subsequent thereto. Thirdly, I cannot see the sense in imposing an artificial
limitation in the way suggested by Mr Chew. If the order is liable to be set
aside or confirmed upon hearing both sides, then it seems most sensible that
the court should be allowed access to all relevant matters in deciding what it
should do at the time this is being considered _inter partes_.

28 Finally, if Mr Chew were right on this, it would mean that even the party
against whom the order was made could not rely upon matters subsequent to the
_ex parte_ order being made in order to have it set aside. This is utterly
untenable. To apply it in the present context, it would mean that if the
applicant after obtaining the original _ex parte_ order had got satisfaction
of its award in another jurisdiction, then this could not be a basis for
either party to apply to have it set aside. That is patently wrong. Nor does
it make sense to then read in a further artificial limitation that this is
only so if the application to set aside were brought by the party who obtained
the original _ex parte_ order.

29 Although it is not exactly on all fours with the issues raised by Mr Chew’s
argument, I think it is useful to recall the well-established principle that a
court dealing with an application to set aside an _ex parte_ order may have
regard to facts and matters that were not known even by the party seeking the
order at the time the original application was made.

30 Thus, in _WEA Ltd_ , Dunn LJ noted that evidence obtained from the
execution of an Anton Piller order that was made _ex parte_ could be used to
support the original grant. He stated at 728–729:

Following the execution of the _Anton Piller_ order, Messrs. Terence and
Jeffrey Collins swore affidavits. The effect of Terence Collins’ affidavit was
to admit that certain illicit goods, as defined in the order, were in their
possession. It was said on behalf of the defendants that that evidence was
irrelevant and inadmissible in any application to review the order either by
way of an application to discharge it or by way of appeal, and that on such an
application the court should confine itself to the evidence before the judge
who made the order. I do not agree with that submission. _Hallmark Cards Inc.
v. Image Arts Ltd._ [1977] 3 F.S.R.150, to which Sir John Donaldson M.R. has
referred, shows that the court looks at the reality of the situation,
including any evidence filed or statement made by counsel by way of admissions
after the execution of the _Anton Piller_ order. If consequent upon the grant
of the _Anton Piller_ order the evidence shows that the order was in fact
justified, then the fact that the evidence before the judge was not as strong
as it ultimately became does not in my view provide a ground for challenging
the order itself.

31 The following passage from _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 32/6/7 also bears this out:

The court is entitled to take into account facts and documents disclosed or
discovered in compliance or in pursuance of the interim orders, even though
the question of whether the order should have been made in the first place was
being raised ...

32 The decision of the Court of Appeal in _Nikkomann Co Pte Ltd v Yulean
Trading Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 980 (“ _Nikkomann_ ”) is cited in support of the
foregoing proposition in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_. In _Nikkomann,_ the
Court of Appeal followed _WEA Ltd_ and said as follows at 992, [50]:

At this point, we ought to say that the learned judicial commissioner was also
entitled to take into account facts and documents disclosed or discovered in
compliance or in pursuance of the interim orders, particularly the clandestine
sale … and the disposal of the proceeds of the sale, _even though the question
whether the order should have been made in the first place was being raised
before him_. [emphasis added]

33 These cases show that the court dealing with an application to set aside an
_ex parte_ order can even consider material that was unknown to the applicant
for the _ex parte_ order at the time it was made, and which was only obtained
as a result of the execution of the very order which was the subject of the
challenge. It would be illogical in my view to stop there and not permit the
consideration of fresh material that might be directly relevant to either the
continuance or the discharge of the order but which related to matters that
transpired after the order was made.

34 Mr Chew drew my attention to the decision of the Privy Council in _Ministry
of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Industry v Vehicles and Supplies Ltd_ [1991] 1
WLR 550 (“ _Vehicles and Supplies Ltd_ ”). That was a case where the majority
of the Court of Appeal of Jamaica held that an _ex parte_ order could not be
set aside in the absence of any new material being placed before the reviewing
judge.

35 The matter then went on appeal to the Privy Council which allowed it. Lord
Oliver of Aylmerton, who delivered the judgment of the Board, did not express
any view as to whether the principle articulated by the majority in the Court
of Appeal was correct. Instead, he relied upon the fact that there was new
material before the first instance court when it set aside the _ex parte_
order. Part of that new material was in respect of the supposed effects of the
_ex parte_ order: see _Vehicles and Supplies Ltd_ at 555–556. Such effects
must by definition have occurred subsequent to the _ex parte_ order and this
demonstrates in my view that it is permissible to have regard to matters that
take place after the order that is being challenged was made.

36 It follows that, in my judgment, a court considering the exercise of its
discretion in an application to set aside an _ex parte_ order may have regard
to all relevant matters including those that occur after the original order
was made.

**How should the discretion be exercised in the present case?**

37 Mr Yeo submitted that if I had the jurisdiction to set aside the _ex parte_
order in the present circumstances, then it was not a matter of _discretion_.
In effect he submitted that I had to set it aside. I am satisfied that this is
incorrect.

38 I return to the express terms of O 32 r 6 which merely states that the
court “may” set aside such an order. Furthermore, it seems to me that the
approach to be taken and the principles to be applied by the court when
dealing with an application to set aside an _ex parte_ order will not as a
general rule be different by reason only of the fact that the party moving to
set aside the original order is the very party that obtained it.

39 I accept that there is a difference between cases where the _ex parte_
order is challenged on the basis that it ought not to have been made (either
at all or in the light of the facts or the evidence or the arguments that are
subsequently brought to the attention of the court) and those where the order
is sought to be set aside not because the order was unsound but because there
is no longer a need for it. However, in my view, this is not a distinction
that warrants a different rule as to whether or not the court has a
discretion. Rather, it may be a relevant factor and perhaps, on occasion, even
an overwhelming factor, to be taken into consideration in the exercise of the
court’s discretion.

40 In the present case, I note that what underlies the applicant’s desire to
set aside the _ex parte_ order is its view that there is unlikely to be any
necessity for enforcement proceedings to be pursued in Singapore. This view is
founded on the course that the enforcement proceedings pursued in the US have
taken. The respondent also wishes to have the _ex parte_ order set aside but
upon _its_ application. This is an important point because the respondent’s
interest lies not in upholding the _ex parte_ order but rather in having it
set aside on _its_ terms. This brings me back to the point I noted at [9]
above. The respondent’s real interest is to ensure that this court retains
jurisdiction over the matter so that the respondent has an opportunity to
vindicate itself here. Mr Chew submitted that it would be just to refuse Mr
Yeo’s application so that the respondent could have the opportunity to show
that the _ex parte_ order was wrongly obtained.

41 Mr Chew submitted that the discretion of the court was ultimately to be
exercised in the interests of justice. He relied upon the decision of the
Court of Appeal in Malaysia in _Majlis Peguam Malaysia v Raja Segaran a/l S
Krishnan_ [2002] 3 MLJ 155 (“ _Raja Segaran_ ”). That was a case where the
plaintiff brought an action seeking a number of declarations that were
directed at an intended meeting of one of the defendants which was to have
been convened in order to discuss certain allegations relating to the
Malaysian judiciary. The plaintiff obtained an interlocutory injunction
against the meeting proceeding. The matter then went to trial where at the
close of the proceedings, judgment was reserved. Subsequently, the learned
judge who heard the trial read out a statement to the parties indicating his
view that they should come to an agreement and resolve their differences. This
proved unsuccessful and the plaintiff then applied to discontinue the suit.
This was opposed by the defendants. The learned judge permitted the
discontinuance and the defendants then appealed successfully to the Court of
Appeal.

42 The matter was dealt with on the basis of O 21 r 3(1) of the Rules of the
High Court 1980 (PU(A) 50/1980) (M’sia) which provided as follows:

Except as provided by rule 2, a party may not discontinue an action (whether
begun by writ or otherwise) or counterclaim, or withdraw any particular claim
made by him therein, without the leave of the Court, and the Court hearing an
application for the grant of such leave may order the action or counterclaim
to be discontinued, or any particular claim therein to be struck out, as
against any or all of the parties against whom it is brought or made on such
terms as to costs, the bringing of a subsequent action or otherwise as it
thinks just.

43 This provision is _in_ _pari materia_ with O 21 r 3 of our Rules of Court.
Sri Ram JCA who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal made the
following points at 161–162:

(a) The case highlighted the tension between the right of the initiator of an
action to withdraw the process by which he had invoked the court’s discretion,
and the right of a defendant to press his case forward to judgment especially
where he considers himself to be _dominus litis._

(b) The court has a wide discretion under the Malaysian equivalent of O 21 r 3
in resolving the tension between these interests.

(c) This is not an unprincipled discretion but is guided by the principles and
guidelines that emerge from previous authorities. These suggest that
discontinuance may be refused if:

(i) the defendant in fact controls the litigation; or

(ii) the case is at a very advanced stage; or

(iii) the plaintiff has gained some interlocutory or interim advantage prior
to seeking discontinuance.

44 On the facts before it, the Court of Appeal noted that the action had been
contested vigorously and the defendants had suffered much in the way of
expense and trouble to test the plaintiff’s position. All that remained was
for judgment to be rendered. However, these were not the factors considered by
the learned judge at first instance in considering the application for leave
to discontinue the proceedings. Rather, the learned judge had reached his
decision on the basis of policy considerations that were not legally relevant.
On this basis, the appeal was allowed.

45 Mr Yeo did not take issue with the decision itself or with the reasoning in
_Raja Segaran_. Rather he made three short points. First, he submitted that
that was a case concerned with O 21 r 3. He pointed out that that provision
specifically sets out the sort of orders a court could make thereunder. In
contrast, O 32 r 6 simply states that the court may set aside an _ex parte_
order without more. I think Mr Yeo is correct to the extent he submits that
the principles applicable to a discontinuance are not automatically to be
imported into the regime that deals with _ex parte_ orders. Indeed the brevity
of O 32 r 6 is to be seen in the context of the fact that much of the law on
_ex parte_ orders and applications is judge-made and concerns the exercise of
the court’s wide discretion in this area. It would not be appropriate, in my
view, to impose limitations upon the exercise of such discretion simply by
importing rules and principles articulated in a different context.

46 Mr Yeo next submitted that _Raja Segaran_ is an extreme case in that after
the considerable exertions of both parties, all that remained was for the
judgment to be delivered. He further submitted that it was extreme in the
sense that the Court of Appeal considered that the defendant’s constitutional
right to free speech on a matter of public interest was at issue in that case.
If _Raja Segaran_ were relevant to the exercise of the court’s discretion
under O 32 r 6, I would agree that it does not assist the respondent in the
case before me. Although this matter has been afoot for some years, for most
of that time, upon a common understanding it has been put to one side.
Moreover, although the hearing dates were imminent, there is a substantial
amount of time and effort yet to be expended.

47 Mr Yeo’s third submission was that the case before me is one where there
would be no injustice to the respondent if I were to make the order sought by
the applicant. Both parties ultimately seek a similar end – namely to set
aside the _ex parte_ order albeit on different bases. Mr Yeo submitted that
the basis upon which that order is set aside would in the final analysis have
a bearing on costs. He submitted that as far as the applicant was concerned,
they were entitled to apply for and obtain the original order but this was a
contention the court should properly assess when making its order as to the
costs of the proceedings. Again, I accept that this is correct. In my view,
given that both parties wish to have the _ex parte_ order set aside, the real
significance of the basis upon which that is done is, if at all, in the way
which the costs of the proceedings are to be dealt with.

48 In my judgment, no injustice or prejudice would be caused to either party
by my setting aside the _ex parte_ order, which could not adequately be
compensated by an appropriate order as to the costs of the proceedings. I do
not think it is material in the circumstances that the respondent wishes to
preserve the jurisdiction of this court in order to get a finding at first
instance on the issue of fraud. The International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) which incorporates the United Nations Commission on International
Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration sets
out the circumstances in which an award may be set aside or challenged in this
court whether before or at the same time as an application for enforcement of
that award. If, and to the extent, the respondent is able to initiate a
separate action in Singapore to have the award set aside on the grounds of the
fraud allegation, then it suffers no prejudice by the present order. If, on
the other hand, it would not be able to found jurisdiction here for such a
purpose absent a pending enforcement proceeding, then I do not consider that a
party such as the applicant can be required to maintain an enforcement
proceeding it has initiated solely to provide a jurisdictional basis for the
respondent to have its challenge against the award determined here.

49 In the circumstances, I do set aside the _ex parte_ order on the oral
application made by Mr Yeo. It was contemplated during the hearing that if I
reached this point, the question of the costs of the proceedings and of this
application would be dealt with separately. I will accordingly hear the
parties on these issues.

50 Finally, Mr Chew submitted that if I were to set aside the _ex parte_ order
it should be done on terms that the applicant could not subsequently commence
a fresh set of proceedings, for instance, if it failed in the US. In effect,
he contended that I should only exercise my discretion on terms that would be
the equivalent of the respondent having succeeded on its application.

51 As to this, Mr Yeo submitted that it went to the effects of setting aside
an _ex parte_ order, and he argued that this should be left to a future
occasion if and when a fresh set of proceedings were initiated. He contended
that until that happened, this was an issue not ripe for determination.
Alternatively, he submitted that this should be the subject of separate
submissions to be made at the same time as those pertaining to costs.

52 As this last issue was not fully argued, I leave this also to be addressed
together with the submissions on costs at a subsequent hearing before me.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

