Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Tan Te Teck Gregory  
[2006] SGHC 181

Case Number | : | Suit 832/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Narayanan Vijay Kumar (Vijay & Co) for the plaintiff; The defendant in person   
Parties | : |  Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Tan Te Teck Gregory   
  
Companies – Winding up – Payments made by company to defendant two years
before winding up – Defendant ex-employee of company and married to niece of
company director – Whether defendant "associate" of company at time payments
made – Whether payments constituting undue preference recoverable by company
liquidators upon winding-up of company – Sections 98, 99, 100 Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed), s 329(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

13 October 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

**Background**

1 The plaintiff is a company in liquidation. It brought this claim against the
defendant, Gregory Tan Te Teck, who had been its employee. The action was
brought with a view to recovering payments that had been made to the defendant
by the plaintiff. Just under two years after these payments had been made,
insolvency proceedings were commenced against the plaintiff. The plaintiff
alleges in this action that these payments constitute an undue preference and
hence are liable to be recovered by the liquidator. The principal question
raised is one that concerns the circumstances in which a liquidator may
properly challenge transactions that were entered into prior to the onset of a
company’s insolvency. However, it also presents an occasion to re-examine the
appropriate role and approach of liquidators to the initiation and prosecution
of litigation in the name of the company.

2 It is significant to note at the outset that this was the latest in a series
of lawsuits that have their genesis in a business relationship involving some
or all of the plaintiff, its former directors, the defendant and another
entity known as Niklex Supply Co (“Niklex”) in relation to commercial
arrangements for the sale and supply of crystal ware. I refer here to the
decisions of:

(a) Lai Kew Chai J in _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict_ [2004] 3 SLR 12;

(b) Andrew Ang JC (as he then was) in _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict (No 2)_
[2004] 4 SLR 788 (“ _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ ”);

(c) The Court of Appeal in the appeal from the decision of Ang JC in _Tang
Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict_ [2005] 3 SLR 263 (“ _Lek Benedict (No 2)(CA)_ ”);

(d) Tan Lee Meng J in _Re Tang Yoke Kheng_ [2006] 1 SLR 351; and most
recently,

(e) Lai Siu Chiu J in _Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd v Lek Benedict_ [2006] 3
SLR 141 (“ _Amrae Benchuan_ ”).

3 Benedict Lek and Joseph Lim Wee Chuan (collectively “Lek and Lim”) were
shareholders and directors of the plaintiff. The defendant was an employee of
the plaintiff from 1994 until December 2001. At the material time, the
defendant was employed as a sales executive and was paid a monthly salary of
$2,400.

4 On 22 August 2003, Niklex presented a petition to wind up the company. The
company was wound up some weeks later on 19 September 2003. The Official
Receiver was originally appointed as the liquidator but subsequently by an
order of court dated 25 May 2005, Mr Don Ho Mun Tuke was appointed as the
liquidator and I refer to him as such.

5 The company had been carrying on business as a distributor of Bohemian
crystal, supplying its wares to a number of leading retailers in Singapore. At
some point, the company started to obtain supplies from Niklex. Lai Siu Chiu J
in _Amrae Benchuan_ found that Niklex was a sole proprietorship registered in
the name of Mdm Tang Yoke Kheng but that in fact she was a front for her
husband Mr David Chan Choo Tuck (“Mr Chan”). The learned judge in that case
also noted that the litigation in question, although brought in the name of
the company, was being funded by Mr Chan. The background to the relationship
between Mr Chan and Niklex on the one hand, and the plaintiff, Lek and Lim and
the defendant on the other, is set out in some detail in the judgment of Lai J
in _Amrae Benchuan_ at [1] to [24] and it is not necessary for me to repeat
those matters here.

**Liquidators and litigation**

6 However, the history of the proceedings before Lai J in _Amrae Benchuan_ ,
and indeed in _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ ([2(b)] _supra_) heard before Andrew Ang
JC, is of more than passing interest to the present proceedings.

7 _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ was an action brought against Lek and Lim and the
defendant in the present proceedings. Mdm Tang Yoke Kheng, trading as Niklex,
was the plaintiff and she sought to make the defendants in that action liable
for fraudulent trading under s 340 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). The plaintiff was unsuccessful but in dismissing the claim, Ang
JC made the following observations at [23] and [27]:

The Company could have used the money to keep instalment payments to the
plaintiff but did not. I am not persuaded by the first and second defendants’
reasons for stopping the instalment payments. In my view, at the time these
repayments of loans were made, the Company was already insolvent, the
plaintiff’s demand of 31 January 2001 not having been met. A case could well
be made out for saying that in making these and other payments (such as the
payment of directors’ fees accrued from previous years) the company was
unfairly preferring the defendants over the plaintiff. In many instances, as
shown in the defendants’ document marked “DD-3”, moneys paid by the Company to
the defendants were channelled (by way of loan or otherwise) into Axum [a
related company] which then paid the moneys the same day, or shortly
thereafter, over to the Company to run down the outstandings owed by Axum to
the Company. The moneys simply went one full circle. However strongly
suggestive of unfair preference they may be, the facts are insufficient, in my
view, to warrant a finding that the defendants are liable for fraudulent
trading under s 340(1). …

Accordingly, _albeit_ with some regret, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. It is
still open to the plaintiff to request the Official Receiver (or any other
liquidator appointed in his stead) to consider instituting proceedings against
any creditors who may have been unfairly preferred for the recovery of moneys
paid by the Company. I am unable to say more as the question whether or not
there had been unfair preference was not before me.

[emphasis in original]

8 When the matter went to the Court of Appeal, that court in _Lek Benedict (No
2) (CA)_ ([2(c)] _supra_) dismissed the appeal but made certain other
observations at [15] suggesting that there were some unanswered questions. I
note in passing that these unanswered questions appear to have been considered
and disposed of by Lai Siu Chiu J (see for example at [67] to [68] of _Amrae
Benchuan_ ([2(e)] _supra_)). In any event, driven by the observations of Ang
JC in _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ , an action was brought by the liquidator of the
plaintiff company against its two directors, Lek and Lim, in _Amrae Benchuan_
seeking, _inter alia_ , the avoidance of certain transactions under s 329 of
the Act on the basis that these were undue preferences.

9 I think it is fair to say that Lai Siu Chiu J formed an adverse impression
of Mr Chan (see [74]–[77] of _Amrae Benchuan_)_._ The learned judge said as
follows at [78]:

It is no secret that the Liquidator’s costs in these proceedings are to be
borne by David [_ie_ , Mr Chan]. That being the case, I cannot accept the
Liquidator’s assertion that Tang’s various actions against the defendants or
that David’s conduct (according to counsel’s submission) is irrelevant to the
Company’s claim herein or has no impact. On the contrary, Tang and David have
everything to do with this suit. David used his wife’s sole proprietorship,
Niklex, to sell crystal ware to the defendants. He then used Niklex to sue the
defendants and through Niklex, he is funding this litigation to recover moneys
the defendants transferred out of the Company. The Liquidator may well be
duty-bound at law to recover money which belonged to the Company but the
motive of the party behind[,] and funding, this litigation is highly
questionable and his conduct reprehensible.

10 Although this is not directly relevant to the decision I have reached, I
make reference to this only because I think a liquidator has a special
responsibility to retain a measure of detachment in the course of discharging
his functions even if, as in this case, he is being funded by the single
creditor of the company. The point has been considered and commented upon in
two judgments of V K Rajah JC (as he then was) and those passages bear
reiteration so that those engaged in the conduct of liquidations may be
reminded of the special favour with which the court tends to view them and
hence the special responsibility that is imposed upon them. In _Korea Asset
Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 671, Rajah JC made
the following observation at [70]:

Liquidators should always view matters through objective lenses. … They must
be seen to be properly wearing the mantle of objective neutrality untarnished
by any special interests, including their own fee considerations.

11 Although that was articulated in the context of a challenge against the
liquidators on an issue involving a potential conflict of interest, the
principle stated is of general application in so far as the conduct of
liquidators is concerned. The reason for this is spelt out in another judgment
of the same judge in _Liquidator of W &P Piling Pte Ltd v Chew Yin What_
[2004] 3 SLR 164. At [20] of that judgment, Rajah JC noted as follows:

Court-appointed liquidators are officers of the court and enjoy a unique
standing in the insolvency process as they are perceived as not only serving
private interests but also as concurrently discharging a public function.
Deference to the office of liquidator should not, however, be equated with the
unquestioning acceptance of his views or opinions. He is in many ways
discharging responsibilities, not unlike those of an advocate, and as such,
owes a higher duty to the court than to his clients – a duty that is on
occasion overlooked.

12 Then at [29(a)] of the same judgment, the learned judge made the following
further observations:

There is an inclination to lean in favour of the views of the liquidator. He
is presumed to be neutral, independent minded and acting in the best interests
of the company: see Megarry J in _In re Rolls Razor Ltd (No 2)_ [1970] Ch 576
at 592; and Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson VC in _Cloverbay Ltd v Bank of Credit
and Commerce International SA_ [1991] Ch 90 at 104. Having a predisposition is
not tantamount to accepting the assertions or opinions of the liquidator if it
is incongruent with the discharge of his statutory functions. The court will
be cognisant that, from time to time, liquidators overstep the mark in their
zeal to discharge their duties, or they could be influenced by extraneous
factors or collateral motives that might not dovetail with the company’s
interests.

13 I regard each of these pronouncements as having general application to
liquidators in the conduct of their duties. In the context of the present
case, I think the liquidator ought perhaps to have had these considerations at
the forefront of his mind when responding to certain questions I asked him and
which I refer to a little later at [43]–[44] below. It is also pertinent to
note that although the litigation in _Amrae Benchuan_ and in these proceedings
was driven by the observations of Ang JC in _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ which I have
referred to, it would have been appropriate for the liquidator to reassess the
position following the decision of the court in _Amrae Benchuan_ where the
very issues raised in _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ were fully ventilated. This is
especially so given the strong terms in which Lai J had expressed herself.

**Procedural history**

14 In any event, the action came on for hearing before me on 26, 27 and 28
July 2006. The claim initially included reliefs seeking the avoidance of
unspecified transactions, which the defendant had contracted with the
plaintiff, on the basis that these had been concluded at an undervalue. At the
start of the case, I made three observations to counsel for the liquidator, Mr
Narayanan Vijay Kumar. I noted first that the transactions said to have been
contracted at an undervalue had not been particularised at all in the
pleadings. I further noted that no expert evidence had been adduced as to what
the true market value was in relation to those transactions. Thirdly, I noted
that there was no agreed bundle of documents and that the principal evidence
was being given by the liquidator himself. I drew the attention of counsel for
the liquidator to the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Jet Holding Ltd v
Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 769 and invited him to
consider and make submissions on whether the pronouncements of the Court of
Appeal in that case, on the implications of not having an agreed bundle, would
present him with any difficulty.

15 After considering these matters, the liquidator, on the advice of counsel,
decided not to proceed with the bulk of his claims. Instead, he opted to
proceed only with a claim in respect of two payments made by the plaintiff to
the defendant on 7 and 18 September 2001. These were for a sum of $50,000 and
$30,000 respectively and had been made by way of repayment of certain debts
due to the defendant from the plaintiff. The liquidator and the defendant (who
was in person) then agreed upon a statement of facts. On the basis of the
facts set out there the only issues for my decision were the following:

(a) whether these payments were undue preferences within the meaning of s
329(1) of the Act read with ss 98 to 100 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000
Rev Ed); and

(b) whether the defendant was an “associate” of the plaintiff at the time of
these payments so that the period for invalidating the payments under s
100(1)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Act should be extended to two years.

16 Oral and written submissions were presented on behalf of the liquidator,
and at Mr Kumar’s request, time was allowed after the hearing dates reserved
for this matter for further written submissions to be filed dealing with the
issue of whether the defendant was an “associate” of the plaintiff. The
defendant for his part principally relied upon the opening statement filed on
his behalf by his solicitors just before the commencement of the trial, by
which time they had been discharged.

17 In addition, the liquidator gave oral evidence. So too did Mr Chan although
this was purely to prove certain documents.

**The issues**

**_Was the defendant an associate of the plaintiff?_**

18 I consider the second issue first, namely, whether the defendant was an
associate of the company. This is potentially relevant for two reasons. If he
were an associate (otherwise than by reason only of his being an employee of
the plaintiff), then:

(a) under s 99(5) of the Bankruptcy Act a rebuttable presumption arises that
the payment was influenced by the desire to prefer him; and

(b) under s 100(1)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Act the relevant period for
invalidating the transaction as an unfair preference is extended from six
months to two years prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings.

19 The provisions of the Bankruptcy Act are made relevant by virtue of s
329(1) of the Companies Act which provides that if a transaction may be
avoided under the Bankruptcy Act had it been by or against an individual in
the event of his bankruptcy, it shall be voidable if done by or against a
company in its liquidation. The unsatisfactory nature of this arrangement for
importing provisions from the personal insolvency regime into that for
corporate insolvency was noted by the Court of Appeal in _Show Theatres Pte
Ltd v Shaw Theatres Pte Ltd_ [2002] 4 SLR 145 at [17]. In the article “The
Avoidance Provisions of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 and Their Application to
Companies” [1995] Sing JLS 597, Mr Lee Eng Beng makes the following concluding
observations at 647–648:

The introduction of the avoidance provisions into the bankruptcy legislation
is timely and will no doubt herald a system of more comprehensive and
effective protection for a bankrupt’s creditors. With the exception of the few
instances highlighted above, it is likely that the avoidance provisions will
achieve their intended purposes satisfactorily.

The same cannot be said of the application of the avoidance provisions to
companies in winding up and judicial management. It is probably fair to say
that the position is confused and convoluted. This is not due to any objection
to the rationale of the avoidance provisions, but rather with the mechanics of
rendering those provisions applicable to the corporate context. … In this
connection, the need for urgent legislative reform, and relatively
uncomplicated reform at that, cannot be over-emphasised.

20 Having examined this issue, I sympathise with those sentiments.

21 There is no dispute that the defendant was an employee of the plaintiff at
the relevant time. However, under both s 99(5) as well as s 101(1)(_b_) of the
Bankruptcy Act there is an exception in that those provisions do not apply to
a person who is an associate of the insolvent party by reason only of his
position as an employee. The question then is whether the defendant was an
associate of the plaintiff otherwise than by reason of his employment. Section
101 of the Bankruptcy Act provides that any question whether a person is an
associate of another person _shall_ be determined in accordance with the
provisions of that section.

22 Where this is applied in the context of companies, it becomes necessary to
examine the Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act Provisions) Regulations
(Cap 50, Rg 3, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”). Regulation 2 provides that an
“associate” means an associate of a person or company as determined in
accordance with s 101 of the Bankruptcy Act as modified by reg 5 of the
Regulations. Further, reg 2 introduces the term “person connected with a
company” which is defined to mean a person who is a director or shadow
director of the company, or who is an associate of such a director or shadow
director, or who is an associate of the company.

23 Regulation 4 then provides that any reference to an associate of a person
or an individual who has been adjudged bankrupt (except any such reference
within s 101 itself of the Bankruptcy Act) shall be read as a reference to a
person connected with the company that has been placed under judicial
management or that has been wound up.

24 Finally (for present purposes), reg 5 provides that in addition to s 101 of
the Bankruptcy Act, a company shall be regarded as an associate of another
company in certain circumstances.

25 It is thus apparent that the provisions of s 101 of the Bankruptcy Act are
to be applied with some modifications in the corporate context. In particular,
if it could be shown that the defendant was an associate of either of the
directors of the plaintiff, then he would be a person connected with the
company.

26 Mr Kumar submitted several grounds upon which the defendant should be
considered an associate of, or a person connected with, the company otherwise
than by virtue of his position as an employee and I consider each of these.

27 The first provision of relevance which was relied on by Mr Kumar is s
101(6) which provides that a company is an associate of an individual who
controls it on his own or with his associates. Section 101(8) provides that an
individual shall be taken to have control of a company if he is entitled to
exercise at least one-third of the voting rights or if the directors are
accustomed to act in accordance with his instructions. On the evidence before
me, the defendant was not a shareholder of the plaintiff at all and there was
no evidence whatsoever upon which I could make a finding that Lek and Lim (who
were the directors of the plaintiff at the material time) were accustomed to
acting in accordance with the directions or instructions of the defendant.
Therefore, this does not avail the plaintiff.

28 Reference was then made to reg 5 of the Regulations. However, reg 5 has no
direct application to the facts before me because it is concerned with
defining when one company may be regarded as an associate of another company.
The issue at hand is whether the defendant as an individual is an associate of
the plaintiff company either directly or by virtue of being an associate of
one of its directors.

29 Mr Kumar then submitted that the provision excepting an employee from being
an associate in the relevant sense for the purposes of s 99(5) and s
100(1)(_b_) of the Bankruptcy Act should be read as only applicable to the
extent that the transaction being challenged related to the payment of such of
the employee’s debts as had been incurred _qua_ employee. Put another way, Mr
Kumar’s submission was that the words “otherwise than by reason only of being
an employee” found in s 99(5) and s 100(1)(_b_) should be construed to mean
that the payment was made in respect of a claim on the part of the payee
arising “only by reason of being an employee”. Thus, he submitted that a
payment made in respect of a claim for wages for instance could come within
the excepting provision. He submitted that if I were to hold otherwise, there
would be a dissonance between these provisions and s 328 of the Act which
recognises certain priorities for employee claims. In my view, this submission
is plainly wrong. Firstly, this is not borne out by the express language of
the two provisions in question. Further, s 328 is concerned with priority
among creditors seeking to be paid out of the insolvent estate. An employee
coming within that section is entitled to be paid his wages (to the extent
provided there) ahead of the general pool of creditors in the event of a
company’s insolvency. That has nothing to do with an undue preference which
may be set aside. The latter concerns payments made by the company before the
insolvency regime has kicked in and which may in certain circumstances be set
aside. There is thus no need for there to be an equivalence between these
provisions because they relate to quite different things.

30 Mr Kumar submitted that this would mean an employee could circumvent the
provision on priorities by “taking out” even more than he could claim a
priority for under s 328 of the Act. This, with respect, is misconceived. An
employee cannot “take out” money from a company at any time. If he is not an
associate of the company or is an associate solely by virtue of being an
employee and is paid a sum within six months of the onset of insolvency and
that has the effect of preferring him over other creditors, then it can be
attacked as an undue preference. If the payment is made more than six months
before the onset of insolvency and he is not otherwise an associate, it cannot
be impugned on this ground. That is a different matter from what he may claim
a priority for under s 328 of the Act.

31 Mr Kumar also relied on s 101(3) of the Bankruptcy Act which provides that
a person is an associate of an individual with whom he is in partnership. Mr
Kumar submitted that I should accord this a broad interpretation and hold that
the defendant was in partnership with, and therefore an associate of, Lek and
Lim because they had shared interests in other companies. I disagree with this
premise. The reach of the relevant statutory provisions is already very broad.
The legislation is designed to cover a wide range of people with direct or
indirect connections to the insolvent. This has been achieved through a number
of express provisions and I see no need to further extend this by giving these
provisions an unduly expansive construction.

32 Partnership as contemplated in s 101(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, in my view
bears the meaning it has as a legal term and there is good reason for that.
Partners are jointly as well as severally liable for the partnership debts and
that shared exposure provides a sufficient explanation for the treatment of
such persons as associates. In my view, persons who all happen to be
shareholders in corporate entities would not _ipso facto_ be associates. The
only evidence in the agreed statement of facts was that the defendant and Lek
and Lim were shareholders and directors of three other companies but in my
view, this does not make them partners and hence, they are not associates
within the meaning of s 101(3) of the Bankruptcy Act.

33 Mr Kumar’s next submission was that the defendant is to be treated as a
relative of Mr Lim who was a director of the plaintiff company at all material
times, and that on this basis he is to be treated as a person connected with
the plaintiff. The basis for this submission is found in s 101(2) read with s
101(7) and in s 101(8) of the Bankruptcy Act which sections provide as
follows:

(2) A person is an associate of an individual if that person is the
individual’s spouse, or is a relative, or the spouse of a relative of the
individual or his spouse.

(7) For the purpose of this section, a person is a relative of an individual
if he is that individual’s brother, sister, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece, lineal
ancestor or lineal descendent, treating —

(_a_) any relationship of the half blood as a relationship of the whole blood
and the step-child or adopted child of any person as his child; and

(_b_) an illegitimate child as the legitimate child of his mother and reputed
father.

(8) References in this section to a spouse shall include a former spouse.

34 The combined effect of these provisions is as follows:

(a) Under s 101(2) a person will be an associate of another person, _inter
alia_ , if he is that person’s spouse, or relative or relative’s spouse.

(b) Under s 101(7) a “relative” is as defined there and under s 101(8)
references to a spouse would include a former spouse.

35 Mr Kumar’s submission rested on certain agreed facts, in particular, that
for some years, the defendant had been married to Mr Lim’s niece, one Ms
Regina Sim Poh Choo. On the basis of those agreed facts, I find that:

(a) Ms Sim is a relative of Mr Lim by virtue of s 101(7) of the Bankruptcy
Act;

(b) the defendant was Ms Sim’s spouse by virtue of s 101(8) of the Bankruptcy
Act since a reference to a spouse includes a former spouse; and

(c) the defendant was therefore the spouse of Mr Lim’s relative.

36 It would follow from this that by virtue of s 101(2) of the Bankruptcy Act,
the defendant was an associate of Mr Lim and by virtue of the Regulations, he
was a person connected with the plaintiff. This is distinct from his status as
an associate by virtue of his being an employee of the plaintiff. The effect
of this therefore is to extend the period, within which transactions entered
into by the plaintiff with the defendant may be invalidated, to two years from
the onset of insolvency. As the two payments in question are within this
extended period, they are liable to be invalidated if it can be shown under s
99(4) of the Bankruptcy Act that the payments were influenced by the desire to
prefer the defendant. As to this, s 99(5) of the Bankruptcy Act applies to
raise a rebuttable presumption that this is so where the payment is made to an
associate.

**_Were the payments in question undue preferences?_**

37 I therefore turn to this issue now. I think it is pertinent at the outset
to note a couple of points that emerged from the liquidator’s evidence as well
as from the findings and observations contained in the earlier decisions to
which I have referred.

38 I have already quoted at [7] above the relevant extract from the judgment
of Ang JC in _Lek Benedict (No 2)_ ([2(a)] _supra_). What may be noted is the
following:

(a) Ang JC spoke of money being paid by the company (_ie_ , the plaintiff
before me) to Lek and Lim and the defendant who then paid it to a company they
owned, known as Axum Marketing Pte Ltd (“Axum”), which then paid it to the
plaintiff to reduce the outstandings Axum owed to the plaintiff;

(b) In that context, Ang JC noted that the money went full circle and thought
it might be suggestive of an undue preference; and

(c) Ang JC himself noted that he was making no finding on this as that issue
was not before him.

39 The issue was then raised before Lai J in _Amrae Benchuan_ ([2(e)] _supra_)
in connection with a suit brought against Lek and Lim but not including the
present defendant. Lai J found that where Lek and Lim had transferred stock
worth $419,435.93 from the plaintiff to Axum without payment, they had no
basis for doing so. The learned judge was satisfied that this was an undue
preference and avoided it under the Act.

40 However, in relation to cash payments paid by the company to Lek and Lim,
Lai J came to a different conclusion. There were two classes of such payments.
The first was a series of payments amounting to $24,000 and $6,000 which were
repayments of loans extended by Lek and Lim respectively to the plaintiff
company. Lai J found that these repayments were _not_ undue preferences
because they had been made for the purpose of enabling these two persons to
lend the money back to Axum and for Axum to pay the plaintiff for the supply
of crystal. This was the series of transactions described by Ang JC as
circular. This was how Lai J expressed her conclusion on these payments at
[79] and [90] of her judgment:

I then ask a pertinent question. Why did the defendants take moneys owed to
them out of the Company? It was to lend to Axum so that Axum could pay the
Company for the supply of crystal and for the Company in turn to pay Niklex.
This was the finding in the third suit by Ang JC, who found that the money
simply went one full circle (see [21]). It is clear therefore that the
defendants did not benefit personally from their actions; they did not pocket
the money from the Company.

As for the withdrawals of $24,000 and $6,000 by the first and second
defendants [Lek and Lim] respectively from the Company’s funds, these were
originally loans they extended to the Company. The defendants made the
withdrawals in order to lend the money in turn to Axum. … I do not find that
these withdrawals were done with a desire to improve the defendants’ position
as creditors in the event of an insolvent liquidation of the Company.

41 The key point is this: Lai J found that Lek and Lim had caused the
plaintiff to repay them not out of a desire to improve their position as
creditors in the event of an insolvent liquidation but because they wanted
Axum to be able to pay the plaintiff for crystal that it supplied (see [79],
[83]–[84] and [90] of _Amrae Benchuan_).

42 The second series of loan repayments that Lai J dealt with in _Amrae
Benchuan_ were moneys that Lek and Lim claimed they had to repay to others
from whom they had earlier borrowed in order to assist the plaintiff. In other
words, these were not channelled back to the plaintiff through Axum. Lai J did
not accept the contentions of Lek and Lim in respect of these payments (see
_Amrae Benchuan_ at [91]).

43 When the liquidator took the stand before me, I asked him to explain why
the case of the defendant in the present case was not the same as that of Lek
and Lim in relation to the money that they had paid to Axum, which in turn had
then paid the money back to the plaintiff. These were the payments that Lai J
had found were not undue preferences. In that light and given her observations
in that case, I wanted to understand whether and, if so, how the liquidator
had reassessed the position. The liquidator testified that he thought the case
of the defendant before me was materially different, in that in the case
before Lai J, she had found that the money had not gone into the pockets of
Lek and Lim whereas, he suggested that in the present case, the money was
repaid to the defendant.[note: 1]

44 I was then disturbed when the defendant himself cross-examined the
liquidator and quickly established that the defendant, in common with Lek and
Lim, had paid the money that had been repaid to him by the plaintiff, over to
Axum, which then went back to the plaintiff _and_ that the liquidator in fact
knew this was so.[note: 2] It was plain therefore that the defendant’s case
was on all fours with that part of the case against Lek and Lim in respect of
which the liquidator had failed before Lai J in _Amrae Benchuan_. Although
that does not bind me, I think the outcome there should at the very least have
caused the liquidator to assess its implications on the present case. Of
greater concern were the liquidator’s untenable responses to the questions I
had asked him. In the light of the points I have already registered at [9] to
[13] above, this left me with a sense of disquiet as to whether he had
sufficiently considered what should properly drive the conduct of the
liquidation.

45 Against that background, I turn to the law. I begin with a passage from the
judgment of Kan Ting Chiu J in _Re Libra Industries Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 84
(“ _Re Libra_ ”). The facts of the case are not material for present purposes
but in considering the application of s 329 of the Act to the avoidance of
undue preferences, Kan J followed the decision of Millett J in the English
case of _Re MC Bacon Ltd_ [1990] BCLC 324. Kan J noted as follows at [36] to
[37]:

Section 99 which was enacted in 1995 is similar to s 239 of the Insolvency Act
1986 of the United Kingdom. The provisions introduced changes to the
insolvency law of both territories. The changes were discussed in _Re MC Bacon
Ltd_ [1990] BCLC 324 by Millett J with admirable clarity.

He identified two significant departures from the old law. The first is that
‘(i)t is no longer necessary to establish a _dominant_ intention to prefer. It
is sufficient that the decision was _influenced_ by the requisite desire.’ The
second departure is that ‘it is no longer sufficient to establish an
_intention_ to prefer. There must be a _desire_ to produce the effect.’

46 Kan J then cited the following passage from _Re MC Bacon Ltd_ (at 335–336):

A man is taken to intend the necessary consequences of his actions, so that an
intention to grant a security to a creditor necessarily involves an intention
to prefer that creditor in the event of insolvency. The need to establish that
such intention was dominant was essential under the old law to prevent
perfectly proper transactions from being struck down. With the abolition of
that requirement intention could not remain the relevant test. Desire has been
substituted. That is a very different matter. Intention is objective, desire
is subjective. A man can choose the lesser of two evils without desiring
either.

It is not, however, sufficient to establish a desire to make the payment or
grant the security which it is sought to avoid. There must have been a desire
to produce the effect mentioned in the subsection, that is to say, to improve
the creditor’s position in the event of an insolvent liquidation. … Under the
new regime a transaction will not be set aside as a voidable preference unless
the company positively wished to improve the creditor’s position in the event
of its own insolvent liquidation.

There is, of course, no need for there to be direct evidence of the requisite
desire. Its existence may be inferred from the circumstances of the case just
as the dominant intention could be inferred under the old law. But the mere
presence of the requisite desire will not be sufficient by itself. It must
have influenced the decision to enter into the transaction.

47 Both these decisions were followed by Lai J in _Amrae Benchuan_ (see at
[81] of her judgment).

48 There is a further aspect to be considered: When dealing with payments to
associates, which give rise to a rebuttable presumption that the payment was
influenced by the relevant desire, what is the approach to be taken in
determining whether that presumption has been rebutted? On this, I have found
assistance in two earlier decisions of this court. Firstly, Kan J in _Re
Libra_ , which I have already referred to, did touch on this. Kan J followed
the decision of Lloyd J in _Wills v Corfe Joinery Ltd_ [1998] 2 BCLC 75 (“
_Wills_ ”) and held at [42] to [45] and [50] to [51] of his judgment that:

(a) the burden fell on the recipient of the payment to rebut the presumption
that the payment was influenced by the relevant desire; and

(b) in this regard, the court should look at all the relevant circumstances in
order to determine whether there was sufficient evidence to conclude on a
balance of probabilities that the payment was influenced by the relevant
desire.

49 On the facts before him, Kan J noted as follows at [48] to [50]:

In the light of the explanation and the payments, I accept that there was an
established practice for Libra Industries to make payments into the account
with Libra Holding without reference to specific invoices, and that the
payments listed in the table were made in accordance with that practice. The
reason for payment absent in _Wills’_ case is present here.

There is another distinguishing feature from that case. Libra Holdings was not
repaid in full while other creditors were neglected. Over the period January
1995 to February 1997, Libra Industries paid $3,970,538 to Libra Holdings and
$5,691,874 to 310 other creditors. After those payments were made, $153,421
was owing to Libra Holdings and $2,061,435 was owing to the other creditors.

I took all these matters into consideration. Evidently, not every creditor was
treated with perfect equality by Libra Industries. A company in its normal
course of business may not treat all creditors equally for various reasons, eg
the degree of goodwill with the creditor, the size of the debt, the need to
continue trading with the creditor. This will hold true even when the company
is in financial difficulty. In determining whether a payment is voidable for
being preferential, Millett J’s observations on the difference between desire
and intention are instructive, and the former must be present.

50 A very similar approach was taken by Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) in
_Soh Gim Chuan v Koh Hai Keong_ [2002] 4 SLR 212 where he noted as follows at
[9]–[10], again in the context of a case where the presumption had been
raised:

In determining whether there was unfair preference the direct object of the
court is to ascertain whether the bankrupt had been influenced by a desire to
put the payee in a better position than he would have been, in the event of
the bankrupt becoming a bankrupt. This exercise naturally involves a finding
of fact to a large extent and thus would vary from case to case. For instance,
the case cited before me, _Re Libra Industries (in compulsory liquidation)_
[2001] 1 SLR 84 turned on its own facts, so different that I need not
elaborate here. See also _Re MC Bacon_ [1990] BCLC 324 in which [Millett J]
emphasised that it is not sufficient merely to ‘establish a desire to make
payment or grant the security which it sought to avoid’. Otherwise, every
payment in itself, other than perhaps, a payment under mistake, becomes an
unfair preference.

The act or the payment within the two years or six months prior to the
bankruptcy by itself is of little significance otherwise every payment even to
the bankrupt’s grocer will, by the receipt of payment alone, be counted as an
unfair preference. I now revert to the appellant’s main point, that the
respondents had not rebutted the presumption. ... From the evidence of the two
respondents I accept that the payments were genuine payments of legal fees.
There is nothing to indicate otherwise. Although counsel examining Mr Gwee did
not challenge the size of the bills, I am of the view that on a broad scan,
based on the nature of the suit in the High Court, the legal fees did not
appear in any way excessive such that the intention of the payor to pay his
solicitors in the ordinary course of business, can reasonably be doubted. From
the evidence available on record, it would not be wrong for the assistant
registrar to accept the payments as having being made in the ordinary course
of business. As I have stated, every case turns on its own facts. In this
case, I am of the view that by the nature of the payments in question, the
evidence on record was sufficient to rebut the presumption of unfair
preference.

51 In my judgment, in the light of the authorities, the following propositions
may be advanced when considering whether a transaction may be successfully
challenged as an undue preference:

(a) A person is taken to intend the natural consequences of his action. As
every payment or grant of security potentially has the effect of preferring
the payee or the grantee in the event of the paying company’s subsequent
insolvency, something more has to be shown. Otherwise, the question of
preference would be determined in every case simply by undertaking an
objective inquiry into whether in effect there had been a preference.

(b) The legislation in its previous form provided that what had to be shown
was that the achievement of the preference was the predominant intention. That
is no longer the case. What needs to be shown under the law as it now stands
is that the payment was influenced by the desire to improve the creditor’s
position in the event of an insolvent liquidation.

(c) The analysis is to be undertaken by reference to the time of the impugned
transaction: see _Wills_ ([49] _supra_).

(d) Where the challenged transaction involves an associate, there is a
rebuttable presumption that the company entered into that transaction under
the influence of the relevant desire. In such a case, the court will examine
all the facts, and determine whether on a balance of probabilities the
presumption had been rebutted.

52 A transaction will therefore not be set aside unless the court is satisfied
that at the time of the transaction the company was influenced by the desire
to improve the creditor’s position in the event of its own insolvent
liquidation.

53 I turn to consider the evidence in the case before me in the light of the
foregoing principles. When the liquidator took the stand, I did seek his
assistance on why he believed that such indeed was the operative desire of the
company and his evidence came down to this: Because the payments made to the
defendant had the effect of preferring him when the company later went into
liquidation, I should infer that the payments were made under the influence of
the desire to prefer the defendant over the other creditors of the company.

54 But for the statutory presumption, I am satisfied this would have been a
non-starter. Otherwise, as I have already noted, the inquiry in each case
would be directed at the simple objective question: Did the transaction have
the effect of preferring the payee? Yet the authorities establish that this is
simply not sufficient. Instead, the inquiry is directed at whether the
transaction was influenced by a particular desire.

55 Mr Kumar submitted that I should also have regard to the following facts:

(a) the defendant, together with Lek and Lim, was carrying on a competing
business through Axum and some other companies;

(b) they had stopped paying Niklex in July 2001 and so at the time the payment
was made to the defendant some two months later in September 2001, they must
have expected that Niklex would take steps to liquidate the plaintiff in the
light of the large amount that it was owed; and

(c) therefore they had already decided to pull the plug on the plaintiff.

56 I think it is important first to reiterate that in assessing the
probabilities, whatever inferences are drawn must be drawn from the
perspective of the facts known at the time of the transaction. It would be
wrong to undertake a hindsight evaluation. At the time of the transaction in
September 2001, I do not see how I can find that Lek and Lim (and the
defendant for that matter) knew or expected that the company would inevitably
be wound up imminently. As I pointed out to Mr Kumar in the course of
arguments, it was just a little less than two years before a petition for the
winding up of the plaintiff was in fact presented. This points away from the
probability that those making the payment were doing so with the relevant
desire.

57 More importantly, the fact that Lek and Lim in common with the defendant
pumped substantial sums of money into Axum, and then back to the plaintiff,
suggests they were operating under the opposite assumption. I say this because
if at that time they believed the plaintiff was heading for insolvency
imminently, it would not have made sense for them, once they had been repaid
by the plaintiff, to then have pumped the money first to Axum and then back to
the plaintiff. This again points away from the probability that the payments
were made under the relevant desire.

58 Further, as was the case in _Re Libra_ ([45] _supra_), it is not the
position here that other creditors were being ignored. The payments that were
challenged here are to be seen in the context of the fact that a sum of
$720,000 was apparently paid by the plaintiff to Niklex until July 2001, as
was accepted by the liquidator when he took the stand.

59 Finally, I note that in the identical context in relation to Lek and Lim,
Lai J in _Amrae Benchuan_ ([2(e)] _supra_), having heard the evidence of the
very people who caused the company to make these payments to themselves and to
the defendant, and who also were persons connected with the plaintiff company,
was satisfied that the payments to them were not made under the influence of
the relevant desire. That finding binds the liquidator who was party to that
suit, in so far as those payments to Lek and Lim are concerned. That does not
bind me in so far as the present defendant is concerned, but it would be
perverse, in the light of that finding which was not appealed against by the
liquidator, to come to a different conclusion, given that:

(a) the payments to the defendant were more or less contemporaneous with like
payments to Lek and Lim;

(b) the circumstances of the payments to the defendant were identical to those
of the payments to Lek and Lim and all of these payments were channelled back
to the plaintiff;

(c) no other evidence was tendered before me that suggested any difference
between these payments;

(d) given Mr Kumar’s submission at [55] above, the logical inference appeared
to be that there was no basis to conclude that the payments to the defendant
should be viewed differently from the corresponding ones to Lek and Lim; and

(e) the sole basis for the liquidator’s submission that I should come to a
different conclusion was the fact that the payment in question had the effect
of preferring the defendant, but this takes him no further than the
presumption which also applied in the case of Lek and Lim but was found to
have been rebutted.

60 In my judgment, looking at the totality of the facts and circumstances, the
presumption has been adequately rebutted and I therefore find that the
plaintiff has failed to discharge the burden of showing that the payments
constitute an unfair preference.

61 I accordingly dismiss the action with costs. I should explain that I
considered it appropriate to make an order for costs in favour of the
defendant, even though he appeared before me in person, because he had been
represented by solicitors through most of the litigation until just prior to
the commencement of the trial.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See Transcript Day 2 p 25 line 8–9 and p 26 line 6–8).

[note: 2] See Transcript Day 2 p 29 line 30 – p 30 line 2).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

