Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Leong Siew Chor v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGCA 38

Case Number | : | Cr App 3/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; V K Rajah J; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (Harry Elias Partnership) for the appellant; Lau Wing Yum and Christina Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Leong Siew Chor — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Whether
further investigation statements inadmissible if breach of Art 9(3) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of Fact – Assessment of
witness' veracity and credibility – Whether appellate court should disturb
findings of fact based on witness' veracity and credibility  
  

6 October 2006

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The appellant was convicted for the murder of Liu Hong Mei (“Liu”) and was
duly sentenced to suffer death. The facts found by the trial judge and upon
which he convicted the appellant were as follows. The appellant, aged 51, was
a factory supervisor earning $3,743 a month at a company called Agere Systems
Singapore Pte Ltd (“Agere”). He was married with three grown-up children. He
lived with his wife and two of his children in the flat known as Block 114,
Lorong 3 Geylang, #09-53. One of the children was at the time staying in
hostel. He became intimate with a production worker, Liu, in his team at
Agere. Liu was 22 years old and came from the People’s Republic of China to
work in Singapore. Her last drawn pay was $1,400.60. The appellant worked in
the night shift from 7.00pm to 7.00am the following day on a permanent basis
and was Liu’s immediate supervisor. Liu was promoted and given a pay rise in
June 2004 on the recommendation of the appellant. It was also about this time
that she became intimate with the appellant. However, they became discreet
after an anonymous complaint was made that resulted in a warning being given
to them by the management.

2 About a year later, on 13 June 2005, the appellant and Liu checked into
Hotel 81 Gold in Geylang for a sexual tryst. While Liu was having her shower
later on, the appellant searched her bag for a comb in the course of which he
found Liu’s bank Automated Teller Machine (“ATM”) card, and he stole it from
her. It was also undisputed that he knew Liu’s personal identification number
that was required to activate any transaction using the card. The couple
checked out of the hotel at 3.00pm. From 5.00pm onwards, the accused proceeded
to make a number of attempts to withdraw money from Liu’s bank account. The
appellant put on a baseball cap and cycled to ATMs variously at Tanjong Katong
Complex, Joo Chiat Complex, Haig Road and Beach Road on 13 June 2005, and to
Haig Road again on 14 June 2005, to withdraw money from Liu’s account. The
baseball cap prevented the appellant from being identified by the face. Three
of those attempts were successful and he withdrew a total of $2,071.40. The
appellant also purchased some sundry goods on 13 June 2005 using Liu’s ATM
card.

3 On 14 June 2005, Liu discovered that her card was missing and telephoned the
appellant to tell him about it. She went to the police to lodge a report later
that evening when she discovered that unauthorised withdrawals had been made
from her account. The police advised her to notify her bank and to ask that
the bank gave her footage from the closed circuit television cameras covering
the ATMs for viewing. She did that and then telephoned the appellant to tell
him so. The next morning, 15 June 2005, the appellant asked Liu to go to his
flat. His wife and eldest child were in Thailand on holiday, and the youngest
child was out and was not to return until 6.00pm that day. The second child
was at the hostel; hence, there was no one home for the greater part of the
day. Liu had never been to the appellant’s flat before. Sometime that morning,
the appellant strangled Liu to death with a towel. He then took her body to
the toilet in the kitchen and proceeded to dismember it. Thereafter, he
wrapped the parts in newspapers and put them into plastic bags and cardboard
boxes. He then disposed of the bags and boxes at various locations. It was the
discovery of one of these bags by a public cleaner at the Kallang River that
led to the swift identification of the body and detention of the appellant in
the evening of 16 June 2005 for questioning. The appellant was charged on 17
June 2005. Eventually, all the bags were recovered save for the one containing
Liu’s feet. Forensic evidence was led to show that all the different parts
belonged to the body of Liu Hong Mei. No defensive injuries were found on her,
and Dr Cuthbert Teo, a forensic pathologist, testified that he could not
ascertain the cause of death because of the dismemberment of the body and the
decomposed head (that was the last piece to be found). He was of the opinion
that the absence of defensive injuries could be attributed to the victim being
taken by surprise, or to a mismatch in size between the attacker and victim,
or that the victim consented to being strangled. At 4.40am on 17 June 2005,
the appellant gave a statement to the police that was to be the basis of his
defence. The relevant part of that statement as set out by the trial judge in
the grounds of his decision (_PP v Leong Siew Chor_ [2006] 3 SLR 290) at [32]
is as follows:

… She came to my house alone around 9 something to 10am. We spent our time
together when she came. There was no sexual activity. There was no one else at
home at that time. We then talked about our relationship. Sometime at about
11am, she proposed to me that, I leave my family and follow her back to China.
I told her that I cannot leave my family. My family have not done anything
wrong. I told her that for my age it is quite difficult to start a new life in
China. It is going to be something new to me, new place and new environment.
She told me that we can stay somewhere far from her hometown and she is
willing to support me. I was reluctant and worry. She proposed to me that we
die together. I told her that I dared not. I asked her if she is joking. She
suggested that she ‘go’ first to show her sincerity. She made me promise to
follow her after she ‘go’. I took a towel from my room and wrapped it around
her neck. At that time she was sitting on my bed facing the door. I pulled
both ends of the towels [_sic_] with my hands. I was facing her when I pulled
both ends of the towel. As I pulled both ends of the towel, I observed her
face, I asked her if she was OK. She told me a bit pain. She said, OK,
can…can.. I applied more force. I then did not let go. Her face turned blue.
Not so nice already. When I looked at her face turned blue, I dare not do to
myself. I gave empty promise. She did not struggle at all. She let me do. When
I realized she died already, I think how to settle and handle this. …

4 The appellant was formally arrested at 5.55am that same morning and charged
with the murder of Liu. A statement under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) was recorded from him. This is commonly known as
the “cautioned statement” in that the accused person would be asked to state
the facts that he wishes to rely on in his defence and that should he not so
do, his defence may be less likely to be believed at trial. Consequently, the
appellant made the following statement:

From the 1st proposal from [Liu] that we cannot come to the conclusion, she
suggest that we die together. To show her sincerity, she was willing to die
first. However, she told me to ensure I must following her to “go”. When I
started kill her by using a towel on her neck, she only felt a little pain,
but ask to go ahead. Since then I apply more force till she really no more
breathing. However, when I look at the face turn blue and so ugly, I dare not
do the same to myself but just think how to dispose her body, so I cut her
into pieces and clear from my house.

The appellant was taken back to his flat at Geylang later that evening and
there a further statement was recorded from him. The trial judge had set out
the relevant portions at [34] of his grounds of decision as follows:

After she came inside the house, I showed her around my house because this is
the first time she came here. She was wearing a white long sleeve blouse
tucked out and blue faded jeans. I cannot recall how long later, but we talked
in my room (master bedroom), while sitting on the bed. We had disagreement
about me going back to China with her for good. At this age, I just couldn’t
leave my family. [Liu] brought up the subject about dying together and show
her sincerity, she will die first and I have to follow suit. Just then, I saw
my towel and I used it to strangle her. I was sitting at the corner of the bed
nearest to the door. [Liu] was sitting on my left. I held the towel at both
ends and looped it on the back of her neck. I then crossed the towel and
pulled at both ends. She then lie down on her back and I continued to strangle
her until she stop breathing about 10 to 15 minutes later. After seeing her
state, I decided not to do on myself. Immediately, I thought of ideas to
dispose the body. I was in a state of panic. …

All these statements, if accepted by the court, would have brought the
appellant within Exception 5 of s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
which provides as follows:

Culpable homicide is not murder when the person whose death is caused, being
above the age of 18 years, suffers death or takes the risk of death with his
own consent.

The appellant made two more statements, one on 21 June 2005 and another on 25
June 2005. These statements were admitted into evidence without challenge from
the appellant. However, a statement recorded on 26 June 2005 was challenged by
the appellant on the ground that it was not a voluntary statement because it
was induced from him by a promise from the investigating officer that he would
reduce the charge to a non-capital charge if the accused agreed to change two
parts of his previous statements, namely, to now say that he (the appellant)
was the one who suggested the suicide pact, and that he should delete the part
about the idea of going to live with Liu in China. A _voir dire_ was conducted
and after which the trial judge was satisfied that the statement was a
voluntary one, and so admitted it into evidence.

5 More statements were recorded from the accused on 28 June 2005, 30 June
2005, and 3 July 2005. These statements were not challenged by the accused
including the one of 30 June 2005 in which he affirmed that his statement of
26 June 2005 was correct and accurate. The appellant challenged the
admissibility of the statement of 26 June 2005 because in it, he contradicted
himself and the basis for his Exception 5 defence when he stated:

So when I was in the bedroom on the bed with her, I needed to know how much
she loved me. I also needed to find out whether she would die for me. So I
asked her why she loves me. She replied that I was a good husband, a good
father, I took care of my family and she was happy being with me. From her
answers, I could sense that more or less, maybe she might die for me. That was
when I continued with my next question and told [Liu] “ _Bu ran, wo man yi zhi
shi_ ” (spoken Mandarin, meaning “Or else, why don’t we die together”). I know
that I dare not kill myself neither was I going to kill myself. I just wanted
to hear whether [Liu] was willing to die for me. So since I asked her the
question and she did not say ‘no’, I took it that she was willing to die
together with me. However, Liu Hong Mei does not know my intention was
actually for her to die and not we die together. Knowing the fact that she was
willing to die for me, I know that she will not struggle or fight me when I
decided to kill her. I actually have not even thought of the method to kill
her, like I said, I just wanted to find out how she feels about it first.

The appellant also stated in the first part of his statement of 26 June 2005
that Liu had given her ATM card to him and had freely told him her personal
identification number so that he could withdraw $2,000 from her account for
her. His statements to Dr Stephen Phang were consistent with the second part
of his 26 June 2005 statement, which was inconsistent with his first part, and
he thus repudiated the second part as well as his statements to Dr Phang. His
evidence at trial was that he was told by the investigating officer to be
consistent with the second part of his 26 June 2005 statement since his
earlier statements were so incredible that no one would believe them.

6 The appellant’s testimony in the witness stand was the same as that stated
in his statements to the police made prior to 26 June 2005, _ie_ , that he had
made a suicide pact with Liu, but after killing her, he was unable to go
through with his part of the agreement. The trial judge rightly summed up the
burden on the appellant, when relying on the defence under Exception 5, to
prove on a balance of probabilities, Liu’s “express and … unsolicited” consent
to be killed and that the “alleged suicide pact existed before and right up to
the time of the killing” ([3] _supra_ at [94] and [95]). The trial judge
disbelieved the appellant’s evidence that Liu made a suicide pact with him.
Accordingly, the defence under Exception 5 failed, and the appellant was
convicted of murder. The appellant appealed against this conviction.

7 In the appeal before us, Mr Subhas Anandan, counsel for the appellant,
conceded that the appellant had taken Liu’s ATM card and made the unauthorised
withdrawals as stated at [2] above. He said that the appellant wished to
confess to Liu at his flat on 15 June 2005, but before he could do so, Liu and
he engaged in a discussion about their future together. She wanted the
appellant to go back to China with her, but the appellant was torn between her
and his family and ultimately rejected Liu’s proposal. Counsel submitted that
Liu then suggested that the two commit suicide together, and as a sign of her
sincerity, offered to die first. The appellant agreed that their joint suicide
would be “the best solution to their fate as star-crossed lovers”. He then
killed her by strangling her with a towel but lost his nerve before he could
kill himself. Counsel’s basis for this appeal was that the trial judge erred
in admitting the statement of 26 June 2006. At the trial, counsel had argued
that this statement should not be admitted because the appellant was induced
to make it by the investigating officer and, further, that the appellant’s
constitutional right of access to counsel under Art 9(3) of the Constitution
of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) had been breached. Article 9(3)
provides that, “Where a person is arrested, he shall be informed as soon as
may be of the grounds of his arrest and shall be allowed to consult and be
defended by a legal practitioner of his choice.” The trial judge did not
accept Mr Subhas’s argument that Art 9(3) had been breached. Consequently,
counsel invited this court to review the judge’s decision. His arguments
before us were the same as that submitted before the trial judge.

8 In his argument here and below, counsel relied on _Jasbir Singh v PP_ [1994]
2 SLR 18 (“ _Jasbir_ ”) and an earlier authority _Lee Mau Seng v Minister for
Home Affairs, Singapore_ [1969–1971] SLR 508 and accepted that these
authorities have held that “the right to counsel is not an immediate one but
one that would be granted within a reasonable time after the accused is
arrested”. His real argument was that by the time the 26 June 2005 statement
was recorded from the appellant, he had not been given access to counsel. (The
appellant was given access to counsel on 7 July 2005, but the alleged damage
was already done by his making of the 26 June 2005 statement). Narrowing
counsel’s arguments further, it was held in _Jasbir_ that it was not
unreasonable to deny access to counsel for 14 days if the police had not
completed its investigations. In the present case, the 26 June 2005 statement
was made on the ninth day. Hence, Mr Subhas sought to distinguish the context
between _Jasbir_ and the present case. In this case, counsel argued that once
an application was made to the subordinate court on 24 June 2005 (as was the
case) then any further denial of a right to counsel would be unreasonable.
Secondly, counsel argued that because speedy access to counsel was granted in
two previous cases it ought to have been granted in the case of this
appellant. Counsel had accepted, and even advocated, that every such case must
be treated on its own facts. On this point we agree with him and, therefore,
found it unnecessary to dwell on this second argument.

9 We revert to Mr Subhas’s first argument that on the present facts, it was
unreasonable to deny the appellant a right to counsel. Contrary to counsel’s
submission, we are of the view that the fact that an accused had been fully
co-operative with the police in the course of its investigations is, by
itself, no basis for granting access, and more might be said on either side of
such an argument. Neither do we see any crucial distinction between _Jasbir_
and the present case. The application in _Jasbir_ for access before the
recording of the cautioned statement as opposed to the recording of a further
investigation statement in the present case, without more, has no impact on
the question of access. And more, indeed, is required, for a comparison of the
two situations which cannot be adequately considered without arguments as to
the role each of those statements play, and the effect of remaining silent in
each case. It is not enough merely to say that this accused was denied access
to counsel on the grounds given in this case. Counsel was inviting this court
to make an important ruling on a constitutional point without sufficient
material in law and evidence to sustain any cogent question of law. It may be
that the police ought not deny a right to counsel in the narrow form of
receiving advice on the right to remain silent, to the broadest form possible,
but this is not the case to advance any such argument. It is too thinly
supported on the facts; this is not the right case for the points of law
alluded to. Perhaps counsel sensed that a major legal point needed to be
expounded by this court, but unless the issues arise clearly from the
evidence, and are fully argued, this court would not engage in issues of
purely academic interest – that is not the function of this, or any court. The
court’s duty is not only to protect the rights of the accused, it has an
equally strong duty to protect the rights of the public and the state.

10 Shorn of the issues that await to be decided elsewhere, this was, in
effect, an appeal against a finding of fact by the trial judge that the
statement of 26 June 2005 was wrongly admitted. In this regard, the trial
judge rejected the contention that the appellant was induced to change his
statement to the form in the 26 June 2005 version. He did so after considering
the testimonies of the investigating officer and the appellant, and was
satisfied that no such inducement was made. Without more, there is no basis
for this court to say that the judge was wrong. It was his judgment, formed
from evaluating the voice of accusation and the voice of denial. The appeal
court has the transcript of the evidence, but the trial judge has more. He has
the facial expressions and body movements, the nuances, the timing, and the
direct view of how the evidence was being adduced. All that is as important as
the silence between musical notes – that silence is part of the music.
Irrespective of how many statements had been recorded or how many of such
statements were contradictory, or incriminating, the ultimate test is the
performance of the accused person in the witness stand. If he can explain the
contradictions and the incriminating parts, and convinces the trial judge to
accept his oral testimony, then the statements would be inconsequential. The
appellant failed to achieve that in this case. The arguments presented before
us did not indicate any reason why we ought to interfere in any of the
findings of the judge below.

11 The entire case depended on whether the appellant could persuade the judge
on a balance of probabilities (since he was relying on a specific statutory
defence) that Liu and he had made a suicide pact, pursuant to which he killed
her. The judge recounted the various instances and evidence that pointed to
the implausibility of such a story and rejected it. The court did not find any
indication that Liu was depressed enough to want to kill herself, or that
there was any reason why she would have brought up the idea of asking the
appellant to go to China. All that coincided with the appellant having been
told by Liu that she was going to the bank to help identify the person who
stole her money. By all accounts, the way the suicide pact was made seemed
most unlikely. Having asked if she would die for him, and claiming that she
said she would, he promptly went ahead. There was no reconsideration, no
discussion as to when they should do it, no discussion about getting their
affairs in order – especially for the appellant who claimed to love his family
so dearly; which was another point as to whether he had even thought of
joining Liu in death at all. If not, there can be no pact at all, and it
appears quite clearly that the trial judge did not believe that the appellant
had any such intention. The trial judge did not believe that Liu had formed
any intention of dying – whether by herself or with the appellant. Reviewing
the evidence, even if only in print, and even disregarding the 26 June 2005
statement of the appellant, we would agree entirely with the trial judge’s
conclusions. Mr Subhas asked why should the more innocuous interpretation not
be given to his client’s story. We need answer that by reminding him that the
burden in the specific instance was on his client once the fact of his killing
Liu with a towel was not disputed. It was a burden that required him to make
credible the many parts of an unusual and unlikely story; and he had also to
convince the court that killing Liu to prevent the discovery of his theft of
her money was not the motive for the crime. Counsel asked why anyone would
commit a more onerous crime just to cover up a lesser one. The record shows
that even that question did not escape the trial judge’s consideration when he
asked ([3] _supra_ at [102]), “Why did the [appellant] kill his lover?” The
learned judge concluded that the appellant felt he had too much to lose if Liu
had gone to the bank and the thief’s identity was subsequently revealed. So it
was perhaps a mix of various factors, the thought of immediate safety coupled
with a belief that he could get away with it. These are matters that the court
process leaves to the trial judge. It is a matter for his judgment whether the
question such as that posed by Mr Subhas sufficiently affects the verdict.

12 Accordingly, for the reasons above, we unanimously dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

