Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Progen Engineering Pte Ltd v Winter Engineering (S) Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 224

Case Number | : | OM 17/2005, SUM 1652/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Fong, Lynette Chew and Navin Lobo (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiff; Leslie Phua (Phua Wai Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Progen Engineering Pte Ltd — Winter Engineering (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Arbitral tribunal – Fees – Whether arbitrator can unilaterally
fix own fees – Whether fixing of own fees by arbitrator constituted proper
reason for plaintiff's delay in appealing award  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Whether leave should be given to appeal
judge's decision not to allow reconsideration of remaining issues by
arbitrator despite plaintiff's delay  
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time – Whether extension of time should be
granted to file and serve originating motion to appeal against arbitrator's
decision  
  

8 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 The plaintiff was the subcontractor for the air-conditioning and mechanical
ventilation works in the construction of the Tuas Checkpoint Project (“the
Project”). In September 1996, the plaintiff in turn further sub-contracted to
the defendant the supply and installation of the entire ductwork system for
the Project (“the sub-contract”). Disputes in the implementation of the sub-
contract surfaced and as a result the defendant terminated the sub-contract on
27 February 1998.

2 In January 1999 the plaintiff and the defendant referred their disputes to
arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
Arbitration Act”). The arbitration hearing commenced in October 1999 and only
concluded some five years later. In the course of these protracted
proceedings, a copious amount of documents, plans, technical drawings and
correspondence was tendered and scrutinised by the arbitrator. The plaintiff
was dissatisfied with the arbitration award dated 26 November 2004 (“the First
Award”) and duly filed an application on 6 April 2005 seeking leave to appeal
on numerous purported questions of law arising out of the First Award.

3 In support of its application seeking leave to appeal against the First
Award, the plaintiff relied on a montage of variegated arguments. This
included various purported failures by the arbitrator to consider relevant
facts in addition to his alleged misapplication of certain legal principles.
The plaintiff even went as far as to charge the arbitrator with professional
misconduct for his purported omission to consider relevant evidence.

4 After a careful consideration of the parties’ submissions, I remitted only
three issues (“the remitted issues”) to the arbitrator for further
consideration. The arbitrator was directed to respond by way of a reasoned
award. I had meticulously assessed the plaintiff’s arguments in relation to
the remaining issues (“the remaining issues”) and concluded that they were
unmeritorious and entirely undeserving of further reconsideration. I
nevertheless directed that the remaining issues be deferred for further
directions until such time as the arbitrator was able to deliver his decision
on the remitted issues. Such a provision was intended to embrace (as a
precaution) any potential impact on the remaining issues that might arise from
the reconsideration of the remitted issues. It is noteworthy that paragraph 5
of the terms of the remission to the arbitrator required him to consider
whether any aspect of the First Award “need … be re-addressed as a consequence
of the remission” of the remitted issues to him. This particular term was
inserted into the terms of remission at the insistence of the plaintiff. The
plaintiff did not appeal against my order and both parties duly made
submissions to the arbitrator on the remitted issues.

5 The arbitrator issued his decision on the remitted issues on 28 September
2005 (“the Second Award”). In the Second Award, he reaffirmed his original
decision on each of the remitted issues. As a condition for releasing the
Second Award, he directed that each of the parties pay a half share of his
additional professional fees. The defendant paid its half share of the fees
and obtained a copy of the Second Award on 22 December 2005. The plaintiff
however took the view that s 23(3) of the Arbitration Act precluded the
arbitrator from unilaterally fixing his fees and refused to make any payment
in order to procure a copy of the Second Award. Notwithstanding such a stance,
the plaintiff nonetheless neither referred the matter to the court for
directions nor sought a hearing before the arbitrator for a ruling on either
the appropriateness of such a condition or the quantum of his professional
fees. It is noteworthy that s 36(1) of the Arbitration Act expressly provides:

36\. — (1) If in any case an arbitrator or umpire refuses to deliver his award
except on payment of the fees demanded by him, the court may, on an
application for the purpose, order that the arbitrator or umpire shall deliver
the award to the applicant on payment into court by the applicant of the fees
demanded, and further that the fees demanded shall be taxed by the taxing
officer and that out of the money paid into court there shall be paid out to
the arbitrator or umpire by way of fees such sum as may be found reasonable on
taxation and that the balance of the money, if any, shall be paid out to the
applicant.

In short, despite a provision expressly dictating the procedure, the plaintiff
plainly evinced no real desire or intention to resolve the impasse. It
appeared to me that the plaintiff was quite content to have “stumbled” onto
what it deemed unilaterally to be a procedural _cul-de-sac_.

6 It was the defendant who subsequently took the initiative and referred the
matter to court for further directions. On 3 February 2006, I directed that
the arbitrator file a Bill of Costs to justify his remuneration and further
provided that neither party was obliged to pay any further sums to the
arbitrator pending taxation. The defendant was also directed to immediately
furnish a copy of the Second Award to the plaintiff. The defendant promptly
complied.

7 On 13 April 2006, some 70 days later, the plaintiff filed an application
seeking: (a) leave to appeal from my decision not to reconsider or allow
reconsideration of the remaining issues; and (b) a one-month extension of time
to file and serve an originating motion to appeal against the arbitrator’s
decision in respect of the Second Award.

8 I find the plaintiff’s reluctance to clarify the issue of fees with any
degree of diligence with either the arbitrator or the court troubling. No
plausible explanation has been offered by either the plaintiff or its
solicitors as to why no reasonable steps were duly taken to resolve the
impasse on the fees. Was this just another passive attempt to further delay
the resolution of the matter? It was not disputed by either party that an
application to set aside an award under both the Arbitration Act and the
applicable Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”)
must be filed within 21 days of the award being made and published to the
parties: see _Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong Co Pte Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR 609 (“ _Hong Huat_ ”) at [20]. Even assuming _arguendo_ that the
arbitrator was not entitled to demand the payment of his additional fees as a
pre-requisite to the release of the Second Award, the plaintiff should not
have stood by silently. It could have paid the requisite fee under protest,
contested the issue with the arbitrator, or immediately sought directions from
the court. It appears to me that the plaintiff was entirely apathetic and
failed to diligently resolve the procedural “impasse” with the arbitrator.

9 I am inclined to the view that even the plaintiff’s categorical refusal to
settle the arbitrator’s fees is entirely misconceived. Section 25(3) of the
Arbitration Act requires an arbitrator to whom a matter is ‘referred’ by a
judge to have his remuneration in respect of _that_ matter determined solely
by the court. This power to _refer_ is expressly conferred by s 22 of the
Arbitration Act in certain very limited instances such as the examination of
documents, scientific investigations and the settling of accounts. On the
other hand, the remitted issues in the instant scenario were _remitted_ (not
_referred_) to the arbitrator for reconsideration under an altogether
different scheme and judicial power pursuant to s 28(2) of the Arbitration
Act. An arbitrator in such a situation is not, in my view, constrained by s
25(3) of the Arbitration Act.

10 In _Hong Huat_ , the Court of Appeal determined that an award was made and
published to the parties pursuant to O 69 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court as soon
as the parties were notified by the arbitrator that the award was ready for
collection and not when the parties had actual sight of the contents of the
award. This principle, if applied literally, would mean that the 21-day period
stipulated by O 69 r 4 of the Rules of Court expired on 19 October 2005, some
three months before the plaintiff had actual sight of the Second Award. This,
the plaintiff now asserts, is neither right nor fair. I am not inclined to
show any sympathy to the plaintiff’s plea as it could quite easily have
redressed the situation by taking one or more of several measures as outlined
in [8]. It appears to me that the plaintiff’s conduct leaves much to be
desired, both in substance and in spirit. I can do no better than to adopt the
observations of the Court of Appeal in _Hong Huat_ (([8] _supra_) at [25])
when it expanded on the pragmatic policy reasons underpinning the notice rule:

… In our opinion, _the notice rule is to be preferred as it ensures prompt
action and does not depend on the will of the parties. To hold otherwise would
be inconsistent with the legislative policy underlying the reference to
arbitration, namely, the expeditious resolution of arbitrated disputes and the
need for finality_. In a case where extenuating circumstances exist, the
parties are at liberty to apply for an extension of time. Obviously, whether
extension should be granted in a particular case would have to depend on how
meritorious the grounds are. [emphasis added]

11 In _Hong Huat_ , the Court of Appeal further held that the same
discretionary considerations ought to be applied in assessing the merits of
granting leave whether it is in respect of an application appealing against an
award made outside the stipulated period or in respect of the filing of a
notice of appeal out of time. These considerations have been aptly summarised
in the following passage in _Pearson v Chan Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] SLR 212 at
[2]:

(2) The extension of time was a question of discretion. The factors the court
would consider were: (a) the length of the delay; (b) the reasons for the
delay; (c) the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing was
extended; and (d) the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the
application was granted. It was _particularly important to_ consider the
chances of the appeal succeeding as it would be a waste of time for all
concerned if time was extended when the appeal was utterly hopeless. [emphasis
added]

More recently in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General_ [2006] 2 SLR 565, the
Court of Appeal noted (at [45]):

**… _When applying these factors, the overriding consideration is that the
Rules of Court must prima facie be obeyed, with reasonable diligence being
exercised_** : see the Privy Council decision of _Thamboo_ _Ratnam v Thamboo
Cumarasamy and Cumarasamy Ariamany d/o Kumarasa_ [1965] 1 WLR 8 (“ _Ratnam v
Cumarasamy_ ”) at 12 and the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Chai Heng v
Yeo Seng Choon_ [1980-1981] SLR 381 at 382, [5]. **_This court has also
pointed out, in The Melati[2004] 4 SLR 7 at [37] that the “paramount
consideration” is the need for finality_**. It should be borne in mind, in
this regard, that the would-be appellant has already “had a trial and lost”:
see _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ , _supra_ at 12. Hence, if no appeal is filed and
served within the prescribed period (here, of one month), the successful party
is justly entitled to assume that the judgment concerned is final: see _Ong
Cheng Aik v Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd_ , _supra_ at [8]. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

12 In its written submissions to the court, the plaintiff gave only the
following bare reason for the delay in seeking leave:

The circumstances surrounding the publication of the Second Award was not
caused by the Applicant as it is clear under s 23(3) of the Arbitration Act
(Cap 10) 1985 Revised Edition that the Judge had the power to determine the
remuneration of the Arbitrator where issues were remitted to the Arbitrator
and the Arbitrator was wrong to demand payment of his fees for the Second
Award as a condition to extending a copy of the Second Award to the parties.

It further insisted adamantly in its submissions that:

The delay was not attributable to [the] Applicant as it was the Arbitrator who
insisted on payment of his fees before extending a copy of the Second Award to
the parties.

In his oral submissions, counsel for the plaintiff diffidently submitted for
the first time that the delay between 3 February 2006 and 13 April 2006 (see
above at [6] and [7]) was attributable to the time needed to review the Second
Award. I find this an astonishing submission given that the Second Award is a
rather sparsely worded 15-page document.

13 If one were to consider the date of the publication of the Second Award as
28 September 2005, the present application filed by the plaintiff would then
be some six months out of time. I am constrained to observe that the excuses
tendered by the plaintiff’s solicitors for refusing to resolve the
arbitrator’s fees are entirely unconvincing. Even if a charitable view of the
plaintiff’s intransigent conduct is taken and one assumes for the sake of
argument that the plaintiff was entitled to have sat back nonchalantly and to
have refused point-blank to pay the arbitrator his fees, the fact remains that
it has offered no plausible explanation whatsoever why it failed to promptly
file this application seeking an extension of time even after it received the
Second Award on 3 February 2006. The plaintiff only filed the application on
13 April 2006, some 70 days later (see above at [7]). This translates into a
delay of 49 days. Why did the plaintiff take such an unduly and inordinately
long period of time to determine which course of action it intended to pursue
to preserve its rights? I have no choice but to construe plaintiff’s counsel’s
attempt to attribute the delay to the time needed to review the Second Award
as an afterthought and an entirely implausible excuse. Moreover, it was an
excuse neither mentioned nor particularised in the plaintiff’s supporting
affidavit. In _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR 505 (“ _AD v AE_ ”), the Court of Appeal
described a delay of 49 days in serving a notice of appeal as “a very
substantial delay”. I respectfully agree with such an observation.

14 Turning now to the remaining discretionary factors adverted to above (at
[12]), it appears that none of them really assists the plaintiff to any
extent. As the Court of Appeal in _AD v AE_ observed (at [13]), these factors
are, in reality, merely “qualifying factors”. While I cannot say that the
plaintiff’s application for leave to appeal is entirely hopeless, I can say
without diffidence that the plaintiff has not made out a _prima facie_ case
for leave on the merits. It should also be pointed out that in matters where
the merits of the application for leave to appeal, _ie_ , here, the remaining
issues, have been reviewed by a court, then the ‘right’ to appeal to the Court
of Appeal has been severely circumscribed by s 28(7) of the Arbitration Act.
All said and done, while the prospects of an appeal succeeding on the
remaining issues are not hopeless they are nevertheless somewhat remote. I
accept that the question of prejudice in the circumstances of this case is not
in issue since the defendant has not adduced any positive evidence pointing to
prejudice having accrued. This factor must nevertheless be evaluated against
the backdrop of arbitration proceedings that both parties had consented to
from the very outset. Hobhouse J observed in _International Petroleum Refining
& Supply Sdad Ltd v Elpis Finance S.A._ [1993] 2 Lloyds Rep 408 (“ _The Faith_
”) at 411:

_… But all this was to be viewed against the fundamental principle that the
parties have chosen their tribunal, that is to say, the arbitral tribunal, and
have agreed to be bound by the decision of that tribunal. They have agreed
that the award is to be final, subject always to any question of
jurisdiction._

_Courts will only interfere with the decision of arbitrators within very
carefully controlled limits. One of those limits is the time within which the
matter may be brought before the Court. If it is not brought before the Court
within the 21 days then an award made with jurisdiction becomes effectively
final for all purposes_. This applies both ways, it applies to both parties.
So, following the publication of an award, each party has to make up its mind
whether it wishes to take up the award within 21 days. In making that choice
they no doubt have regard to both their own position and that of the opposite
party. It must be always borne in mind that the purpose of an application to
the Court is that the party so applying may obtain at the end of the exercise
a different award from that which has originally been made by the arbitrators.

[emphasis added]

These observations were heartily endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Hong
Huat._ It stands to reason that any power of the court, including that to
extend timelines, should always be exercised in the context of the relevant
factual matrix.

15 I am inclined to surmise based on a holistic consideration of all the
factors that there is an insufficient basis to exercise any discretion to
extend time in favour of the plaintiff. This is a matter that has dragged on
tediously for a considerable period of time. There must be finality in
bringing closure to this long and drawn out saga.

**Conclusion**

16 While the courts have an unfettered discretion to extend time in cases
where it is just to do so, this discretion must be exercised in accordance
with the principles and policies underpinning the concept of arbitration: see,
for example, _The Faith_ ([14] _supra_) at 411; _Pioneer Shipping Ltd v BTP
Tioxide Ltd_ [1982] AC 724. It must also be emphasised that where parties
voluntarily allow the time limit to expire not marginally but _very
substantially_ , a party should not be allowed, save in exceptional
circumstances, to challenge the finality of the award. The fundamental
agreement of the parties is the same as the policy of the law, _ie_ , that an
award made with jurisdiction should be final: see _The Faith_ ([14] _supra_)
at 412.

17 It is evident that the plaintiff was quite content not to prosecute this
matter diligently as it had incurred a liability to pay a substantial sum to
the defendant pursuant to the First Award. In its attempt to challenge the
First Award it sought to raise several unmeritorious issues, _ie,_ the
remaining issues. I can only infer from the plaintiff’s conduct that it has,
since the issuance of the Second Award, employed every legal strategy
available either by omission and/or commission to deprive the defendant of the
fruits of litigation. This should no longer be tolerated or permitted.
Extensions for time to file applications for leave to appeal against an
arbitration award should be scrupulously assessed so as never to detract from
the parliamentary policy of promoting finality in arbitration awards. The
longer and more inappropriate the delay the more reluctant the courts should
be in acceding to such applications.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

