Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Inai Selasih" (ex "Geopotes X")  
[2006] SGCA 4

Case Number | : | CA 41/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jude Benny and Adam Abdur Rahim (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the appellant; N K Pillai and Liew Teck Huat (Niru and Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Action in rem –
External framework of agreement between parties for show – Whether appellant
can rely on charterparty created under external framework to show respondent
to be charterer, in possession or in control of vessel – Whether agreement
itself can show respondent to be charterer, in possession or in control of
vessel – Section 4(4) High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001
Rev Ed)  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Appellant
arresting vessel on basis of sham charterparty – Whether appellant disclosing
unusual arrangements to court in obtaining warrant of arrest – Whether
appellant acting mala fides or crassa negligentia  
  

2 February 2006

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal by Jan De Nul NV, the plaintiff/appellant, against the
decision of the High Court setting aside the _in rem_ Writ of Summons filed by
the appellant against Inai Kiara Sdn Bhd, the defendant/respondent, for
damages for the non-payment of charter hire due under an agreement relating to
the use or hire of the appellant’s dredger. The High Court had also set aside
the Warrant of Arrest issued at the instance of the appellant in the action in
respect of the respondent’s vessel, the _Inai Selasih_ , and ordered that
damages, to be assessed, be awarded to the respondent. We heard the appeal on
21 November 2005 and allowed it only to the extent that we set aside the order
as to damages made in favour of the respondent in relation to the arrest of
the _Inai Selasih_. We did not think that damages should be awarded against
the appellant. However, we affirmed the decision to set aside the Writ and the
Warrant of Arrest. We now give the reasons for our decision.

**The background**

2 The appellant, a Belgian company, ran a worldwide business in dredging and
land reclamation. The respondent, a Malaysian company, was also involved in a
similar business in its own country. From 2001, the respondent had chartered
dredgers from the appellant to undertake its projects. In 2002, the respondent
wanted to obtain a 15-year concession from the Malaysian authorities to carry
out public dredging and reclamation works in the country. However, it was a
requirement of the authorities that the dredgers to be used for the works
should be Malaysian-registered and Malaysian-owned. In order to satisfy that
requirement, the respondent entered into a special arrangement with the
appellant which was set out in a memorandum of understanding (“MOU”).

3 The preamble to the MOU and cl 3.1 stated that the parties were to associate
themselves into “an unincorporated cooperation” (“the Co-operation”) for the
deployment of two dredgers, _ie_ , the _JFJ De Nul_ and the _Vesalius_. Each
party would have an equal interest in the Co-operation. However, for the
purpose of showing to the Malaysian authorities that the requirement as to
local registration and ownership of the dredgers was satisfied, the MOU also
provided an “external framework”. In short, this external framework was only
for show. Therefore, cl 3.11 of the MOU had to provide that the Co-operation
“shall be a silent and secret cooperation”. However, it was provided under cl
13.2 that any dispute under the MOU should be resolved by arbitration in
Zurich, Switzerland, under the International Chamber of Commerce Rules of
Arbitration.

4 The external framework contemplated under the MOU was, in brief, as follows.
First, a company was to be incorporated by the respondent and a fiduciary of
the appellant in the British Virgin Islands. This was later changed to
Luxemburg (“the Luxemburg company”). It was to be a bearer share company and
99% of the bearer shares in the Luxemburg company were to be held by the
respondent and 1% by the fiduciary. Second, the respondent and the Luxemburg
company were to jointly incorporate a company in the Federal Territory of
Labuan under the Offshore Companies Act 1990 (Act No 441 of 1990) (M’sia)
(“the Labuan Company”). The Labuan company was the entity which would, in
name, own the two dredgers. The respondent would hold 51% of the shares of the
Labuan company and the Luxemburg company, 49%. Third, through some documentary
transactions, the Labuan company would become the legal owner of the dredgers.
Fourth, the Labuan company would have the dredgers registered in Malaysia and
charter the dredgers to the respondent pursuant to a charterparty.

5 This was broadly the external framework. However, eventually, only one
dredger, the _JFJ De Nul_ , was required by the respondent to carry out the
works. _JFJ De Nul_ was renamed _Inai Seroja_ by the Labuan company _._

6 What is described in [4] above, was the framework for the world to see. But
the real arrangement under the MOU was that the appellant would retain
ownership of the _Inai Seroja_. Through a series of instruments executed by
the respondent and the Labuan company, and the handing over of the
certificates in relation to the bearer shares of the Luxemburg company, the
appellant, in fact, had the control and management of the Labuan company.

7 With the external arrangement in place, the respondent was able to obtain
the concession from the Malaysian authorities to undertake public dredging and
reclamation works. The appellant alleged that by early June 2004, substantial
sums were overdue from the respondent in respect of the _Inai Seroja_. On 4
June 2004, the appellant gave notice to the respondent that it would terminate
the MOU if a sum of approximately €9.5m was not paid within 14 days. On the
same day, the Labuan company also gave notice of termination of the
charterparty if the outstanding sum of €8m due under the charterparty was not
paid. The respondent denied owing the appellant, or the Labuan company, the
sums claimed by them and instead accepted their conduct in stopping the _Inai
Seroja_ from carrying on with the works as an act in repudiatory breach of the
MOU and the charterparty respectively.

8 Consequently, on 13 July 2004, the appellant instituted the present
admiralty action against the respondent claiming, _inter alia_ , damages for
breach of the MOU and/or for the outstanding sums due for the hire of the
_Inai Seroja_. On the same day, the appellant arrested a vessel, the _Inai
Selasih_ , which was owned by the respondent, as security for an arbitration
in Switzerland. The appellant contended that the admiralty jurisdiction of the
High Court could be invoked pursuant to s 3(1)(_h_) of the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Furthermore,
it claimed that it was entitled to arrest the _Inai Selasih_ under s 4(4)(_b_)
of the Act as the respondent was liable _in personam_ to the appellant, being
the charterer of (relying on the charterparty between the Labuan company and
the respondent) or in possession of the _Inai Seroja._

9 On 5 August 2004, the assistant registrar disallowed the respondent’s
application to have the action struck out/set aside and to set aside the
Warrant of Arrest. The respondent successfully appealed against the decision.
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J held that the appellant had failed to prove that the
respondent was the charterer of or was in possession of the _Inai Seroja_ when
the cause of action arose as required under s 4(4)(_b_) of the Act because the
evidence in fact showed that the charterparty was a sham giving rise to no
rights and obligations. Thus, she set aside the Writ and the Warrant of
Arrest. She would also have set aside the Warrant of Arrest on the ground of
non-disclosure of material facts. She further ordered that there be an order
for damages against the appellant on the ground that the appellant had relied
on a document, the charterparty, which was a sham. Thus, there was evidence of
_mala fides_ on the part of the appellant.

**Issues**

10 Before us, the appellant contended that the judge erred in setting aside
the Writ and the Warrant of Arrest, and in ordering the payment of damages by
the appellant to the respondent. At this juncture, we ought to clarify that
there appeared to be a misunderstanding by the parties as to the order made by
the judge. They thought that the judge had struck out the Writ when she
intended only to set aside the Writ. This is apparent from a perusal of her
Grounds of Decision (reported at [2005] 4 SLR 1).

11 The appellant submitted that at the time the cause of action arose the
respondent was the charterer of, or was in possession or control of, the _Inai
Seroja_. There was nothing bogus about the arrangement which the appellant and
the respondent had entered into as reflected in the MOU. As regards the
question of damages, the appellant argued that it had made full disclosures of
the terms of the MOU to the court, including the internal and external
arrangements, when it obtained the Warrant of Arrest against the _Inai
Selasih_.

**Nature of the arrangement**

12 The relevant provisions of the Act read:

**3** — (1) The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court shall be as follows,
that is to say, jurisdiction to hear and determine any of the following
questions or claims:

…

(_h_) any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods
in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship;

…

[**4** —] (4) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section
3(1)(_d_) to (_q_), where —

…

(_b_) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

13 It was not in dispute that the basis of the claim of the appellant was that
the MOU related to the use or hire of the _Inai Seroja_ and that the
respondent was the charterer or in possession of the _Inai Seroja_. The judge
quite rightly pointed out that for the appellant to bring the case under ss
3(1)(_h_) and 4(4)(_b_) of the Act, the appellant must satisfy the following:

(a) that the claim arose out of an agreement relating to the use of the _Inai
Seroja_ ;

(b) that the claim arose in connection with the _Inai Seroja_ ;

(c) that the respondent was liable on the claim in the action _in personam_ ;

(d) that when the cause of action arose, the respondent was the charterer of
the _Inai Seroja_ ; and

(e) that at the time when the Writ was issued, the respondent was the
beneficial owner of the _Inai Selasih_.

14 The judge found against the appellant on point (d). She laid emphasis on
the fact that the entire external framework as set out in the MOU was only for
appearance’s sake. She said ([10] _supra_ at [21]):

[W]here the Charterparty was not intended to actually create a valid charter
of the _Inai Seroja_ as between the parties or be a basis for regulating their
relationship which remained very much under the MOU, the Charterparty being a
sham gave rise to no legal rights and obligations. That being the position, it
could not have the effect of conferring the status of charterer on [the
respondent]. Clearly, [the appellant] could not use and rely on the written
document as a basis for invoking s 4(4) of the Act for arresting the _Inai
Selasih_. So in the absence of chartering on the part of [the respondent] or
possession or control on the part of [the respondent], [the appellant] was not
entitled to assert its claim by proceeding _in rem_ against the _Inai
Selasih_. I allowed the appeal and set aside the Writ of Summons and Warrant
of Arrest since no _in rem_ claim plainly lay against [the respondent’s]
vessel, the _Inai Selasih_.

15 We agreed with the above views expressed by the judge. If we may put it
quite bluntly, this was a case where the external framework was created wholly
to conceal the true position from the Malaysian authorities. Several companies
were created purely with a view to achieving the objective of giving an
appearance of satisfying the requirement that the dredgers used for the works
were Malaysian-registered and Malaysian-owned. It was not a true charterparty
that was entered into between the Labuan company and the respondent. In this
regard cl 2 of the MOU was of special significance. It provided that:

Save insofar as expressly provided for to the contrary, any and all provisions
of this Agreement _shall take precedence over any contrary provision(s)
contained in any agreement(s) and/or document(s) of any kind whatsoever
referred to in this Agreement, entered into and/or made up pursuant to or in
relation to this Agreement and/or the object of the Cooperation._ [emphasis
added]

This clause again reinforced the basic premise of the MOU that any agreement
or document that came into being pursuant to the external arrangement was only
for show. We could not see how, in the light of this clause, it could be
argued that the charterparty was intended to have any real legal effect.

16 We noted that in _Snook v London and West Riding Investments Ltd_ [1967] 2
QB 786 at 802, Diplock LJ said that:

[F]or acts or documents to be a “sham”, with whatever legal consequences
follow from this, all the parties thereto must have a common intention that
the acts or documents are not to create the legal rights and obligations which
they give the appearance of creating.

The terms of the MOU clearly showed the parties knew exactly what they were
doing and intended.

17 In this appeal, the appellant sought to rely on what the respondent’s Head
of Division for Group Management, Mr Norazam bin Ramli (“Ramli”), said in his
affidavit to the effect that all the arrangements under the MOU were “entirely
above-board” and that there was “no dichotomy between ‘external’ and
‘internal’ positions”. It did seem strange to us as to why Ramli should make
that assertion when the MOU clearly provided for what was the real arrangement
(set out in cl 3) and what was the external framework, which was only for
show. However, the respondent’s counsel did very strenuously argue before the
assistant registrar and the judge that the charterparty was a sham. Perhaps
Ramli was concerned about potential prosecution in Malaysia and wished to
protect the respondent, and maybe, himself. Whatever might have been the
reason behind Ramli’s statement, the court was not obliged to accept it, and
should, instead, reject it, when it was plainly wrong. The parties did not
disguise anything in the MOU. They stated plainly what they had intended;
nothing was left to imagination or interpretation.

18 In any event, even if we were to take the charterparty between the Labuan
company and the respondent at its face value, the appellant could hardly have
relied on it as, in form, the owner of the dredger, _Inai Seroja_ , was not
the appellant but the Labuan company. The appellant was also not a party to
the charterparty.

19 We acknowledge that on the face of it, the appellant did not sue the
respondent pursuant to the charterparty but the MOU. The indorsement to the
Writ read:

The Plaintiffs’ claim against the Defendants who are the owners of the ship or
vessel M.V. “INAI SELASIH” EX “GEOPOTES X” (Port Klang Marine Registry
Official No. 330407) is for:

(1) Damages for breach of an agreement dated 29th  November 2002 entitled
“Memorandum of Understanding”(“MOU”) relating to the use or hire of the
Plaintiff’s vessel(s) and/or for outstanding charter hire due and payable from
the Defendants in respect of “INAI SEROJA”;

…

20 But the position became somewhat garbled when we looked at what was stated
in para 4 of its affidavit in support of the application for the issue of a
warrant of arrest against the _Inai Selasih_ :

The Plaintiffs are the owners of the vessel “**INAI SEROJA** ” which was
bareboat chartered to the Defendants pursuant to a Charterparty entered into
between Inai Kiara (L) Ltd and Inai Kiara Sdn. Bhd. (“IKSB”) on or about 28
April 2003. A copy of the Charterparty is attached at “**AR-1** ”.

21 The judge found that the MOU related to the use or hire of the _Inai
Seroja_ under s 3(1)(_h_) of the Act. Because of this finding, the appellant
contended that the judge should consequently have also found that an owner-
charterer relationship was created by the MOU. This was the crux of the
matter: what was the true nature of the arrangement set out in the MOU? Was it
a document for the hire or charter of two dredgers from the appellant to the
respondent or was it in truth a joint-venture arrangement involving the use of
two dredgers?

22 The MOU provided for the creation of an unincorporated co-operation in
which each party would have a 50% share. We will, at this juncture, set out
the provisions in the MOU which described, in some detail, how the dredgers
were to be used by the Co-operation and how payments were to be made by the
respondent to the Co-operation as well as by the appellant to the Co-
operation.

3.2 The primary object of the Cooperation shall be the deployment of the
Dredgers on dredging and/or reclamation works carried out by [the respondent]
- or by any holding, subsidiary or affiliated company of [the respondent] - in
Malaysia and/or outside Malaysia under Malaysian government funding
(hereinafter referred to as the “Work(s)”), and [the respondent] shall give
first priority to the continuous and full deployment of both Dredgers on the
Works.

3.3 …

3.4 If the Parties agree on any and all terms and conditions of any contract
for any Work on which either of the Dredgers or both (as the case may be)
is/are to be deployed, then any and all rights interests liabilities
obligations and risks and all net profits or net losses arising out of and/or
in relation to such contract or such part thereof on which either of the
Dredgers or both (as the case may be) is/are deployed, shall accrue to or be
for the account of the Cooperation.

In this event, the compensation due and payable by the Cooperation to the
Owner (as defined in Sub-Clause 4.1 (i)), to [the respondent] and to Jan De
Nul (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., shall be as set out in Appendix 2.

Any and all mutually agreed upon third party costs and expenses of the kind as
set out in Sub-Clause 5.4 shall be for the account of the Cooperation.

3.5 If the Parties fail to agree on any and all terms and conditions of any
contract for any Work on which either of the Dredgers or both (as the case may
be) is/are to be deployed, then any and all rights interests liabilities
obligations and risks and all net profits or net losses arising out of such
contract shall accrue to or be for the account of [the respondent].

In this event, [the respondent] shall charter the Dredger(s) from the
Cooperation, and the charter rate due and payable by [the respondent] to the
Cooperation, shall be the sum of (a) the compensation due and payable by the
Cooperation to the Owner, to [the respondent] and to Jan De Nul (Malaysia)
Sdn. Bhd. as per Appendix 2, and (b) any and all mutually agreed upon third
party costs and expenses of the kind as set out in Sub-Clause 5.4. [The
respondent] shall pay to the Cooperation, in Euro, such part of the charter
rate which represents the compensation due and payable by the Cooperation to
the Owner and to Jan De Nul (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.

In addition, [the respondent] shall pay to the Cooperation, for the benefit of
the Cooperation, a fee in the amount of ten per cent (10%) of the compensation
due and payable by the Cooperation to the Owner as per Appendix 2 in respect
of Depreciation and Interest.

The Cooperation and [the respondent] shall enter into a charter hire agreement
on the basis of IADC’s General Conditions of Contract and such Special
Conditions of Contract as mutually agreed upon. …

3.6 If and when, at any time during the continuance of the Cooperation and for
any reason whatsoever, either of the Dredgers or both (as the case may be)
is/are idle, … then any and all costs and expenses arising out of and/or in
relation thereto shall be for the account of the Cooperation.

In this event, the compensation due and payable by the Cooperation to the
Owner, to [the respondent] and to Jan De Nul (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., shall be as
set out in Appendix 2.

Any and all mutually agreed upon third party costs and expenses of the kind as
set out in Sub-Clause 5.4 shall be for the account of the Cooperation.

3.7 If and when, at any time during the continuance of the Cooperation and for
any reason whatsoever, either of the Dredgers or both (as the case may be)
is/are idle, then [the appellant] shall, subject to [the respondent’s] consent
thereto, be entitled to use such Dredger(s) for the deployment on any dredging
and/or reclamation works carried out by [the appellant] outside Malaysia, …

In this event, [the appellant] shall charter the Dredger(s) from the
Cooperation, and the charter rate due and payable by [the appellant] to the
Cooperation, shall be the sum of (a) the compensation due and payable by the
Cooperation to the Owner, to [the respondent] and to Jan De Nul (Malaysia)
Sdn. Bhd. as per Appendix 2, … [The appellant] shall pay to the Cooperation,
in Euro, such part of the charter rate which represents the compensation due
and payable by the Cooperation to the Owner and to Jan De Nul (Malaysia) Sdn.
Bhd.

The Cooperation and [the appellant] shall enter into a charter hire agreement
on the basis of IADC’s General Conditions of Contract and such Special
Conditions of Contract as mutually agreed upon. …

23 In these clauses, the term “Owner” referred to the Labuan company and “Jan
De Nul (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd”, was the company incorporated by the appellant in
Malaysia for the purpose of providing the following services to the Co-
operation:

(a) provision of a production superintendent for each dredger; and

(b) recruitment of suitably qualified English-speaking expatriate key crew for
each dredger and responsibility for payroll, social security, pension,
insurance, and administration and travelling arrangements for such crew.

24 It would be seen that the arrangement established for the use of two
dredgers was between the Co-operation on the one hand and the participating
parties, namely, the appellant and the respondent, on the other. In the light
of these rather detailed provisions relating to how each dredger was to be
used and how payments were to be made by the respondent to the Co-operation,
and bearing particularly in mind the fact that cl 3.7 also provided for the
chartering of the dredger by the appellant from the Co-operation, the MOU
could hardly be viewed as an agreement between the appellant and the
respondent for the chartering or hiring of dredgers. In our judgment, the MOU
was, in truth, a joint-venture agreement setting how the two parties should
co-operate in the use of two dredgers (eventually only one was needed) and the
breach of which by one party would entitle the other to sue for damages.
Accordingly, the appellant could not proceed _in rem_ against the _Inai
Selasih_. The judge below was correct to set aside the admiralty Writ as well
as the Warrant of Arrest.

25 We should, at this juncture, add that the judge below also set aside the
Warrant of Arrest, which was obtained _ex parte_ , on the ground that there
had been a failure on the part of the appellant to disclose a material fact.
The judge said ([10] _supra_ at [26]):

The status of [the respondent] as charterer was a very necessary ingredient
for an arrest. The external and internal arrangements, which had a bearing on
[the appellant’s] assertion that [the respondent] was the charterer of the
_Inai Seroja_ , would have been something the duty registrar would have wanted
to know in deciding whether or not a warrant of arrest should be issued. Those
arrangements were not mentioned anywhere in the body of the affidavit. Simply
exhibiting the MOU was not good enough and did not count as compliance with
its duty to disclose material facts.

26 It seemed to us that the judge was in error in finding that there was a
failure on the part of the appellant to disclose the “internal and external
arrangements” in the body of the affidavit in support of the application for
the issue of the Warrant of Arrest. It appeared to us that the judge had
overlooked the fact that in para 10 of the affidavit of Adam Abdur Rahim,
filed on 13 July 2004, the following was stated:

10\. _As the Defendants required that_ it would appear and _be represented to
the world at large that they are the owners of the Dredger, the MOU provided
for an external and internal framework to govern the parties and to protect
the Plaintiffs’ [appellant’s] interests._

(a) The Defendants and the Plaintiffs to incorporate a company under the
Offshore Companies Act, 1990 in the Federal Territory of Labuan _in which the
Defendants would appear to the world at large to hold:_

_(i) through an intermediary, 49% of the shares; and_

_(ii) in its own right 51% of the shares;_

_however, the true purpose and intent, as expressly provided for in the MOU
was that the Plaintiffs are to be the owners and/or beneficial owners of all
shares in the newly incorporated company;_

(b) The Plaintiffs to transfer the Dredger to the newly incorporated company);

(c) The newly incorporated company (Inai Kiara (L) Ltd) would then charter the
Dredger (provided by the Plaintiffs) to the Defendants under a bareboat
charter.

[emphasis added]

It would be seen that the external and internal frameworks described in the
MOU were expressly referred to in the body of the appellant’s affidavit. The
opening sentence of the paragraph said it all, _ie_ , “As the [respondent]
required that it … be represented to the world at large that [it is the owner]
of the Dredger, …”.

**Should damages be ordered against the appellant**

27 The fact that we agreed with the judge below that the Writ should be set
aside did not necessarily mean that damages should automatically be awarded
against the appellant on account of the arrest of the _Inai Selasih_. This is
the question to which we now turn.

28 It was not in dispute that to succeed in a claim for damages for wrongful
arrest, it must be shown that there was _mala fides_ or malicious negligence,
or _crassa negligentia_ , on the part of the plaintiffs: see _The
Evangelismos_ (1858) 12 Moo PC 352; 14 ER 945; _Walter Turnbull v The Owners
of the Ship “Strathnaver”, The Strathnaver_ (1875) 1 App Cas 58 and _The Kiku
Pacific_ [1999] 2 SLR 595 at [30]. The judge below had not applied the wrong
principle. We differed from her in relation to the appreciation of the facts
and the inferences drawn by her. She held that the appellant, in arresting the
_Inai Selasih_ , had acted in bad faith because ([10] _supra_ at [27]):

[The appellant] mounted an arrest on the back of a bareboat charter which it
knew was a sham. A sham document was used to mislead the court into issuing
the Warrant of Arrest on the footing that [the respondent] was at the time the
cause of action arose the charterer or person in possession or in control of
the _Inai Seroja_.

29 It would be noted that the only ground upon which the judge found that the
appellant had acted _mala fides_ in arresting the vessel, _Inai Selasih_ , was
that it had relied upon a charterparty that was a sham. It was not in dispute
that the appellant sought to arrest the _Inai Selasih_ so as to obtain
security for the arbitration in Switzerland.

30 In _The Maule_ [1995] 2 HKC 769 at 772, Bokhary JA of the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal, in considering the test to be applied, first quoted the following
passage of the Privy Council in _The Evangelismos_ ([28] _supra_ at 359; at
948):

[I]s there or is there not, reason to say, that the action was so
unwarrantedly brought, or brought with so little colour, or so little
foundation, that it rather implies malice on the part of the Plaintiff, or
that gross negligence which is equivalent to it?

He also reviewed other authorities and came to the conclusion that (at 773):

If a plaintiff wrongfully arrested a ship which he knew he could not
legitimately arrest, then he would be acting in bad faith. And, short of that,
if he wrongfully arrested a ship without applying his mind to whether that was
a legitimate course: proceeding in that cavalier fashion because he was bent
on harming the shipowner or putting pressure on him to accede to a demand,
then his conduct could, in my view, be described as malicious negligence. And
in either case, damages for wrongful arrest would be a proper remedy to grant
the shipowner against him.

31 It seemed to us that the test propounded by Bokhary JA was largely adopted
by this court in _The Kiku Pacific_ ([28] _supra_) where it said at [30]:

In the context of the appeal, the question would be this; in bringing the
action against the owners, did Fal know or honestly belief [_sic_] that they
could not legitimately arrest the ship so as to imply malice, or in arresting
the vessel, did Fal fail to apply their mind as to whether they could
legitimately arrest the vessel, and nevertheless proceeding to arrest the
vessel because Fal was bent on putting pressure on the owners to accede to
their demand, so as to imply gross negligence; and in refusing the security
offered by the owners in March 1996, was Fal’s refusal malicious or grossly
negligent.

32 Applying this test to the instant case, could it be said that the appellant
applied for the Warrant of Arrest knowing or honestly believing that it could
not legitimately arrest the ship or failing to apply its mind as to whether it
could legitimately arrest the vessel and nevertheless proceeding to do so? We
did not think that the appellant had committed either wrongdoing. On the
evidence, we were satisfied that the appellant genuinely thought that it had a
claim in admiralty. It had disclosed the terms of the MOU to the court,
including the external framework which was created merely for appearance, just
to show to third parties that the _Inai Seroja_ was Malaysian-registered and
owned by a Malaysian company. The fact that the court below held that the
charterparty between the respondent and the Labuan company was, in the
circumstances, a sham, a decision affirmed by us, did not mean that the
appellant had acted with malice. It had disclosed the unusual arrangements to
the court. All it meant was that the appellant was wrong in its interpretation
or perception of the entire arrangement. Being shown to be wrong could not
_per se_ amount to being malicious. The parties had entered into a serious
business arrangement as to how the appellant’s dredgers could be made use of
by the respondent. However, for reasons of which both parties were well aware,
they had thought it best to make it by way of an “unincorporated cooperation”
and to create the extra fictitious formalities in order to meet the
requirement of the Malaysian authorities.

33 Accordingly, we were of the opinion that there was no evidence to suggest
malice or _crassa negligentia_ on the part of the appellant and set aside the
order on damages made against the appellant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

