Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Wing On Christopher and Others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
[2006] SGHC 16

Case Number | : | CWU 102/1999, SIC 600611/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Xavier and Lai Yew Fei (Rajah and Tann) for the applicants; Oommen Mathew (Haq and Selvam) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ho Wing On Christopher; Shum Sze Keong; Lee Yen Kee Ruby; Law Kwok Fai Paul; E-Zone (Plaza) Pte Ltd; The Grande Group Limited; East Coast Works Pte Ltd; Hong Kong Aberdeen Seafood Restaurant Pte Ltd; Nakamichi Pte Ltd; Cafe Al Fresco Pte Ltd — ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)   
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Liquidator – Liquidators bringing action on
behalf of insolvent estate – Whether liquidators personally liable to winning
party for shortfall in costs owed by insolvent estate if liquidators in breach
of estate costs rule  
  

26 January 2006

Lai Kew Chai J:

1 In a case where a liquidator unsuccessfully brought an action on behalf of
an insolvent estate, was the liquidator personally liable to the winning party
for any shortfall in costs owed by the insolvent estate if the liquidator was
in breach of the estate costs rule? This was the sole issue which came up for
determination in the present proceedings.

**Background**

2 ECRC Land Pte Ltd (“the respondent”) was incorporated in late 1994 as a
joint-venture vehicle to redevelop the premises located at 1000 East Coast
Parkway into a world-class amusement theme park. One of the parties to the
joint venture was Grande Leisure Management Pte Ltd, which, together with the
fifth to tenth applicants, belonged to the Grande group of companies. The
first to fourth applicants were directors of the respondent as well as the
fifth to tenth applicants at the material times.

3 In 1999, however, the respondent was ordered to be wound up. Mr Chee Yoh
Chuang and Mr Lim Lee Meng (“the liquidators”) of M/s Chio Lim & Associates
were appointed as the liquidators of the respondent. In the course of their
investigations into the respondent’s affairs, the liquidators uncovered
transactions which, to their minds, suggested improper, unreasonable and
dishonest behaviour on the part of the applicants, _vis-à-vis_ the respondent.

4 In September 2001, the liquidators took out Suit No 1210 of 2001 on behalf
of the respondent against the applicants (“the action”). The action was based
on fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, constructive trust and conspiracy. The
respondent sought, _inter alia_ , damages and/or repayment of alleged wrongful
payments by the respondent to the applicants as well as compensation for
rental concessions granted by the respondent to the applicants.

5 The respondent’s claims were dismissed by Tay Yong Kwang J who only allowed
the claims against the fifth and sixth applicants for operating expenses
between January to March 1995. In the circumstances, Tay J ordered the
respondent to pay all the applicants 80% of the costs of the action.
Thereafter, the respondent appealed against Tay J’s decision, whereupon the
Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal with costs (the costs of the action and
of the appeal which were awarded to the applicants are hereafter referred to
collectively as “the costs”).

6 In the proceedings before the Court of Appeal and the High Court, the
applicants had obtained orders for security for costs in the total sum of
$105,000, which was duly paid to the applicants in the course of these
proceedings.

**The present proceedings**

7 Before me, the applicants took out two applications which I heard together.
In the first application, Summons in Chambers No 600479 of 2004 (“SIC
600479/2004”), I allowed the application and ordered that the respondent paid
the costs to the applicants in priority to all other claims and expenses,
including the liquidators’ own remuneration and costs, but subject to the
liquidators’ costs of getting in, maintaining and realising the assets of the
respondent.

8 The above order was made pursuant to the estate costs rule. It was
undisputed that the costs should be paid out of the respondent’s assets in
priority to the liquidators’ remuneration and costs since the applicants had
successfully defended the action: _Norglen Ltd (in liquidation) v Reeds Rains
Prudential Ltd_ [1999] 2 AC 1.

9 As enunciated by the Court of Appeal in _Chee Kheong Mah Chaly v Liquidators
of Baring Futures (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 571 at [46], the rationale
for the estate costs rule was that where an action was taken by a liquidator
for the benefit of an insolvent estate, it was only fair that the successful
defendant’s costs were entitled to priority over the liquidator’s expenses and
remuneration and the claims of the unsecured creditors in general. The
liquidator should take the risk for his own actions: see also _In re Home
Investment Society_ (1880) 14 Ch D 167; _In re Pacific Coast Syndicate,
Limited_ [1913] 2 Ch 26 (“ _Re Pacific_ ”).

10 In the liquidators’ affidavit of 31 August 2004, they confirmed that the
respondent’s remaining funds amounted to $18,105.76 and there were no further
assets belonging to the respondent that could be realised. As the applicants
alleged that the liquidators had previously paid out moneys in breach of the
estate costs rule, the applicants took out the second application, Summons in
Chambers No 600611 of 2004 (“SIC 600611/2004”), in which they sought two
orders.

11 The relief sought in the applicants’ first prayer was that the liquidators
should make good the sums previously paid out in breach of the estate costs
rule. The applicants pointed to various instances where the liquidators had
used the moneys of the respondent to pay legal costs and their own
remuneration. These payments were made in breach of the estate costs rule as
the applicants’ costs should have been paid in priority to these payments but
the liquidators failed to do so.

12 On the respondent’s part, it was highlighted in the liquidators’ affidavit
of 22 November 2004 that the sums paid out for legal expenses were reasonably
and properly incurred, while the payments to themselves for their fees and
disbursements were reasonable and made in good faith. To this end, I noted
that one of the payments for the liquidators’ fees and disbursements had taken
place before the action was even initiated.

13 For present purposes, I need not deal with the first prayer of SIC
600611/2004 at length. Suffice to say that I asked the parties to come up with
the relevant figures to be coughed up by the liquidators to make good their
breach, pursuant to my order in SIC 600479/2004.

14 As there would still be a shortfall in the costs due to the applicants even
after the liquidators made good their breach (“the shortfall”), the applicants
sought to convince me that I should accede to their second prayer in SIC
600611/2004 and order that the liquidators be made personally liable for the
shortfall, _ie_ , order that the liquidators pay the shortfall out of pocket.
After considering all the authorities cited to me, I found myself unable to
agree with the applicants and dismissed their second prayer with costs. The
applicants have appealed against my decision in this regard. Accordingly, I
now give the reasons for my decision.

**The submissions**

**_The applicants’ arguments_**

15 The applicants stressed that they were not seeking for the liquidators to
be made personally liable as non-parties to the proceedings. Instead, the
applicants said that they were entitled to a personal costs order as against
the liquidators because the latter had been in breach of the estate costs
rule. Since the liquidators had failed to accord due priority to the costs
payable to the applicants, the applicants argued that the court should
exercise its supervisory jurisdiction over the liquidators and order them to
not only use those sums paid to themselves to meet the costs, but to also make
up the shortfall out of their own pockets.

16 Another assertion made by the applicants was that if the liquidators were
not made personally liable for the shortfall, it would make a mockery of the
estate costs rule since the liquidators would be allowed to flagrantly flout
the rule without having to account for their actions. The applicants further
contended in their submissions that:

In fact, it is the defendants who need the protection of the courts from
liquidators commencing an action behind the cloak of a company and then
flagrantly flouting the Estate Costs Rule. The hapless defendant [_sic_] will
have no recourse in respect of their costs in defending the action.

**_The respondent’s arguments_**

17 The respondent had no serious quarrel with the application of the estate
costs rule. However, it submitted that the court’s jurisdiction to make a
personal costs order against the liquidators should only be exercised
sparingly, where there had been misconduct or impropriety on their part. After
all, there would be a greater public interest in ensuring that liquidators
were not unnecessarily deterred from taking all reasonable steps to recover
assets belonging to the insolvent company. Parties such as the applicants
could protect their position by applying to the court for an order for
security for costs.

**My decision**

18 While the liquidators in the present proceedings were admittedly in breach
of the estate costs rule, they had already been ordered to return the sums
paid to themselves so as to meet the applicants’ costs. The applicants failed
to persuade me that they were entitled, over and above that order, to a
personal costs order against the liquidators for the shortfall. They were
unable to offer any convincing explanation or pertinent authorities to support
their assertion that the liquidators’ breach of the estate costs rule should
translate into personal liability for the shortfall in the costs incurred in
the action.

19 It was established by the English Court of Appeal in _Metalloy Supplies Ltd
v MA (UK) Ltd_ [1997] 1 WLR 1613 (“ _Metalloy_ ”) that where a liquidator
commenced an action in the name of the company, he would be a non-party to the
action and could not be ordered to pay costs personally. In that case, Waller
J held at 1618 that the court would only order a liquidator to pay costs
personally in _exceptional circumstances_ where there had been impropriety on
the liquidator’s part, having regard to public policy considerations and the
fact that the normal remedy of an order for security for costs was available.
In situations where a liquidator brought proceedings in his own name, he could
also be personally liable for costs though he might or might not be entitled
to recover out of the company’s assets: _Kumarasamy v Haji Daud_ [1972] 2 MLJ
16; _Re Wilson Lovatt & Sons Ltd_ [1977] 1 All ER 274; _Metalloy_ (_supra_ at
1620) _per_ Millett LJ.

20 In the present case, the liquidators had brought the action in the
respondent’s name. As a non-party to the action, a personal costs order would
not ordinarily be thrust upon them unless there was some compelling evidence
that they had acted improperly. Although the applicants wanted the liquidators
to bear personal liability for the shortfall, they did not provide any
arguments or evidence as to any alleged impropriety or misconduct by the
liquidators. The applicants merely maintained that the liquidators acted
unreasonably in instituting and proceeding with the action, and should have
known that the respondent had insufficient funds to satisfy any costs ordered
against it.

21 It seemed to me that the applicants did not want an inquiry into the
liquidators’ conduct in the action. Indeed, they confirmed in their
submissions that they were not attempting to render the liquidators personally
liable for the shortfall on that basis. Instead, the applicants simply sought
to use the liquidators’ breach of the estate costs rule as an alternative
ground for obtaining a personal costs order against them. This was a rather
novel proposition. However, to my mind, it was as disingenuous a proposition
as it was novel.

22 In support of their contention that a breach of the estate costs rule
could, in itself, ground a personal costs order for the shortfall, the
applicants referred me to a number of cases. In _Re Pacific_ , a case which
factual matrix was similar to the present facts, the defendants obtained
judgment with costs against the company in liquidation. Having first paid
legal expenses from the company’s assets, the liquidator of the company was
unable to make full payment of the costs awarded to the defendants. The
defendants applied to court for the liquidator to pay them the shortfall.
Neville J held at 28–29 that:

Here the liquidator had moneys in his hands which would now have been
applicable to the payment of the taxed costs of the applicants had he not
applied them in payment of his own solicitors’ costs which were subject to the
prior claim of the applicants. I hold, therefore, that _he must pay the
applicants their taxed costs of the action, and he may repay himself out of
any further assets that may come to his hands_. [emphasis added]

23 The applicants in the present proceedings relied on the above passage for
the proposition that a liquidator would be personally liable for any sums paid
out in breach of the estate costs rule. In my opinion, _Re Pacific_ did not
establish such a broad principle. I was in agreement with the respondent that
_Re Pacific_ merely emphasised the application of the estate costs rule.
Neville J’s judgment set out clearly that where judgment with costs was
ordered against a company in liquidation, the party entitled to the costs was
entitled to payment of the costs before the liquidator’s costs were paid,
regardless of whether the order was merely for costs, or for costs to be paid
out of the company’s assets, or for the liquidator to pay costs with liberty
to repay himself out of the company’s assets.

24 While Neville J had ordered the liquidator to pay the defendants the costs
of the action, this merely meant that the liquidator had to cough up the sums
paid to himself from the company’s assets in breach of the estate costs rule,
and pay them to the defendants. Once the defendants’ costs had been paid, the
liquidator would be able to repay himself if he was able to realise any other
assets belonging to the company. Neville J’s order did not envisage or entail
the liquidator having to bear personal liability for the defendant’s costs on
the sole basis that he had paid out moneys in breach of the estate costs rule.

25 In any event, the sums to be repaid by the liquidator in _Re Pacific_ were
sufficient to meet the costs owing to the defendants. As such, the issue of
whether the liquidator could be made to bear any shortfall in costs
personally, despite having returned moneys paid in breach of the estate costs
rule, did not arise for the court’s consideration.

26 Next, the applicants drew my attention to several cases which apparently
illustrated that where a liquidator effected payments in breach of priority
rules, he would be personally liable for the consequences of such payments.
The applicants argued that this should, in principle, include any shortfall in
the moneys owed to a party having priority.

27 _Re Circuit Development Ltd, ex parte Mortimer_ [1981] 2 NZLR 243 (“ _Re
Circuit Development_ ”) was a case where a judgment creditor applied for leave
to enforce an order that arrears of rent owed to him by an insolvent company
be paid by its liquidator. It transpired that the liquidator had paid himself
and his advisers their remuneration but the company still had sufficient funds
remaining to satisfy the judgment. The High Court of Auckland held that since
the rental arrears were expenses incurred in the winding up, they ought to be
paid immediately, and following _Re Beni-Felkai Mining Company, Limited_
[1934] Ch 406, the expenses of a winding up ought to be paid before the
remuneration of the liquidator. As such, the High Court ordered that the
liquidator or his agents should use the remuneration received from the company
to pay the judgment sum if the company’s assets were inadequate.

28 According to the applicants in the present proceedings, if neither the
assets of the company in _Re Circuit Development_ nor the return of the
liquidator’s remuneration had been sufficient to satisfy the judgment sum, the
liquidator in that case should, in principle, have been made to top up the
shortfall out of pocket. I was unable to accept this argument. In the first
place, the applicants offered absolutely no explanation or authority to
support their argument. All they could say was that there was no reason why
their argument should not stand.

29 I also found the applicants’ reliance on _Re Circuit Development_ to be
wholly misconceived. _Re Circuit Development_ was really a case about an
application of the estate costs rule, and how a liquidator who had paid
himself in breach of the rule could be ordered to return the moneys to a party
having greater priority. It did not stand for the principle that where a
liquidator had breached priority rules, the liquidator should be held
personally liable for a shortfall in moneys owing to a party with priority.

30 In any event, the application of the estate costs rule was not in issue in
the present proceedings since the liquidators had already been ordered to make
good those payments made in breach of the estate costs rule.

31 The applicants also referred me to various passages in the cases of _In re
Dominion of Canada Plumbago Company_ (1884) 27 Ch D 33 and _In re
Staffordshire Gas and Coke Company_ [1893] 3 Ch 523. However, I found that
these passages similarly did not assist the applicants as they merely affirmed
the estate costs rule or showed how the rule was to be applied, _viz_ , a
liquidator having to subordinate the payment of his costs to the payment of
the winning party’s costs.

32 I found the case of _Deputy Commissioner of Taxation v Tideturn Pty Ltd_ 37
ACSR 152 to be similarly unhelpful to the applicants’ case. There, upon the
application of the Deputy Commissioner of Taxation, a liquidator was held
personally responsible for his failure to retain moneys for tax purposes, and
was made to cough up the moneys he had failed to hold back. Again, this case
was irrelevant to the present proceedings. There was nothing at all in the
case to convince me that a liquidator should be ordered to pay a shortfall in
costs personally after failing in legal proceedings commenced on behalf of an
insolvent estate.

33 Another case relied on by the applicants was _Re AMF International Ltd;
Chontow v Elles_ [1995] 2 BCLC 529 (“ _Re AMF International_ ”). There, the
liquidator of a company, Mr Elles, made distributions to its parent
corporation which agreed to indemnify the company against its liabilities. In
the meantime, the company occupied certain premises under a lease.
Subsequently, the applicant creditors issued an originating application
against Mr Elles, asking that he admit their proof of debt for rental arrears
and pay the amount in full or alternatively that Mr Elles be removed and made
to pay the costs of the application personally. Mr Elles then paid the
creditors part of the arrears and called on the parent corporation to pay the
balance under its indemnity but the parent corporation failed to make any such
payment.

34 Subsequently, when the creditors’ application was heard, Mr Elles had
already been voted out of office and the creditors had to look to the new
liquidator for their claim. Nevertheless, the creditors asked that Mr Elles
paid their costs for the application personally. Ferris J accepted the
creditors’ arguments and ordered Mr Elles not only to bear the creditors’
costs personally but to bear his own costs as well. Ferris J found that Mr
Elles, in paying the parent corporation, had breached the principle that
shareholders were not entitled to anything in a winding up until all the debts
had been paid. Moreover, he opined that Mr Elles had brought the proceedings
upon himself due to his unacceptable dilatoriness in dealing with the
creditors’ claim.

35 In the present proceedings, the applicants argued that _Re AMF
International_ supported their position that the liquidators should be made
personally liable for the shortfall. Contrary to their assertions, I failed to
see how _Re AMF International_ assisted them. Mr Elles had been ordered to
bear the creditors’ costs himself because his unreasonable and reprehensible
conduct had forced the creditors’ hand in taking out the application against
him. This was materially different from the present facts where the
liquidators had brought the action on behalf of the insolvent estate and there
had been no allegation of impropriety of the liquidators’ conduct. There was
plainly no reason why the liquidators in this case should be made to bear the
shortfall themselves.

36 The applicants also raised several Australian authorities as support that
the court could order a liquidator to be personally liable for a costs order
made against the company even where he was not a party to the proceedings. I
did not find these cases to be particularly helpful and need only refer to two
of them.

37 In _Hypec Electronics Pty Ltd (in liq) v Mead_ 50 ACSR 448 (“ _Hypec_ ”),
the defendants applied for an order that the liquidator pay costs personally
for unsuccessful proceedings initiated by the liquidator on the company’s
behalf. The liquidator argued, _inter alia_ , that he could not be held
personally liable as he was not a named party to the proceedings.

38 In the Supreme Court of New South Wales, Campbell J considered that the
court had the jurisdiction to make the liquidator personally liable for costs.
He ruled that the conduct to be expected of the liquidator in commencing the
proceedings in the company’s name would be the same standard as that of a
trustee in bankruptcy. He further held that in deciding whether a liquidator
could be indemnified by the company for costs which he was ordered to pay, the
test laid down in _In re Beddoe; Downes v Cottam_ [1893] 1 Ch 547 (“ _Beddoe_
”) should apply; that is, whether the conduct which gave rise to the burden of
costs ordered to be paid was reasonably as well as honestly incurred.

39 I did not find _Hypec_ to be of much assistance. The fact remained that the
applicants in the present proceedings had not adduced any concrete evidence to
show that the liquidators in bringing the action had acted in any manner which
would be improper in the _Beddoe_ sense. Thus, even on an application of the
_Beddoe_ test, which was less robust than the standard of impropriety in
_Metalloy_ , the liquidators would still not be held personally liable for the
applicants’ costs, as it was not shown that the _Beddoe_ test was satisfied.

40 In _Belar Pty Ltd (in liq) v Mahaffey_ [2000] 1 Qd R 477 (“ _Belar_ ”), the
Supreme Court of Queensland held (at [36]) that where a company in liquidation
unsuccessfully brought proceedings and the costs ordered against the company
could almost certainly not be recovered from the company’s assets:

_The most usual order in such a case is that_ _the liquidator pay the costs,
and it is recognised that this makes the liquidator personally liable for such
costs_. It is usual in such cases to permit the liquidator to recover costs so
far as this is feasible, from company assets, provided there has not been
misconduct or other unusual circumstances. The exercise of such a discretion
by the courts along the above lines is consonant with the principles under
which orders for costs may be made against non-parties. [emphasis added]

41 On the above reasoning, the applicants in the present case averred that if
a liquidator could be held personally liable for costs as a non-party even in
the absence of misconduct, _a fortiori_ , the liquidator should also be made
personally liable where he breached the estate costs rule.

42 In my view, this argument was unsustainable, given the far-reaching
consequences of such a proposition. I did not accept the principle enunciated
in _Belar_ , as interpreted by the applicants, to represent the position in
Singapore, _ie_ , that a liquidator would typically be made personally liable
for costs in an unsuccessful action brought by a company if the company’s
assets were insufficient to pay the costs. In any event, the principle in
_Belar_ did not support the applicants’ specific proposition that a liquidator
should be made personally liable where he was in breach of the estate costs
rule.

43 I noted that the applicants were unable to provide any authority that
_Belar_ was good law in Singapore or that it reflected the local position.
Instead, I was somewhat fortified in my views by the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Chee Kheong Mah Chaly v Liquidators of Baring Futures (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ ([9] _supra_). While the facts of that case were not on all fours
with the present facts, the discussion by the Court of Appeal at [49] was most
instructive as to the usual consequences befalling a liquidator who had
unsuccessfully commenced an action for the estate’s benefit:

We appreciate that until the liquidator commenced action and failed, there
could be no question of any costs being payable. We agree that _the action
having been commenced for the benefit of the estate of the company in
question, the estate_ _and the liquidator_ _must bear the consequences that
follow therefrom_. The question is, what consequence or consequences. _The
normal consequence is standard costs_ … [emphasis added]

44 The above passage was discussed in the context of priority under the estate
costs rule. In this light, what the Court of Appeal meant by the costs
consequences to be borne by the _liquidator_ where he commenced an action for
the company and failed, was that the payment of the liquidator’s expenses and
remuneration would enjoy lesser priority than the payment of the winning
party’s costs. The liquidator would not be able to pay himself out of the
estate’s assets until the costs of the winning litigant were paid. I would add
that the liquidator would have to repay any assets used in payment of his
remuneration and expenses in order to give effect to the estate costs rule.
The liquidator, therefore, took the risk that the estate might have
insufficient assets to pay for his remuneration and costs.

45 As a matter of principle, it was hard to see how the costs consequences for
a liquidator, as considered above, could in any way translate into the
proposition that he would, as a rule, be made to pay the costs of a winning
party out of pocket where he had instituted an action on behalf of a company
in liquidation and the company had insufficient assets to pay the winning
party’s costs. Even where a liquidator was a party to proceedings and the
assets of the insolvent company were insufficient for payment of the winning
party’s costs, it has been long established that the liquidator would not be
automatically deemed personally liable for the shortfall unless his conduct
justified such personal liability: _In re R Bolton and Company_ [1895] 1 Ch
333. To then make a liquidator who was a non-party to proceedings
automatically personally liable for shortfalls in costs would be to run
counter to such an established rule.

46 In my opinion, the wide principle propounded in _Belar_ was also at odds
with the clear statement in _Metalloy_ ([19] _supra_) that a liquidator who
was a non-party would only be held personally liable for costs in exceptional
circumstances where impropriety on his part was proved. I accepted the
respondent’s submission that, in the face of proceedings brought by a company
in liquidation, an appropriate remedy for a party facing such an action should
be to seek an order for security for costs at the earliest opportunity. This,
the applicants had availed themselves of.

47 I was also in full agreement with the respondent’s unassailable submission
that the court should exercise considerable caution in determining whether to
order costs personally against liquidators. There were powerful policy
considerations in this regard, in particular, that office holders such as the
liquidators should not be unduly restricted or held back in the honest and
proper performance of their duties for fear of incurring personal liability
for costs simply because they acted for an insolvent company with insufficient
assets to pay the costs of a winning party. Otherwise, the very purpose of the
liquidator’s role in realising as much of the company’s assets as was possible
would be subverted. I concurred with Millett LJ’s astute observation in
_Metalloy_ that a liquidator was under no obligation to a defendant to protect
his interest by ensuring that he had sufficient funds in hand to pay the
defendant’s costs as well as his own if the proceedings failed.

48 This accorded with the observations of Lindsay J in _Eastglen Ltd (in liq)
v Grafton_ [1996] 2 BCLC 279 at 293:

It is a familiar experience of those concerned with liquidations that
liquidators find themselves without liquid resources sufficient to launch, or
to launch and sustain, proceedings which they regard as necessary or desirable
for a due performance of their duties. There is a public interest in
liquidators being able satisfactorily to carry out the duties which the
statutory scheme … confers on them. … If, by reason of their having supported
unsuccessful proceedings by a liquidator, creditors are likely to find
themselves liable not only for the finite and ascertainable sums which they
may have agreed to make available to the liquidator but for the unknowable
costs of the successful adverse party, even where the liquidator’s proceedings
are not said not to be bona fide and where there is no judicial criticism of
their institution or conduct, support from creditors, I feel sure, would be
yet harder to achieve. Justice in liquidations would be even more elusive and
defaulting directors and others susceptible to proceedings would have even
greater incentives than already exist to ensure that the incoming liquidator
would find the company completely devoid of the funds necessary to fund
litigation against them.

49 Alluding to the above passage, the public interest in allowing liquidators
to carry out their duties and not exposing them to personal liability for
costs, similarly militated against the applicants’ submission that the
liquidators in the present proceedings should be made personally liable for
the shortfall simply because they had breached the estate costs rule.

50 Lastly, the applicants seemed to be saying at [16] above that another
reason why the liquidators should be out of pocket for the shortfall was
because the liquidators should be censured for paying out moneys in breach of
the estate costs rule. If they were not so punished, they would be given the
green light to flout the rule with impunity. I found this argument to be
unpersuasive. The liquidators had already been ordered to make good their
breach of the estate costs rule. Holding them personally liable for the
shortfall would neither give effect to the estate costs rule, nor meet the
rationale behind it, but would instead run contrary to those policy
considerations discussed above.

**Conclusion**

51 Ultimately, it was clear to me that the applicants had failed to provide
any proper basis in law to substantiate their assertion that a personal costs
order for the shortfall should be made against the liquidators for having
breached the estate costs rule. No such principle was established. In fact, it
seemed that the applicants were clutching at straws since the authorities
cited in support of their case were mostly of no relevance or application to
the present proceedings.

52 As the liquidators had already been ordered to repay the sums paid out in
breach of the estate costs rule, and it had not been shown that there was any
impropriety on their part, I could see no reason whatsoever for ordering them
to cough up the shortfall as well. In the circumstances, I dismissed the
second prayer of SIC 600611/2004 with costs. I would also like to thank
counsel for providing written submissions which have been of considerable
assistance.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

