Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ritronics Components (S'pore) Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 215

Case Number | : | Suit 672/2002, RA 275/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jason Chan and Wong Tsung Wei (Amica Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Wendy Low Wei Ling (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Ritronics Components (S'pore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Interrogatories – Whether to order withdrawal of
interrogatories issued after trial of main action and during proceedings for
assessment of damages – Scope for use of interrogatories under O 26 r 1 Rules
of Court – Order 26 r 1 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

12 December 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s order of 15 September
2006 directing that the interrogatories issued by the plaintiff on 11 August
2006 be withdrawn. These interrogatories arose in the context of proceedings
to assess damages (“the AD proceedings”) after a trial in which Lai Kew Chai J
(“Lai J”) decided the question of liability in the plaintiff’s favour (“the
liability proceedings”): see _Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v F E Global
Electronics Pte Ltd and others and other suits (No 2)_ [2005] 3 SLR 389. The
decision of Lai J was affirmed on 11 November 2005 by the Court of Appeal (see
_F E Global Electronics Pte Ltd and others v Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR 874). Shortly thereafter, on 20 December
2005, the plaintiff applied for directions to commence the AD proceedings.

2 The plaintiff’s allegation that the defendant breached its patent by
producing and selling thumb drives under the names “SlimDisk” and
“BioSlimDisk” was the principal issue in this action. To set matters in their
appropriate context, I should first point out that the present set of
interrogatories was filed after discovery had already been completed in the AD
proceedings. The affidavit verifying the defendant’s list of documents in
discovery was filed on 6 February 2006 (“the first affidavit”). Pursuant to an
application by the plaintiff, the defendant’s managing director filed another
affidavit on 17 April 2006 (“the second affidavit”). In both these affidavits,
the relevant personnel of the defendant had affirmed that it had disclosed all
its documents for the purposes of assessing its liability to pay damages. The
second affidavit unequivocally denied that the defendant had any manufacturing
facility or production in Singapore or had made or manufactured any of the
infringing products in Singapore. It also maintained that the defendant did
not have possession of any correspondence with suppliers of the components of
the infringing products, or of any documents relating to the manufacture of
these products. The affidavit expressly stated that all relevant commercial
documents had been disclosed. The plaintiff, not being satisfied with these
denials and the position taken by the defendant that there was nothing more to
disclose, consequently served the present list of interrogatories on the
defendant.

3 There were a total of 36 interrogatories but they were variations of two
broad themes. The first general category of questions related to the
defendant’s acts of infringement in making, selling or distributing the
infringing products, whilst the second concerned the existence and location of
documents arising from or connected with the making, testing, selling, and
distribution of the said products. The factual basis for the plaintiff’s
application was Lai J’s judgment in the liability proceedings, as well as the
admission that the defendant had taken 100 pieces of the products to an
international exhibition, CeBit; although 70 of these 100 pieces were brought
back to Singapore, there was no documentary evidence as to what had happened
to the rest. The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Jason Chan, also relied on
unconfirmed newspaper reports wherein the defendant’s managing director had
announced that it planned to sell “100,000 BioSlimDisk worldwide” by the end
of 2002. Mr Chan thus submitted that it could not be true that no documents
connected with such grand designs could be found. Furthermore, he pointed out
that the defendant had claimed to have invested more than $1,000,000 in the
research and manufacture of its products. He submitted that it would be
incredible that no documentary proof existed in relation to these activities.
Mr Chan submitted that the interrogatories were necessary in the AD
proceedings because first, they would tend to show the extent of the
defendant’s infringing dealings and the market demand for its products.
Secondly, they would indicate the extent of the defendant’s commercial
activity regarding the making and distribution of the products, and thirdly,
they would be helpful to the plaintiff’s expert in his assessment of the
damages arising from the defendant’s use or sale of its products.

4 Under O 26 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court Cap 322, (R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”), the parties to any cause or matter may serve each other with
interrogatories “relating to any matter in question” between them which are
necessary either for “disposing fairly of the cause or matter” or “for saving
costs”. Although the heading of a rule is generally not conclusive as to its
proper interpretation, the heading of O 26 r 1, namely, “discovery by
interrogatories”, is a helpful reminder of the nature of interrogatories.
Interrogatories are one of the ways in which parties to a cause may be
compelled to make disclosures of documents and facts not otherwise known or
available to the other parties. Although the Rules do not expressly prohibit
the service of interrogatories after the trial has commenced, it must be
implicit that this must be so. Once the trial has started, expediency and
fairness would have to be decided by the judge according to the rules of
procedure at trial. Any question that could previously have been asked by way
of interrogatory will have to be asked by way of cross-examination or by
applying for leave for further cross-examination as the case may be. I do not
think that interrogatories continue to be a viable means of saving of costs
and achieving fairness once the trial has started. It would be anachronistic
to use interlocutory procedures at the trial because interlocutory proceedings
end when the trial begins.

5 By its very nature, a long cross-examination will invariably protract a
trial. Lengthy or protracted trials are costly and may on occasion be used by
more affluent parties as a means of oppression. Against this context, the
discovery (including interrogatory) process, judiciously administered, can
help to shorten the trial by abbreviating the cross-examination process. It is
not uncommon to hear counsel asking seemingly mundane or aimless questions in
cross-examination with the hope that the answers might lead to a more damaging
set of questions. Interrogatories reduce the incidence of this scenario by
usefully directing both parties’ attention to the central issues in contention
at an early stage, thereby reducing the need to focus counsel’s time and
effort on peripheral and uncontested matters. The utility of interrogatories
in avoiding prohibitive litigation costs was recognised in _A-G v Gaskill_
(1882) 20 Ch Div 519 (“ _Gaskill_ ”), where Sir George Jessel MR stated at 527
that “one of the great objects of interrogatories” was to “to save [the
interrogating party] the expense of proving a part of the case” since answers
to interrogatories may make it unnecessary to call some witnesses.

6 In contrast to the approach in _Gaskill_ ([5] _supra_), counsel for the
defendant, Miss Low, adopted a more restrictive approach to the role of
interrogatories and submitted that questions that can properly be asked in
cross-examination cannot form the subject of interrogatories unless it can be
shown that the interrogating party may be irremediably prejudiced if these
questions are left to be answered at trial. A similar view was expressed by
Colman J in _Det Danske Hedeselskabet v KDM International PLC_ [1924] 2 Lloyds
Rep 534 (“ _Det Danske_ ”) at 537. The inconsistency between the approaches in
_Det Danske_ and _Gaskill_ become particularly apparent when one refers to
Lindley LJ’s dictum in _Gaskill_ (at 530) that “it is _no reason_ for
declining to answer the interrogatories to say that the same information may
be got by cross-examination at the trial” (emphasis added). In my view, the
equilibrium should lie midway between these two approaches. Whilst the
possibility of a reduction in expense, however trifling, cannot _ipso facto_
be sufficient ground to grant an interrogatory, to require evidence of
“irremediable prejudice” as a necessary prerequisite in every case would
reduce the effectiveness of O 26 r 1(1)(b), which expressly recognises the
utility of interrogatories in saving costs. In my view, the threat of
irremediable prejudice would, in most cases, fall within the “fair disposal”
ground under O 26 r 1(1)(a), leaving other considerations to imbue the
application of O 26 r 1(1)(b). Whilst it is difficult to make precise
distinctions since the nature and complexities of trials will necessarily
differ from case to case, I am of the view that the general approach should be
to use interrogatories when they have a direct bearing on the issues and when
they will ease the subsequent passage of cross-examination by delineating the
precise matters in contention. Using interrogatories to clarify peripheral
issues would controvert the object of reducing expenses under r 1(1)(b);
greater costs would invariably be incurred if a party was required to put on
oath at a preliminary stage answers that could quite easily be furnished at
trial without affecting the general conduct of the other party’s case.

7 In this regard, the first instance court deciding whether or not to allow
such interrogatories need not - and indeed should not - be put to great length
when contemplating whether to grant the request for interrogatories. Once
seized of the issues, the court may readily refuse questions of a more
ancillary or specific nature that might more appropriately be asked in cross-
examination. The system may regress to oppressiveness and time-wasting if
every question is argued at length at the interlocutory stage. Counsel must
realise that the severity of potential prejudice falls to be judged in light
of the added opportunity to clarify these concerns that will, in any event, be
available to him during the trial. At the interlocutory stage, the court needs
only consider whether: (a) the prejudice would be real, substantial, and
irremediable if the interrogatories were refused; and (b) the questions can be
answered without difficulty and can potentially dispose of entire lines of
questioning and perhaps even the need to call certain witnesses during the
trial. In either case, the court would be justified in allowing the request. I
would be slow to overrule an exercise of such discretion by the court below in
the absence of any obvious error and there was none in the present case.
Detailed and exceedingly nuanced enquiries into the merits of the court’s
exercise of discretion will unnecessarily protract the judicial process at
unjustifiable costs in terms of time and money to all concerned. In an
adversarial system of trial, the rules relating to discovery and interrogatory
are intended to ensure a fair fight. They are the counterweight to the law
regulating the burden of proof, that is to say, that the judicial process will
soften the harshness of the process of proof. It is a fair proposition to
require a person to prove what he had asserted, but no one would have a
complete stock of the evidence and knowledge that his opponent possesses. A
judicial process requiring a party to prove his assertions without compelling
reasonable disclosure from the other side might result in laying too onerous a
burden on that first party, but this should not be understood as giving
licence to that party to serve lengthy or oppressive interrogatories. The
interrogatory must be considered in the context of its role in the litigation
process. It performs an important but less facilitative function than cross-
examination – it is the bridesmaid; not the bride.

8 If, as in this case, a defendant is accused of infringing the plaintiff’s
patent rights to a “thumb drive” storage disk, then the plaintiff must prove
that he had the patent rights and that the defendant had made thumb drives
using the plaintiff’s design. The existence of the latter event may seem to be
incontrovertible in many cases since the defendant would generally derive no
profit from his infringing activity unless and until he sells the impugned
thumb drives in the open market. The plaintiff, however, may face
insurmountable difficulties of proof since he may never know when the
defendant first started making the said product or when he started selling
them, or where he sold them, and how many had been sold. Such questions would
be relevant, and in fact central, to any attempt to assess the extent of
damage suffered by the plaintiff. They would thus necessarily constitute
issues during the trial, but to leave them only to be addressed during cross-
examination may prove a long and painfully futile exercise because the cross-
examination is one of the penultimate parts of the trial process, being the
stage just before counsel’s closing address to the court. The introduction of
such central pieces of information at this late stage may often catch counsel
unaware and create the need for adjournments and a flurry of interlocutory
applications to allow counsel to address these new developments. In the
present case, where the defendant has already crystallised its position by
stating that it had brought 100 pieces of the infringing product to an
exhibition overseas and brought back 70 (see above at [3]), the shipping
documents will be relevant to show whether that was indeed so. A total absence
of shipping documents might lead the court to conclude that none of the pieces
were in fact brought back. The question why the shipping documents have not
been produced would hence be a relevant one for interrogatory purposes.
However, that was not the question the plaintiff here asked. Instead it asked
a broader question, “In relation to the Defendant’s SlimDisk product, please
state whether any orders were received by the Defendant in Singapore for the
manufacture, sale and/or supply of the Defendant’s SlimDisk product during the
period between 23 August 2001 and 12 May 2005, the date of the judgment in
this suit.” The defendant had already given some general answers to that
question.

9 Furthermore, the question referred to in [8] above would have been relevant
not only to the assessment of damages but also to the issue of liability and
could have been asked in cross-examination at the trial. The omission might
still be rectified by cross-examination during the assessment of damages but
would not be appropriate as an interrogatory at this stage. Counsel were
unable to tell me when the order for the bifurcation of the trial was made and
I must therefore assume that it was made by the judge at trial because in the
ordinary course of events, the trial would be for liability as well as
damages. Once a trial has started, there is no reason to serve
interrogatories. Hence, unless the plaintiff had obtained an order for
bifurcation and reserved the right to serve interrogatories prior to the
assessment but after trial on the question of liability, he should not be
permitted to serve interrogatories. He must thus content himself with cross-
examination. Mr Chan’s reliance on the unreported case of _Corporacion del
Nacional de Cobre de Chile v Metallgescellschaft Ltd AG_ (The Times, 6 January
1999) was not directly relevant because it concerned the appropriateness of
interrogatories for the purposes of a summary judgment application. In this
case, I do not think that the questions he set out in the interrogatories
could not be put by way of cross-examination. If, as counsel submitted, given
the facts as found by the trial judge it would be incredulous that the
defendant did not have any of the documents asked for, the appropriate
conclusions fell to be drawn against the defendant’s existing averments in its
affidavits that it had no further relevant documents. A failure to obtain
further confirmation from the defendant that it had no such documentation
would not irremediably prejudice the plaintiff. To the contrary, it might
actually assist it during the presentation of final submissions to the court.
For these reasons, I am of the view that the decision below should be affirmed
and the appeal dismissed. I shall hear the question of costs at a date to be
fixed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

