Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NE v Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2006] SGHC 199

Case Number | : | DA 24/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leon Kwong Wing (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Tang Siau Yan and Ong Ken Loon (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  NE — Comptroller of Income Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Taxpayer company hiring bodyguard
to protect director – Income Tax Board of Review deciding that expenses
incurred not deductible against company's taxable income – Whether taxpayer
precluded from challenging decision of Income Tax Board of Review – Whether
expenses in question incurred wholly or exclusively in the production of
income – Sections 14(1), 15(1)(a), 15(1)(b), 81(1) and 81(2) Income Tax Act
(Cap 134, 1994 and 1999 Rev Eds)  
  

7 November 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Introduction**

1 The Comptroller of Income Tax (“CIT”) had disallowed the appellant from
deducting the costs of employing a security guard to protect its director
(“C”) for certain years for which the CIT had been ascertaining the income of
the appellant. Thereafter, the appellant appealed to the Income Tax Board of
Review (“the Board”), but the Board dismissed its appeal. It is from the
Board’s decision that the appellant now appeals to the High Court.

2 The appellant is in the business of exhibiting motion pictures. C serves as
one of the appellant’s directors. It was undisputed that C was the subject of
a violent kidnapping attempt in 1971. At the driveway of his bungalow, he was
dragged out of his car at gunpoint by four men. He was shot in the right arm
in the struggle, bundled into the boot of a taxi and driven away. C’s captors
switched cars at a pre-arranged spot where he was again forced into the boot
of another vehicle. Despite his wound, C managed to escape when the car halted
at a traffic light.

3 The particular bodyguard in question in this appeal joined the appellant in
1989. According to the appellant’s case,[note: 1] the bodyguard in question
was not the first bodyguard employed for C’s security. The bodyguard had taken
over this duty from his predecessor. The bodyguard received about $30,000 per
annum. The subject matter of this appeal involved three sums paid to the
bodyguard as his salary, employer’s Central Provident Fund contribution and
bonus of $28,255 for the Year of Assessment (“YA”) 1996, $31,523 for YA 1997
and $32,371 for YA 2000. The amount of tax involved, at the corporate tax rate
of 26% or 27%, was said by the appellant to be about $8,000 a year. The
relevant calendar years were therefore 1995, 1996 and 1999 and the applicable
legislation would be the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 1994 Rev Ed) and the Income
Tax Act (Cap 134, 1999 Rev Ed).

**Relevant provisions**

4 The relevant provisions of both the above Income Tax legislation are ss
14(1), 15(1)(_a_) and 15(1)(_b_). The material portions thereof are identical.
Sections 14(1), 15(1)(_a_) and 15(1)(_b_) state:

**14.** —(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this
Part as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production
of the income …

**15.** —(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of —

(_a_) domestic or private expenses … ;

(_b_) any disbursements or expenses not being money wholly and exclusively
laid out or expended for the purpose of acquiring the income …

**My decision**

5 As can be seen, the substance of s 15(1)(_b_) is the mirror of s 14(1). The
primary dispute was whether the expenditure in employing the bodyguard was
incurred wholly and exclusively in the production of income.

6  The Board stated its reasons at [17] to [21] of its written decision (see
[2006] SGITBR 4) as follows:

**The Board’s decision**

17\. It is for this Board to find, as a question of fact, the purpose of the
expenditure in hiring the bodyguard for C. The burden of proof is on the
Appellant to convince the Board that the purpose of the expenditure in
question was wholly and exclusively incurred in the production of income. It
is clear from the cases of in [_sic_] _Mallalieu v Drummond_ [1983] STC 665
and _MacKinlay v Arthur Young McClelland Moores & Co_ [1989] STC 898 that the
expenditure does not qualify for deduction if the object of the expenditure
was to serve another private purpose in addition to the business purpose for
which it was purportedly incurred. In ascertaining the object of the
expenditure for this purpose, the subjective evidence of the Appellant is not
determinative. Lord Brightman in _Mallalieu v Drummond_ said at (p 673):

_“I reject the notion that the object of a taxpayer is inevitably limited to
the particular conscious motive in mind at the moment of expenditure. Of
course the motive of which the taxpayer is conscious is of vital significance,
but it is not inevitably the only object which the commissioners are entitled
to find to exist.”_

18\. In this regard, the Appellant called in evidence the testimony of E, the
secretary of the company. The affidavit disclosed details about the kidnapping
and the role of C in the Appellant’s business but little about the purpose the
Appellant had in mind at the time the expenditure was first incurred. Under
cross examination, E was unable to elaborate further as he was not involved in
the relevant decision making process.

19\. Even if we were prepared to assume that the employment of the bodyguard
for C was regarded as being vital to the business interests of the Appellant,
the Board is unable to agree with the counsel for the Appellant that the facts
compel us to find that that was the only object of the expenditure. We are
fortified in our view by the judgment of Millett L.J in _Vodafone Cellular Ltd
v Shaw_ [1997] STC 734 at 742-3:

_“The question does not involve an inquiry of the taxpayer whether he
consciously intended to obtain a trade or personal advantage by the payment.
The primary inquiry is to ascertain what was the particular object of the
taxpayer in making the payment. Once that is ascertained, its characterisation
as a trade or private purpose is in my opinion a matter for the commissioners,
not for the taxpayer. Thus in Mallalieu v Drummond (Inspector of Taxes) the
primary question was not whether Miss Mallalieu intended her expenditure on
clothes to serve exclusively a professional purpose or partly a professional
and partly a private purpose, but whether it was intended not only to enable
her to comply with the requirements of the Bar Council when appearing as a
barrister in court but also to preserve warmth and decency.”_

20\. In any event, we are of the opinion that the expenditure incurred in the
employment of the bodyguard is similar to those cases involving clothing as in
_Mallalieu v Drummond (Inspector of Taxes)_. To cite Millett L.J in _Vodafone
Cellular Ltd v Shaw_ [1997] STC 734 (at p 742) again,

_“In the case of an individual taxpayer, the other purpose is usually a
private purpose of his own. In a case like the present, where the taxpayer
company is a company forming part of a group, the other purpose is likely to
be the purpose of the trade of one or more of the other companies in the
group. But the same principles apply……_

_……Although the taxpayer’s subjective intentions are determinative, these are
not limited to the conscious motives which were in his mind at the time of the
payment. Some consequences are so inevitably and inextricably involved in the
payment that unless merely incidental they must be taken to be a purpose for
which the payment was made.”_

21\. Thus, we are of the view that the expenditure in question clearly
entailed a private purpose as the inevitable and inextricable consequence was
the protection of the physical integrity and well being of C. This is
indistinguishable from the warmth and decency that Ms Mallalieu enjoyed in
relation to the sober garb she wore.

[italics in original]

7  In these circumstances, the CIT relied on s 81(2) of the said Income Tax
legislation. For completeness, I cite below ss 81(1) and 81(2):

**81.** —(1) Except as provided in this section, the decision of the Board
shall be final.

(2) In any case in which the amount of tax payable, as determined by the Board
(excluding the amount of any costs awarded) exceeds $200, the appellant or the
Comptroller may appeal to the High Court from the decision of the Board upon
any question of law or of mixed law and fact.

8  Accordingly, the appellant cannot appeal from the Board’s decision if it is
purely one of fact. This principle was not disputed by the appellant. The CIT
submitted that the Board’s decision was based on findings of fact. Paragraph 2
of its skeletal arguments state:

The learned Board had considered all the pertinent facts and made the
following findings of fact:

(i) that there was no reliable evidence of the purpose of the Appellant in the
employment of the bodyguard;

(ii) that even if the Board were to assume that the Appellant had a business
purpose in the employment of the bodyguard, there must also be a non-business
purpose as the protection of the well being of [C] was an inevitable and
inextricable consequence of the employment of the bodyguard.

9  On the other hand, the appellant’s case did not even assert that its appeal
from the decision of the Board was on a question of law or of mixed law and
fact. It was only during oral submissions that Mr Leon Kwong Wing, counsel for
the appellant, submitted that the Board’s decision was wrong as a matter of
law. However, Mr Leon still did not elaborate as to what the question of law
was on which the Board had supposedly erred.

10 It was not disputed that in considering whether an outgoing or expense was
wholly and exclusively incurred in the production of income, the purpose of
the expenditure has to be considered. This in turn necessitates a
consideration of the taxpayer’s “object” in making the expenditure. In
_Mallalieu v Drummond_ [1983] 2 AC 861 (“ _Mallalieu_ ”), Lord Brightman, who
delivered the judgment for the majority of the law lords, said at 870:

To ascertain whether the money was expanded to serve the purposes of the
taxpayer’s business it is necessary to discover the taxpayer’s “object” in
making the expenditure: see _Morgan_ v. _Tate & Lyle Ltd_ [1955] A.C. 21, 37,
47. As the taxpayer’s “object” in making the expenditure has to be found, it
inevitably follows that (save in obvious cases which speak for themselves) the
commissioners need to look into the taxpayer’s mind at the moment when the
expenditure is made. After events are irrelevant to the application of section
130 except as a reflection of the taxpayer’s state of mind at the time of the
expenditure.

If it appears that the object of the taxpayers at the time of the expenditure
was to serve two purposes, the purposes of his business and other purposes, it
is immaterial to the application of section 130 (_a_) that the business
purposes are the predominant purposes intended to be served.

The object of the taxpayer in making the expenditure must be distinguished
from the effect of the expenditure. An expenditure may be made exclusively to
serve the purposes of the business, but it may have a private advantage. The
existence of that private advantage does not necessarily preclude the
exclusivity of the business purposes.

I should add that _Mallalieu_ involved a consideration of s 130(_a_) of the
Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1970 (c 10) (UK) which is in substance
similar to our ss 14(1) and 15(1)(_b_).

11 In the later case of _Vodafone Cellular Ltd v Shaw_ [1997] STC 734, Millett
LJ said at 742:

The leading modern cases on the application of the exclusively test are
_Mallalieu v Drummond (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1983] STC 665, [1983] 2 AC 861
and _MacKinlay (Inspector of Taxes) v Arthur Young McClelland Moores & Co_
[1989] STC 898, [1990] 2 AC 239. From these cases the following propositions
may be derived. (1) The words for the purposes of the trade mean to serve the
purposes of the trade. They do not mean for the purposes of the taxpayer but
for the purposes of the trade, which is a different concept. _A fortiori_ they
do not mean for the benefit of the taxpayer. (2) To ascertain whether the
payment was made for the purposes of the taxpayer’s trade it is necessary to
discover his object in making the payment. Save in obvious cases which speak
for themselves, this involves an inquiry into the taxpayer’s subjective
intentions at the time of the payment. (3) The object of the taxpayer in
making the payment must be distinguished from the effect of the payment. A
payment may be made exclusively for the purpose of the trade even though it
also secures a private benefit. This will be the case if the securing of the
private benefit was not the object of the payment but merely a consequential
and incidental effect of the payment. (4) Although the taxpayer’s subjective
intentions are determinative, these are not limited to the conscious motives
which were in his mind at the time of the payment. Some consequences are so
inevitably and inextricably involved in the payment that unless merely
incidental they must be taken to be a purpose for which the payment was made.

To these propositions I would add one more. The question does not involve an
inquiry of the taxpayer whether he consciously intended to obtain a trade or
personal advantage by the payment. The primary inquiry is to ascertain what
was the particular object of the taxpayer in making the payment. Once that is
ascertained, its characterisation as a trade or private purpose is in my
opinion a matter for the commissioners, not for the taxpayer.

12 Mr Leon stressed that the Criminal Investigation Department had recommended
that C be provided with a bodyguard but, in my view, this was neither here nor
there as regards the issue before me.

13 Mr Leon also submitted that C, while serving as a director of the
appellant, did not hold any shares in the appellant. He said the appellant was
controlled by someone else. Again, in my view, this was neither here nor
there.

14 Mr Leon also referred to the appellant’s overriding interest in protecting
C who was its key personnel or key man.[note: 2] However, that again did not
carry the matter further. Even if C was a key man in the organisation, that
still did not elaborate on the appellant’s purpose of employing a bodyguard
for him. It may well be said that the purpose was obviously to protect him,
but the issue before me was whether the purpose was wholly and exclusively for
the production of income. I would also add that counsel for the CIT, Mr Tang
Siau Yan, informed me that there was evidence before the Board, although not
recorded in the notes of evidence, that other members of C’s family also had
bodyguards whose services were paid for by other companies. Mr Leon was
prepared not to contradict Mr Tang on this point even though he himself did
not recollect such evidence.

15 In my view, the Board had concluded at [18] of its written decision that
there was a dearth of evidence on the appellant’s purpose of employing the
bodyguard. To me, this was clearly a question of fact only and it cannot be
said that the evidence was such that it did not justify the conclusion which
the Board had reached. Accordingly, I am of the view that the appellant is
precluded by ss 81(1) and 81(2) from appealing to the High Court.

16 I would add that even if it could be said that the Board’s conclusion at
[18] of its written decision was one of mixed fact and law, I am of the view
that there is insufficient evidence to establish the purpose of the employment
of the bodyguard.

17 Accordingly, it is unnecessary for me to venture a view as to whether the
Board’s decision at [20], where it equated the expenditure incurred in the
employment of the bodyguard with the expenditure on clothing in cases such as
_Mallelieu_ , was sustainable.

18 It is also unnecessary for me to venture a view as to whether s 15(1)(_a_)
is applicable only to a tax payer who is a natural person as opposed to a
corporate entity.

19 In the circumstances, I dismiss the appellant’s appeal with costs to be
agreed or taxed.

  

* * *

[note: 1] At para 17.

[note: 2] See para 14 of the appellant’s case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

