Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Anthony Wee Soon Kim v The Law Society of Singapore  
[2006] SGHC 219

Case Number | : | OS 192/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The plaintiff in person; Jimmy Yim, SC, Abraham Vergis, Daniel Chia (Drew & Napier) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Anthony Wee Soon Kim — The Law Society of Singapore   
  
27 November 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J

**Background**

1 This is another application by Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“Mr Wee”) against The
Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) for an order under s 96 of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2000 Ed) (“the Act”) arising out of complaints
made to the Law Society against an advocate and solicitor.

2 By letters dated 17 May and 20 July 2005, Mr Wee made complaints to the Law
Society against two advocates and solicitors, namely, Mr Lim Chor Pee (“LCP”)
who had represented Mr Wee in a legal action against UBS Bank AG and Mr Andre
Arul (“AA”) who had represented LCP in certain actions against Mr Wee. Only
the complaints against AA are relevant to the present proceedings.

3 The Law Society duly constituted an inquiry committee (“the IC”) to inquire
into the four complaints that Mr Wee had made against AA. These were that:

(a) AA had abetted and conspired with LCP to commit perjury by drafting an
allegedly false affidavit that LCP affirmed on 13 April 2005 in OSB 5 of 2005;

(b) AA had breached r 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules
(Cap 161, R1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) by misleading Lai Kew Chai J when he
made his submissions on behalf of LCP in SIC 2701/05 and SIC 2554/05;

(c) AA had acted in concert with LCP to disclose privileged documents in
taxation proceedings against Mr Wee with regard to the solicitor and client
bill of costs presented by LCP’s firm Chor Pee & Partners (“the firm”); and

(d) AA had ignored Mr Wee’s request for a copy of LCP’s application to the CPF
Board to be appointed to its panel of lawyers.

4 The IC issued its report on 20 December 2005 and recommended that all four
complaints against AA be dismissed. On 6 January 2006, the Council of the Law
Society (“the Council”) deliberated on the report and decided to accept and
adopt its findings and recommendations.

5 On 26 January 2006, Mr Wee filed the present application. By it, he seeks
the following orders:

(a) a declaration that the decision of the Council dated 20 December 2005 was
wrong in law and in fact when it purported to adopt the findings of the IC to
dismiss the offences in respect of:

(i) the breach of r 56 of the Rules; and

(ii) the breach of s 86(7) of the Act.

(b) that AA be ordered to show cause before a court of three judges.

When the application came up for hearing, Mr Wee applied for, and was granted,
leave to amend prayer (a)(ii) to read “perjury by Andre Arul”. It can be seen
from the foregoing that Mr Wee is now only pursuing the first two complaints
that he made to the Law Society. He has accepted the decision of the IC and
the Council in respect of his third and fourth complaints. I will consider the
complaints in turn.

**Breach of r 56**

6 Rule 56 of the Rules reads:

**Not to mislead or deceive Court**

**56.** An advocate and solicitor shall not knowingly deceive or mislead the
Court, any other advocate and solicitor, witness, Court officer, or other
person or body involved in or associated with Court proceedings.

7 The facts leading to this complaint are not in dispute. In 2003, Mr Wee made
personal loans to LCP and the firm. On 3 January 2005, Mr Wee served LCP with
two statutory demands in respect of the loans owed by LCP personally and as a
partner of the firm. He also served a statutory demand on LCP’s son, Marc Lim,
as a partner of the firm. On 13 January 2005, the firm issued four bills to Mr
Wee as legal fees for work done on his behalf. A fifth bill was issued in
February 2005.

8 LCP then instructed AA to act for him to set aside Mr Wee’s statutory
demands. On 14 January 2005, AA filed OSB 3 of 2005, OSB 4 of 2005 and OSB 5
of 2005 (“OSB 3/05, OSB 4/05 and OSB 5/05” respectively and collectively “the
bankruptcy summonses”) on behalf of LCP and Marc Lim to set aside the
statutory demands on the grounds that there was a valid counterclaim, set off
or cross demand against the amount claimed by Mr Wee and that the firm being a
sole proprietorship, Marc Lim was not responsible for repaying the loans to
the firm.

9 The assistant registrar set aside the statutory demands on 16 February 2005
and ordered costs to be paid by Mr Wee. Mr Wee then appealed vide Registrar’s
Appeal Nos. 32/2005, 36/2005 and 37/2005. These appeals were heard before Lai
Kew Chai J on 31 March 2005. Lai J dismissed the appeals. On 28 April 2005,
after hearing further arguments at Mr Wee’s request, Lai J affirmed the
original decision.

10 In the meantime, the firm had filed a petition of course seeking an order
for taxation of its five bills of costs. This was granted and costs were
ordered against Mr Wee in respect of his application to strike out the
petition. Mr Wee then filed appeals to the Court of Appeal against Lai Kew
Chai J’s decision and also against the decision granting taxation of the
bills. As Mr Wee did not pay the costs ordered by the assistant registrar in
respect of the bankruptcy summonses and those ordered by the judge who heard
the petition, LCP instructed AA to file SIC 2701/05 and SIC 2551/05 to stay
the two appeals to the Court of Appeal. Both stay applications were heard by
Justice Lai Kew Chai on 28 June 2005. AA appeared on behalf of LCP and Mr Wee
appeared in person. Both applications were dismissed.

11 The first complaint that Mr Wee made against AA was in respect of the
submissions that AA had made to Lai J at the hearing of those summonses.
According to the minute sheet recorded by the learned judge, AA made his
submissions first and informed the judge that costs in various matters
remained unpaid by Mr Wee. He said, _inter alia_ , (and here I quote from the
minutes):

There are several orders outstanding: total due is about $19,000.

Here it is an abuse. Mr Wee says he will suffer ‘hardship’ – can’t really see
it.

…

Mr Wee has not given an explanation as to why he has not paid; clearly able to
pay but he WILL NOT PAY.

Mr Wee responded to AA’s submissions and said, _inter alia_ ,:

It is not correct that I refused to pay!

The other vicious remark counsel has said is that I have ‘hardship’. I lent
LCP $300k and I have hardship!

…

I have not refused to pay; if I do my money may go up in smoke. Where is the
injustice to him?

12 Mr Wee’s complaint to the IC was that in making the submissions I have
quoted above, AA intended to mislead Lai J into believing that Mr Wee had
refused to pay the costs awarded against him on the ground of hardship, and
that the refusal was an abuse of process. Mr Wee took objection to what he
viewed as being a submission that he did not pay the costs due to hardship.
The IC’s conclusion was that this complaint was unfounded. It said:

[AA] had clearly submitted (as recorded by Lai Kew Chai J and as set out in
[AA’s] written submissions) that [Mr Wee] was able to pay but was wilfully
refusing to pay. This fact is sufficient answer to the complaint. The
allegation that [AA] tried to mislead the learned Judge into believing that
[Mr Wee] refused to pay due to hardship, is in the circumstances
unsupportable.

13 Before me, Mr Wee reiterated his earlier complaint. He said that r 56
prohibits a lawyer from knowingly misleading the court. The evidence of AA’s
violation of r 56 was, he submitted, well documented in the minutes of Lai J
which showed that AA knowingly made submissions to mislead the learned judge
into believing that Mr Wee had wilfully refused to pay costs claiming
“hardship” and had offered no explanation for the refusal.

14 It appears to me that Mr Wee misconstrued what AA said on the day of the
hearing. Since then he has persisted in his misinterpretation of AA’s language
despite having heard the views of the IC and the submissions made by the Law
Society. As I read the minutes, it is clear, as indeed the IC found, that the
submission made by AA before Lai J was that Mr Wee was _able_ to pay and that
he was merely _unwilling_ to do so. Mr Wee himself confirmed to Lai J that he
was not willing to pay the costs ordered in LCP’s favour because he was afraid
that he would not get the money back when he succeeded on his appeals. It is
patent that AA did not deceive or attempt to deceive Lai J. Unfortunately, Mr
Wee is not able to appreciate that. The IC was entirely justified in
dismissing the complaint under r 56 and I must affirm Council’s decision on
this issue.

**Perjury by AA?**

15 The complaint in this regard related to affidavits made by LCP and filed by
AA to support LCP’s applications in the bankruptcy summonses for the statutory
demands issued by Mr Wee to be set aside. The first affidavit was made on 14
January 2005 and was filed in OSB 3/05. The affidavit was drafted by AA acting
on instructions from LCP. In the affidavit, LCP made the following statement
on oath at para 4:

I am the sole equity partner of Chor Pee & Partners. Marc Lim Hsi Wei, who is
also a partner, is a profit sharing partner on a fixed drawing basis. It is
not disputed that as partner, Marc Lim Hsi Wei is also liable for the debts of
the firm.

The second affidavit was made on 13 April 2005 and was filed in OSB 5/05.
Again it was drafted by AA acting on the instructions of LCP. In it, LCP made
the following statement on oath at para 1:

I confirm that I am the sole equity partner or sole proprietor of Messrs Chor
Pee & Partners in that I own all the assets and am responsible for all the
liabilities of the firm. I am absolutely entitled to all the billings of the
firm.

16 Mr Wee submitted that the aforesaid affidavits established a _prima facie_
offence of perjury by LCP abetted by AA in that the obvious motive for the
difference in the statements was for LCP to use the firm’s billings and off
set them against his personal indebtedness to Mr Wee. He said that the
statement in the 13 April 2005 affidavit was false in that the firm was a
partnership and not a sole proprietorship. AA had, he alleged, misconducted
himself by abetting and conspiring with LCP to commit the perjury.

17 The IC noted that it was not disputed that LCP’s son, Marc Lim, was a
partner of the firm at the material time. Marc Lim was, however, what is known
as a “salaried partner”, drawing a fixed amount. It also noted that Lai Kew
Chai J was of the view whether the firm was a sole proprietorship or a
partnership was a “genuine triable issue”. The IC’s conclusion on this issue
was expressed in paras 32 and 33 of its report in the following terms:

32\. The Committee notes that in the statement in question, [LCP] claims to be
“sole equity partner or sole proprietor … **_in that_** I own all the assets
and _am responsible for all the liabilities of the firm. I am absolutely
entitled to all the billings of the firm_ ” (emphasis added). Clearly, the
claim was made in the context of the argument that he was entitled to set off
his personal debts against debts owing to the Firm. There is no suggestion
that [LCP] sought to hide the fact that his son was a salaried partner in the
firm.

33\. For this reason, and the fact that Lai Kew Chai J was of the view that
the sole proprietorship/partnership issue was a “genuine triable issue”, the
Committee is of the opinion that this complaint cannot stand.

18 Before me the Law Society submitted that since the evidence adduced by Mr
Wee did not show that the firm was not a sole proprietorship and did not seem
to disclose any perjury on the part of LCP in his affidavit, it was not
possible to establish a case of aiding and abetting perjury on the part of AA.
Further, for Mr Wee’s complaint against AA to succeed, Mr Wee had to show that
AA knew at the time the affidavit was prepared that the disputed sentence was,
in fact, false or had reason to believe it was false. This was the proposition
established by a previous complaint in which Mr Wee was the complainant, _Wee
Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society_ [2002] 2 SLR 455. There, Chao Hick Tin JA said
(at 461):

23\. But the question was whether a prima facie case of professional
misconduct had been established against the two solicitors. For the
determination of this question, the court had assumed that the disputed
sentence was, in fact, wrong, because if it were not wrong, there was nothing
more to be said. It was clear to us that in order to impute fault to the two
solicitors, it was necessary to show that they knew at the time the affidavit
was prepared for Shirreen to execute that the disputed sentence was, in fact,
false or at least had reasons to believe it was so. There is no general duty
on the part of a solicitor that he must verify the instructions of his client.

19 In this case, Mr Wee had adduced no evidence or grounds to suggest that AA
knew or ought to have known of the falsity of the disputed statement at the
time of drafting LCP’s affidavit. Also, at that time, AA was not required to
verify the accuracy of LCP’s instructions that were embodied in the affidavit.

20 I accept the submissions made by the Law Society. I agree that there was no
evidence that AA knew or ought to have known that LCP was telling a lie when
he said he was the sole proprietor of the firm. The statement quoted in his
affidavit gave LCP’s basis for his belief that he was sole proprietor. There
was an issue of law as to whether the firm could be a sole proprietorship when
there was a salaried partner and this was a genuine triable issue. As LCP’s
solicitor, AA had to draft the affidavit in accordance with LCP’s instructions
to put forward the facts as LCP understood them to the court. He had then to
make arguments on the basis of those facts and it would be for the court to
decide what the legal and factual position was. As long as AA did not know
(and there was no evidence of any such knowledge on his part) that LCP was
telling a lie, he would not be helping LCP commit perjury even if LCP had been
telling a lie. I agree that this complaint was baseless.

**Procedure**

21 I have dealt above with Mr Wee’s complaints on a substantive basis. I
should record, however, that there were procedural difficulties with his
originating summons. First of all, Mr Wee asked for a declaration that the
determination of the Council was wrong in law and in fact. Section 96 of the
Act, the section under which the application was brought, does not require the
court to make such a declaration before granting a complainant relief. Section
96(4) sets out the powers of judge on hearing such an application. The judge
may either affirm the determination of the Council or, if the court considers
that the determination was incorrect, issue an order directing the Law Society
to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of a disciplinary committee.
A declaration is unnecessary and inappropriate.

22 The second problem with Mr Wee’s application was his prayer for an order
that AA be ordered to show cause before a court of three judges. Such an order
cannot be made by a court under s 96(4). The court simply directs the Law
Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of a disciplinary
committee. Thereafter, the proceedings before the disciplinary committee are
conducted by the complainant (see s 95(5)) and are brought in the
complainant’s name. It is only if, on the conclusion of such proceedings, the
disciplinary committee considers that the advocate and solicitor should show
cause why he should not be dealt with under s 98 of the Act, that the advocate
and solicitor goes before the court of three judges. Mr Wee was therefore
asking for the wrong remedy.

**Conclusion**

23 For the reasons given above, I make an order affirming the determination of
the Council in relation to both complaints that were ventilated before me. Mr
Wee shall pay the Law Society’s costs in connection with this application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

