Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jet Holding Ltd and Others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Another
and Other Appeals  
[2006] SGCA 20

Case Number | : | CA 96/2005, 122/2005, 97/2005, 129/2005, 98/2005, 128/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC (Allen & Gledhill), Randhir Ram Chandra and Nicole Tan (Haridass Ho & Partners) for Jet Holding Limited, Jet Shipping Limited, Jet Drilling (S) Pte Ltd and Maurel Et Prom; Gurbani Prem Kumar and Bernard Yee (Gurbani & Co) for Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai SC, Chan Hock Keng and Jaclyn Neo (Wong Partnership) for Stork Technology Services Asia Pte Ltd   
Parties | : |  Jet Holding Ltd; Jet Shipping Limited; Jet Drilling (S) Pte Ltd; Maurel Et Prom — Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Stork Technology Services Asia Pte Ltd (Formerly Known As Eastburn Stork Pte Ltd)   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – First defendant subcontracting
refurbishment of vessel's slip joint to second defendant – Whether contract
subject to term implied in law that first defendant to take reasonable care in
dealings with second defendant – Whether first defendant breaching any such
term  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – First defendant subcontracting refurbishment
of vessel's slip joint to second defendant – First defendant claiming
indemnity from second defendant for breach of contract – Whether first
defendant's own breach of implied term in contract precluding first defendant
from claiming damages for second defendant's breach – Whether doctrine of
contributory negligence applicable to defendants' concurrent breaches of
contract  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Hearsay – Plaintiffs omitting to call
makers of documents tendered in evidence – Whether exceptions to hearsay
established – Sections 32, 35 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Principles – Necessity for best evidence – Plaintiffs failing to
produce originals of documents tendered in evidence – Plaintiffs exhibiting
documents in question in witness's affidavit – Whether parties agreeing that
authenticity of documents not in issue – Whether documents exhibited to
affidavit automatically admitted into evidence – Sections 66, 67 Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

29 June 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The present proceedings comprise a total of six related appeals. The number
of appeals is due to the fact that there are three main parties as well as the
fact that there are appeals against the trial judge’s orders as to costs.
However, that having been said, the basic facts are common to all these
appeals and are (more importantly) relatively straightforward as well. It
would in fact be appropriate at this juncture to set out, in as succinct a
manner as possible, the factual matrix, legal issues in the High Court, as
well as the learned trial judge’s decision. We will then proceed to set out
the issues that arise in the present appeals before, of course, dealing with
them accordingly.

2 Indeed, it ought to be noted that counsel for the parties in the present
appeal focused on only a few of the more significant issues. This is not
surprising as the learned trial judge (“the Judge”) dealt with the various
issues raised at first instance in an extremely comprehensive fashion (see,
especially, _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4
SLR 417, which is the main judgment, and _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGHC 20, which deals solely with the issue of
costs). In fact, and as we shall elaborate upon below, the comprehensiveness
just mentioned is accompanied by ample clarity as well as legal justification
with regard to virtually all the legal issues raised. To this end, therefore,
we will focus, in the main, on those issues which counsel for the parties
themselves focused upon during the present appeals. To be sure, we will also
cover the remaining issues but will not seek to re-traverse ground already
well-covered by the Judge.

3 The factual matrix is, as already mentioned, a relatively straightforward
one, as follows.

4 The present proceedings arise out of the two decisions referred to at [2]
above, and which we shall hereafter refer to as “the original action” (with
the judgments at [2005] 4 SLR 417 and [2006] SGHC 20 being referred to as “GD”
and “the costs judgment”, respectively). The original action involved three
main interest groups: the four plaintiffs, the first defendant (“Cameron”) and
the second defendant (“Stork”). Each group has appealed against both of the
Judge’s decisions, leading to the total of six appeals mentioned at the outset
of this judgment.

5 The dispute arose from the fracture of a slip joint (“the Failed Slip
Joint”) on board an oil-rig, the _Energy Searcher_ (“the Vessel”), on or about
16 March 2001. Slip joints (also known as telescoping joints) form part of a
vessel’s drilling equipment, and are used to accommodate changes in distance
between the drill ship and the seabed caused by tides or ship movement. The
upper end of the slip joint is connected to the vessel in question by a riser
box, which is a critical load-bearing component in the drilling unit. In the
present case, the Failed Slip Joint had an RCK-type riser box (“the Riser
Box”). On the relevant date, in the course of being installed on the Vessel,
the Failed Slip Joint fractured at the end connector of the Riser Box, about
19 inches from the box face. As a result of this, the components of the
drilling unit attached to the lower half of the Riser Box dropped to the
bottom of the ocean. A large part of the equipment still remains unfound.
Subsequent investigation revealed that the wall of the Riser Box had been
over-machined, leading to excessive thinness and inability to support the
weight of the drilling unit.

6 In response to these events, the plaintiffs commenced the original action
against both defendants. The four plaintiffs were as follows: (a) Jet Holding
Ltd (“JHL”), the owner of the Vessel on the relevant date; (b) Jet Shipping
Ltd (“JSL”), the former owner of the Vessel and the bareboat charterer of the
Vessel on the relevant date; (c) Jet Drilling (S) Pte Ltd (“JDL”), the manager
of the Vessel; and (d) Maurel Et Prom (“MEP”), the alleged assignee of the
respective rights, title and interest of the other three plaintiffs.

7 Prior to the events in question, there were originally two slip joints on
the Vessel, which were respectively given the subsea numbers 501 and 502. Upon
finding that both joints were unfit for use, JDL contracted with Cameron on
behalf of JSL, the owner of the Vessel at that time, to refurbish and repair
them. The works were then subcontracted to Van Der Horst Engineering Services
Pte Ltd (“VDH”). Using selected components from both joints, VDH re-assembled
a single operational joint. This refurbished joint was given the subsea number
502 and was used as the primary slip joint on board the Vessel (“the Primary
Slip Joint”). Cameron then subcontracted the refurbishment of the unused parts
of the two original joints to Stork (“the refurbishment contract”). Stork was
told to create a new slip joint (“the Standby Slip Joint”). VDH then sent the
discarded parts to Stork, which then used the parts to fabricate the Standby
Slip Joint. This joint was allocated the subsea number 503.

8 In the original action, the plaintiffs alleged that the Failed Slip Joint
was one and the same as the Standby Slip Joint and sought, _inter alia_ ,
damages for breach of contract against Cameron and damages for negligent
breach of duty against both Cameron and Stork. Cameron denied all liability,
and additionally commenced third party proceedings against Stork for any
damages it might be ordered to pay. The plaintiffs initially alleged that the
Standby Slip Joint had remained on board the Vessel from 1998, the time it was
refurbished by Stork, until it fractured on the relevant date in 2001.
However, Cameron subsequently adduced documents indicating that the Standby
Slip Joint had been onshore in Malaysia sometime in 1999. In the face of these
documents, the plaintiffs conceded during their closing submissions that the
Standby Slip Joint had indeed been in Malaysia, allegedly for storage
purposes.

9 At the conclusion of the trial of the original action, the Judge found that
the Failed Slip Joint was indeed the Standby Slip Joint that the defendants
had refurbished: see GD at [42]. She held that Cameron was guilty of breaching
its contract with JSL, and that both the defendants had breached their duty of
care to JHL and JSL by failing to detect and remedy the defect in the Standby
Slip Joint: see GD at [110] and [130]. As regards JDL and MEP, the Judge held
that they had no _locus standi_ to bring the claims in either tort or
contract, and were therefore not entitled to any damages: see GD at [52] and
[69].

10 One of Stork’s tasks as part of the refurbishment job was to dismantle and
inspect the discarded parts received from VDH (“the pre-inspection”).[note: 1]
The Judge held that Stork had acted negligently by failing to _detect and
remedy_ the non-conforming “step” in the Riser Box either during the pre-
inspection, in the course of refurbishment or before the Riser Box left its
premises: see GD at [131]. The evidence at trial showed that Rajamanickam
Prabhuram (“Prabhuram”), Stork’s quality control inspector at the relevant
time, had “chosen to act in a way in which a reasonable man would not act”:
see GD at [130]. According to Prabhuram, although he knew that a dimensional
inspection was required from Stork’s quotation No QT2279-GA.R1 dated 25 August
1998 (“the Quotation”)[note: 2] to Cameron, he did not think it a standard or
common practice to conduct wall thickness tests on the Riser Box: see GD at
[88].

11 During the trial, Stork placed great reliance upon the fact that Cameron
failed to furnish Stork with the relevant dimensional drawings: see GD at
[98]. According to Stork, this made it impossible for Stork to ascertain the
existence of any dimensional defects in the Riser Box wall. The Judge held
that these omissions on Cameron’s part did not detract from Stork’s liability
for breaching its duty of care to JHL and JSL: see GD at [130]. In the absence
of the dimensional drawings, Stork should not have gone ahead with the pre-
inspection: see GD at [130].

12 On the issue of causation, the Judge rejected Cameron’s allegation that the
failure by JHL and JSL to maintain and inspect the Standby Slip Joint amounted
to a _novus actus interveniens_ : see GD at [127]. She also found the defence
of contributory negligence inapplicable. Due to the separate and independent
nature of Cameron’s and Stork’s breach of duty, the Judge held that they were
concurrent tortfeasors and therefore _severally_ liable to JHL and JSL for the
_full_ extent of their loss: see GD at [164]. As the defendants were
additionally found to be equally culpable, the Judge ordered Stork to
indemnify Cameron for 50% of the total damages. We pause here to observe that
the word “indemnify” is used in a _broad_ sense. This is an important point to
which we shall have occasion to return (see below at [119]–[123]).

13 Having found the defendants liable to JHL and JSL, a crucial factor that
affected the award of damages was whether the documents proving loss were
properly admitted into evidence. The bulk of these documents had been
discovered via the plaintiffs’ second and third supplemental lists of
documents; some were also contained in the (first) list of documents. These
documents, which allegedly proved the quantum of the plaintiffs’ loss, were
subsequently consolidated into 12 volumes (“the Damages Bundle”) for the
purposes of the trial. The other documents which did not relate to the
question of damages were compiled in the plaintiffs’ bundle of documents.

14 The documents in the supplemental lists were used as evidence of the
plaintiffs’ loss arising from the defendants’ breach of duty, and were adduced
at trial via the Damages Bundle. In addition, almost all these documents
relating to quantum of damages were also referred to in Helmut van Roijen’s
affidavit.[note: 3] Helmut van Roijen (“HR”) was the operations manager in
charge of the Vessel and a key witness for the plaintiffs. As the plaintiffs
had initially omitted to exhibit any of the documents referred to in HR’s
affidavit, they were granted leave by the Judge to rectify this defect by
adducing a supplemental affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“SAEIC”) to introduce
the relevant documents.[note: 4]

15 The Judge found that the documents in the Damages Bundle had not been
properly admitted in evidence because the plaintiffs failed on at least two
counts: (a) to adduce primary evidence of the documents or prove that the
exceptions for adducing secondary evidence applied; and (b) to prove the truth
of the contents of these documents through admissible evidence that was not
hearsay: see GD at [146] and [149]. Accordingly, she refused to consider any
part of the Damages Bundle when assessing the extent of loss caused by
Cameron’s breaches. As a result, the Judge found that the JSL and JHL had not
proved their claims other than for the lost Blow Out Preventor (“BOP”) stack,
and consequently, awarded them nominal damages for those other alleged losses.
The plaintiffs were awarded damages in the amount of US$1m for the loss of the
BOP stack, and the further sum of $10 as nominal damages in respect of the
other pleaded heads of damage. This was a far cry from the composite sum of
US$22m (approximately) that the plaintiffs claimed[note: 5] for heads of
damage such as the value of lost or damaged equipment, the loss of future
income, costs of hiring and refurbishing substitute equipment and costs of the
settlement agreement that had to be made with Cairn Energy India Pty Limited,
who had hired the Vessel under a time charter.

16 Looked at in the round, there were two broad categories of legal issues
which arose for decision by the Judge in so far as the _substantive_ issues
were concerned. The first related to the issue of liability and the second
related to the requisite remedies (principally, the quantum of damages that
ought to be awarded), assuming that liability had been established. The focus
of the present appeal has been on the _latter_ as opposed to the former.
Further, the specific focus in so far as the latter (_viz_ , the sphere of
remedies) is concerned has been largely _evidential_ in nature.

17 We should, however, mention that there is, in _addition to_ the issues
relating to the quantum of damages as outlined briefly in the preceding
paragraph, one particular aspect of _liability_ that is of particular
importance, but which was _not_ , apparently at least, canvassed
_sufficiently_ by all the counsel concerned at first instance. The focus
before the trial court was on the alleged liability of _Cameron and Stork_ to
_the plaintiffs_. However, what seemed to us of greater significance in so far
as the _present proceedings_ were concerned was, instead, the issue of
liability _between Cameron and Stork_.

18 Given the focus at trial, it is not surprising, therefore, that the Judge
appeared to decide this particular issue on the basis of Cameron’s and Stork’s
_tortious_ liability _vis-à-vis_ the plaintiffs _only_ , and did not seem to
additionally make any determination on whether their respective liabilities to
the plaintiffs had been caused by breaches of duty or contract between them
_inter se_ for which an indemnity could be sought. In the event, as already
mentioned, the Judge held that, as both Cameron and Stork were found to be
equally culpable for the damage caused to the plaintiffs, Cameron was entitled
to a declaration that Stork was to indemnify Cameron to the extent of Stork’s
share of the damage (caused to the plaintiffs) assessed at 50%. The important
issue that arises in this regard and which was not (as we have alluded to
above) canvassed adequately by counsel concerned at first instance was the
situation of liability in _contract_ as between Cameron and Stork. This issue
is especially significant in the light of the fact that, under present
Singapore law, the allocation of liability between the parties in the context
of contributory negligence can (as we shall see) only take place where there
is _concurrent liability in contract and tort_ (here, between Cameron and
Stork). This requires, in turn, an analysis of what the precise situation
between Cameron and Stork was in the present proceedings and, in particular,
the precise nature of the terms (both express and implied) of the contract
that they had entered into. Although the learned trial judge did advert to
this particular issue very briefly, this was in the context of the issue of
liability with respect to the plaintiffs instead (see GD at [119]–[121]).

19 We turn now to consider (in turn) the two specific points of focus set out
above. To recapitulate, the first centres on the issue of _remedies_ – in
particular, in relation to primarily _evidential_ points. The second pertains
to the ascertainment of the precise legal relationship (and, hence, allocation
of liability) between Cameron and Stork. After considering these two main
points of focus, we will then proceed to deal briefly with the rest of the
issues, most of which were not pressed to any great extent by the various
counsel concerned in the present appeal.

**The quantum of damages and the Damages Bundle**

**_Introduction_**

20 Not surprisingly, counsel for the plaintiffs in this appeal, Mr K Shanmugam
SC, focused on the Damages Bundle. It was crucial inasmuch as it (as we have
already mentioned) contained a very detailed rendition of the alleged damage
caused to the plaintiffs. Without it, the plaintiffs’ victory in so far as the
issue of liability was concerned was almost a Pyrrhic one. We say “almost”
because the Judge did in fact award the plaintiffs US$1m for the loss of the
BOP stack and $10 nominal damages for the other heads of damage that had been
pleaded. But this was a far cry from the plaintiffs’ total claim, which was in
the region of some US$22m.

21 We begin with the simple – yet time-honoured – legal proposition that a
plaintiff can only be awarded damages if such damages have been _proved_. To
put it another way, the mere proof of liability on the part of the defendant
is only one of the pre-requisites. Absent the proof just mentioned, the
plaintiff would be awarded only nominal damages in vindication of its legal
rights.

22 The proof, in so far as the plaintiffs in the present proceedings are
concerned, was contained in the Damages Bundle. The Judge, as we have noted,
held that the documents contained in this bundle (“the Documents”) had not
been properly admitted into evidence. Without these documents, the plaintiffs’
claim was, in effect, emasculated. In order to persuade this court that the
Documents ought to be admitted, counsel for the plaintiffs rested his argument
on two main planks. The plaintiffs would succeed on the issue of authenticity
if they were successful on either plank.

23 The first main plank rested on an exchange which took place before the
Judge. In essence, counsel for the plaintiffs argued that this exchange
evidenced an agreement by the parties to the effect that the authenticity of
the Documents would not be an issue. Put another way, the plaintiffs’ argument
was that the defendants had waived any objections to the authenticity of the
Documents. The only legal issue was that of the truth of the contents and
centred, in this regard, on the question of hearsay. The plaintiff’s _written
submissions_ also refer to a series of _correspondence_ between the parties
which are _also_ alleged to evince an agreement to like effect – a point which
we will in fact deal with first (at [27] below). Mr Shanmugam further raised a
closely related argument which, however, was phrased at a much broader level.
He argued that, in any event, it was unconscionable for the defendants to
raise any objections to the authenticity of the Documents and that such
objections constituted an abuse of the process of the court; in the premises,
he argued that the defendants ought to be estopped from raising such
objections.

24 The other main plank relied upon by Mr Shanmugam was that since HR filed
his SAEIC together with the attached documents, the authenticity of these
documents was no longer in issue; only the truth or veracity of the documents
remained to be determined.

25 It is apposite to note, at this juncture, that even if the plaintiffs
succeeded in the present appeal on the issue relating to the authenticity of
the Documents, they had to surmount one further legal hurdle. Indeed, this
particular hurdle has already been mentioned above but bears repeating. The
plaintiffs had also to prove, to the satisfaction of the present court, that
the contents of the Documents were true. In particular, they had to surmount
the objection stemming from the rule against hearsay.

26 We turn, now, to consider each of the main planks relied upon by counsel
for the plaintiffs with regard to the issue of the authenticity of the
Documents before proceeding to consider the objection stemming from the rule
against hearsay.

**_The plaintiffs’ first argument_**

27 The first main plank derives, firstly (and examining the situation from the
perspective of dealing with documentary evidence), from a series of
correspondence between the lawyers for the plaintiffs on the one hand and the
lawyers for Cameron and Stork on the other.[note: 6] On close examination of
this correspondence, however, we are unable to find that there had been an
agreement as such between the parties that the Documents would be admitted
into evidence. On the contrary, there is nothing in this series of
correspondence which suggests that counsel for the defendants had in fact
resiled from, or compromised in any way, the _objections_ that they had taken
during the trial itself and which we refer to in more detail below (at
[68]–[71]). In their written submissions, the plaintiffs do refer to the
facsimile from _their own_ lawyers dated 5 November 2004 to the defendants’
lawyers.[note: 7] However, the _plaintiffs’_ own understanding of the
situation does _not necessarily_ translate into an agreement on the part of
all the parties concerned – especially when we take into account their obvious
self-interest in the matter. It is true that the facsimile from counsel for
Stork dated 6 November 2004[note: 8] might lend some ostensible support to the
plaintiffs’ arguments in this regard. However, this last-mentioned response is
not, in our view, unambiguous and, in any event, there does not appear to be a
similar response from counsel for Cameron.

28 The first main plank of the plaintiffs’ argument also derives from the
following exchange during the second day of the trial which, because of its
obvious importance, is set out in full as follows:[note: 9]

Mr Tan [Counsel for Stork]: I have no further questions.

Her Honour: Re-examination?

Mr Chandra [Counsel for the plaintiffs]: Your Honour, just one point. Under
_order 27, rule 4_ , the “Admission and production of documents specified in
list of documents”, specifically in rule 4 it says:

“Subject to paragraph (2) and without prejudice to the right of a party to
object to the admission in evidence of any document, a party on whom a list of
documents is served in pursuance of any provision of order 24 or any order
made thereunder shall, unless the court otherwise orders, be deemed to admit
--

(a) that any document described in the list as an original document ...

(b) that any document described herein as a copy is a true copy.”

So the authenticity question insofar as I have no objections, therefore I will
now, if my learned friend says he challenges that authenticity, which they
have never said --

Her Honour: He has lost the right by now to do that.

Mr Chandra: Yes, he has lost his right. He is making a separate point.

Her Honour: He is making a separate point.

Mr Chandra: He is making a point really on -- I need to know the parameters
here of interpretation or authenticity.

Her Honour: What he really means _if_ he has given up the right _under order
27, rule 4_ , you don't have to bring the maker.

Mr Chandra: Yes, I don’t have to bring the maker.

Her Honour: But you still need to prove the document in the sense that you
have to bring somebody who knows of the document so that they can cross-
examine the person on the document.

Mr Chandra: Very well.

Her Honour: So somebody who was involved and can give some personal knowledge
is really somebody who you should bring.

Mr Chandra: Very well, Your Honour. In that case, may I have five minutes to
confer with my clients before I just resume the re-examination of the witness
on those issues that he is able to speak of directly, because there are some
issues that he can, clearly on the operational aspect, there are some issues
that he can’t clearly as he said he wasn’t involved in it. So I just want to
segregate those two points, speak to my instructing solicitors on this matter
and then commence re-examination, if I could have --

Her Honour: All right, we will take a five-minute recess.

Mr Chandra: Until quarter to 4, Your Honour?

Her Honour: Yes.

[emphasis added]

29 With respect, however, the exchange set out above ought not be read in
isolation. In other words, it must be read in the _context_ of the proceedings
as a whole. We would observe that if this particular argument by the
plaintiffs is to succeed, there must be clear evidence of an agreement by the
parties concerned to the effect that the authenticity of the documents in
question was not an issue. We do not see this arising at all from the exchange
set out above. Indeed, the Judge appears to have nevertheless alluded to the
fact that authenticity was still an issue. In any event, the focus appeared to
be on O 27 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), which we
find is not ultimately relevant in the context of the present proceedings (see
[73] below). On the whole, in fact, this particular exchange appears to be
rather ambiguous, at best.

30 On the contrary, what clinches the case, so to speak, against the
plaintiffs in so far as this particular argument is concerned is the fact that
we find _the precise opposite_ occurring in the form of _clear_ _objections
taken by the defendants and which were noted by the Judge herself_ (see
generally below at [72]). Further, in so far as the exchange last quoted was
concerned, this took place on the _same day_ of trial as the _objections_
taken by the defendants.

31 Counsel for the plaintiffs also briefly relied, as noted above, on a
broader argument that had its source in the concept of fairness in general and
the doctrine of estoppel in particular. In this regard, he relied on the
Australian High Court decision of _The Commonwealth of Australia v Verwayen_
(1990) 170 CLR 394.

32 The doctrine of estoppel, like all legal doctrines, must be proved. It is
not even clear that counsel for the plaintiffs was utilising the doctrine
proper although he was certainly relying on the _spirit_ underlying it – which
is to prevent unconscionable conduct. This much is, in our view, clear from
his reference to an alleged abuse of the process of court by the defendants.
With respect, however, the argument was run too vaguely and altogether too
briefly. As for the argument from fairness, this is dealt with when we
consider a similar argument in a related context below (at [40]–[65]).

33 Most importantly, however, is the fact that _the Judge herself_ made a
clear finding to the effect that the parties had _not_ entered into the
agreement so strenuously argued for by Mr Shanmugam. As she put it, “[t]here
was also _no agreement_ to dispense with formal proof of the claims for
damages” [emphasis added] (GD at [145]). Indeed, as we shall see below, the
Judge actually held _the precise opposite –_ that the defendants had, instead,
_objected to_ the introduction of the Documents (see [68]–[71] below). Mr
Shanmugam, however, sought to argue that the Judge had somehow been mistaken
and had missed what in his view was the crucial exchange set out above. In the
first instance, we have found that that exchange did not support the argument
that there had indeed been an agreement between the parties with regard to the
introduction of the Documents. More to the point, it is highly unlikely, in
our view, that the Judge could have overlooked this very crucial point,
dealing with a very crucial part of the case. Mr Shanmugam argued that this
was possible in the light of the length of the proceedings. We are of the view
that the length of the proceedings as well as the volume of documents are not
material considerations in this regard. A trial judge is present throughout
the proceedings and is fully cognisant of all that has transpired. More
importantly, the trial judge constantly sifts the substantive legal wheat from
the irrelevant legal as well as extra-legal chaff and notes the former down
accordingly. Indeed, it is _precisely_ because this issue was a crucial one
that all the relevant facts that had led the Judge to the conclusion she
arrived at must have been of _especial significance_ to her _in the midst of_
the lengthy proceedings themselves. She would have in fact been the _best_
person to assess whether or not the defendants had objected to the Documents
simply because she was, as we have mentioned, present throughout the
proceedings. In the circumstances, the plaintiffs’ argument on this particular
issue must fail.

**_The plaintiffs’ second argument_**

34 The second main plank of the plaintiffs’ case with respect to the issue of
the authenticity of the Documents centred on the Malaysian Federal Court
decision of _Palaniappa Chettiar v Tan Jan_ [1965] 1 MLJ 182 (“ _Palaniappa
Chettiar_ ”). In that case, Thomson LP held that a document which was
exhibited to an affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) should be treated as
though it were copied out in the affidavit itself. Counsel for the plaintiffs
therefore argued that, in the present proceedings, the Documents were admitted
into evidence when the SAEIC was filed in court and tendered through its
deponent.

35 This argument was attractive at first blush. However, on closer scrutiny,
we found that it could not apply to the present proceedings and, in
particular, that _Palaniappa Chettiar_ was not in fact applicable in the
context of the present case. Let us elaborate.

36 What _Palaniappa Chettiar_ decided was that where the deponent of an AEIC
signed the affidavit concerned, he or she was also deemed to have signed the
documents exhibited to it as well. In other words, the _contents_ of the AEIC
would be deemed to _include_ the _contents_ of the documents exhibited to it
as well. _However_ , the crucial issue before this court was _quite different_
; it concerned the issue as to whether or not _the actual documents themselves
were admitted into evidence together with the affidavit itself_. If, in fact,
documents such as those involved in the present appeal were _automatically_
admitted _into evidence_ by virtue of the fact that they were exhibited to the
affidavit concerned _without more_ , this would, in our view, _enable parties
to circumvent the relevant rules and principles embodied within the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) which are intended to ensure that only the best
evidence is admitted into evidence_. Indeed, such an argument, if accepted,
would, with respect, make _a mockery of_ the rules and principles in the
Evidence Act. In an extreme situation, _wholly bogus documents_ could be
admitted simply because the deponent of the affidavit had exhibited them to
the affidavit itself. To be sure, the documents concerned would constitute
part of his AEIC, but _whether or not such documents could be admitted into
evidence as authentic documents would depend on whether or not they satisfied
the requisite criteria contained in the Evidence Act or fell within the
relevant exceptions contained therein_. To take another (and less extreme)
situation, if the plaintiffs’ argument is accepted, then the deponent of the
affidavit could exhibit _any manner_ of document. In such a situation, is the
court to _assume_ that such documents have satisfied the legal requirements
under the Evidence Act? Is not the other party (the defendants in the present
proceedings) legally entitled to object to the authenticity of the Documents
and require that they be admitted _in accordance with the proper rules of
evidence_? After all, do not the rules and principles of evidence
(particularly as embodied within the Evidence Act) serve a _purpose_ (indeed,
an _important_ purpose)? These rules and principles are not, in other words,
mere window-dressing. Indeed, it would be appropriate at this juncture to set
out briefly the rationale of the relevant rules and principles themselves in
order to demonstrate how important a role they play in the administration of
justice.

37 The relevant provisions are ss 63 to 67 of the Evidence Act, although the
focus in the present proceedings will be on ss 66 and 67. The provisions
themselves (without the accompanying Explanation(s) and/or Illustration(s))
read as follows:

**Proof of contents of documents**

**63.** The contents of documents may be proved by primary or by secondary
evidence.

**Primary evidence**

**64.** Primary evidence means the document itself produced for the inspection
of the court.

**Secondary evidence**

**65.** Secondary evidence means and includes —

(_a_) certified copies given under the provisions hereinafter contained;

(_b_) copies made from the original by electronic, electrochemical, chemical,
magnetic, mechanical, optical, telematic or other technical processes, which
in themselves ensure the accuracy of the copy, and copies compared with such
copies;

(_c_) copies made from or compared with the original;

(_d_) counterparts of documents as against the parties who did not execute
them;

(_e_) oral accounts of the contents of a document given by some person who has
himself seen it.

**Proof of documents by primary evidence**

**66.** Documents must be proved by primary evidence except in the cases
mentioned in section 67.

**Cases in which secondary evidence relating to documents may be given**

**67.** —(1) Secondary evidence may be given of the existence, condition or
contents of a document admissible in evidence in the following cases:

(_a_) when the original is shown or appears to be in the possession or power
of —

(i) the person against whom the document is sought to be proved;

(ii) any person out of reach of or not subject to the process of the court; or

(iii) any person legally bound to produce it,

and when, after the notice mentioned in section 68, such person does not
produce it;

(_b_) when the existence, condition or contents of the original have been
proved to be admitted in writing by the person against whom it is proved or by
his representative in interest;

(_c_) when the original has been destroyed or lost, or when the party offering
evidence of its contents cannot for any other reason not arising from his own
default or neglect produce it in reasonable time;

(_d_) when the original is of such a nature as not to be easily movable;

(_e_) when the original is a public document within the meaning of section 76;

(_f_) when the original is a document of which a certified copy is permitted
by this Act or by any other law in force for the time being in Singapore to be
given in evidence;

(_g_) when the originals consist of numerous accounts or other documents which
cannot conveniently be examined in court, and the fact to be proved is the
general result of the whole collection.

(2) In cases (_a_), (_c_) and (_d_), any secondary evidence of the contents of
the document is admissible.

(3) In case (_b_), the written admission is admissible.

(4) In case (_e_) or (_f_), a certified copy of the document but no other kind
of secondary evidence is admissible.

(5) In case (_g_), evidence may be given as to the general result of the
documents by any person who has examined them and who is skilled in the
examination of such documents.

38 The provisions set out above (in particular, s 66) have, as their core
rationale, the aim of ensuring that the _best evidence_ is available before
the court (see GD at [146] as well as _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ (Wadhwa and
Company, 15th Ed, 1999) vol 1 (“ _Sarkar_ ”) at pp 1059, 1073, 1078–1079 and
_Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ (Butterworths, 17th Ed,
2001) vol II (“ _Woodroffe & Amir Ali_”) at pp 2849–2850 and 2884). That is
why the general rule (again, in s 66) is that all documents must be proved by
primary evidence, with “primary evidence” being defined (in s 64) as meaning “
_the document itself_ produced for the inspection of the court” [emphasis
added]. Section 66 does, however, expressly provide for an exception where
_secondary_ evidence might be given _in the circumstances set out in s 67_.
Applying these straightforward principles to the present appeal, it is clear,
first, that the requirements in s 66 have not been satisfied. At _no_ stage in
the proceedings before the Judge were the _original documents_ produced.
Secondly, it is equally clear that the requirements in s 67 were not satisfied
either.

39 At this juncture, because Mr Shanmugam did make some passing reference to
the parol evidence rule as embodied within ss 93 and 94 of the Evidence Act,
we need to observe (also in passing) that this last-mentioned set of
provisions must be _distinguished from_ those presently considered (_viz_ , ss
63–67 of the Evidence Act). It is true that there could be some overlap or
even coincidence where the evidence concerned falls within the purview of ss
93 and 94. However, absent such a _factual_ coincidence, these last-mentioned
provisions do in fact serve quite different purposes (and see, for example,
_Sarkar_ at p 1074). As a leading textbook also puts it (see _Woodroffe & Amir
Ali_ at pp 2886–2887):

The provisions [_sic_] of s 64 [of the Indian Evidence Act, which is the
equivalent of s 66 of the Singapore Evidence Act] must be distinguished from
those of s 91 [of the Indian Evidence Act, which is the equivalent of s 93 of
the Singapore Evidence Act]. The latter deals with matters which the parties
have put in writing or which the law requires to be in writing. In such cases,
except where secondary evidence may be given, the document is an exclusive
record of that which it embodies. The parties are not at liberty to resort to
other evidence.

All that the present section [_viz_ , s 64 of the Indian Evidence Act] says is
that if it is desired to prove the contents of a document, the document itself
must, save in certain exceptional cases, be produced. But, if a writing does
not fall within either of the classes already described, no reason exists, why
it should exclude oral evidence.

**_Of impracticality, unfairness and balance_**

40 Counsel for the plaintiffs sought – indirectly, at least – to suggest that
it was both impractical as well as unfair to expect the plaintiffs to satisfy
the above-mentioned provisions, especially since the number of documents was
voluminous. However, such arguments from practicality and fairness must have a
legal basis. In fact, the legal basis that is relevant to the present
proceedings appear to point in the _opposite_ direction in so far as the
plaintiffs are concerned. As we have seen, the relevant provisions of the
Evidence Act (in particular, ss 66 and 67 thereof) indicate that the
plaintiffs have not in fact satisfied the requisite legal requirements from an
evidential perspective. Indeed, in so far as the concept of fairness is
concerned, the whole rationale underlying these various provisions is to
ensure that fairness results to _both_ parties, including (here) _the
defendants_.

41 We note, however, that our Evidence Act was promulgated in its original
form over one hundred years ago. The quantity and quality of documents has,
unsurprisingly, increased as well as changed in the interim. Hence, the
arguments that counsel for the plaintiffs have raised in so far as
practicality and fairness are concerned cannot be dismissed out of hand. They
embody the classic tensions that often run through most areas of the law. One
is the tension between efficiency and fairness. However, the two are not
incompatible. In fact, the former is itself one conception of fairness.
Further, fairness is, as we have alluded to in the preceding paragraph, a
concept that ought to result to both parties.

42 Another tension is to give effect both to the original intention underlying
the statutory provisions concerned as well as to the changed circumstances
which were not (in the nature of things) envisaged or contemplated at the time
those provisions were enacted. It is true that it is often the case that both
are irreconcilable. One issue that arises is whether or not this is the
situation here. If so, then this court must leave any reform to the Singapore
parliament itself.

43 Put simply in the context of the present proceedings, the tension appears
to be as follows: How should the court give effect to the underlying rationale
of (in particular) ss 66 and 67 of the Evidence Act on the one hand, as well
as ensure, on the other hand, that by giving effect to this rationale,
inefficiency and unfairness do not ensue as a result? This latter
consideration – not, perhaps, present at the time the Evidence Act was
_originally_ introduced in the local context – should not, in our view, be
ignored because to do so would be tantamount to ignoring the practical
realities in a changed (and ever-changing) legal milieu.

44 By way of preliminary observation, although it is true that a copious
number of documents were involved in the present proceedings, it is equally
true that any problems of authenticity could have been surmounted (as they
often are in cases of this nature) by an agreed bundle of documents, although
(unfortunately) this was not the case here. However, it must be emphasised
that whilst formal proof of the documents concerned is dispensed with by an
agreed bundle of documents, the _truth_ of their contents will still have to
be proved in the absence of any agreement or admission to the contrary. In
this regard, the observations in the Singapore High Court decision of _Goh Ya
Tian v Tan Song Gou_ [1980–1981] SLR 578 at 581, [12] are too broad inasmuch
as they suggest that the proof of the truth of the contents of the documents
concerned is also dispensed with and, to that extent, ought not to be
followed.

45 Indeed, when counsel for Stork, Mr Alvin Yeo SC, was posed a question as to
practicality when so many documents were involved, he referred precisely to
the solution in the form of an agreed bundle of documents; where there was no
such agreed bundle, which situation he conceded was the right of any party in
litigation to insist upon, Mr Yeo argued that parties (again, pursuant to
their respective rights in litigation) had the prerogative of objecting to any
documents tendered – with any sanctions lying in the sphere of an order for
costs. As we explain below, we are of the view that this last-mentioned point
is (subject to the issue of timing) generally correct. If the parties cannot
come to the more felicitous arrangement where there is in fact an agreed
bundle, then each must face the consequences of a potentially “messier”
situation in so far as the admission of documents into evidence is concerned.
Unfortunately, this was precisely the situation here – but with a slight
(albeit vitally significant) difference. The defendants were within their
legal rights to object to the Documents tendered by the plaintiffs. But we did
not perceive counsel for the plaintiffs to be arguing that the Damages Bundle
should have been admitted on the basis that no objections had in fact been
taken by the defendants in the instant case to it. As we have seen, counsel
for the plaintiffs relied, instead, on the argument to the effect that the
defendants had in fact agreed to admit the Damages Bundle, which was a
somewhat different argument and indeed imposed, in our view, a heavier onus of
proof on the plaintiffs and which we did not accept.

46 The plaintiffs were therefore under at least a _prima facie_ legal duty to
comply with the requirements of the relevant provisions under the Evidence
Act. They did not. The relevant statutory provisions are there for a purpose.
However, as we have already pointed out above, an insistence – without more –
on a strict compliance with these provisions might lead to undesirable
practical consequences. Is there a _balanced_ approach that enables the
objectives of such provisions to be achieved without deleterious practical
effects?

47 In our view, a balanced approach might entail the following principles.
However, because we were _not_ (unfortunately, in our view) addressed _fully_
on them (_cf_ , especially, [66] below), they are proffered only by way of
preliminary observations only. More importantly, any _definitive_ approach
adopted would have _wide-ranging_ _implications_ in an extremely important
area of legal practice; hence, there is a need for a more considered hearing
before a definitive approach is laid down by this court. It is therefore hoped
that this court will hear fuller arguments in a future decision. Nevertheless,
we do not feel that, the point having been necessarily raised as an integral
part of the present proceedings, we can simply ignore it. However, we would
also like to emphasise the fact that _even if_ the principles we are about to
set out by way of an exploratory analysis, so to speak, are in fact applicable
(and hence applied) to the present case, it would make _no difference_ to the
result we have arrived at – as will be evident from our analysis below (at
[67]–[73]). Given the fact that the difficulties centring on the application
of the relevant provisions of the Evidence Act were in effect raised by the
parties in the present case, we feel that our (albeit preliminary) views not
only provide a point of departure for a future decision of this court but also
(if we may be permitted this musical analogy) constitute (in part at least) a
closing bar of sorts to what would otherwise have been an awkward and jarring
pause in a movement initiated (but unfinished) by the parties themselves. We
now turn, therefore, briefly to these views.

48 Firstly, we must begin with the general principle that the party who wishes
to introduce the documents concerned into evidence must comply with the
salient provisions of the Evidence Act (and see, for example, the Indian Privy
Council decision of _Krishna Kishori Chowdhrani v Kishori Lal Roy_ (1887) 14
IA 71). To begin with, any other premise would ignore the clear provisions of
the Act. Worse still, it would be a signal to parties to be indisciplined in
so far as the introduction of documents is concerned. It would then be the
thin end of the procedural wedge and might even lead to the fraudulent
introduction of documents. The fact that there is another legal barrier in the
form of testing the truth of the contents of documents is no excuse for
lowering the barrier in relation to the authenticity of documents under the
salient provisions of the Evidence Act, and which would itself constitute an
important threshold safeguard.

49 Secondly, however, it is also important to ensure that – at the other
extreme – parties who wish (in _good faith_) to introduce documents to support
their case are not put through an unnecessary procedural treadmill. An extreme
example would be a situation where a party has to rely upon thousands of
documents to establish his or her case in complex litigation.

50 There is also a broader policy reason why an overly punctilious insistence
on compliance with the provisions in the Evidence Act for its own sake is
undesirable. If it is the case that a party is placed with the positive burden
of producing original documents or calling the maker of the documents sought
to be introduced into evidence, this would entail (particularly in situations
akin to that outlined in the preceding paragraph) an enormous waste of court
time and resources in the event that the party seeking to introduce the
documents concerned is seeking to do so in good faith. That being said, it is
of course open to the opposing party to _object_ to the admission of the
documents concerned and insist that the other party produce the original
documents or the maker of the documents concerned. That is his or her
prerogative. But what if such an objection is frivolous or vexatious? It is
our view that if it can be demonstrated that this is in fact the case, then
sanctions can be imposed by way of an order for _costs_.

51 We are therefore of the view that whilst, as an important point of
departure, a party seeking to introduce documents into evidence ought to
comply with the provisions in the Evidence Act, if these documents are in fact
marked and admitted into evidence without that party in fact satisfying the
requirements in the Evidence Act _and_ where there has been _no objection
taken by the other party at that particular point in time_ , then that other
party _cannot_ object to the admission of the said documents later. This last-
mentioned proposition applies, of course, in an _a fortiori_ manner when the
party who had not objected to the introduction of the documents subsequently
_cross-examines_ the relevant witnesses on these documents in an attempt to
discredit the truth of the contents stated therein. We note that whilst this
particular argument was in fact raised in the plaintiffs’ _written
submissions_ , they were _not_ the _direct_ focus during oral argument before
this court. This particular argument was addressed _indirectly_ inasmuch as
counsel for the plaintiffs emphasised (as we have noted above) the argument
from both impracticality and unfairness. However, if at all, this would have
constituted the _legal basis_ for the much more general argument just referred
to. As a result, however, this particular point was not really (let alone
effectively) addressed by all counsel concerned. More importantly, the
extremely important issue as to how a _balance_ was to be achieved in the
light of the presence of the relevant provisions of the Evidence Act was not
addressed by counsel for the parties. This was indeed the much more important
(and broader) legal canvas of which this point from objecting to the
introduction of documents into evidence (although an important point) is only
a part.

52 We pause here to note that the approach suggested in the preceding
paragraph relating to the fact as well as time of objecting to the
introduction of documents is in fact supported by an extremely lengthy line of
Indian case law. Bearing in mind the fact that the Singapore Evidence Act (as
already noted) had its roots in the Indian Evidence Act, these authorities are
of no inconsiderable persuasive value if they are otherwise consistent with
general logic, principle as well as justice and fairness, and are not
inconsistent with the socio-economic mores of Singapore itself. As just noted,
the number of Indian decisions is enormous (and see generally _Sarkar_ at pp
1076 and 1084 as well as _Woodroffe & Amir Ali_ at pp 2855, 2860–2861, 2876,
2900–2901 and 2902), and we can but touch on some illustrative cases only.
Significantly, none of these foremost textbooks on the law of evidence avoids
the analysis of the equivalent of ss 63–67 of the Evidence Act; on the
contrary, the discussion and analysis in these works is both scholarly and
perceptive _and_ includes the discussion of this point _without any sense of
contradiction at all_ (see generally _Sarkar_ at ch V and _Woodroffe & Amir
Ali_ at ch 5). This supports the approach adopted here to the effect that a
_balance_ can (and ought to be) struck between upholding the rationale and
integrity of ss 63–67 of the Evidence Act on the one hand and achieving a
practical and workable result on the other. Suffice it to state that these
cases just mentioned have one basic theme that is embodied within the
following words by Sir George Rankin, delivering the judgment of the Board in
the Indian Privy Council decision of _Gopal Das v Sri Thakurji_ AIR 1943 Privy
Council 83, as follows (at 87):

Where the objection to be taken is not that the document is in itself
inadmissible but that the mode of proof put forward is irregular or
insufficient it is essential that the objection should be taken at the trial
before the document is marked as an exhibit and admitted to the record. A
party cannot lie by until the case comes before a Court of appeal and then
complain for the first time of the mode of proof. A strictly formal proof
might or might not have been forthcoming had it been insisted on at the trial.
In the present instance, it does not appear that the objection was taken at
the proper time or that it would have been of any avail had it been taken.

53 __ Although the concepts of primary and secondary evidence as embodied
within the provisions of the Evidence Act are of fundamental importance, the
principle of _waiver_ might apply if no objection is raised at the point in
time when the evidence concerned is adduced: see, for example, _A V S Perumal
v Vadivelu Asari_ AIR 1986 Mad 341 at [5]; _Rama Chandra Majhi v Hambai Majhi_
65 (1988) CLT 586 at 593; _The Land Acquisition Officer, Vijayawada Thermal
Station v Nutalapati Venkata Rao_ AIR 1991 AP 31 at [19]; as well as
_Woodroffe & Amir Ali_ at pp 2904–2905. On the other hand, a failure to object
could simply be construed as _an admission_ that the requirements under the
Evidence Act were complied with: see, for example, _State of Rajasthan v Jeo
Raj_ AIR 1990 Raj 90 at [7].

54 Reference may also be made, for example, to the Indian Supreme Court
decisions of _Haji Mohammad Ekramul Haq v The State of West Bengal_ AIR 1959
SC 488 and _P C Purushothama Reddiar v S Perumal_ AIR 1972 SC 608; the more
recent Indian state decision of _S A Quddus v S Veerappa_ AIR 1994 Kant 20; as
well as (closer to home, so to speak) the Privy Council decision on appeal
from the Court of Appeal of the Federated Malay States of _Bhagat Ram v Khetu
Ram_ AIR 1929 Privy Council 110.

55 There has, however, been some suggestion that whilst the concept of
objecting is relevant, the document concerned must also satisfy the criteria
laid down for secondary documents under s 65 of the Evidence Act (see, for
example, _Kalyan Singh v Smt Chhoti_ AIR 1973 Raj 263, especially at [15]).
The difficulty with such an approach is, however, that by its very terms, s 65
does _not_ appear to limit secondary documents _solely_ to the categories
listed therein.

56 We believe the approach we have outlined above would best achieve the
balance required between ensuring that the best evidence is before the court
without simultaneously burdening the party seeking to introduce the documents
concerned _unnecessarily_. It would also ensure that the court’s and the
parties’ valuable time is not wasted. The other party is of course free to
object to the introduction of such documents at any time before the said
documents are actually marked and admitted into evidence. If the objections
are in fact effected frivolously or vexatiously, there can (as already
mentioned) be sanctions imposed – principally in the form of an appropriate
order as to costs. We would, however, strongly urge parties to have recourse –
as far as is possible – to an agreed bundle of documents, leaving out only
those significant documents that are the subject of dispute and ensuring that
they are clearly objected to, at which time they will need to satisfy the
relevant criteria laid down in the Evidence Act.

57 We pause here to observe, parenthetically, that given the fact that the
relevant provisions in the Evidence Act (especially ss 63–67) had been enacted
over a century ago, there might be some justification for further legislative
refinement. In this regard, we observe that the “best evidence rule” has been
eroded even in other jurisdictions over the intervening years. In particular,
and this is particularly germane having regard to what we have just stated at
the outset of this paragraph, one major issue that arises is whether or not
this particular rule has kept pace, as it were, with changes in context. As
was aptly put by the authors of a leading Canadian textbook on the law of
evidence, “the rules of evidence should reflect the practices of modern
society” (see John Sopinka, Sidney N Lederman & Alan W Bryant, _The Law of
Evidence in Canada_ (Butterworths, 1992) at p 940). More specifically, in
another leading (here, English) textbook, it is observed thus of the “best
evidence rule” (see _Phipson on Evidence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2005) at
para 7-39):

About the beginning of the nineteenth century, however, a notable reaction set
in; and from that date forward, … the decisions of the courts show _a
persistent rescission from the “best evidence” principle._ [emphasis added]

Further, this particular work concludes thus (at para 7-45):

Thus, it would appear that the best evidence rule has, _in civil cases at
least_ , been _consigned to the history books_. [emphasis added]

58 The _modern_ approach towards the “best evidence rule”, is in fact
encapsulated within the following words of Balcombe LJ in the English Court of
Appeal decision in _Ventouris v Mountain (No 2)_ [1992] 1 WLR 887 at 899:

The modern tendency in civil proceedings is to admit all relevant evidence,
and the judge should be trusted to give only proper weight to evidence which
is not the best evidence …

59 In a similar vein, in an earlier decision of the English Divisional Court
in _Kajala v Noble_ (1982) 75 Cr App R 149, Ackner LJ (as he then was)
observed thus (at 152):

The old rule, that a party must produce the best evidence that the nature of
the case will allow, and that any less good evidence is to be excluded, has
gone by the board long ago. The _only remaining instance_ of it is that, if an
original document is available in one’s hands, one must produce it; that one
cannot give secondary evidence by producing a copy. Nowadays we _do not
confine_ ourselves to the best evidence. _We admit all relevant evidence. The
goodness or badness of it goes only to weight, and not to admissibility_ :
Garton _v._ Hunter [1969] 1 All E.R. 451, _per_ Lord Denning M.R. at 453e; see
also _Archbold, Criminal Pleading, Evidence and Practice_ (40th ed.), para.
1001. [emphasis added]

60 _However_ , even “the only remaining instance” referred to in the quotation
in the preceding paragraph was “diluted” in the English Divisional Court
decision of _Regina v Governor of Pentonville Prison, Ex parte Osman_ [1990] 1
WLR 277, where Lloyd LJ, delivering the judgment of the court, observed thus
(at 308):

What is meant by a party having a document available in his hands? We would
say that it means that a party who has the original of the document with him
in court, or could have it in court without any difficulty. In such a case, if
he refuses to produce the original and can give no reasonable explanation, the
court would infer the worst. The copy should be excluded. If, in taking that
view, we are cutting down still further what remains of the best evidence
rule, we are content. On the facts, the magistrate was entitled to hold that
the prosecution had given a reasonable explanation for the absence of such
originals as they failed to produce.

It is also significant, in our view, that the learned lord justice did (on a
more general level) in fact re-emphasise the emaciation of the “best evidence
rule” a little earlier on in his judgment (at 308), as follows:

[T]his court would be more than happy to say goodbye to the best evidence
rule. We accept that it served an important purpose in the days of parchment
and quill pens. But since the invention of carbon paper and, still more, the
photocopier and the telefacsimile machine, that purpose has largely gone.

61 The situation appears, in fact, to have been taken a stage further, with
“the only remaining instance” referred to at [59] above being recently
_rejected_ by Jonathan Parker LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Springsteen v Masquerade Music Ltd_ [2001] EMLR 25 (with whom Laws and Waller
LJJ agreed); in the learned judge’s words (at [80]):

For my part, I would not even recognise the continuing existence of that
“remaining instance” of the application of “the old rule”. In my judgment, the
“obligation” of a party who has a document to produce the original in evidence
is founded not on any rule of law but is simply a reflection of the fact that
a party to whom a document is available will by reason of that very fact be
unable to account to the satisfaction of the court for his non-production of
it when inviting the court to admit secondary evidence of its contents, with
the practical consequence that the court will attach no weight to the
secondary evidence.

62 And, in a more general vein, the Jonathan Parker LJ observed thus (at
[85]):

In my judgment, the time has now come when it can be said with confidence that
the best evidence rule, long on its deathbed, has finally expired. In every
case where a party seeks to adduce secondary evidence of the contents of a
document, it is a matter for the court to decide, in the light of all the
circumstances of the case, what (if any) weight to attach to that evidence.
Where the party seeking to adduce the secondary evidence could readily produce
the document, it may be expected that (absent some special circumstances) the
court will decline to admit the secondary evidence on the ground that it is
worthless. At the other extreme, where the party seeking to adduce the
secondary evidence genuinely cannot produce the document, it may be expected
that (absent some special circumstances) the court will admit the secondary
evidence and attach such weight to it as it considers appropriate in all the
circumstances. In cases falling between those two extremes, it is for the
court to make a judgment as to whether in all the circumstances any weight
should be attached to the secondary evidence. Thus, the “admissibility” of
secondary evidence of the contents of documents is, in my judgment, entirely
dependent upon whether or not any weight is to be attached to that evidence.
And whether or not any weight is to be attached to such secondary evidence is
a matter for the court to decide, taking into account all the circumstances of
the particular case.

Once again, we find the modern approach reiterated to the effect that,
generally speaking, all evidence will be admitted, with the focus being on the
_weight_ to be accorded to the evidence concerned instead.

63 In so far as the more specific issue of _photocopied or xeroxed documents_
is concerned, there are a number of Canadian decisions which are useful
inasmuch as they demonstrate a _contrast_ in approach. In the Provincial Court
(Judicial District of Peel, Ontario) decision of _Regina v Lutz_ (1978) 44 CCC
(2d) 143, Langdon Prov Ct J adopted a very pragmatic approach towards such
documents that (in our view) is consistent with the modern context, as follows
(at 150):

In 1978 the fact and reliability of the photostatic copying machine is a
matter of such common experience that it needs no _person_ to vouch for it.
For example, voluminous authorities cited by counsel in argument on the issues
in this case were handed to the Court in the form of obvious photostatic
copies in the cases in questions [_sic_]. Counsel, I am sure, would be
justifiably offended if I had requested an affidavit of comparison or notarial
certificate before reading the documents submitted to the Court. The practice
is one of obvious convenience and courtesy on the part of counsel for which
the Court is grateful.

That is not to say that a photostatic copying machine is foolproof or cannot
be tampered with or cannot be so manipulated that it produces something other
than a true copy, perhaps even indeed under appropriate circumstances, a false
copy.

But surely, these are matters that go to the weight to be attributed to a
photostatic copy, not to its admissibility.

[emphasis in original]

64 In contrast, however, Dryer J, in the British Columbia Supreme Court
decision of _Rogers v Hill_ (1972) 29 DLR (3d) 628, required that a photocopy
of a crucial document had to comply with the usual requirements stemming from
the “best evidence rule”.

65 We find, with respect, the approach adopted in _Regina v Lutz_ to be more
persuasive. It is also consistent with the modern approach that has already
been set out in some detail above. We nevertheless reiterate that if the
relevant provisions of the Evidence Act need to be amended to take into
account an approach that is more consistent with the present context and
societal mores, this will need to be effected by the Singapore parliament. We
have set out the important changes in both law as well as legal principles in
other jurisdictions only to highlight the obvious point that we must never
lapse into “legal complacency” and that, as far as is possible, the law will
need to move with the times.

66 _However_ , and returning to the possible approach we have suggested above,
we must reiterate, at this juncture, the crucial point that we were _not_
addressed _fully_ on this approach as well as the principles associated
therewith. This being the case, we will leave it to a later decision of this
court, which has in fact been addressed fully, to lay down a definitive and
conclusive approach. In the meantime, however, we trust that parties will try
their level best to arrive at agreed bundles of documents. If that is not
possible, then we would strongly urge _both_ parties to pay close attention to
(especially) ss 63–67 of the Evidence Act _as well as to_ objections that
might be taken to the introduction of specific documents themselves.

67 Nevertheless, as we have already pointed out above, _even if_ the above
principles were _applied_ to the facts of the present case, we would affirm
the Judge’s decision on this particular issue. To begin with, we have found
that there had _not_ been an agreement between the plaintiffs and the
defendants that the Damages Bundle be admitted into evidence. However, in
accordance with the principles which we have set out above, this is not the
end of the matter. The issue then arises as to whether or not the defendants
had _objected_ to the introduction of the Damages Bundle into evidence. At
this juncture, we should point out that what constitutes an objection depends
on precisely what transpired in point of fact. More importantly, as the trial
judge is in the best position to determine the issue, his or her views will
necessarily carry great weight with this court; indeed, on many occasions,
they may even be conclusive of the issue.

68 Having closely perused the notes of evidence, we find that the defendants
_had_ indeed objected to the admission of the Documents. It is true that they
did not object to specific documents but it must be borne in mind that the
Damages Bundle constituted 12 volumes of documents. However, it is clear that
counsel for the defendants were certainly unhappy with the introduction of
these documents. We will not canvass each and every occasion which constituted
an objection. However, the following exchanges are both instructive and
illustrative. It is highly significant, in our view, that these exchanges
occurred very early on (_viz_ _, the second day of the trial_) – the _very
same day_ on which the exchange relied upon by _the plaintiffs_ took place
(see [28] above). _Indeed, these exchanges will, as we shall see, demonstrate
that the defendants were clearly objecting to all the plaintiffs’ documents._
This is, of course, the _very antithesis_ of an agreement that the Documents
be admitted – a point which, as we have seen, counsel for the plaintiffs was
arguing vigorously for.

69 Turning to the first exchange, this is what transpired:[note: 10]

Mr Gurbani [Counsel for Cameron]: Can I show you a letter. Earlier on I put in
a document, Your Honour. I don’t know whether it should be marked.

Her Honour: Which document?

Mr Gurbani: The management agreement.

Her Honour: Mr Chandra has given us the reference.

Mr Gurbani: _Yes, but the only problem with that is -- I don't know, maybe to
be sticky or proper, I am not sure, I have not agreed to any of the documents
in the plaintiff’s bundle. That is why I am choosing to put them in piecemeal.
I would rather that these be marked and then both of us can rely on the
documents._ As Your Honour pleases.

Mr Tan [Counsel for Stork]: I have similar difficulties in cross-examination.
The approach that my learned friend is taking will also be the approach that I
will be taking.

Her Honour: It will cause some problems. It will cause some problems because
Mr Chandra must know which documents to lead evidence on to introduce in these
proceedings.

Mr Gurbani: These are documents that are theirs. But there are obviously some
documents in the plaintiff’s bundle, very few of them, which I would like to
put to the witness. _The rest of the documents have not been agreed to by any
of the defendants. If the documents are going to be referred to as part of the
plaintiff’s bundle, the difficulty I have with that, and Mr Tan has that same
difficulty, is that these documents have not been put into evidence as such._

Her Honour: _Yes._

Mr Gurbani: As far as these documents I am referring to, I am quite happy for
them to be put into evidence. That is why I am saying they should be marked,
Your Honour.

Her Honour: _So for the management agreement you are happy --_

Mr Gurbani: Happy to put into evidence. That is why I say maybe it should be
marked.

Her Honour: Why don’t you produce a core bundle insofar as those documents are
concerned?

Mr Chandra [Counsel for the plaintiffs]: Your Honour, as I say, when I started
with the core bundle I did ask my learned friends what they would like to
include. They were not sure.

Mr Gurbani: _There is an avalanche of documents_. I have not been able to go
through all the witness statements so far as to produce a core bundle. But as
I am examining each witness, the documents that I think I would like to put to
the witness I have thought maybe Your Honour could mark them. That is the only
suggestion that I have.

Her Honour: You mark them as the plaintiffs bundle? It is already marked as
far as the plaintiff’s documents are concerned.

Mr Gurbani: _The problem is the plaintiff’s documents are the plaintiff’s;
just like our documents, they are our documents, but they are not in evidence
as such._ They are still --

Her Honour: All right. Let me suggest this: for those documents from the
plaintiff’s bundle, you are going to cross-examine the witness, you are
agreeable to them being admitted, call them the AB documents.

Mr Gurbani: Yes, already.

Mr Chandra: Very well, Your Honour.

Mr Gurbani: And we will produce something for Your Honour later on.

Her Honour: Yes, but as we go along we should mark them now. So the only
document that you referred to --

Mr Gurbani: So far I think I have only put in the management agreement.

Her Honour: Mr Chandra, do you want to mark them?

Mr Chandra: Yes, Your Honour.

Her Honour: Exhibit AB1.

Mr Chandra: Yes, Your Honour.

Her Honour: For the record it is the management agreement that is marked as
exhibit AB1.

Mr Chandra: Very well, Your Honour. I will keep tab of the AB documents.

[emphasis added]

70 Turning, now, to the second exchange, this is what transpired:[note: 11]

Mr Tan: I think my learned friend is prompting the witness, my Lady, but I
will take the witness back to clause 2.4.

Her Honour: It is re-examination but there is no need to tell everything.

Mr Chandra: Your Honour, these are legal submissions, Your Honour. It would be
fit for my learned friend to put them in submissions because the document on
the face of it speaks for itself.

Her Honour: The document may be in trouble as well, might it not? There is
nobody to prove the document, and why Mr Tan is asking questions about the
document that this man says he cannot prove I do not know, if it is his case.

Mr Gurbani: As far as the first defendant is concerned, I am not taking this
particular point, because it is quite obvious from the assignment --

Her Honour: Which point? The last point?

Mr Gurbani: Yes.

Her Honour: What about the proving of the document.

Mr Gurbani: The proving of the document, I didn't put it in. That is why I
never put in the deed of assignment at all.

Her Honour: So as far as your client is concerned, you are happy to accept the
existence of the assignment.

Mr Gurbani: No. I didn’t put these questions to the witness at all. I never
put in the document either. So Mr Tan has got me into a bit of a quandary when
he puts in the thing as AB. It is not AB as far as I am concerned. Just to be
clear, it _is_ not AB as far as the first defendant is concerned. Whatever
point Mr Tan wants to take, he can take. He is at liberty to take, whether
assignment covers or does not cover. For me that document is not in evidence.
That is all.

Mr Chandra: I have to make one small point here. Every time a list of
documents was filed, not one of my learned friends has objected to
authenticity at all. I have not received any. If I have, I must have
overlooked it. _Nobody has challenged the authenticity under the admission
order. So I am where I am, and they must take it because they have not
challenged that._

Mr Gurbani: _What authenticity? This is the law of evidence. We all know that.
We have been practising for so long. As far as we are concerned, if we don't
agree that the document is -- we don’t agree that the document need not be
proven in the usual way, then it has to be proven the usual way. That is all
there is to it. No one asked us otherwise._ But as far as I say, whatever
documents I have put in as AB, I have no problems with that. _But whatever I
have not put in, they can prove in the usual way. I have no problems with that
either._ So I am not sure what Mr Tan is getting at, but the only point I want
to make as far as 4, 5 and 6 is concerned is not 4, 5 and 6AB, or agreed
bundle as far as the first defendant is concerned.

Her Honour: Yes, Mr Tan.

Mr Tan: Your Honour, I think this point may well be something that will replay
itself in different fashions, because there may be a situation in which Mr
Chandra and I will have an agreement that we are prepared to agree and Mr
Gurbani may disagree. So it is not the situation in which. I want to put my
learned friend in a difficult position. But invariably there will be
documents, Your Honour.

Her Honour: So what is your position on all these three documents?

Mr Tan: I take the point up, Your Honour, primarily --

Her Honour: You are challenging the assignment?

Mr Tan: Yes, I am challenging the assignment.

Her Honour: The legal effect of the assignment, of the documents?

Mr Tan: Yes.

Her Honour: But you are not challenging the authenticity of these documents?

Mr Tan: Mr Perret is not in a position to prove these documents either.

Her Honour: Yes, so what position do you want to take? If he is not in a
position to prove the document and nobody is coming to court to prove these
documents, they are running --

Mr Tan: Perhaps the best way, Your Honour, is mark this for identification
only, rather than as an agreed bundle.

Her Honour: All right. We will renumber AB4, 5 and 6 to PI, P2 and P3 for
identification only.

[emphasis added]

71 It is clear from the above exchanges that the defendants were in fact
_objecting_ to _all_ of the plaintiffs’ documents. It appeared, indeed, to be
a war of attrition amongst the parties on the documentary front as well.

72 More importantly, however, _the Judge herself_ was of the view that the
defendants were indeed _objecting_ to the introduction of the Documents. In
this regard, the following observations in her judgment are more than
instructive (GD at [145]):

As it transpired, there was no inspection of the documents in the two
supplementary lists. There were no agreed bundles of documents. The documents
were produced at the trial as plaintiffs’ documents _and objections were taken
on the documents in the course of the trial_. I agree with counsel for both
the defendants that authenticity of the documents forming the “Damages Bundle”
was not deemed admitted under O 27 r 4(1) as the time limit stipulated in r
4(2) to which r 4(1) is subject was not triggered. There was also no agreement
to dispense with formal proof of the claims for damages. If O 27 r 4(1)
applied or if an agreed bundle had been produced at trial, there would have
been no need to produce the originals nor prove the existence or execution of
the documents in question. However, it should be noted that O 27 r 4(1) is not
concerned with admissibility. It is expressly stated in r 4(1) that the sub-
rule does not affect the right of a party to object to the admissibility of
any document. Admissibility of the plaintiffs’ documents was an issue before
me. I should add that in the course of the trial, certain documents in the
plaintiffs’ bundle of documents were marked for identification. Marking a
document for identification at a stage of a trial was a means of avoiding a
debate then about authenticity and/or admissibility, _objections having been
taken to the tender of the documents_. [emphasis added]

73 It is clear, in our view, that the defendants had in fact objected to the
introduction of the Documents. In the circumstances, the plaintiffs ought
therefore to have satisfied the requisite requirements under the Evidence Act
– in particular those contained in s 66. On this ground alone, the Judge was
correct in finding that the Documents were not admitted into evidence. That
was, of course, fatal to the plaintiffs’ case in so far as the quantum of
damages claimed was concerned. We should add that, in the light of this
holding, it is unnecessary to delve into great detail on the possible issues
arising from O 27 r 4 of the Rules of Court, except to note that our
interpretation of O 27 r 4 differed from that of the Judge. At [145] of her
GD, the Judge was of the view that authenticity of the Documents was not
deemed admitted under O 27 r 4(1) as the time limit stipulated in r 4(2) to
which r 4(1) is subject was not triggered. In our view, however, O 27 r 4(1)
expressly provides that subject to r 4(2), a party is deemed to admit the
authenticity of the documents in his opponent’s lists of documents. This
suggests that the default position under the Rules of Court is that provided
for in r 4(1), namely, that a party is deemed to admit the authenticity of a
document contained in his opponent’s lists. That being the case, a party is
generally deemed to admit authenticity unless he can bring himself within O 27
r 4(2) by showing that he had actually issued a notice of non-admission within
the requisite window of time. Despite this, it is important to note that
because we have found that the defendants had in fact objected to the Damages
Bundle being introduced into evidence, it is no longer necessary to consider O
27 r 4.

**_The objection from hearsay_**

74 We turn now to the issue of the truth or veracity of the documents in the
Damages Bundle. Here, as we have already pointed out, the main objection by
the defendants centres on the doctrine of hearsay (for an excellent discussion
and analysis of the doctrine in the local context, see Jeffrey Pinsler,
_Evidence, Advocacy and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at
ch 4). The plaintiffs of course argue otherwise. The underlying rationale for
the rule against hearsay is set out in a leading textbook as follows (see
_Woodroffe & Amir Ali_ ([38] _supra_) at p 1726):

The purpose and reason of the hearsay rule is the key to the exceptions to it,
which are mainly based on two considerations: a necessity for the evidence and
a circumstantial guarantee of trustworthiness. _Hearsay is excluded because it
is considered not sufficiently trustworthy_. _It is rejected because it lacks
the sanction of the tests applied to admissible evidence, namely, the oath and
cross-examination_. But where there are special circumstances which give a
guarantee of trustworthiness to the testimony, it is admitted even though it
comes from a second-hand source.

But it has not always been a question of absolute necessity. Sometimes
practical convenience, sometimes inability to get evidence of the same value
from the same or other source, have been regarded as sufficient.
Impossibility, convenience, expediency have all played a part. It may be
impossible, or it may cause unreasonable expense or delay, to procure the
attendance of a witness who, if present, the court could give direct evidence
on the matter in question, and it may also be that this witness has made a
statement, either written or verbal, with reference to such matter under such
circumstances that the truth of this statement may reasonably be presumed. In
such a case, the law, as enacted by s 32, dispenses with direct oral evidence
of the fact and with the safeguard for truth provided by cross-examination,
and the sanction of an oath, the probability of the statement being true
depending upon other safeguards which are mentioned in the following
paragraphs. The truth of the declaration is deemed to be prima facie
guaranteed by the special conditions of admissibility imposed. All the eight
clauses of the section are based upon the principle that the statements are of
such a nature or were made under such circumstances as to guarantee their
being true.

[emphasis added]

And, in the local context, Yong Pung How CJ, in the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye_ [1998] 1 SLR 234, observed thus
(at [27]):

The rationale for the hearsay principle is that the witness cannot verify the
truth of the facts of which he has no personal knowledge. As the person who
does have personal knowledge of the facts is not in court, the accuracy of his
perception and his veracity cannot be assessed and tested in cross-
examination. Such evidence is unreliable and should hence be excluded from
consideration. In Singapore, the rule against hearsay is reflected in s 62
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1990 Ed).

75 We should point out at this juncture that even if the plaintiffs succeed on
the various arguments as to authenticity (which we have held they do not), in
order to prevail, they must _also_ prevail on this particular issue. Indeed,
our findings on the issue of authenticity render it, strictly speaking,
unnecessary to consider the objections based on hearsay. However, in deference
to the vigorous arguments rendered by counsel and, in particular, in deference
to the efforts made by counsel for the plaintiffs, we turn now to consider the
arguments centring on hearsay. However, we should point out at the outset that
we do not find the arguments for the plaintiffs on this particular issue
persuasive and we find that they therefore fail on this particular issue as
well.

76 It is trite law that even where there is an agreed bundle of documents, the
_truth_ of the contents of the Documents nevertheless remains at issue and is
subject to, _inter alia_ , objections centring on the doctrine of hearsay.

77 However, it is also true that the rule against hearsay has come under
increasing criticism and consequent calls for reform in many other
jurisdictions. Significantly, perhaps, the rule itself was abolished in
England in the context of civil proceedings (see, in particular, s 1 of the UK
Civil Evidence Act 1995 (c 38) as well as _Cross and Tapper on Evidence_
(LexisNexis, 10th Ed, 2004) at ch XIII and _Phipson on Evidence_ ([57] _supra_
at ch 29)). But the rule against hearsay still serves an important function in
the context of _criminal_ proceedings (and see, especially, s 377 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)). As we have already emphasised,
however, any reform in this area, based as it must be on many policy factors,
must necessarily be effected by the Singapore legislature, if at all. In other
words, the plaintiffs in the present case must also be able to demonstrate
that they can surmount any legal obstacles stemming from the rule against
hearsay.

78 As we have already mentioned, we are of the view that the plaintiffs fail
on this ground as well. They did not bring themselves within any of the
potentially applicable exceptions to the rule against hearsay.

79 We note, first, Mr Shanmugam’s reliance on s 35 of the Evidence Act
(relating to computer output as evidence). However, this particular provision
would appear to be more germane to the issue of _liability_ (as opposed to the
quantum of damages). The more salient provision would appear to be s 32 of the
same Act.

80 In so far as s 32 of the Evidence Act is concerned, the plaintiffs
contended that the Judge had failed to consider evidence from John Sheed (the
Vessel’s subsea engineer) and Sean Roche (the Vessel’s rig superintendent)
that the makers of the documents had left JDL and their whereabouts were
unknown. They went on to assert that courts often accepted that the conditions
under s 32 of the Evidence Act were satisfied as long as some evidence had
been adduced on the unavailability of the relevant witnesses. We find the
plaintiffs’ arguments unpersuasive and agree with the Judge that s 32(_b_)
does not assist the plaintiffs in surmounting the rule against hearsay.
Section 32(_b_) itself reads as follows:

**32.** Statements, written or verbal, of relevant facts made by a person who
is dead or who cannot be found, or who has become incapable of giving
evidence, or whose attendance cannot be procured without an amount of delay or
expense which under the circumstances of the case appears to the court
unreasonable, are themselves relevant facts in the following cases:

…

**or is made in course of business;**

(_b_) when the statement was made by such person in the ordinary course of
business, and in particular when it consists of any entry or memorandum made
by him in books kept in the ordinary course of business or in the discharge of
professional duty, or of an acknowledgment written or signed by him of the
receipt of money, goods, securities or property of any kind, or of a document
used in commerce, written or signed by him, or of the date of a letter or
other document usually dated, written or signed by him[.]

81 The requirements of s 32(_b_) of the Evidence Act have not, in our view,
been satisfied. In particular, it has been held that whether or not there is
ground for holding that the relevant evidence cannot be procured without
unreasonable delay or expense within the meaning of s 33 of the Evidence Act
is “purely a question of fact” (see the Madras decision of _A L S K Kadappa
Chetti v R S S T Thirupathi Chetti_ AIR 1925 Mad 444 at 444, _per_
Venkatasubba Rao J).

82 In any event, we also agree with the Judge that the plaintiffs had not
surmounted the considerable evidential difficulties surrounding their claim.
In particular, the Judge had found that there had been no expert evidence led
as to the market or resale value of the equipment lost or damaged beyond
repair. She also found that the loss of income on prospective future contracts
was too remote. We agree with these findings which are supported by both the
facts concerned as well as the relevant legal principles she has cited. Hence,
even if the plaintiffs had managed to surmount the evidentiary difficulties
(which we hold they had not), their claim would still have failed on more
substantive grounds. In the event, the Judge, attempting her level best on the
limited evidence left available to her, awarded US$1m for the lost BOP. We
find nothing untoward in this commendable attempt to do justice between the
parties in very difficult circumstances.

83 In the premises, we hold that the defendants ought to succeed with regard
to _both_ the issues of authenticity as well as hearsay, albeit for somewhat
different reasons than that adopted by the Judge. In any event, we agree with
the Judge’s holding on the substantive issues and therefore affirm her
decision on this particular issue relating to the quantum of damages in
general and the legal status of the Damages Bundle in particular.

**The issue of indemnity between Cameron and Stork**

**_Issues in the present proceedings_**

84 Turning now to consider issues concerning _liability_ , rather than
_quantum_ , the key question before us was whether Cameron should be entitled
to a complete indemnity from Stork against its liability to the plaintiffs.
Cameron averred that the sole cause of its liability to the plaintiffs was
Stork’s appointment of an inexperienced and unqualified person to conduct the
investigation of the Standby Slip Joint. Under the refurbishment contract,
Stork had an obligation to conduct a visual and dimensional inspection, which
it failed to do. Thus, Stork was clearly in breach of the refurbishment
contract, and was liable to Cameron for damages, which would be the entire
amount of Cameron’s liability to the plaintiffs.

85 At first instance, the Judge held that Stork was liable to “indemnify”
Cameron for 50% of the total damages payable to the plaintiffs. Such a result
is _not_ , however, possible _if_ it is found that, under the _contract_
between _Cameron and Stork_ , Stork was in breach of contract. In _that_
event, Stork would be liable to indemnify Cameron for the entire amount of
Cameron’s liability to the plaintiffs. By the same reasoning, if it is found
that, under the contract between these parties, Cameron was in breach of
contract, then Cameron would be liable to indemnify Stork for the entire
amount of Stork’s liability to the plaintiffs. In summary, therefore, what is
crucial is an examination of the precise _contractual_ terms – both express
and (if any) implied – between the parties in the context of the relevant
factual matrix in order to ascertain which party was in breach of contract. In
this regard, we find that there was no real argument on the point made by
counsel for the parties concerned. It is not surprising, therefore, that the
Judge did not really consider the point.

86 The _contract_ between Cameron and Stork for refurbishment of the Standby
Slip Joint imposed an obligation upon Stork to detect any deficiencies in the
thickness of the Riser Box wall. In particular, Stork was under an obligation
under the contract to conduct a dimensional inspection of the Riser Box in
order to detect and repair any deficiencies found therein. That this is so is
clear from the various provisions in the purchase order as well as the
Quotation, both of which formed the documentary basis for the contract itself.
We also note that Stork had issued a letter of compliance to Cameron, which
represented that the Standby Slip Joint had been “inspected, repaired and
remanufactured and/or tested in accordance with the requirements of … Cooper
Cameron Specs”.

87 As it turned out, Prabhuram’s failure to conduct a dimensional inspection
of the Riser Box constituted, in our view, a breach of contract on the part of
his employer, Stork. If so, then if Cameron’s liability to pay damages to the
plaintiffs can be regarded as “the _natural consequence_ of [Stork’s] breach
of contract, or, in other words, a consequence which might reasonably be
supposed to have been within the contemplation of the parties” [emphasis
added] (see _Mowbray v Merryweather_ [1895] 2 QB 640 at 643), then Cameron
would be entitled to a full indemnity from Stork in so far as liability to the
plaintiffs is concerned.

88 _However_ , this is not, in our view, an end to the matter. Notwithstanding
Stork’s breach of contract, it is also the case that Cameron had not furnished
it (Stork) with the requisite dimensional drawings. In this respect, Cameron
submitted that it was _entitled_ to assume that Stork knew how to carry out
the dimensional inspection and what documents or drawings would be required
for such an inspection. In response, Stork averred that Cameron, being the
original equipment manufacturer for the Standby Slip Joint, had the primary
responsibility to determine the scope of work to be carried out thereon.
Accordingly, it was reckless for Cameron not to have provided the dimensional
drawings to Stork.

89 It is true that one would be hard-pressed to argue that the requirement to
furnish such drawings was an express term of the contract. However, whilst
this was _not_ the breach of an _express_ term of the contract as such, it
was, in our view, nevertheless the breach of _an implied term to exercise
reasonable care_. Mr Gurbani had, nevertheless, argued that such an implied
term, if it indeed existed, had not in any event been pleaded. Whilst a
persuasive point at first blush, it is our view that such an implied term was
not one that was implied “in _fact_ ” but was, rather, one that was implied
under that _broader_ category of “terms implied in _law_ ”. As I observed in
the Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v
Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 927 at [42]–[44]:

42 There is a _second_ category of implied terms [_viz_ , “terms implied in
law”] which is wholly different in its nature as well as practical
consequences. Under this category of implied terms, once a term has been
implied, such a term will be implied in _all future_ contracts of _that
particular type_. The precise terminology utilised has varied. In the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Shell UK Ltd v Lostock Garage Ltd_ [1976] 1 WLR
1187 at 1196, for example, Lord Denning MR utilised the rubric of contracts
“of common occurrence”, whilst Lloyd LJ in the (also) English Court of Appeal
decision of _National Bank of Greece SA v Pinios Shipping Co No 1_ [1990] 1 AC
637 (reversed in the House of Lords but not on this particular point) referred
to such a category as encompassing “contracts of a defined type” (at 645). But
the central idea is clear: it is that the term implied is implied in a
_general_ way for _all_ specific contracts that come within the purview of a
broader umbrella category of contracts (reference may also be made, for
example, to the House of Lords decisions of _Scally v Southern Health and
Social Services Board_ [1992] 1 AC 294, especially at 307 and _Malik v Bank of
Credit and Commerce International SA_ [1998] AC 20 at 45).

43 To distinguish this particular category of implied terms from the first,
legal scholars have referred to it as the category of “terms implied in _law_
” (see generally, for example, Sir Guenter Treitel, _The Law of Contract_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) (“Treitel”) at pp 206–213). The first or
former category has, in turn, been referred [to as] the category of “terms
implied in _fact_ ” (see generally Treitel, at pp 201–206).

44 The _rationale as well as test_ for this broader category of implied terms
is, not surprisingly, quite _different_ from that which obtains for terms
implied under the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. In the
first instance, the category is much broader inasmuch (as we have seen) the
_potential_ for application _extends_ to _future_ cases relating to the same
issue with respect to the _same category_ of contracts. In other words, the
decision of the court concerned to imply a contract “in law” in a particular
case _establishes a precedent_ for similar cases in the future for _all_
contracts of _that particular type_ , unless of course a higher court
overrules this specific decision. Hence, it is my view that courts ought to be
as – if not more – careful in implying terms on this basis, compared to the
implication of terms under the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander”
tests which relate to the _particular contract and parties only_. Secondly,
the test for implying a term “in law” is broader than the tests for implying a
term “in fact”. This gives rise to difficulties that have existed for some
time, but which have only begun to be articulated relatively recently in the
judicial context, not least as a result of the various analyses in the
academic literature (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Crossley v Faithful & Gould Holdings Ltd_ [2004] 4 All ER 447 at [33]–[46]).

[emphasis in original]

90 The category of “terms implied in law” is not without its disadvantages. A
certain measure of uncertainty will always be an integral part of the judicial
process and, hence, of the law itself. This is inevitable because of the very
nature of life itself, which is – often to a very large extent –
unpredictable. Such unpredictability and consequent uncertainty is of course a
double-edged sword. It engenders both the wonder and awe as well as the
dangers and pitfalls in life. Given this reality, however, one of the key
functions of the courts is not to add unnecessarily to the uncertainty that
already exists. Looked at in this light, the category of “terms implied in
law” does tend to generate some uncertainty – not least because of the
broadness of the criteria utilised to imply such terms, which are grounded (in
the final analysis) on reasons of public policy.

91 However, the category of “terms implied in law” has now been firmly woven
into the tapestry of our local contract law. It also aids, on occasion at
least, in achieving a just and fair result. Most importantly, perhaps, it has
formed both the theoretical as well as practical basis for _statutory_ implied
terms, such as those found in the UK Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (applicable
in Singapore _via_ the application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed)
and reprinted as Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed).

92 What is clear, in our view, is that general reasons of justice and fairness
as well as of public policy justify the implication of a “term implied in
_law_ ” in cases such as the present to the effect that each party (here,
Cameron and Stork) would owe each other a duty to take reasonable care in the
performance of the respective parts of the _contract_ they had entered into.
In the circumstances, Cameron’s breach of contract would, if it stood _alone_
, have entitled _Stork_ to a complete indemnity from Cameron based on the same
criteria set out above.

93 We do note Mr Gurbani’s argument on behalf of Cameron (and briefly alluded
to above) that the issue relating to a “term implied in law” was not pleaded.
However, given the _very nature_ of such a category of implied terms, we are
of the view that it ought to be recognised by the court _as a matter of law_.
We do reiterate that the parties themselves had not canvassed in an adequate
manner the broader issue, of which the argument from implied terms is only a
part. This was the issue of the _contractual position in relation to the
respective claims for an indemnity by Cameron and Stork_. It was a vital
issue. It was not something which this court could, with any sort of
equanimity, afford to ignore. After all, the issue relating to an _indemnity_
was raised in the pleadings and, of course, at the trial itself. But, at the
risk of belabouring the point, it was not canvassed adequately. We could not
now leave it “hanging in the air”, so to speak, especially since we are the
final appellate court in so far as these proceedings are concerned. During the
hearing before us, Mr Gurbani himself was given an ample opportunity to argue
that, based on the _contractual terms_ between Cameron and Stork, Cameron was
entitled to a full indemnity from Stork. Needless to say, he took this
opportunity. Mr Yeo was also given an ample opportunity to argue the point and
he, too, took the opportunity, arguing his case on a number of different
fronts (including, significantly in our view, the argument from an implied
term). We see no injustice resulting to the parties. Indeed, as we have
observed, a duty to take reasonable care in the performance of the contract
arising from the implication of a term “in law” was applicable to _both_
Cameron _and_ Stork.

94 Given that Cameron had breached an implied term (in law) to take reasonable
care _vis-à-vis_ its contract with Stork inasmuch as it had not furnished the
requisite dimensional drawings to Stork, what, then, is the position with
regard to Stork inasmuch as it (Stork) has _also_ , as we have held, breached
the same contract by not (according to the express terms of the contract)
conducting a dimensional inspection of the Riser Box in order to detect and
repair any deficiencies found therein?

95 There are, in our view, two approaches open to this court with respect to
the present factual matrix.

96 The first is that the contractual duty by way of an implied term placed
upon Cameron as discussed above is a _condition precedent_ to the performance
of the contractual duty placed by way of an express term upon Stork to conduct
the dimensional inspection of the Riser Box. However, it is not in our view
wholly clear that such an implied term was indeed a condition precedent. In
any event, it is unnecessary to pursue this particular issue as we are of the
view that by proceeding with the dimensional inspection of the Riser Box,
Stork had _waived_ any condition precedent that would have otherwise existed.
Indeed, it might be persuasively argued that Stork had even waived the breach
of the implied term by Cameron.

97 A second (and alternative) approach is to consider the situation on the
basis that the implied term placed upon Cameron was _not_ a _condition
precedent_. This is in fact the approach that we must now focus on, given our
rejection of the first approach as set out briefly in the preceding paragraph.
In the circumstances, therefore, we must proceed on the basis that _both_
Cameron and Stork had breached their contract and consider the legal
consequences of the respective breaches accordingly.

98 This situation (where both parties are in breach of contract) has not, to
the best of our knowledge, received much treatment in the case law. However,
the following observations by Kerr LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _State Trading Corporation of India Ltd v M Golodetz Ltd_ [1989] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 277 at 286 are apposite:

The fact that in the present case both parties had committed breaches before
one of them elected to treat the contract as repudiated appears to me to make
no difference whatever; nor the fact that (assumedly) both had been breaches
of condition. _If A is entitled to treat B as having wrongfully repudiated the
contract between them and does so, then it does not avail B to point to A’s
past breaches of contract, whatever their nature._ A breach by A would only
assist B if it was still continuing when A purported to treat B as having
repudiated the contract _and_ [this emphasis is in the original text] if the
effect of A’s subsisting breach was such as to preclude A from claiming that B
had committed a repudiatory breach. In other words, B would have to show that
A, being in breach of an obligation _in the nature of a condition precedent_ ,
was therefore not entitled to rely on B’s breach as a repudiation. [emphasis
added]

99 The observations just quoted are both logical and principled. Applying them
to the facts before us, we have already held that the implied term of the
contract which was breached by Cameron was _not_ a condition precedent. Hence,
this particular breach of contract by Cameron did _not_ , in our view,
preclude Cameron from claiming an indemnity from Stork for the latter’s breach
of contract in not conducting a proper dimensional inspection of the Riser
Box. But this is not an end to the matter. Let us elaborate.

100 In our view, the contractual obligation on the part of Stork to conduct a
dimensional inspection of the Riser Box was not an absolute one. It only
required Stork to perform this obligation with reasonable care. Such a
contractual duty would of course be _coincident_ with its duty of care in the
_tortious_ context. This is an important point because the fact that the
concept of contributory negligence has _not_ been introduced in the sphere of
contract law _generally_ is immaterial to the extent that the duty owed by
Stork to Cameron was, as just stated, a _concurrent_ one in contract and tort.
The Singapore position in this regard is clear: the doctrine of _contributory
negligence_ is applicable where the defendant’s liability in contract is the
same as his or her liability in the tort of negligence independently of the
existence of any contract (see the decision of this court in _Fong Maun Yee v
Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ [1997] 2 SLR 297 (“ _Fong Maun Yee_ ”), where the
leading English decision in _Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta v Butcher_ [1989]
AC 852 (“the _Vesta_ case”) was adopted and followed (the House of Lords did
not, however, deal specifically with this particular point although the Court
of Appeal and High Court did, with the Court of Appeal decision also being
reported in the citation just given)). As an interesting aside, the Judge did
in fact refer to both _Fong Maun Yee_ and the _Vesta_ case (see GD at
[119]–[121]), but this was in relation to the reliance by Cameron on the
doctrine of contributory negligence with respect to its alleged liability to
_the plaintiffs_ (with whom it had, of course, a _contractual_ relationship as
well). Unfortunately, however, counsel concerned did _not_ apply these cases
to the issue of indemnity between _Cameron and Stork_.

101 In the _Vesta_ case itself, Hobhouse J (as he then was) helpfully set out
(at first instance) the three categories which might arise in relation to the
possible invocation of the defence of contributory negligence in contract, as
follows (see _Forsikringsaktieselskapet Vesta v Butcher_ [1986] 2 All ER 488
at 508):

The question whether the 1945 Act [the UK Law Reform (Contributory Negligence)
Act 1945, on which the Singapore Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries
Act (Cap 54, 2002 Ed) is in fact based] applies to claims brought in contract
can arise in a number of classes of case. _Three categories_ can conveniently
be identified.

(1)  Where the defendant’s liability arises from some contractual provision
which does not depend on negligence on the part of the defendant.

(2)  Where the defendant’s liability arises from a contractual obligation
which is expressed in terms of taking care (or its equivalent) but does not
correspond to a common law duty to take care which would exist in the given
case independently of contract.

(3)  Where the defendant’s liability in contract is the same as his liability
in the tort of negligence independently of the existence of any contract.

[emphasis added]

As already alluded to above, the House of Lords did not deal with the issue of
contributory negligence as a defence in contract. However, both Hobhouse J (at
first instance) and the Court of Appeal held (as we have also noted above)
that the doctrine of contributory negligence was available as a defence in
contract – but only in _category (3)_ , as set out in the above quotation,
which relates to a situation of _concurrent_ liability in contract and tort.

**_Contributory negligence in contract – developments and devices_**

102 Although the position in Singapore is (as we have already noted) presently
that as set out in the _Vesta_ case, the position with regard to the issue of
contributory negligence in contract is still, however, in a state of
development across many Commonwealth jurisdictions. A succinct account of
developments across various jurisdictions may in fact be found in the UK Law
Commission’s Report entitled _Contributory Negligence as a Defence in
Contract_ (Law Com No 219, 1993) at paras 2.7–2.19.

103 To take but a more specific sampling of various positions and developments
in the sphere of the common law, the High Court of Australia held, in _Astley
v Austrust Ltd_ (1999) 161 ALR 155 (Callinan J dissenting), that the defence
of contributory negligence would not apply _even in_ a situation of concurrent
liability in contract and tort. This decision was not well received generally
and it came as no surprise when various Australian state legislatures effected
various amendments to the equivalent of the Singapore Contributory Negligence
and Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed) (see, for example, J W Carter
& D J Harland, _Contract Law in Australia_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2002) at
para 2129 and N C Seddon & M P Ellinghaus, _Cheshire & Fifoot’s Law of
Contract_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 8th Australian Ed, 2002) at para 23.28).
In contrast, the New Zealand position is the same as that which exists in
Singapore and England: see the New Zealand High Court decision of _Rowe v
Turner Hopkins & Partners_ [1980] 2 NZLR 550 (reversed on appeal in [1982] 1
NZLR 178, but not on this point and where the New Zealand Court of Appeal left
open for future consideration an even _broader_ approach), which was in fact
cited and applied in the _Vesta_ case (though it might be noted that Cooke P
in the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of _Mouat v Clark Boyce_ [1992] 2
NZLR 559 at 564 preferred the view that contributory negligence could apply in
contract in its _widest sense_ (which would encompass the first class of cases
referred to in the _Vesta_ case as well)). The position embodied in the
_Vesta_ case was in fact ultimately advocated by the UK Law Commission in
their Report ([102] _supra_) and was in contrast to its earlier Working Paper
(also entitled _Contributory Negligence as a Defence in Contract_ (Working
Paper No 114, 1990)) which advocated that contributory negligence be permitted
as a defence in contract in its _widest_ sense (see also _per_ Cooke P in
_Mouat v Clark Boyce_). Indeed, the New Zealand Law Commission also proposed a
similarly wide legislative reform (see _Apportionment of Civil Liability_
(Report 47, May 1998)).

104 We also note that courts in other jurisdictions have sought to achieve the
same effect as the introduction of contributory negligence in contract by
resort to _other contractual devices_.

105 One such device is that of “ _anticipatory mitigation_ ” (see, for
example, the oft-cited decision of Saunders J in the Ontario High Court of
Justice case of _Tompkins Hardware Ltd v North Western Flying Services Ltd_
(1982) 139 DLR (3d) 329 (“the _Tompkins Hardware_ case”), applied (most
notably) in the (also oft-cited) Ontario High Court of Justice case of _Ribic
v Weinstein_ (1982) 140 DLR (3d) 258 and described by Lacourcière JA,
delivering the judgment of the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Cosyns v Smith_
(1983) 146 DLR (3d) 622 at 628, as embodying an “attractive conclusion”). As
Saunders J put it in the _Tompkins Hardware_ case (at 341), where the
negligence of the plaintiff “created the situation where the damage occurred”,
“there should … be apportionment whether the action be brought in contract or
in tort”. We do _not_ think that the learned judge intended to impose a
stringent condition to the effect that the plaintiff must be _wholly_
responsible for the situation where the damage occurred and that his
observation must be read in the light of the _actual facts_ of the _Tompkins
Hardware_ case itself (see also the New Brunswick Court of Appeal decision of
_Coopers & Lybrand v H E Kane Agencies Ltd_ (1985) 17 DLR (4th) 695 at 708
(reference to the plaintiff being the cause of his or her loss “in part”)).
Nevertheless, this device of “anticipatory mitigation” might run into another
difficulty – that the concept of mitigation in the law of contract refers to a
situation that occurs _after_ the breach concerned (see also, for example,
John Burrows, Jeremy Finn & Stephen Todd, _Law of Contract in New Zealand_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2002) at p 799). Notwithstanding the logical
persuasiveness of this last-mentioned argument, we would not dismiss this
device out of hand (which was in fact endorsed in S M Waddams, _The Law of
Contracts_ (Canada Law Book Inc, 4th Ed, 1999) at para 773). It is, however,
unnecessary for us to decide on this point in the light of our finding above
that there is concurrent liability in contract and tort in the present
proceedings and that the principle in _Fong Maun Yee_ ([100] _supra_) applies.
We therefore say no more about it in the context of the present proceedings.

106 Another contractual device centres on the possible application of the
principles of _remoteness of damage_ that have their genesis in the seminal
English Court of Exchequer decision of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341;
156 ER 145. Indeed, most recently, the Singapore High Court decision of _CHS
CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR 202 reaffirms the fact that the principles
established in _Hadley v Baxendale_ continue to be the law in the Singapore
context despite doubts expressed in the New Zealand context (see at [87], not
following the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of _McElroy Milne v
Commercial Electronics Ltd_ [1993] 1 NZLR 39). In so far as the present case
is concerned, the argument would be to the effect that where the plaintiff has
been guilty of contributory negligence, any damage caused as a result would be
too remote as it would fall outside the scope of the first limb set out in
_Hadley v Baxendale_ , which relates to “ordinary” or “natural” damage (and
_cf_ the New Brunswick Court of Appeal in _Doiron v Caisse Populaire
d’Inkerman Ltée_ (1985) 17 DLR (4th) 660 (“the _Doiron_ case”) at 680–681 as
well as the English Court of Appeal decision of _Sayers v Harlow Urban
District Council_ [1958] 1 WLR 623, especially at 625). This, however, does
raise a related issue as to whether or not such damage would also be too
remote as it would _also_ fall outside the _second_ limb of _Hadley v
Baxendale_ as well, which relates to “special” or “non-natural” damage (_cf_
the _Doiron_ case at 682). Here, _actual_ knowledge must be brought home to
the defendant in order that the damage might not be considered to be too
remote. This is, generally speaking, also an interesting argument but, once
again, it is unnecessary for us to decide on this point in the light of our
finding above and we therefore also say no more about it in the context of the
present proceedings.

107 One further possible contractual device is to utilise the concept of the
_implied term_ to the effect that the plaintiff would exercise due care for
his or her own interest (see Nick Seddon, “Contract Damages Where Both Parties
Are at Fault” (2000) 15 JCL 207 at 215–216). Again, this is an argument that
we need not deal with at the present time although it must be emphasised that
a court will _not lightly_ imply a term into a contract. There are of course
two established categories of implied terms – “terms implied in fact” and
“terms implied in law”, respectively. We have already dealt with the latter
(and broader) category briefly above (see [89]–[92]). In so far as the former
category is concerned, the criteria, whilst different, are no less stringent.
Indeed, there are two oft-cited tests in order to find “terms implied in
fact”, which I have summarised in _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v
Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ ([89] _supra_), as follows (at [29]–[32]):

29 It has always been acknowledged that particular terms might be implied into
particular contracts. However, in order not to undermine the concept of
freedom of contract itself, terms would be implied only rarely – in
exceptional cases where, as one famous case put it, it was _necessary_ to give
“ _business efficacy_ ” to the contract (see _per_ Bowen LJ (as then was) in
the English Court of Appeal decision in _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64). In
the words of Bowen LJ himself (at 68):

Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
business men; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

30 Indeed, Lord Esher MR adopted a similar approach, although it is Bowen LJ’s
judgment that is most often cited. This is probably due to the fact that a
close perusal of Lord Esher MR’s judgment will reveal that the learned Master
of the Rolls did not _explicitly_ adopt the “business efficacy” test as such.
It might be usefully observed at this juncture that the third judge, Fry LJ,
agreed with both Bowen LJ and Lord Esher MR (see [29] _supra_ at 71).

31 There was another test, which soon became equally famous. It was by
MacKinnon LJ in another English Court of Appeal decision. This was the famous
“ _officious bystander_ ” test which was propounded in _Shirlaw v Southern
Foundries (1926) Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 (“ _Shirlaw_ ”) (affirmed,
[1940] AC 701), as follows:

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: “Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common ‘Oh, of course!’”

At least it is true, I think, that, if a term were never implied by a judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

Interestingly, the essay referred to above was in fact a public lecture
delivered at the London School of Economics in the University of London: see
Sir Frank MacKinnon, _Some Aspects of Commercial Law – A Lecture Delivered at
the London School of Economics on 3 March 1926_ (Oxford University Press,
1926) (and see, especially, p 13).

32 Both these tests are firmly established in the local case law (in addition
to the cases cited below, see also, for example, _Lim Eng Hock Peter v
Batshita International (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 741 at 745–746, [13]–[15]
(affirmed in _Batshita International (Pte) Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter_ [1997] 1
SLR 241) and _Chai Chung Ching Chester v Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd_ [1991]
SLR 769 at 778, [34] (affirmed in _Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd v Chai Chung
Ching Chester_ [1993] 1 SLR 535), with regard to the “business efficacy” and
“officious bystander” tests, respectively.

[emphasis in original]

108 Yet another (even more fundamental) device is simply to argue that the
breach of contract did _not cause_ the damage concerned (see, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Quinn v Burch Bros (Builders) Ltd_ [1966]
2 QB 370). Indeed, where it can be established that a _novus actus
interveniens_ has broken the chain of causation, the defendant will be freed
from liability (see, for example, the (also) English Court of Appeal decision
of _Beoco Ltd v Alfa Laval Co Ltd_ [1995] QB 137). It should be noted,
however, that this device almost invariably results in an “all or nothing”
result (though _cf_ the English Court of Appeal in _Tennant Radiant Heat Ltd v
Warrington Development Corporation_ [1988] 1 EGLR 41, which was endorsed in
English High Court decision of _W Lamb Ltd v J Jarvis & Sons plc_ (1998) 60
Con LR 1; though _cf_ , in turn, the _obiter_ observations by the (also)
English Court of Appeal in _Bank of Nova Scotia v Hellenic Mutual War Risks
Association (Bermuda) Ltd_ [1990] 1 QB 818 at 904). However, we find that this
particular device is not applicable on the facts of the present proceedings
and therefore say no more about it here.

109 The rationale of fairness has been a powerful underlying legal impetus for
the various attempts to introduce the doctrine in contract (or devices that
would, in substance, achieve the same result). For example, La Forest JA (as
he then was), delivering the judgment of the New Brunswick Court of Appeal in
the _Doiron_ case, observed thus ([106] _supra_ at 673):

What the … authorities demonstrate to me is that the doctrine of apportionment
of loss where contributory negligence arises in contract cases is here to
stay. There are strong underlying policy reasons favouring this approach and
the courts, using one technical device or another, will, I venture to think,
continue to respond to these by applying the doctrine.

110 Having determined that the equivalent of our Contributory Negligence and
Personal Injuries Act did not apply to a situation involving a breach of
contract, the learned judge was nevertheless of the view (at 677) that “there
does not seem to be any inherent requirement in contract law dictating an
absolutist doctrine of liability”. La Forest JA was of the view (at 679) that
“[a]s 19th century judges responded to the ethos of their times, so must we to
ours” and that “[c]ontribution is now consistent with prevailing theories of
both the law and the market-place”; he then added, simply albeit
significantly, thus (see _ibid_): “And it meets our sense of fairness.” While
not advocating contribution as a mandatory rule as such, the learned judge
appeared ultimately to adopt a test akin to the remoteness test in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ (see [106] above).

111 La Forest JA also referred to the concept of legitimate expectations (at
682). This concept has in fact been endorsed in the Singapore context, in the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan
Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR 405, for example, Yong Pung How CJ observed in no
uncertain terms (at [40]) that “the function of the court is to try as far as
practical experience allows, to ensure that the reasonable expectations of
honest men are not disappointed” (see also the extrajudicial lecture by Lord
Steyn, “Contract Law: Fulfilling the Reasonable Expectations of Honest Men”
(1997) 113 LQR 433). However, whilst the concept of reasonable expectations is
an important one, it has not, at this point in time at least, attained the
status of a substantive legal doctrine in and of itself. In this regard,
therefore, any argument in favour of contributory negligence in contract must
be premised, in our view, on established and substantive doctrines such as
those referred to above.

112 However, in the New Brunswick Court of Appeal decision of _Coopers &
Lybrand v H E Kane Agencies Ltd_ ([105] _supra_), Stratton JA, who delivered
the judgment of the court, adopted an extremely broad, albeit (with respect)
vague, approach as follows (at 708):

Whether one accepts the argument that at common law damages could be
apportioned in actions in contract as well as in actions of tort and that the
_Contributory Negligence Act_ … should be applied by analogy, or adopts the
theory of the reasonable expectations of the parties, or the notion of
reliance that was either qualified or unreasonable, _or simply that in
fairness and to do justice_ the damages ought to be apportioned, I do not
think that in the circumstances of this case the trial judge erred in
concluding that the actions of the company president, Harold Kane, and of
Charles Kane, its employee, contributed to the company’s loss. Nor am I able
to say that the apportionment of the degrees of fault of each party is wrong.
[emphasis added]

113 In summary, developments in other jurisdictions are instructive and
relevant inasmuch as they give legal food for thought in so far as development
of the law in the Singapore context along the lines of legislation and/or case
law are concerned. But there is no need to explore – let alone invoke – them
in the present proceedings as the position in _Singapore_ , as we have noted,
is clear at the present time. It follows that established in the _Vesta_ case
(and see generally [100] above). And it is to the _application_ of those
principles to the facts of the present proceedings that our attention must now
turn. We note, however, that in situations where (unlike the present) there is
_no concurrent_ liability in tort and contract, the invocation of one or more
of the devices just mentioned may be important in order to ensure that justice
and fairness is achieved if the Singapore legislature does not amend the law
in the meantime. We should hasten to add that by utilising the terminology of
“devices”, we do not intend to imply any pejorative meaning. After all, these
are perfectly valid legal doctrines in their own right, although they are not
conventionally invoked (hence, the terminology utilised).

**_Our decision in the present proceedings_**

114 Returning to the facts of the present case, the issue that arises (given
the present legal position in the Singapore context as established in this
court’s decision in _Fong Maun Yee_ ([100] _supra_)) is whether or not there
was contributory negligence on the part of Cameron, given our finding above
that Stork owed Cameron _concurrent_ duties in _both_ contract _and_ tort. We
have already noted that Cameron had not furnished Stork with the requisite
dimensional drawings. We have also held that this was in fact a breach of an
implied term (in law) by Cameron. In so far as the issue of contributory
negligence is concerned, we do not even need to go so far. Indeed, the
existence of a legal duty is not necessary for the purposes of establishing
contributory negligence on the part of the plaintiff. For example, in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Lewis v Denye_ [1939] 1 KB 540, du Parcq
LJ observed thus (at 554–555):

In order to establish the defence of contributory negligence, the defendant
must prove, first, that the plaintiff failed to take “ordinary care for
himself,” or, in other words, such care as a reasonable man would take for his
own safety, and, secondly, that his failure to take care was a contributory
cause of the accident. The doctrine of contributory negligence “cannot be
based upon a breach of duty to the negligent defendant.”

115 And, in the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Davies v Swan
Motor Co (Swansea) Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 291, Denning LJ (as he then was) observed
as follows (at 324–325):

When a man steps into the road he owes a duty to himself to take care for his
own safety, but he does not owe any duty to a motorist who is going at an
excessive speed to avoid being run down. Nevertheless, if he does not keep a
good lookout, he is guilty of contributory negligence. _The real question is
not whether the plaintiff was neglecting some legal duty, but whether he was
acting as a reasonable man and with reasonable care._ [emphasis added]

116 In our view, the failure by Cameron to furnish Stork with the requisite
dimensional drawings did, having regard to the relevant facts and
circumstances, in fact constitute _contributory negligence_. In this regard,
the following observations in the following article by Ariel Porat,
“Contributory Negligence in Contract Law: Toward a Principled Approach” (1994)
28 UBC L Rev 141 at 153 might also be usefully noted:

Lack of information essential to contract performance is sometimes liable to
result in a breach. If the aggrieved party possesses such information but
fails to convey it to the party in breach, even knowing it to be essential to
performance, it might be appropriate to reduce damages to the aggrieved party
on account of contributory negligence. In extreme cases, when non-disclosure
is either deliberate or fraudulent, the conduct of the aggrieved party should
be viewed as justifying the full exoneration of the party in breach.

117 Whilst there was no fraud or similar conduct on the part of Cameron,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, we find that there was
contributory negligence on the part of Cameron to the extent of 50%.

118 At this juncture, we need to clarify the amounts payable by both Cameron
and Stork and, to this extent, the respective amounts awarded by the court
below will need to be modified accordingly.

119 It will be recalled that the Judge had held that Cameron and Stork were
equally liable to the plaintiffs, and therefore ordered Stork to indemnify
Cameron for 50% of the total damages. In other words, Stork was liable to
indemnify Cameron in the sum of US$500,000 for the total amount of US$1m
awarded to the plaintiffs with respect to the loss of the BOP stack, leaving
aside the nominal damages payable in respect of the other pleaded heads of
damage. With respect, we note that there has been some confusion inasmuch as
there has been some (unintentional) conflation of two separate and distinct
issues.

120 The first concerns Cameron’s and Stork’s respective liability to the
plaintiffs. Here, the Judge held that the former parties were equally liable
to the latter. This would mean, in so far as the BOP stack was concerned,
that, notwithstanding Cameron’s _prima facie_ liability for the full sum of
US$1m awarded with regard to this particular item, Stork ought to share in
that liability as well (to the extent of 50%). In other words, Cameron and
Stork were liable in the sum of US$500,000 each _to the plaintiffs_ (a holding
which we endorse). Looked at in this light, the concept of “indemnity” as
utilised by the Judge was, with the greatest of respect, liable to lead to
some confusion inasmuch as it suggested that the concept applied to the
relationship between _Cameron and Stork_. We do not in fact think that the
Judge intended the concept to be utilised in that fashion. She was, in our
view, utilising the concept of “indemnity” in a _broader_ sense in so far as
it referred to the respective liability of Cameron and Stork _to the
plaintiffs_. Perhaps the more appropriate concept to utilise would be that of
“contribution”.

121 The conceptual distinction between contribution and indemnity, in its true
form, was discussed in _Driver v William Willett (Contractors) Ltd_ [1969] 1
All ER 665, a case that was cited by Cameron. In that case, an employer and
its consultants were found to be jointly liable for injury caused to an
employee. The court found that the employer and the consultants were
respectively liable to the employee for 40% and 60% of his loss respectively.
The court then went on to consider whether the employer was entitled to
recover its 40% liability to the employee as damages for breach of contract
from the consultants. Rees J clearly drew a distinction between apportionment
and indemnity, opining (at 674):

… I apprehend that the question which I have to answer is as to whether the
evidence established that the damage suffered by _the employers_ as a result
of the plaintiff’s claim was caused by the consultants’ breach of contract.
The apportionment of responsibility for the accident as between tortfeasors,
both held to be liable to an injured plaintiff, involves considerations of
causative potency as well as blameworthiness. _It does not necessarily decide
the issue of damages for breach of a contract as between the two tortfeasors_.
[emphasis added]

122 Notwithstanding the Judge’s determination that Stork was liable for 50% of
the plaintiffs’ losses, there remained the issue of how the concept of
“indemnity” applies (in its _narrower_ sense) to _the specific legal
relationship between Cameron and Stork_ (and which we alluded to briefly at
the outset of this part of our judgment). In other words, would (as was in
fact claimed by counsel for Cameron) Cameron be entitled to claim a _full_
indemnity for US$500,000 _from Stork_ on the basis that _Stork had breached
its contractual obligations to Cameron_? If so, then Cameron would not have to
pay any damages at all since _Stork_ would then _wholly_ bear the legal
responsibility in so far as the amount of US$1m awarded to the plaintiffs with
regard to the BOP stack was concerned. Given our finding that Stork had indeed
breached its contractual duty to conduct a dimensional inspection of the Riser
Box, this would appear to be the result at first blush. _However_ , having
regard to our finding of _contributory negligence_ _in so far as the contract
between Cameron and Stork is concerned (to the extent of 50%)_ , we are of the
view that Cameron is _not_ entitled to a _full_ indemnity from Stork. We
therefore allow Cameron’s appeal in part only on this particular issue, and
order Stork to indemnify Cameron in the sum of US$250,000 instead. To the
extent that _Stork_ is _itself_ liable for 50% of the damages of US$1m payable
_to the plaintiffs_ (_viz_ , US$500,000), it would, _in toto_ , have to
indemnify (and we note, here, that the concept of indemnity is used in a very
_general_ sense, and not as a term of art) Cameron _in the (total) sum of
US$750,000_. Perhaps the more _accurate_ manner of putting it would be to
state that Stork is liable to contribute US$500,000 to Cameron for its part in
the damage caused _to the plaintiffs_ _and_ is also liable to indemnify
Cameron in the sum of US$250,000 for breaching its contractual obligation
which it owed to Cameron. If, of course, we had found no contributory
negligence on the part of Cameron, then Stork would have had to indemnify
Cameron in the sum of US$500,000. In other words, Cameron would not, in the
final analysis, have been liable to pay any damages at all with regard to the
loss of the BOP stack as Stork would have had to bear Cameron’s share of the
liability in this regard as well since it had breached its contractual
obligation to Cameron. In the circumstances, however, we _did_ in fact find
that there had been contributory negligence on the part of Cameron. We
reiterate that the doctrine of contributory negligence was applicable to the
_contractual_ relationship between Cameron and Stork simply because Stork owed
_concurrent_ duties in both contract _and_ tort to Cameron. As we have
observed, there might well be a case for _broadening_ the law in this area by
allowing contributory negligence to apply even where the duties in contract
and tort are not identical. Of course, the _broadest_ application would be to
allow this doctrine to apply even where there is a _strict_ _contractual_ duty
_only_ (_ie_ , a _category (1)_ case as described at [101] above). That said,
as we have also briefly alluded to above, there are _other contractual
devices_ that might serve as _possible alternatives_ to the doctrine of
contributory negligence. However, it is _unnecessary_ to consider any of these
broader applications and/or contractual devices in the present case. We would
simply apply the previous decision of this court in _Fong Maun Yee_ ([100]
_supra_), which held that the doctrine of contributory negligence applies in a
contractual context where the defendant owes the plaintiff _concurrent_ duties
in contract _and_ tort.

123 Finally, we reiterate the need to distinguish clearly amongst the various
legal relationships concerned. In particular, the respective liability of the
defendants to the plaintiffs is (as we have endeavoured to point out) quite
different from that between the defendants themselves. This latter
relationship is contractual in nature and it would, in our view, conduce
towards clarity if the concept of “indemnity” is confined to this particular
relationship. We observe that counsel concerned could have been more helpful
to the Judge in this regard as this would have avoided the slight legal
wrinkle which we have now had to iron out. We turn now to consider the other
issues arising in the instant case.

**Other issues**

**_Introduction_**

124 We turn now to the remaining issues. They can be dealt with briefly. They
were not the focus of counsel’s argument on appeal. More importantly, we are
in full agreement with the reasoning of the Judge with regard to these issues.
Indeed, she dealt with them in a comprehensive and (if we may say so)
admirable fashion. In our view, when justice has therefore been achieved at
first instance in accordance with the relevant legal rules and principles,
words from the appellate court ought, from the perspectives of logic, common
sense and fairness, to be few.

**_Identity of the fractured slip joint_**

125** __** The issue of the identity of the fractured slip joint was, in our
view, a question of fact for the Judge and, based on existing legal principles
well known to all concerned and which permit an appellate court to interfere
with the findings of fact by a trial judge in limited circumstances only, we
find no reason to interfere with her findings of fact. We found her analysis
to be both thorough and persuasive and therefore do not find it necessary to
add anything to it.

**_Title to sue_**

126** __** We also find the Judge’s analysis and findings on the issue of
title to sue with respect (in particular) to both JDL and MEP to be both
cogent and fair, and have nothing to add.

**_The legal liability of Cameron to the plaintiffs_**

127 The legal liability of Cameron to the plaintiffs was premised on contract
as well as tort.

128 Turning briefly to arguments in the contractual sphere, we find the
Judge’s holding to the effect that Cameron had been in breach of the implied
terms to utilise skill and care to be justified by the facts as well as the
context of the case. We would only add that although the Judge appeared to
characterise these implied terms as “terms implied in fact”, there was no
reason in principle why the learned judge could not have characterised them as
“terms implied in law” instead (see also generally the analysis at [89]–[92]
above).

129 In so far as liability in tort was concerned, the Judge, correctly in our
view, characterised the duty of care as being co-extensive with that which
existed in contract. We also note that the learned judge had utilised the
three-part test enunciated by the House of Lords in _Caparo Industries Plc v
Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605. This particular test is well established and has
been applied in the Singapore context (see, for example, the Singapore Court
of Appeal decisions of _Ikumene Singapore Pte Ltd v Leong Chee Leng_ [1993] 3
SLR 24; _Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 505; _RSP
Architects Planners & Engineers v MCST Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449; and
_United Project Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn_ [2005] 4 SLR 214). The
law relating to the tortious duty of care in the context of recovery for pure
economic loss is, however, a confused and confusing one. On a positive note,
however, it is also gradually evolving and the legal position is by no means
the same in all Commonwealth jurisdictions. It may well be the case that
Singapore law might need to be refined at some future point in time in order
to integrate the best from these other cases. This would ensure that there is
rich legal soil from which the fruit of justice and fairness can emerge.
However, this is not an appropriate occasion. Whichever test is adopted, it is
clear, on the facts, that Cameron owed a duty of care to the plaintiffs and
had breached it. The Judge’s analysis and reasoning in this regard was
thorough and persuasive and we have nothing useful to add. Indeed, it might
even be argued that the present proceedings involved a straightforward
situation of physical damage involving an equally straightforward application
of the principles laid down in the seminal House of Lords decision of
_Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562. However, we need not even go so far for,
as we have already noted, even applying the narrower test with regard to the
tortious duty of care in the context of recovery for pure economic loss, we
would also hold that Cameron was indeed liable to the plaintiffs for the
breach of a duty of care.

130 We also agree with the Judge that the plaintiffs’ argument, that the
certificate of compliance (“COC”) dated 23 December 1998 was itself a
warranty, ought to be rejected, having regard to the circumstances of the case
(see GD at [64]). Indeed, the context clearly demonstrates that there had been
no intention to create legal relations and there was, therefore, no
contractual relationship established in the first instance. We also note that
the Judge considered whether or not the statements in the COC constituted
negligent misstatements instead under the principle first enunciated in the
seminal House of Lords decision of _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners
Ltd_ [1964] AC 465. In this last-mentioned regard, we agree with her
application of the law to the facts in the present proceedings (in particular,
her holding that no reliance on the COC had been proved, the element of
reliance being of course a crucial element in this particular sphere of the
law of negligence).

**_The legal liability of Stork to the plaintiffs_**

131 We agree with the findings of the Judge on the issue of the legal
liability of Stork to the plaintiffs. It was clear that Stork was indeed in
breach of a duty of care owed to the plaintiffs. We have nothing useful to add
to the analysis and findings of the Judge in this particular regard.

**_Exception clauses_**

132 The Judge held that Cameron could not rely upon the exception clauses
concerned _vis-à-vis_ the plaintiffs. In particular, she held that these
clauses had not been incorporated into the contract in question and that, in
any event, the clauses themselves did not cover the situation that was the
subject of the present proceedings. We agree with the Judge’s analysis and
reasons and have nothing useful to add, save to state that there was some
suggestion that there might have been a possible course of dealings (see GD at
[112]). However, this point was not pursued by Cameron. Not surprisingly,
there is in fact no evidence in this particular regard.

**_The doctrine of_ novus actus interveniens**

133**** The reliance by Cameron on an alleged _novus actus interveniens_ on
the part of the plaintiffs is, in our view, without merit. In particular,
Cameron alleged a failure on the part of the plaintiffs (principally, on the
part of JHL and JSL) to properly inspect or maintain the Standby Slip Joint as
well as to properly inspect the said slip joint prior to using it on 16 March
2001. However, we agree with the Judge that the plaintiffs were entitled to
assume that Cameron had fulfilled its contractual obligations owed to them
without having to carry out any inspections or maintenance. It seems to us
that this is not only just and fair but also commonsensical. In any event,
Cameron had not furnished the plaintiffs with the requisite drawings that
would have enabled them to carry out inspections or maintenance, even assuming
that there was a duty on the plaintiffs to do so in the first instance.
Further, the essence of a _novus actus interveniens_ required an act on the
part of the plaintiffs whose nature was sufficient to break the chain of
causation. We agree with the Judge that the alleged act (or omission, rather)
fell short of constituting a _novus actus interveniens_ on the part of the
plaintiffs.

**_The doctrine of contributory negligence_**

134 Cameron also relied on the doctrine of contributory negligence with
respect to its alleged liability to the plaintiffs. Although, as we have noted
(at [114] and [115]), the existence of a legal duty is not necessary for the
purposes of establishing contributory negligence, we are of the view that the
plaintiffs were not guilty of not taking the requisite care. Indeed, as we
have alluded to in the preceding paragraph, a reasonable person in the shoes
of the plaintiffs would have assumed that Cameron would fulfil its contractual
obligations without any further action on their (the plaintiffs’) part.

**Conclusion**

135 As we have already mentioned, the Judge dealt with the issues in the court
below in a comprehensive and fair manner.

136 We differ somewhat in the reasoning with regard to two issues only. Of
those two issues, we would modify the Judge’s decision in part only with
respect to one of them. In summary, in so far as the first issue is concerned,
whilst we agree with the Judge that the documents in the Damages Bundle could
not be admitted, we hold (in so far as the threshold issue with respect to the
very introduction of the Documents is concerned) that this holding is based
not so much on the fact (as the Judge found) that the plaintiffs had not
demonstrated that they had satisfied a positive burden placed on them to
comply with the requisite provisions of the Evidence Act _per se_ but, rather,
because the defendants had in fact objected to the introduction of the
Documents. At _that_ point, the plaintiffs were _then_ under a legal
obligation to in fact satisfy the requisite provisions of the Evidence Act,
which they did _not_. In addition (and here we agree with the holding of the
Judge), _in any event_ , the plaintiffs did _not_ meet the legal hurdles posed
by the doctrine of hearsay.

137 In so far as the second issue is concerned, we agree with the Judge that
both Cameron and Stork were _equally_ liable to _the plaintiffs_. Where we
differ, with respect, from her decision is the fact that insufficient
consideration was given (in so far as the issue of an _indemnity_ was
concerned) to _the legal relationship_ _between Cameron and Stork_. In the
event, we hold that Stork was liable to indemnify Cameron in the sum of
US$250,000 for breach of its contractual obligations which it owed to Cameron
(in addition to its liability to pay the plaintiffs US$500,000 for the breach
of the duty of care which it owed to them).

138  Returning to the dearth of argument in the court below, unfortunately, in
an adversarial system, much depends upon the efforts of counsel concerned.
Nevertheless, we ought, in fairness, point out that this last-mentioned issue
has not been actively canvassed in the case law as well as textbooks and is,
to that extent, a subtle one. However, we trust that it will be neither subtle
nor esoteric after the clarification in the present case.

139 In the circumstances, we allow Cameron’s appeal with regard to the issue
of the indemnity claimed under its contract with Stork in part. In other
words, in so far as the BOP stack is concerned, Stork is liable to indemnify
Cameron in the sum of US$250,000. In addition, Stork remains liable in the sum
of US$500,000, which represents its own liability to the plaintiffs with
respect to this particular item and, to that extent, must contribute to any
damages payable by Cameron to the plaintiffs to that extent. In all other
respects, however, we affirm the decision of the Judge.

140 In so far as the issue of costs is concerned, we find nothing wrong with
the decision of the Judge (as set out in the costs judgment). However, in the
light of our specific finding on the issue of indemnity as set out in the
preceding paragraph, we would modify the Judge’s order as to costs inasmuch as
Cameron should be awarded half of its costs of the third party proceedings. In
addition, Stork should indemnify Cameron to the extent of 25% of the costs
(including disbursements) payable to the plaintiffs.

141 In so far as the present proceedings are concerned, the plaintiffs are to
pay the costs of the defendants in Civil Appeals Nos 96 and 122 of 2005. The
first defendant (Cameron) is to bear 25% of the costs of the plaintiffs and
the second defendant (Stork) is to bear 75% of the costs of the plaintiffs in
Civil Appeals Nos 97, 98, 128 and 129 of 2005. As between themselves, the
first and second defendants are to bear their own costs in Civil Appeals Nos
97, 98, 128 and 129 of 2005.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See Item 1, Quotation No QT2279-GA.R1 at Cameron’s Appellant’s Core
Bundle (“CACB”) at p 147.

[note: 2] See CACB at p 147.

[note: 3] See the Appellants’ Case (“AC”) at [152].

[note: 4] See AC at [179].

[note: 5] See AC at [86].

[note: 6] See the Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) at pp 473-478.

[note: 7] See ACB at p 477.

[note: 8] See ACB at p 478.

[note: 9] See NE at pp 88-90.

[note: 10] See NE at pp 38-41.

[note: 11] See NE at pp 77-80.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

