Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Er Kee Jeng v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 45

Case Number | : | MA 109/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Ong Lip Cheng (Peter Ong & Raymond Tan) for the appellant; Nor' Ashikin Samdin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Er Kee Jeng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Agency – Principal – Identity – Payment of premium for insurance policy made
by "registered agent" of insurer – Whether "registered agent" making payment
on behalf of insurer or insured  
  
Road Traffic – Third party liability – Cancellation of insurance policy by
insurer – Non-surrender of certificate of insurance – Whether surrender of
certificate of insurance precondition to valid cancellation of third-party
insurance  
  
Road Traffic – Third party liability – Statutory liability of insurer under s
9 Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act – Insurer liable in
respect of third-party risks even after cancellation of policy – Whether
policy deemed to be in force where insurer statutorily liable – Section 9
Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

15 March 2006

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was convicted under s 3(1) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party
Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the MVA”) on the
following charge:

That you, on 25/3/2004 at about 8:05pm along Bencoolen Street did permit one
Eric Tan Cher Peng to use a motor car no. SFB 8761 C whilst there was not in
force in relation to the user of the said vehicle such a policy of insurance
in respect of third party risks as complies with the requirement of the Motor
Vehicles (Third Party Risks and Compensation) Act, Chapter 189 and you have
thereby committed an offence under section 3(1) and punishable under section
3(2) of the said Act, Chapter 189.

The district judge imposed a fine of $700 and disqualification from driving
all classes of vehicles for a period of 14 months on the above charge.

2 The appellant appealed against both his conviction and sentence on the
ground that there was a valid insurance policy in force in relation to the
said motor car (“the car”) at about 8.05pm on 25 March 2004 (“the material
time”). After examining the evidence before me, I dismissed the appeal and now
give my reasons.

**The facts**

3 The appellant was the registered owner of the car, a Toyota Wish 1.8, at all
material times. He had purchased the car from Teck Wei Auto Trading (“Teck
Wei”) on 17 September 2003, taking a loan of $96,000 from Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bank”) for this purpose. As reflected in
the sales agreement with Teck Wei, the loan of $96,000 was intended to go
towards the purchase price of $93,800, initial payment of $1,008 as well as
the insurance fee of $1,773. However, the sum of these three figures, being
$96,581, exceeded the loan quantum by $581.

4 While a third-party risks insurance policy for the period of 17 September
2003 to 16 September 2004 (“the Policy”) had initially been taken out prior to
the registration of the car, the Policy had subsequently been cancelled on 24
December 2003 for non-payment of the premium. Accordingly, the car was not
covered under the Policy at the material time.

5 In his testimony, Mr Ong Hong Woon (“Ong”), a partner of Teck Wei, admitted
that it was Teck Wei’s responsibility to take out a third-party risks
insurance policy over the car with NTUC Income Insurance Cooperative Limited
(“NTUC”) through Jin-Shi (Holdings) Pte Limited (“Jin-Shi”). Teck Wei had
therefore faxed an application for insurance coverage to Jin-Shi before
registering the car, and the Policy was accordingly issued by NTUC to the
appellant. However, it was Teck Wei’s position that it would not make payment
for the insurance premium until the additional sum of $581 was received
because this additional sum was intended for the insurance premium.

6 The appellant gave evidence that he did not pay this remaining sum of $581
to Teck Wei. He admitted that he never made any payment for the car, but
relied on his friend, one Teo Chye Lin (“Teo”), to make all the payments in
relation to the car. In fact, the appellant had purchased the car for Teo’s
use, and did not even collect the car from Teck Wei personally on 17 September
2003, but had sent Teo on his behalf. Further, the sales agreement with Teck
Wei was signed not by the appellant, but by Teo. Teo had also tendered a
cheque of $1,000 to Teck Wei as payment for the shortfall of $581, as well as
for some installation work which had been done on the car. However, this
cheque subsequently bounced, in consequence of which Teck Wei refused to pay
the insurance premium. Despite being informed that the cheque had bounced, Teo
did not make any further payment to Teck Wei.

7 However, since full payment for the insurance premium of $1,773 had not been
received as a result of the cheque failing to clear, Teck Wei refused to make
payment of the insurance premium to Jin-Shi. Although Ong admitted that it was
not stated in the sales agreement that the sum of $581 was meant for the
insurance premium, he also asserted that he had informed both the appellant
and Teo of this fact. He also acknowledged that the sales agreement did not
state that Teck Wei would not pay the insurance premium to NTUC unless full
payment was received.

8 Ms Ang Li Yen (“Ang”), a director and secretary of Jin-Shi, gave evidence
that Jin-Shi’s role was to receive proposal forms from any person seeking to
be insured. Jin-Shi would then forward these forms to NTUC for its decision on
whether to accept or reject each proposal. Upon receiving notice that the
proposal was accepted, Jin-Shi would issue a certificate of insurance to the
insured, as well as make advance payment of the premiums to NTUC. These
payments were made pursuant to a private arrangement between NTUC and Jin-Shi.
While its present whereabouts is uncertain, a certificate of insurance for the
period 17 September 2003 to 16 September 2004 (“the original certificate”) had
indeed been handed over to Teck Wei. Under the premium warranty clause of the
Policy, the insured would then have 60 days from the effective date of
coverage to repay the premium to Jin-Shi.

9 Jin-Shi thus allowed NTUC to deduct the sum of $1,773 from its company
account on 20 October 2003. When Jin-Shi did not receive repayment within the
premium warranty period, it sent a letter dated 11 December 2003 to the
appellant giving him seven days to make payment on pain of the termination of
the Policy. After the expiry of this initial seven-day grace period, NTUC sent
the appellant a letter dated 17 December 2003, again giving him seven days to
make due payment. Upon the failure of the appellant to make any payment, NTUC
cancelled the policy with effect from 24 December 2003, notifying the
appellant of this cancellation through another letter dated 2 January 2004.

10 Although the appellant denied receiving any of the letters, all three
letters were sent to the appellant’s address as stated in the insurance
proposal form (“the address”). It should be noted that the Policy had
similarly been sent to the address and had been successfully received by the
appellant. Pursuant to the cancellation of the policy, NTUC refunded Jin-Shi
the sum of $1,294 on 30 December 2003. The pro-rated premium for coverage from
17 September 2003 to 24 December 2004 ($479) remains due to Jin-Shi from the
appellant.

11 On 25 March 2004, Teo permitted one Eric Tan Cher Peng to use the car and
it was at 8.05pm on that day that the car was involved in a minor accident.
The appellant was consequently charged with permitting the car to be used at
the material time without there being in force either a valid motor vehicle
licence or insurance against third-party risks, offences under s 29(1) of the
Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) and s 3(1) of the MVA respectively.
The appellant pleaded guilty to the former, but claimed trial to the latter.

**The Prosecution’s case**

12 The Prosecution’s case was simple: No money had been paid to either NTUC or
Jin-Shi in relation to the Policy and the Policy had been cancelled by NTUC
from 24 December 2003 in consequence thereof. There was thus no third-party
risks insurance in force for the purposes of s 3(1) of the MVA at the material
time.

**The Defence’s case**

13 On the other hand, it was the Defence’s case that there was a valid policy
of insurance against third-party risks in force at the material time. This was
evidenced by the issuance of the Policy and original certificate. The fact
that the original certificate was never surrendered to either NTUC or Jin-Shi
was further evidence in support.

14 In addition, the Defence also contended that the Policy had been wrongfully
cancelled by NTUC because the appellant was not given due notice of the
cancellation. According to the Defence, the appellant never received any of
the letters sent by NTUC and Jin-Shi, which ought not to have been sent to the
appellant by ordinary post.

**The decision below**

15 The district judge found that the appellant did not make payment of the sum
of $1,773 to Teck Wei, Jin-Shi or NTUC despite being aware that a further sum
of $581 had to be paid to Teck Wei in satisfaction of the insurance premium.
In fact, the district judge was of the following opinion (see _PP v Er Kee
Jeng_ [2005] SGDC 271 at [31]):

Having observed Ong’s demeanor in Court, I preferred and accepted Ong’s
evidence relating to the cheque for $1,000 and his evidence of having informed
both Teo and [the appellant] of the need for the payment of the $581,
especially for purposes of securing the insurance coverage. This was
essentially an exercise in choosing which of 2 versions given by 2 different
Defence witnesses was the more believable version.

The district judge was therefore of the opinion that NTUC was entitled to
cancel the Policy and had validly done so. Even if NTUC had not been entitled
to cancel the Policy, the purported cancellation would only constitute a
contractual dispute between the appellant and NTUC. According to the district
judge (at [10]):

What could not be denied was that NTUC had indeed cancelled the policy on 24
December 2003, so that when the Car was used on 25 March 2004, there was no
valid insurance policy in force as required by the MVA.

16 The district judge further held that, if it was necessary to make such a
finding, the appellant should be taken as having received the three letters
mentioned above. The letters had been sent to the same address as the Policy,
and the appellant had received the Policy. In any case, the appellant
“certainly knew that the insurance premium remained outstanding”. These
findings of fact by the district judge were based on the assessment of the
credibility and veracity of the witnesses, and were neither plainly wrong nor
against the weight of the evidence before him: _Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul
Kadir v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 788 at [56]; _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at
719, [31]–[32]. These findings of fact were thus upheld.

**The appeal against conviction**

17 Section 3(1) of the MVA provides:

Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any person
to use or to cause or permit any other person to use —

(_a_) a motor vehicle in Singapore; or

(_b_) a motor vehicle which is registered in Singapore in any territory
specified in the Schedule,

unless there is _in force_ in relation to the use of the motor vehicle by that
person or that other person, as the case may be, such a policy of insurance or
such a security in respect of third-party risks as complies with the
requirements of this Act.

[emphasis added]

18 The reality was that the Policy had indeed been cancelled and therefore
could not have been in force at the material time. However, the Defence
challenged the cancellation as being invalid, arguing that the Policy remained
in force at the material time for the following reasons:

(a) The premium for the Policy had been paid to NTUC, it being irrelevant that
the payment had not been made by the appellant himself but by Jin-Shi, as
agent for the appellant.

(b) The fact that the original certificate issued to the appellant under the
Policy had not been surrendered to NTUC was evidence that the Policy had not
been validly cancelled.

**_Payment of insurance premium by Jin-Shi_**

19 The premium warranty clause in the Policy states:

It is a condition precedent to our liability that all premiums due must be
paid within 60 days from the effective date of the coverage or within the
period of insurance, whichever is earlier. If this condition is not complied
with then this Policy is automatically cancelled from the expiry of the
premium warranty period and we shall be entitled to a pro-rata premium for the
period we have been on risk subject to a minimum of $25.

20 The Defence argued that this clause was satisfied as the premium had been
fully paid to NTUC by Jin-Shi on 20 October 2003, it being immaterial whether
the premium had come from the appellant, Teo, Teck Wei, OCBC or Jin-Shi. The
Defence contended that Jin-Shi was in fact the appellant’s agent, relying on
the two letters from NTUC which contained language to that effect. The payment
which Jin-Shi had made to NTUC ought therefore to be taken as having been made
on the appellant’s behalf, in satisfaction of the premium warranty clause. The
Defence further claimed that the fact that NTUC had accepted Jin-Shi’s payment
of the pro-rated premium of $479 for coverage between 17 September 2003 to 24
December 2003, even issuing another certificate of insurance to this effect,
was evidence that Jin-Shi had indeed acted as the appellant’s agent.

21 However, after close examination of the factual circumstances, I find that
Jin-Shi had acted as agent for NTUC, rather than the appellant, in the issue
of the Policy. Ang, a director and secretary of Jin-Shi, had testified that
Jin-Shi was NTUC’s agent. Ms Sharifah Hassan, an assistant executive of NTUC,
had likewise asserted that Jin-Shi was a registered agent of NTUC, and not
agent for the appellant. She further stated that because the Policy was
expressly stated to be a contract between NTUC and the appellant, the payment
referred to in the premium warranty clause had to be made by the appellant
himself, rather than by Jin-Shi.

22 Moreover, had Jin-Shi indeed been agent for the appellant, it was unlikely
that NTUC would have refunded the premium to Jin-Shi upon receiving notice
from Jin-Shi to do so. Neither would NTUC and Jin-Shi have made provision for
refund of the premium in the private arrangement between them. Instead, had
Jin-Shi been agent for the appellant, NTUC would probably have declined Jin-
Shi’s request for a refund, leaving Jin-Shi to look to the appellant for
indemnity.

23 The arrangement between NTUC and the appellant for the deduction of the
premium from Jin-Shi’s company account pending the collection of the premium
by Jin-Shi on NTUC’s behalf, was also one which was likely to exist between
principal and agent. The arrangement appeared to be a device for the
allocation of the risk of default between NTUC and Jin-Shi, and had probably
been imposed by NTUC as a condition of Jin-Shi acting as its “registered
agent”. The payment by Jin-Shi had not been made under an obligation owed to
the appellant, but had been made under the private arrangement between NTUC
and Jin-Shi, for NTUC’s benefit. In fact, the two representatives from NTUC
and Jin-Shi, Sharifah Hassan and Ang respectively, both testified that the
appellant did not have any knowledge of this arrangement. The appellant
therefore could not rely on this arrangement to argue that Jin-Shi had made
the payment for his benefit as his agent when Jin-Shi clearly had no such
intention.

24 This was particularly since Jin-Shi had subsequently retracted its initial
payment of the premium to NTUC. Jin-Shi’s request for a refund of the sum paid
amounted to a refusal on the part of Jin-Shi to allow that initial payment to
be taken in satisfaction of the premium, while its request for NTUC to demand
payment from the appellant indicated that it had not intended to make payment
on the appellant’s behalf. Jin-Shi was therefore unlikely to have been the
appellant’s agent.

25 Moreover, almost all the steps taken by Jin-Shi in relation to the
application for the Policy had been dictated by NTUC, and not the appellant.
According to Sharifah Hassan:

This Agent, is our Link-up Agent. They are allowed to transact business for
us, they issued the policy to the Policy Holder and to collect the payment.

Furthermore, although not determinative, Jin-Shi had had next to no
communication with the appellant, the only correspondence being the letter
sent by Jin-Shi to demand payment.

26 In _National Employers’ Mutual General Insurance Association Ltd v Globe
Trawlers Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 46, the Court of Appeal held that the insurance
brokers in that case were agents for the insured rather than the insurer. In
doing so, the court relied on the case of _Newsholme Brothers v Road Transport
and General Insurance Company, Limited_ [1929] 2 KB 356 in which it was held
that a broker who completes the proposal form is not acting as an agent of the
insurer but the insured. However, in the instant case, Jin-Shi did not fill up
the insurance proposal form on behalf of the appellant. Instead, it appeared
that Jin-Shi’s role was merely to receive such forms, and to forward them to
NTUC. Moreover, although it did not have the authority to approve the
insurance proposals received, Jin-Shi had the express authority to issue
certificates of insurance on behalf of NTUC and to bind NTUC to insure the
risks covered by the certificates.

27 In fact, the Defence appeared to have admitted as much when it stated in
its closing submissions at the trial below that “[t]he premium of $1,773.00
was fully paid to NTUC Income by its agent, Jin-Shi (Holdings) Pte Limited on
20 October 2003”. Since Jin-Shi had not acted as the appellant’s agent, its
initial payment to NTUC could not be taken as having been made by the
appellant. The appellant had therefore breached the premium warranty clause
and the Policy had been validly cancelled.

**_Non-surrender of certificate of insurance_**

28 The appellant submitted that the district judge had erred in failing to
consider that under ss 4(9), 9(3)(_c_), 15 and 16 of the MVA, the issue of a
certificate of insurance was _prima facie_ evidence that a policy of insurance
was in force. Section 4(9) of the MVA dictates that a third-party risks
insurance policy is of no effect for the purposes of the MVA unless there is
issued a certificate in the prescribed form. Moreover, s 15 mandates, on pain
of criminal sanction, the surrender of the certificate by the insured upon the
cancellation of the policy, in lieu of which a statutory declaration that the
certificate had been lost or destroyed must be made. Further, s 9(3)(_c_)
allows insurers to limit their continued liability under cancelled policies,
but only upon the surrender of the certificates of insurance issued. Under r
10 of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Rules (Cap 189,
R 1, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the MVR”), insurers are also bound to inform the Registrar
of Vehicles of the cancellation of any policy of insurance against third-party
risks, failing which they would be guilty of an offence.

29 The appellant thus placed emphasis on the fact that the Prosecution had not
led any evidence to demonstrate that the original certificate had been
surrendered to NTUC, or that NTUC had made a demand or commenced proceedings
to recover the certificate. There was also no evidence that a statutory
declaration had been made in lieu of the surrender of the original
certificate. On the other hand, I noted that the Defence had similarly omitted
to lead any evidence to conclusively prove that the original certificate had
not been surrendered. Nonetheless, I proceeded on the basis that the original
certificate had indeed not been surrendered, and that no demand for it had
been made by NTUC.

_Surrender of certificate of insurance as precondition to valid cancellation_

30 The appellant contended that the purported cancellation of the Policy by
NTUC was invalid under the MVA because the original certificate had not been
surrendered. However, I found no merit in this argument.

31 Section 4(9) merely states that a policy shall be of no effect if no
certificate of insurance is issued. It does not follow that the converse –
that a policy must continue to have effect until the certificate of insurance
is surrendered – is true. The requirement of the issue of the certificate of
insurance under s 4(9) is purely for administrative convenience, to allow the
existence of a policy covering third-party risks to be quickly verified under
s 16 of the MVA. This is evident from r 4 of the MVR, which prescribes the
appropriate forms to be used in satisfaction of the requirement of the issue
of certificates of insurance in s 4(9). Rule 4(1)(_b_) states that where the
policy issued does not relate to any specified motor vehicle, the insurer must
issue such number of certificates “as may be necessary to enable the
requirements of section 16 of the Act to be complied with”.

32 It therefore appears that the primary purpose of the requirement of a valid
certificate is to facilitate the conduct of random checks by police officers,
who are empowered under s 16 to require any person driving a motor vehicle on
the road to produce his certificate of insurance. To this end, r
10(1)(_a_)(iii) of the MVR similarly makes it mandatory for insurers to inform
the Registrar of Vehicles if any policy issued “ceases to be effective for any
reason”.

33 In addition, s 15 prescribes only criminal liability for the failure to
surrender the certificate upon the cancellation of the policy, but does not
state that any purported cancellation would thereby be rendered invalid. It is
precisely because the cancellation of the policy at common law renders the
policy ineffective that it is necessary to impose criminal sanction for the
non-surrender of the policy. Otherwise, the possibility of unscrupulous
motorists passing off their defunct certificates as valid ones would be a very
real threat – since insurance policies may be validly cancelled
notwithstanding the non-surrender of the certificate. Had the legislative
intent been that the surrender of the certificate was a necessary formality in
the cancellation of the policy, the MVA would have made this explicit.

34 The common law rights and obligations of the insurer and the insured ought
not to be readily altered without express legislative provision. Indeed, the
appellant himself admits that the non-surrender of the original certificate
was only _prima facie_ evidence that the Policy remained in force.
Certificates issued under the MVA serve a purely evidentiary purpose and do
not affect the substantive rights of the insurer and insured. Whether the
Policy was indeed in force at the material time must therefore be determined
according to ordinary principles of contract law.

_Duty of insurers to satisfy judgments against insured persons under s 9 of
the MVA_

35 The Defence placed much reliance on s 9(3)(_c_) of the MVA, arguing that
the Policy continued to be valid notwithstanding the purported cancellation,
because the requirements in s 9(3)(_c_) were not satisfied. Under s 9(1) of
the MVA, where insurers fail to comply with the s 9(3)(_c_) procedures, they
remain liable in respect of third-party risks under the cancelled policy.
However, it does not follow that the cancelled policy should therefore be
deemed to be “in force” for the purposes of criminal liability under s 3(1) of
the MVA.

36 Section 9(1) provides:

If after a certificate of insurance has been issued under section 4 (9) to the
person by whom a policy has been effected judgment in respect of any such
liability as is required to be covered by a policy under section 4 (1) (_b_)
(being a liability covered by the terms of the policy) is obtained against any
person insured by the policy then, notwithstanding that the insurer may be
entitled to avoid or cancel or may have avoided or cancelled the policy, the
insurer shall, subject to this section, pay to the Public Trustee as trustee
for the persons entitled thereto —

(a) any sum payable thereunder in respect of the liability including any
amount payable in respect of costs; and

(b) any sum payable in respect of interest on that sum by virtue of any
written law relating to interest on judgments.

The insurer may avoid liability under s 9(1) if before the occurrence of the
event which was the cause of the death or bodily injury giving rise to the
liability, the policy was cancelled by mutual consent or by virtue of any
provision contained therein, and the certificate had been surrendered to the
insurer or the insurer had commenced proceedings in respect of the failure to
surrender the certificate: s 9(3)(_c_) of the MVA.

37 Although no assistance may be derived from contemporary legislative debates
on the MVA (see _Stewart Ashley James v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 426 at 429, [17]), it
is evident from the heading of s 9 that s 9 deals only with the civil
liability of the insurer to satisfy judgments against persons insured in
respect of third-party risks. Section 9 was enacted to confer upon the third
party a direct cause of action against the insurer, a right which did not
exist under common law: _Nippon Fire and Marine Insurance Co Ltd v Sim Jin
Hwee_ [1998] 2 SLR 806 at [14]. It creates a _statutory_ relationship between
the insurer and the third party, which exists irrespective of the
_contractual_ position _vis-à-vis_ the insurer and the insured. In order to be
discharged from its liabilities under s 9, the insurer must adopt the
procedures set out in ss 9(3) to 9(5), which were intended to give third
parties adequate notice that the insurer had disclaimed not only its
contractual obligations to the insured, but also its statutory obligations to
the third party. Failure to follow these procedures only entails the insurer’s
continued liability under statute and not contract. Section 9 was not intended
to impact upon the criminal liability of the insured under s 3(1).

38 As stated in its preamble, the MVA was enacted to “provide against third-
party risks arising out of the use of motor vehicles and for the payment of
compensation in respect of death or bodily injury arising out of the use of
motor vehicles and for matters incidental thereto”. Indeed, “[t]he very
_raison d’etre_ of mandatory insurance under the MVA is to protect third-party
road users, not the insured driver”: _PP v Lee Hong Hwee_ [2004] 1 SLR 39 at
[31].

39 Specifically, s 3(1) was enacted not only to ensure that victims of traffic
accidents are not left without any compensation where the motorist is unable
to satisfy judgment, but also to deter irresponsible motorists from driving
without the appropriate insurance coverage: _Chandara Sagaran s/o Rengayah v
PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 79 at [11]. These dual aims of compensation and deterrence
would be defeated if motorists were permitted to rely on s 9 to avoid criminal
liability under s 3(1).

40 In addition, s 9 also ensures that policies issued under the MVA do indeed
hold some substantive utility for the innocent third party and are not issued
in perfunctory compliance with the requirements of the MVA. In _Zurich General
Accident and Liability Insurance Company, Limited v Morrison_ [1942] 2 KB 53,
the English Court of Appeal dealt with s 10 of the Road Traffic Act 1934 (c
50), which is _in pari materia_ with s 9 of the MVA. According to Goddard LJ
(at 61), after “the principle of compulsory insurance against third party
risks had been established”, insurers began to “hedge round the policies with
so many warranties and conditions that no one advising an injured person could
say with any certainty whether, if damages were recovered against the driver
of the car, there was a prospect of recovering against the insurers”. The
provision was therefore “designed to prevent conditions in policies from
defeating the rights of third parties, but insurers were still allowed to
repudiate policies obtained by misrepresentation or non-disclosure of material
facts” (at 62).

41 It therefore appears that s 9 was intended to compel insurers to share the
responsibility of ensuring adequate protection against third-party risks with
motorists. While motorists have the duty to purchase the appropriate insurance
policies, insurers have the duty to ensure that adequate notice of any
avoidance or cancellation of those policies are given to third parties through
the procedures set out in ss 9(3) to 9(5).

42 In _Salleh bin Awang v PP_ [1978] 2 MLJ 212 at 214, Mohamed Zahir J held,
with respect to s 79 of the Road Traffic Ordinance 1958 (No 49 of 1958)
(M’sia) which precluded insurers from repudiating third-party liability
through restrictions on the scope of insurance policies, that:

…although the injured third party can still recover from the insurers by
virtue of section 79 yet the insurance policy itself does not cover such
drivers as the policy expressly excludes any liability. In other words, the
driver is not covered by the policy. The insurer is made to cover the third
party by statute and not by the policy of insurance and it remains therefore
that the driver is without “a policy of insurance…”

In reaching this conclusion, the court relied on the case of _Velusamy v PP_
[1974] 1 MLJ 15, which held that s 79 merely provided that the restriction in
the policy should have no effect with respect to the civil liability of the
driver and did not affect his criminal liability. Indeed, the criminal
liability of the motorist ought to be dependent only upon the operation of the
insurance policy, without consideration of the protection afforded by the
statute to third parties.

43 Yet, this approach appears to run contrary to an observation made
peripherally by the late Wee Chong Jin CJ in _Lim Cheng Wai v PP_ [1988] SLR
731 at 734, [11]:

[I]f upon its true construction, the policy covers the use of the vehicle in
question, the policy may yet be voidable at the option of the insurers, eg on
the ground of misrepresentation. However, such a policy will remain a policy
in force unless the policy had in fact been avoided in accordance with s 9(4)
of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act: see, for
example _Durrant v Maclaren_ [1956] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 70.

However, it should be noted that the learned judge’s statements were merely
_obiter dicta_ , and were entirely unnecessary for the disposal of the case
before him. In _Lim Cheng Wai v PP_ , there was no question of the policy
being voided at the option of the insurers. Instead, the defendant in that
case was convicted on the simple ground that, on a true construction of the
policy, the policy did not even cover the use of the vehicle at the time of
the offence.

44 In the English case of _Durrant v Maclaren_ referred to above, the court
seemed to suggest that motorists would not be criminally sanctioned as long as
third parties remain protected under the then equivalent of s 9(1). Maclaren
had been charged with unlawfully using a motor vehicle without having in force
such policy of insurance against third-party risks as was required under the
Road Traffic Act 1930 (c 43). The third-party insurance policy in relation to
the vehicle in question had been obtained through fraudulent statements made
by Maclaren, but Maclaren argued that the effect of s 10(1) of the Road
Traffic Act 1934 (which is _in_ _pari materia_ with s 9(1) of the MVA) was
that insurers would be held to their contracts of insurance until such time as
they should avoid them.

45 Although the Divisional Court recognised (at 72) that s 10 had been “passed
for the protection of people who may be injured in an accident, not really to
protect these drivers whether fraudulent or not, but to protect the people who
may be injured”, it also held that the insurer remained under an obligation to
indemnify third parties until the procedure set out in s 10 to avoid the
policy were fulfilled. The Divisional Court in _Durrant v Maclaren_ followed
the case of _Goodbarne v Buck_ [1940] 1 KB 107 at 113, in which Hilbery J
held:

It appears to me that this policy, from the time when the proposal form was
filled up, and incorrectly filled up, was voidable, but that does not mean
that it was void. In other words, if the insurance company never elected to
avoid it, it was a valid and subsisting policy. … [A]n insurance company …
might still elect to pay a claim rather than go to the expense and bother of a
law suit to get a declaration that they were entitled to avoid the policy, …

Since no steps had been taken to avoid the policy at the time Maclaren was
prosecuted, he was not criminally liable. _Durrant v Maclaren_ was
subsequently followed by the Queen’s Bench Division in _Adams v Dunne_ [1978]
RTR 281.

46 The above cases appear to support the contention that until the procedure
set out in s 9(3)(_c_) is fulfilled, the insurer remains liable and the
motorist innocent of any offence. However, a closer examination of the facts
in those cases reveals that they can be easily distinguished from the instant
case, and that it was unnecessary for the courts to have made the above
pronouncements.

47 In none of these cases had the insurer taken any steps to avoid the policy
before the time of the alleged offence. Instead, the insurer in each of those
cases had only sought to avoid the policy _after_ the time of the alleged
offence, in the hope that the avoidance of the policy would take effect
_retrospectively_. However, as Hilbery J stated in _Goodbarne v Buck_ (at
114):

[T]he fact that the rights which were created by the contract of insurance
were subsequently avoided, does not, it seems to me, prevent there having been
a policy in force at the time of the user of the vehicle which is in question.

48 Certainly, it would be unfair for the motorist to be criminally sanctioned
as a result of a retrospective avoidance of the policy. This would be so
whether the policies had been avoided at common law or through the more
onerous procedures set out in the equivalent of s 9 of the MVA. The policies
in those cases had not even been avoided at common law, let alone under the
respective statutes. It was therefore unnecessary for the courts in those
cases to prescribe those procedures as the steps which the insurers should
have taken to avoid the policies.

49 In the instant case, there was no question of any retrospective voiding of
the Policy by NTUC because the Policy had already been cancelled at the
material time. Convicting the appellant on the basis of NTUC’s cancellation of
the Policy at common law was therefore justified. The appellant was aware that
the Policy had already been cancelled by NTUC, yet took no steps to prevent
the continued use of the car. The facts in this case were entirely different
from those in the cases above.

50 Upholding the appellant’s conviction would convey the right message to the
public – that motorists must take active steps to ensure that their use of
motor vehicles is covered against third-party risks. As the Court of Criminal
Appeal stated in _PP v Kum Chee Cheong_ [1994] 1 SLR 231 at 243, [39] “[u]nder
the Act, the obligation is placed absolutely and squarely on users of motor
vehicles to take out such policies of insurance”. Motorists ought not to be
able to rely on their insurer’s continued liability under s 9 to avoid
liability under s 3(1). This is particularly since there is absolutely no
difference between the moral culpability of a motorist who does not even apply
for third-party insurance and one who does make the initial application but
then allows the policy to lapse. If the policy in the latter scenario were
held to be “in force” for the purposes of s 3(1), the former would be punished
while the latter would not – a result which would be most unjust. It cannot
make any difference that the latter motorist would have in his possession a
certificate of insurance, albeit one that has lapsed, while the former does
not. Indeed, such a result may encourage motorists to apply for insurance,
without paying any heed to whether the policy is subsequently cancelled by the
insurer.

51  Section 3(1) must be given its ordinary meaning – the Policy should no
longer be deemed to be “in force” upon its cancellation by the insurer. This
interpretation of s 3(1) is consistent with a literal reading of s 9, which is
meant to have effect notwithstanding that the policy may have already been
“avoided or cancelled” at common law. The fact that the insurer may claim any
sum which may have been paid under s 9(1) from the insured is further support
for this interpretation. As Lord Goddard CJ stated in _Durrant v Maclaren_
([43] _supra_ at 72), if the insurer “can avoid the policy he is none the less
liable to pay the injured person damages, although he will have a remedy over
against his assured”. The court in _Tan Tok Nam v Pan Global Insurance Sdn
Bhd_ [2002] 3 MLJ 742 at 750 likewise stated that where the insurer, despite
being entitled to avoid the policy, is liable to the third party under the
equivalent of s 9:

It is always open to the insurers to sue their then insured for indemnity for
breach of policy conditions or for failing to comply with s 86 which requires
the insured to surrender the said certificate …

52 That the policy had been cancelled by NTUC at common law was
incontrovertible. The Policy was therefore not “in force” for the purposes of
s 3(1) and the appellant was rightly convicted.

**_Conviction ought to be upheld_**

53 As I stated in _M V Balakrishnan v PP_ [1998] SGHC 416 at [20], the proper
defence to a charge under s 3(1) would be that reasonable care had been
exercised. However, far from having exercised reasonable care, the appellant
had been most remiss towards his duties as the registered owner of the car.
The appellant never made any payment in relation to the purchase of the car or
the Policy, relying entirely on Teo to make the requisite payments. As the
district judge stated (_PP v Er Kee Jeng_ ([15] _supra_) at [32]),

It was also this Court’s finding that [the appellant] was informed of the
dishonour of the cheque for $1,000, and that [the appellant] asked Ong to look
to Teo for the payment. It appears that [the appellant] was prepared to leave
it at that: expecting Ong to get the required payment from Teo.

54 The appellant claimed not to know the purpose behind the cheque that had
failed to clear, and even asserted that the cheque had “nothing to do” with
him. In fact, when Ong called the appellant to inform him that the cheque had
bounced, the appellant took no action, but merely told him to demand payment
from Teo. Likewise, when he discovered that the car was not insured, the
appellant did not even call Teck Wei or NTUC to verify the status of the
Policy, claiming that he did not know Teck Wei’s telephone number and that he
had no time to call NTUC. The appellant had adopted a careless and dismissive
attitude towards his responsibilities as the registered owner of the car, and
cannot be said to have exercised reasonable care.

55 Having already been cancelled by NTUC, there was no doubt that the Policy
was not in force in relation to the car at the material time. Also, the
appellant had certainly not taken reasonable care to ensure that there was a
valid insurance policy in force. The appellant had been rightly convicted
under s 3(1) of the MVA, and I dismissed the appeal against his conviction.

**The appeal against sentence**

56 Under s 3(2) of the MVA, the maximum sentence which may be imposed upon a
conviction under s 3(1) is a fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment for a
term not exceeding three months or both. Section 3(3) further provides:

A person convicted of an offence under this section shall (unless the court
for special reasons thinks fit to order otherwise and without prejudice to the
power of the court to order a longer period of disqualification) be
disqualified for holding or obtaining a driving licence under the Road Traffic
Act (Cap. 276) for a period of 12 months from the date of the conviction.

57 In _Ho Soo Kin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 833, the defendant permitted his employee
to use the motor vehicle in question without valid insurance coverage. A fine
of $600 and the mandatory disqualification period of 12 months was imposed. In
_Sriekaran s/o Thanka Samy v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 402, the defendant had, upon
being informed that his cheque for the payment of the insurance premium had
been dishonoured, sent another cheque, and it was while the second cheque was
being processed that he was involved in an accident and caught. The insurance
policy for the car had expired approximately three months before the date of
the accident and defendant was sentenced to 12 months’ disqualification from
driving in addition to a fine of $600. In dismissing the appeal against the
disqualification order imposed in _Sriekaran s/o Thanka Samy v PP_ , I stated,
at [4]:

It would appear that had the accident not occurred, the appellant would have
continued driving around Singapore with the excuse that he had not received
any notice that his insurance had lapsed. To permit road users to escape with
such irresponsible conduct would go against the policy behind the enactment
...

58 Likewise, had the car in the instant case not been involved in an accident,
the appellant would undoubtedly have continued to be wholly indifferent to his
responsibilities as the registered owner of the car. He had not taken the
trouble to ensure that there was a valid insurance policy in relation to the
car, despite having been informed by Teck Wei that the unpaid $581 was meant
to go towards the payment of the insurance premium. Indeed, the appellant
ought to have erred on the side of caution and disallowed Teo from driving the
car if there was any uncertainty as to the validity of the Policy. The
appellant cannot be allowed to disclaim all responsibility as the registered
owner of the car and a strict prophylactic approach ought to be taken towards
him: _Stewart Ashley James v PP_ ([37] _supra_).

59 The appellant had been sentenced to a fine of $700 and disqualification
from driving for a period of 14 months by the district judge. This sentence
was neither manifestly excessive nor wrong in principle: _Tan Koon Swan v PP_
[1986] SLR 126. Therefore, I also dismissed the appellant’s appeal against his
sentence.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

