Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor  
[2006] SGHC 133

Case Number | : | OM 30/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David de Souza and Jeanette Lee (De Souza Tay & Goh) for the appellant; Foo Hui Min and Joyce Chee (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd — Chief Assessor   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Whether owner of shopping centre
entitled to deduct all reasonable advertising and promotional expenses from
gross rental paid by tenants for purpose of ascertaining annual value of
shopping centre  
  

25 July 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 This case raises an important issue as to whether or not owners of shopping
centres in Singapore may deduct all their reasonable advertising and promotion
expenses from the gross rental paid by their tenants for the purpose of
ascertaining the annual value of their shopping centres, which is relevant to
how much property tax has to be paid.

2 The appellant, BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd (“BCH”), the owner and operator
of a shopping centre known as “Parco Bugis Junction”, appealed against the
Valuation Review Board’s dismissal of its appeal against the Chief Assessor’s
refusal to allow it to deduct the entire amount that it had spent on
advertising and promotion of the shopping centre in 2003, namely
$2,591,707.00, from the actual gross sums paid by its tenants for the purpose
of computing the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction. During the hearing of
the appeal, BCH was content to argue that only its “reasonable” advertising
and promotion expenses should be deducted from the gross rental to determine
the annual value of its shopping centre.

3 The outcome of the present appeal depends on the effect of s 2 of the
Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 1997 Rev Ed), which defines “annual value” as
follows:

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement … means the gross
amount at which the same can reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year, the landlord paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or
upkeep and all taxes (other than goods and services tax); …

4 When considering what Parco Bugis Junction, which has around 203 tenants,
can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, it is relevant to note
that tenants pay BCH a “basic rent”, which is a fixed sum computed on a per
square metre basis. Furthermore, all tenants except one pay BCH an “additional
rent”, which is an agreed percentage of the tenant’s gross sales. Apart from
the basic rent and additional rent, tenants pay BCH an “advertising and
promotional contribution” (“A & P”), which is defined in the lease agreement
as a fee “payable by the Tenant to the Landlord for advertising and promotion
as provided in the Lease” and is computed on the basis of $3.23 per square
metre occupied by the tenant. For the purpose of this judgment, the basic and
additional rent and the A & P contributions will be referred to as the “gross
rental”.

5 This is the second time that BCH has come to the High Court for a ruling on
the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction. In _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v
Chief Assessor_ [2002] 4 SLR 844 (“the _BCH (No 1)_ case”), BCH argued that
for the purpose of computing the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction, the
tenants’ A & P contributions, which amounted to $591,677.00 in 2003 and which
had been regarded as part of the gross rental collected from tenants, should
be deducted from the gross rental. This argument was rejected by the Chief
Assessor, whose decision was affirmed by the Valuation Review Board. However,
Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) allowed BCH’s appeal against the decision of
the Valuation Review Board. He explained at [18]:

If the owner can satisfy the Chief Assessor, in relation to the A&P
contributions, that: (1) it was reasonable to provide those services; (2) the
tenants had agreed to pay for such services; (3) the services were in fact
provided; and (4) the costs of providing them were reasonably incurred, then
he ought to deduct such sums from the gross rent in arriving at the annual
value.

6 With respect to the four conditions listed at [18] of his judgment, Lee JC
held that in the light of modern operating conditions of shopping centres, it
was reasonable for BCH to provide advertising and promotional services and as
the tenants had agreed to pay for these services and their contributions had
actually been spent on such services, the only question left was whether the
cost of providing these services had been reasonably incurred. On this issue,
he found that as BCH had actually spent over $2m on advertising and promotion,
the $591,677.00 paid by the tenants as A & P contributions should be regarded
as having been reasonably incurred. As such, the A & P contributions paid by
the tenants of Parco Bugis Junction should be deducted from the gross rental
for the purpose of determining the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction.

7 After persuading Lee JC that the $591,677.00 paid by tenants as A & P
contributions should be taken into account for the computation of the annual
value of the shopping centre, BCH went one step further and asserted that all
its reasonable expenses in advertising and promotion should be deducted from
the gross rent to arrive at the annual value. As BCH had spent $2,591,707.00
on advertising and promotion in 2003, what it was claiming was that if this
entire sum had been reasonably incurred, another $2,000,030.00 should be
deducted from the gross rental for Parco Bugis Junction when determining its
annual value.

8 During the hearing of this appeal, both parties relied on the decision of
Lee JC in the _BCH (No 1)_ case. According to the Chief Assessor, all the four
conditions enunciated by Lee JC in his judgment at [18], including the second
condition regarding the tenants’ agreement to pay for the advertising and
promotion expenses, must be complied with before any such expenses may be
deducted for the purpose of computing the annual value of Parco Bugis
Junction. He contended that as the tenants had not agreed to pay the
additional advertising and promotion expenses incurred by BCH, these were not
deductible when determining the annual value of the shopping centre. On the
other hand, BCH asserted that this second condition need not be met, an
argument that was flatly rejected by the Valuation Review Board.

9 The issue before Lee JC in the _BCH (No 1)_ case was a very limited one,
namely whether sums collected by BCH from the tenants as A & P contributions
might be deducted from the gross rent collected from the tenants for the
purpose of determining the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction. It was in
this context that Lee JC laid down the four conditions which had to be
satisfied before the tenants’ A & P contributions could be taken into account
for the purpose of computing the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction. Lee
JC’s aim was to ensure that colourable devices in the form of extravagant A &
P contributions that were intended to depress the annual value of properties
would be struck out. It is trite that landlords cannot evade property tax by
disguising part of the gross rent as deductible expenses: see _Tan Lark Sye,
Trustees for_ _Rubber Trade Assn v Chief Assessor_ [1959–1986] SPTC 7.

10 Whether or not any part or all of the additional advertising and promotion
expenses incurred by BCH might also be deducted from the gross rental paid by
tenants of Parco Bugis Junction was not considered by Lee JC in the _BCH (No
1)_ case and it is not altogether helpful to mount a case for or against the
additional deduction sought by BCH on the basis of his judgment in that case.

11 There is a world of difference between the tenants’ A & P contributions and
BCH’s own additional advertising and promotion expenses, which amounted to
more than $2m in 2003. Unless the A & P contributions were intended to be a
colourable device to deflate the annual value of a property, in which case
they would have fallen outside the ambit of Lee JC’s ruling in the _BCH (No
1)_ case, they should either not be included as part of the gross rent for
Parco Bugis Junction in the first place or, if they have been so included,
they must be deducted from the gross rent collected when assessing the annual
value of the shopping centre. In contrast, the additional advertising and
promotion expenses incurred by BCH were never regarded by the property tax
authorities as a part of the gross rent paid by the tenants of Parco Bugis
Junction. The additional amounts spent by BCH on advertising and promotion are
business expenses which may be relevant for income tax purposes but that is a
different matter altogether from the annual value of the property and the
property tax. Ms Foo, the Chief Assessor’s counsel, rightly asserted that if
BCH’s approach is correct, landlords can easily adjust the annual values of
their properties by increasing their advertising and promotion expenses. If
this can be done, annual values will no longer represent hypothetical rents.
Neither will it be possible to determine the annual value of a property by
reference to rents of comparable properties in similar sites because the
annual values of the comparable properties will depend on how much was spent
by their owners on advertising and promotion.

12 To bolster its arguments, BCH relied on cases concerning deductions from
the gross rent for the cost of lift maintenance, cleaning and air-conditioning
with respect to flats and commercial buildings. Admittedly, in the _BCH (No
1)_ case, Lee JC noted at [17] that in the modern context, tenants’ A & P
contributions are “probably as essential to the tenants as the traditional
ones such as watching, cleaning and air-conditioning” but this comment was
made in the course of explaining why the tenant’s A & P contributions, which
had been computed as a part of the gross rental for Parco Bugis Junction,
should be deducted for the purpose of ascertaining the annual value of the
shopping centre. However, there is a clear difference between a building
owner’s maintenance costs and its advertising and promotion costs that its
tenants have not agreed to bear. While lift maintenance must be carried out,
whether or not advertising and promotional expenses additional to those that
tenants have agreed to pay for should be incurred is at the building owner’s
discretion. It should not be overlooked that s 2 of the Property Tax Act
describes the deductions that may be taken into account for assessing annual
value as the “expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all
taxes (other than goods and services tax)”. Cases such as _Chartered Bank v
The City Council of Singapore_ [1959–1986] SPTC 1, which concerned the
deduction from the gross rent of the owner’s expenses for hiring watchmen,
cleaning, lifts, air-conditioning and supervision, and _Bell Property Trust,
Limited v Assessment Committee for the Borough of Hampstead_ [1940] 2 KB 543,
which concerned deductions from the gross rent of the owner’s expenses for
providing hot water, central heating and other services in high-end service
apartments in England, are not relevant for determining whether advertising
and promotion expenses which tenants are not required to pay for may be
deducted from the gross amount collected by BCH for the purpose of the
assessment of the annual value of Parco Bugis Junction _._

13 For the reasons already stated, BCH’s appeal is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

