Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the
name and style of W P Architects)  
[2006] SGHC 222

Case Number | : | Suit 396/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Neo Kim Cheng Monica and Thiang Pei Yun Angela (TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lai Yew Fei (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd — Ng Khim Ming Eric (practising under the name and style of W P Architects)   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Plaintiff awarded sum much less than
that originally claimed due to set-offs – Whether this may be characterised as
failure on plaintiff's part to prove its claim – Whether plaintiff entitled to
costs  
  
Contract – Remedies – Remoteness of damage – Applicable rules and principles
of remoteness where concurrent liability in contract and tort existing  
  
Limitation of Actions – When time begins to run – Plaintiff suing defendant in
tort and in contract – Whether circumstances such that time beginning to run
from contractual date of completion – Section 6(1)(a) Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Pure economic loss – Applicable test for
liability in negligence for pure economic loss  
  

15 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

Introduction

1  This is a case which raised a plethora of interesting legal issues under
rather unusual circumstances. Unfortunately, many of these issues arose after
the actual hearing in open court had concluded. In particular, in their
respective closing submissions, the parties concerned referred to legal issues
that were not really canvassed during the trial itself. This was perhaps
because they constituted, in the main, pure points of law. More importantly,
they were not insignificant and might have had a direct bearing on the
decision I would arrive at. This necessitated further arguments – not least
because, in some instances at least (for example, with respect to the argument
from limitation), even the arguments within the submissions themselves were
not canvassed adequately enough. The entire proceedings were lengthened as a
result. Just when the finish line was thought to have been crossed, the
parties raised further issues centring around costs. And even after that, they
were unable to agree on the proper interpretation to be applied to the terms
of the judgment. Shortly after the terms of the judgment had been settled,
notices of appeal were filed by both parties.

2 I found in favour of the plaintiff in so far as liability was concerned, but
did not find in its favour with regard to all the items of damage it claimed.
Indeed, after allowing a set-off of a sum of $446,230.30 in favour of the
defendant, I awarded the plaintiff $1,243.20, together with interest and
costs. In effect, therefore, the plaintiff had, in the round, established a
successful claim to damages in the order of _nearly half a million dollars_.
This particular point, although noted at this preliminary juncture of this
judgment, becomes extremely significant when I consider the issue of costs
towards the end of the judgment.

3 The plaintiff, understandably, only appealed against part of my decision.
The defendant, whilst also appealing against part of my decision, was (in
substance, and necessarily) appealing against my entire set of findings on the
issue of liability. It would hence, taking a holistic view of the substance of
the appeals filed by both parties, conduce towards clarity if I set out the
detailed grounds for my _entire_ decision rendered in these proceedings.

4 By way of preliminary observation, the present proceedings also arose under
rather unfortunate circumstances. The main culprit, so to speak, was the main
contractor. However, the main contractor met a sad financial end (having been
liquidated in February 2000), leaving the plaintiff, its client, to bring the
present action against the defendant, who was the architect of the project
concerned. This, in itself, raised an interesting legal issue where it
ordinarily would not. The legal relationship between the plaintiff and the
main contractor comprised a design and build contract. Hence, the architect
was in fact employed by _the main contractor_ and not the plaintiff (the
plaintiff was, instead, the main contractor’s employer). In the circumstances,
therefore, the defendant would have owed legal duties to the main contractor,
and not to the plaintiff. The plaintiff nevertheless commenced this action
against the defendant based on a deed of indemnity (“the Deed”) that had been
entered into by both these parties. The plaintiff also based its action on the
tort of negligence. To exacerbate the situation, the defendant did not have
the benefit of insurance in so far as the plaintiff’s claims were concerned as
his (the defendant’s) professional indemnity policy did not cover the type of
contract entered into. In these circumstances, the ideal situation would have
been for both parties to have arrived at some form of settlement, since
neither was the main culprit. However, and understandably, the defendant’s
lack of insurance constituted a major obstacle in this regard. To exacerbate
matters still further, the frustration felt by both parties began to “bubble”
unhealthily to the surface. That there was much rancour between them (or, more
accurately, between one of the plaintiff’s directors and the defendant, both
of whom were the main witnesses at trial) was evident during the trial itself
– particularly in the substance of the relevant testimony as well as the
manner in which it was given. Such rancour was second only to that felt by the
director just mentioned towards the main contractor itself. The only silver
lining in this rather unfortunate turn of events is (as I have alluded to at
the outset of this judgment) that many interesting legal issues have arisen.
But this is, in my view, scant consolation for the parties who have now to
meet in a further round of “legal battle” on appeal.

5 The basic facts of the present proceedings are straightforward, and are
briefly as follows.

6 The plaintiff was, and is, a company in the business of designing and
fabricating metalwork for use in the electrical, mechanical, as well as
electronic and semi-conductor industries.

7 The defendant was, and is, an architect carrying on his practice under the
name and style of “W P Architects”.

8 Some time in mid-1994, the plaintiff desired, in view of its expanding
business, to build a bigger factory to cater to its business operations. It
managed, with the assistance of one Lim Chor Hua (“Lim”) of Pierre Marc Design
(“PMD”), to obtain from the Jurong Town Corporation a piece of land at Changi
South Avenue 2 for this purpose.

9 The plaintiff then entered into a written contract (dated 21 October 1996)
with Pierre Marc Corporation Pte Ltd(“PMC”). PMC was, under the terms of this
contract, engaged as the main contractor for the project briefly mentioned in
the preceding paragraph (PMC is hereafter referred to as “the main
contractor”). Lim was in fact also one of the shareholders of PMC. As already
mentioned, this contract was a “design and build contract”, under which the
main contractor undertook to both design and construct the plaintiff’s new
(and bigger) factory, together with the attendant surroundings (collectively
referred to as “the subject property”). This contract also incorporated (with
amendments) the April 1995 edition of the Public Sector Standard Conditions of
Contract, published by the Building and Construction Authority (the amendments
were located in the “Particular Conditions”).

10 The main contractor then engaged the defendant as the architect and
qualified person (“QP”) for the project. As already alluded to above (at [4]),
it should be noted that, at this particular juncture, the defendant had no
legal relationship as such with the plaintiff. This would not have been the
situation under a traditional construction contract, where the architect would
be engaged by the employer (here, the plaintiff). However, this was, as
already mentioned, a “design and build contract”, and the legal arrangement in
this particular regard was for the main contractor (here, PMC) to engage the
architect (here, the defendant). Hence, if matters had remained as they were,
there would have been no legal nexus as such between the plaintiff and the
defendant, and these proceedings would never have arisen in the first
instance.

11 However, and this is the crux of how the present proceedings arose, the
defendant entered into a _separate deed of indemnity_ (the Deed referred to at
the outset of this judgment at [4]) with the plaintiff dated 21 October 1996.
The Deed constitutes, in fact, the basis or point of departure for the
plaintiff’s claim against the defendant for both an alleged breach of its
terms as well as for alleged liability in tort for negligence. According to
the plaintiff, it is the Deed which establishes the requisite legal nexus
between the plaintiff and the defendant – which nexus was, as we have seen in
the preceding paragraph, hitherto absent.

12 In a nutshell, the main contractor did not perform up to expectations
pursuant to the “design and build contract” it had with the plaintiff. All
this was referred to right at the outset of the present judgment. There were,
_inter alia_ , both defects as well as delays. Indeed, in so far as this last-
mentioned point was concerned, the contractual completion date was 20 August
1997, but the project concerned was completed only much later. In the present
proceedings, the plaintiff now looks to the defendant to make good the damage
caused under their alleged legal relationship.

13 I turn, now, to the issue of liability in general and the specific claims
in particular – commencing, first, with the claim under the Deed itself.

The claim under the Deed

**_Background, arguments and testimony_**

14**** The issue with regard to this particular head of claim was
straightforward inasmuch as it centred, in the final analysis, on the
interpretation of the terms of the Deed itself. There was no allegation on the
part of the defendant that he had signed the Deed under duress or undue
influence or any other vitiating factor. The liability (if any) of the
defendant is therefore to be determined based on the meaning to be given to
the relevant parts of the Deed itself. To this end, the testimony of the main
witnesses – in the main, from one of the directors of the plaintiff, one Madam
Koh Hwee Kheng (“Madam Koh”), as well as from the defendant himself – was, in
this particular respect at least, not crucial and was, at best, marginal. What
is ultimately at issue is an _objective_ interpretation of the language of the
Deed itself, _regardless_ of the subjective allegations of the parties – save
where such allegations are in fact helpful in assisting the court in
ascertaining the _objective_ intention of the parties to the Deed itself.
However, one thing was clear in so far as the testimony of these two principal
witnesses was concerned: Madam Koh was, by far, the more truthful witness.
However, her evidence was marred by two closely related factors. The first was
her evident nervousness which was the result, in part, of being in the witness
box itself and, in part, of her evident anxiety not to state anything that
might jeopardise the plaintiff’s chances of succeeding in the present
proceedings. For instance, the following apprehension expressed by Madam Koh
at a fairly early stage of the proceedings is telling:[note: 1]

Witness [Madam Koh]: |  Your Honour, I was cheated. Your Honour, I’m so scared that I will lose the case. I was already cheated, I do not want just to say “yes, yes, yes” to everything. So if I everything say “yes” I might just lose the case like that.  
---|---  
Court: |  Okay.  
|  **(Witness breaks down)**  
Q [Counsel for the defendant]: |  I’m sorry, Mdm Koh, if I agitated you in any way. I’ll try to be nice to her.  
  
15 Although Madam Koh sought her level best to answer the questions put to her
by counsel, for the most part, her resultant testimony came through with a
staccato-like effect for the reasons stated in the preceding paragraph.

16 Secondly, Madam Koh’s testimony was also coloured by what she perceived to
be a grave injustice visited on her, her husband and the plaintiff company by
the main contractor. Her anger towards the main contractor and, consequently,
the defendant did, in my view, cast a partial shadow over her testimony. This
factor is particularly crucial when I come to consider a specific issue, the
decision of which turned on her relationship with (and, more importantly,
attitude towards) the _main contractor_ (see [166] below).

17 In contrast, the defendant was evasive in the witness box. He was
determined to say as little as possible. This is understandable because he,
too, felt aggrieved that the plaintiff had brought the present claim against
him. But that was the plaintiff’s prerogative, particularly in the light of
the Deed that he (the defendant) had signed. As already mentioned, the
defendant at no point challenged the validity of the Deed. Hence, the key
issues with respect to this particular document centred, in the final
analysis, on _its scope and content_. The arguments by both parties in this
last-mentioned regard were straightforward. However, before proceeding to set
out these arguments, it would be apposite to set out the terms of the Deed
itself.

18 The Deed itself was both short and simple, and reads as follows:

**DEED OF INDEMNITY**

**THIS DEED** is made on 21st day of October 1996 **BETWEEN:-**

(1)**SUNNY METAL & ENGINEERING PTE LTD,** a company whose registered office is
situated at 50 Senoko Road Singapore 785115 (hereinafter called “the
Employer”) of the one part; and

(2) **WP ARCHITECTS,** practising as consulting architects whose registered
office is at Blk 1 #340/D Balestier Hill Shopping Centre Thomson Road
Singapore 300001 (hereinafter called –“the Consultants”) of the other part.

**WHEREAS : -**

(A) The Employer intends to construct and complete a factory (hereinafter
called “the Project”) as described and specified in the Agreement dated the
21st day of October 1996 between the Employer and PIERRE MARC CORPORATION PTE
LTD (hereinafter called “the Contractor”).

(B) The Contractor is desirous of appointing the Consultants provide
professional architectural/engineering services in connection with the
Project.

Now in consideration of the/premises and of the Employer giving consent to the
Contractor to engage the Consultants/at the request of the Contractor and
Consultants, the Consultants agree with the Employer as follows:-

1\. The Consultants warrant that they shall exercise reasonable skill, care
and diligence in the performance of their duties to the Contractor and/or the
Employer.

2\. The Consultants acknowledge that the Employer has no liability to the
Consultants in respect of fees and expenses under the contract of appointment
between the Consultants and the Contractor.

3\. The copyright in all drawings, reports, specifications, calculations and
other similar documents provided by the Consultants in connection with the
Project shall remain vested with the Employer but the Consultants and their
appointee shall have a licence to copy and use such drawings and other
documents and to reproduce the designs contained in them for any purpose
related to the Project.

4\. The Consultants shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Employer from and
against all claims, demands, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses
arising out of or in connection with any breach of duty, whether in contract,
in tort or otherwise.

**IN WITNESS WHEREOF** the common seals of the parties were hereto affixed the
day and year first before written

The Common Seal of )  
**SUNNY METAL & ENGINEERING ** )  
**PTE LTD** was hereunto affixed in )[Seal of the plaintiff]  
the presence of :- )

[Signature]

………………. Director

[Signature]

………………. Director/Secretary

SIGNED SEALED AND DELIVERED by )

[Seal affixed by the defendant]

For and on behalf of **WP ARCHITECTS** )  
in the presence of :-

> [signature of the defendant and date (22 October 1996)]

19 Turning to the arguments of the respective parties, counsel for the
plaintiff, Ms Monica Neo, argued that, pursuant to the terms of the Deed, the
defendant owed the plaintiff legal duties in both contract as well as in tort.
She further argued that these duties included the duty to supervise the main
contractor’s (PMC’s) works and to ensure that the main contractor carried out
its work in accordance with the terms of the “design and build contract”. She
also argued that the defendant was under a duty to administer the “design and
build contract” properly and that he was under a duty to comply with all the
relevant codes, practices as well as statutes and regulations. Finally, she
argued that the defendant was under a statutory duty to submit, within 14 days
of his ceasing to carry out his duties under the Building Control Act (Cap 29,
1999 Rev Ed), the requisite Certificate of Supervision. In a nutshell, Ms Neo
argued that the defendant had failed, refused and/or neglected to carry out
these various duties and that the plaintiff had suffered loss as a result.
There had also been a claim for the loss of value of a “30 + 30 year” lease.
However, this particular claim was abandoned during the course of the trial.
In this regard, I must observe that the plaintiff abandoned this claim as soon
as it realised what the true facts were and ought not to be penalised for what
was, in the final analysis, a reasonable course of action (whether in respect
of costs or otherwise).

20 In so far as the alleged breach of contract pursuant to the terms of the
Deed was concerned, Ms Neo relied, specifically, on an alleged breach of cll 1
and 4 of the Deed, both of which have been reproduced above (at [18]). She had
appeared, initially at least, to run the plaintiff’s claim in this particular
regard by reading both clauses as operating in tandem. On further inquiry by
this court, however, she stated that she was also arguing that each of these
clauses could be relied upon as creating _independent_ legal duties. A close
perusal of the precise language of the relevant clauses reveals that this
latter approach must surely be correct and I now proceed to analyse these
clauses in the context of the facts of the present proceedings on that basis.

21 The main thrust of the plaintiff’s arguments with respect to an alleged
breach of contract under the terms of the Deed was premised on the assumption
that the legal duties that the defendant assumed under the Deed went _beyond_
those that he had _already_ assumed as QP and agreed to as part of his legal
relationship with the main contractor (PMC). Ms Neo argued, _inter alia_ ,
that there would have been no need for the plaintiff and the defendant to have
entered into this (separate) deed if the defendant’s duties therein went no
further than to reaffirm the duties that he (the defendant) had _already_
assumed as QP and had agreed to under his legal relationship with the main
contractor. In other words, this legal arrangement would, on the assumption
just stated, have been an exercise in legal redundancy and futility. In this
regard, the _context_ under which the Deed was entered into between the
plaintiff and the defendant is of the first importance and I will therefore
consider it in more detail below.

22 More specifically, Ms Neo also argued that the defendant’s legal duties as
QP centred, in fact, only around ensuring that there was compliance with the
requirements of the Building Control Act, the building regulations and the
approved plans (citing s 9(4)(_a_) of this particular Act). However, she
argued that the language of the terms of the Deed (in particular, cl 1
thereof) went _much further_ than that. Ms Neo also pointed to the fact that
the defendant had carried out various administrative roles, that he had
chaired as well as taken minutes of various meetings, and that he had carried
out various certification duties – all of which, she argued, were clearly
outside the scope of his duties as QP.

23 In so far as cl 4 of the Deed was concerned (reproduced above at [18]), Ms
Neo argued that as this clause referred to terms such as “damages”, “costs”,
“charges” and “expenses” in general terms, it was not confined merely to third
party claims.

24 On the other hand, counsel for the defendant, Mr Lai Yew Fei, argued,
first, that the defendant could not possibly have undertaken duties beyond
those he had owed as QP and under his legal relationship with the main
contractor (PMC) because this would have meant supervising the works of his
own employer (_viz_ , PMC). More importantly, he argued that the defendant’s
legal responsibilities were limited _only_ to duties owed as QP and, indeed,
that the defendant otherwise only owed legal duties to the main contractor,
who (as just mentioned) was his employer. It was also argued that it was
highly unusual for a building owner (here, the plaintiff) to appoint the
architect (here, the defendant) engaged by the main contractor (PMC) to
supervise and oversee the main contractor. This may well be the case. However,
nothing is impossible, and it was, in the final analysis, up to the defendant
to decide what legal relationships he wanted to enter into and how he wanted
to order his affairs. More importantly, there was, as we shall see (at [32]
below), an extremely important reason as to why the _plaintiff_ required the
defendant to enter into a separate contract, as embodied in the Deed.

25 More specifically, Mr Lai argued that cl 4 of the Deed (reproduced above at
[18]) applied only to a situation where claims had been made by a _third_
_party_ against the plaintiff and not to a situation such as the present where
no such claims were involved.

26 In so far as damage or loss was concerned, Mr Lai mounted a series of
arguments against recovery based, _inter alia_ , on the doctrine of remoteness
of damage.

**_Analysis_**

27 Turning now to the Deed itself, the language of the Deed as set out above
is plain and clear. Before proceeding to examine the actual language itself,
it bears emphasising, once again, that there were no allegations whatsoever
(in particular, by the defendant) to the effect that the Deed had been
procured by unlawful means. No vitiating factors, it should be reiterated,
were alleged.

28 The doctrine of consideration was similarly not an issue because the Deed
was precisely that – a contract under seal and which, under current Singapore
law, does not require consideration (see, for example, the Singapore High
Court decisions of _Development Bank of Singapore Ltd v Yeap Teik Leong_
[1988] SLR 796 at [28] and _Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Tay Keow Neo_ [1992] 1
SLR 205 at [59]). In any event, as the Deed itself points out, consideration
_was_ furnished. As a matter of general observation, it should be noted that
the doctrine of consideration itself, although long established, has come
under increasing fire – especially in recent years. For example, in the
Singapore High Court decision _of Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_
[2004] 2 SLR 594 (“ _Digilandmall_ ”), affirmed on appeal in _Chwee Kin Keong
v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 502 without considering this
particular issue, V K Rajah JC (as he then was) observed, as follows (at
[139]):

139 Next, the defendant contends that no consideration passed from the
plaintiffs to them. The credit card payments had not been processed. No cash
had been collected. Consideration was less than executory and non-existent.
This contention is wholly untenable. The modern approach in contract law
requires very little to find the existence of consideration. Indeed, in
difficult cases, the courts in several common law jurisdictions have gone to
extraordinary lengths to conjure up consideration. (See for example the
approach in _Williams v Roffey Bros_ _& Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1990] 1
All ER 512.) No modern authority was cited to me suggesting an intended
_commercial transaction of this nature_ could ever fail for want of
consideration. Indeed, the time may have come for the common law to shed the
pretence of searching for consideration to uphold commercial contracts. The
marrow of contractual relationships should be the parties’ intention to create
a legal relationship. Having expressed my views on consideration, I should
also add for good measure that, in any event, there is ample consideration.
There was a promise to pay made by the plaintiffs in exchange for the delivery
of the requisite laser printers. Mutual promises, by all accounts, on the
basis of existing case law, more than amply constitute consideration.
[emphasis added]

29**** Indeed, the doctrine of consideration may be outmoded even outside the
context of purely commercial transactions, even though commercial transactions
constitute (admittedly) the paradigm example where the doctrine ought to be
abolished. To elaborate, on a more general level, there exists, first, the
somewhat inconsistent approaches adopted between situations where it is sought
to enforce a promise to pay more (see, for example, the leading English
decisions of _Stilk v Myrick_ (1809) 2 Camp 317 and _Williams v Roffey Bros &
Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB 1) and where it is sought to enforce a
promise to take less (see, for example, the leading English decisions of
_Foakes v Beer_ (1884) 9 App Cas 605 and _Re Selectmove_ [1995] 1 WLR 474).
The present situation in Singapore is also not unambiguously clear in this
regard (see the Court of Appeal decision of _Sea-Land Service Inc v Cheong
Fook Chee Vincent_ [1994] 3 SLR 631, where _Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls
(Contractors) Ltd_ was ostensibly applied).

30 More importantly, perhaps, the combined effect of _Williams v Roffey Bros &
Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ (to the effect that a _factual_ , as opposed to a
legal, benefit or detriment is sufficient consideration) and the well-
established proposition that consideration must be sufficient but need not be
adequate (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Wong
Fook Heng v Amixco Asia Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 342 at 348, [23]) is that (as
Rajah JC has pointed out in _Digilandmall_ (see [28] above)) it will, absent
exceptional circumstances, be all too easy to locate some element of
consideration between contracting parties. This would render the requirement
of consideration otiose or redundant, at least for the most part. On the other
hand, there are other possible alternatives available that can perform the
tasks that the doctrine of consideration is intended to effect. These include
the requirement of writing, as well as the doctrines of promissory estoppel,
economic duress and undue influence (for these two last-mentioned doctrines,
in the context of the modification of existing legal obligations). However,
the doctrine of consideration in general, and its possible abolition or reform
in particular, does not, thankfully, arise for decision on the facts of the
present proceedings.

31 Returning to the Deed proper, as already mentioned, the language therein is
clear. Clause 1, in particular, could not be worded more clearly; it states:

The Consultants warrant that they shall exercise reasonable skill, care and
diligence in the performance of their duties to the Contractor and/or the
Employer.

32 As I have noted above, the defendant argued that the _content and scope_ of
that duty was confined to duties he (the defendant) already owed as QP as well
as under his own legal relationship with the main contractor. I found this to
be neither a sensible nor a logical interpretation to adopt. If, in fact, cl 1
was _merely to reiterate_ the (limited) duties that the defendant _already
owed_ to the plaintiff, why then did the plaintiff insist on the defendant
signing the Deed in general and agreeing to cl 1 therein in particular? This
was, as we have seen, the main argument proffered by the plaintiff in this
particular regard, and I agree with it. To elaborate, the plaintiff clearly
intended for the Deed to give it _extra legal protection_ by subjecting _the
defendant, on a personal level,_ to legal duties that he (the defendant) would
not otherwise have had under the existing arrangement. As we have seen, the
existing arrangement was a “design and build contract”, under which the
defendant, as architect, owed _no_ legal duties to the plaintiff as such. It
bears repeating that the entire point of the Deed was therefore to ensure that
the defendant _did_ owe legal duties to the plaintiff as well. The _context_
under which the “design and build contract” was entered into between the
plaintiff and the main contractor – which included the discomfort the
plaintiff felt in entering into the contract with the main contractor in the
first instance (and this is evidenced, _inter alia_ , in the relevant
correspondence the plaintiff adduced in evidence,[note: 2] all of which were
put to – and not denied – by the defendant during the trial itself) – merely
underscores why the plaintiff wanted the _additional_ (legal) protection
afforded by the Deed. The defendant also performed various duties that clearly
went beyond the narrow scope of duties he alleged he had assumed (see also,
for example, above at [22]). I pause here to observe that although the
defendant did attempt to furnish explanations as to why he assumed these
various duties, they were unsatisfactory; as I have already pointed out (above
at [17]), the defendant was evasive in the witness box and, in this regard, I
also reject his evidence to the effect that one Tim Tio (the plaintiff’s then
employee) had assumed the supervisory and administrative roles as
Superintending Officer instead. Looked at in this light, _and_ in the light of
the _plain language_ of cl 1 above, it is clear that cl 1 means exactly what
it says – _in other words, the defendant warranted, in a Deed no less, that he
would exercise reasonable skill, care and diligence in the performance of his
duties owed to,_ _inter alia, the plaintiff. These legal duties included the
proper supervision of the main contractor’s work. It was on that basis that
the plaintiff was willing to enter into the (separate) “design and build
contract” with the main contractor_. It is axiomatic that the court ought, if
at all possible, to give effect to the terms of the contract between the
parties _and_ to interpret such terms in the light of the surrounding
circumstances as a whole. It is clear, in my view, that the defendant owed a
duty of care to the plaintiff to assist in ensuring that the main contractor
fulfilled its obligations under the “design and build contract”. And it was
with this assurance that the plaintiff felt comfortable entering into the
“design and build contract” with the main contractor. This may well have put
the defendant in a rather awkward position, as Mr Lai argued (see [24] above).
However, whatever the legal position between the defendant and the main
contractor, this cannot detract from the clear language of cl 1 of the Deed
itself, the intention and content of which was buttressed by both the relevant
correspondence (see above and also at [35] below) as well as by the testimony
that emerged during the trial itself. This last-mentioned evidence was clearly
admissible in order to elucidate the circumstances and context under which the
Deed in general and cl 1 in particular were entered into between the plaintiff
and the defendant. Indeed, such evidence enables the court to avoid the legal
redundancy and futility referred to above (at [21]). Further, the plaintiff’s
version of events surrounding the execution of the Deed was both credible and
remained unshaken despite the vigorous efforts of Mr Lai during his cross-
examination of Madam Koh.

33 However, despite having found a contractual duty of care owed by the
defendant to the plaintiff under cl 1 of the Deed, I am unable to accept the
plaintiff’s further argument (see especially at [23] above) that such a duty
_also_ arose from cl 4 of the Deed, which reads as follows:

The Consultants shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Employer from and
against all claims, demands, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses
arising out of or in connection with any breach of duty, whether in contract,
in tort or otherwise.

34 The language of cl 4 is plain and clear: It is an indemnity clause that
necessarily presupposes liability incurred by the plaintiff to _a third party_
, and for which the defendant undertook (pursuant to the terms of cl 4) to
indemnify the plaintiff. In short, cll 1 and 4 of the Deed are _separate and
independent of each other, and deal with different legal obligations_.
However, that having been said, it is clear (as I have already pointed out
above) that the defendant does owe the plaintiff a duty of care under _cl 1,
albeit not under cl 4_.

35 The next question following from this conclusion would naturally be: Has
this contractual duty pursuant to cl 1 of the Deed been breached? It is clear
that it has. There were, in fact, numerous reminders from the plaintiff to the
defendant, complaining that the latter had not exercised the requisite degree
of supervision over the work of the main contractor[note: 3] – a point that
the defendant did not deny under cross-examination by Ms Neo. It was also
clear, on the evidence, that the defendant was aware of the actual situation
on-site. The main contractor did not in fact perform up to expectations and
damage to the plaintiff ensued as a result. The defendant had also not
fulfilled his certification duties. He also failed to apply for the Temporary
Occupation Permit, and failed to issue the requisite Certificate of
Supervision within the stipulated (statutory) period.

36 The defendant, on the other hand, sought to argue that the plaintiff had in
fact breached its legal obligations under the “design and build contract” with
the main contractor. With respect, I found the arguments in this particular
regard to be both speculative and unhelpful. In the circumstances, therefore,
the defendant had clearly breached its contractual obligations under cl 1
(albeit not cl 4) of the Deed. The extent of damage or loss that it is liable
to the plaintiff for will be dealt with below when I come to the remedies the
plaintiff is entitled to as a result of the defendant’s breach of his legal
duties. Before proceeding to do that, however, I need to consider the
alternative cause of action pleaded by the plaintiff – the claim in the tort
of negligence. This particular issue necessarily raises all the thorny issues
centring on liability in negligence for pure economic loss. Notwithstanding
much clarification from the Singapore Court of Appeal, it is my view that
there remain significant conceptual difficulties that cannot (unfortunately)
be confined solely within the realm of theory. On the contrary, these
difficulties are of profound practical significance and therefore cannot be
ignored. In order to allow the full flavour of these difficulties to become
apparent, I will first attempt to set out the backdrop against which these
various difficulties arise before proceeding to then consider how they might
be resolved without militating against the holdings of the Singapore Court of
Appeal (by which I am, of course, bound). Fortunately, the legal elements or
principles that ought to be applied are relatively clear, _regardless_ of the
precise test adopted.

The claim in negligence

**_The applicable legal principles_**

_Introduction_

37 As already mentioned, the plaintiff mounted an alternative claim in
negligence for damages for pure economic loss.

38 The entire area relating to liability in negligence for pure economic loss
is a confused – and confusing – area. Different approaches have been adopted
in different Commonwealth jurisdictions. The law is still in a state of flux.
Even the position in Singapore is not, with respect, unambiguously clear,
despite appearances to the contrary (which I will come to in a moment). This
is perhaps understandable in light of the very nature of the subject matter
itself. The realm of liability in negligence for pure economic loss is one of
those rare areas of the law where theory and practice find themselves at a
clear confluence, and where each is closely defined by the other. This is
quite distinct from the usual situation where there is a gap – often, and
somewhat unfortunately, a large one – between theory on the one hand and
practice on the other. Indeed, many of the difficulties in this particular
area of the law have their roots in the conceptual sphere. I have always held
the view that a judge ought not, absent exceptional circumstances, refer to
his or her extra-judicial writings. In this regard, though, I note the rather
quaint situation where McKinnon LJ, in what is now a classic passage in an
oft-cited decision, did refer, in passing and without detail, to the text of
an essay when judicially formulating his classic “officious bystander” test in
the context of the law of implied terms. These were his actual words (see the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Shirlaw v Southern Foundries (1926) Ltd_
[1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 (affirmed by the House of Lords in [1940] AC 701)):

If I may quote from _an essay which I wrote some years ago_ , I then said:
“Prima facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common, ‘Oh, of course!’”

At least it is true, I think, that, if a term were never implied by a judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

[emphasis added]

39 The exact source of this well-known statement of principle was, if I may
say so, one of the great legal mysteries which nobody ever talked about. I
once thought that I was the only person who wondered what the exact identity
of that elusive “essay” was, and whether it was ever published. It was only
after I had uncovered it literally in the bowels of Langdell Library at
Harvard Law School (ironically, thousands of miles distant from where the
essay had originated) and incorporated it in an essay of my own on implied
terms that I discovered that there were a great many persons wondering
precisely the same thing! I will not exercise further judicial licence by
referring to my own essay, but it may be an apt denouement at this particular
point to reveal the fact that McKinnon LJ’s essay was really a lecture. In
this regard, I will merely repeat what I had said in my judgment in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v
Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 927 at [31]:

Interestingly, the essay referred to above was in fact a public lecture
delivered at the London School of Economics in the University of London: see
Sir Frank MacKinnon, _Some Aspects of Commercial Law – A Lecture Delivered at
the London School of Economics on 3 March 1926_ (Oxford University Press,
1926) (and see, especially, at p 13).

40 So there appears to be some (albeit slender) precedent for a judge to cite
his or her own extra-judicial writings. This was one that I was aware of off-
hand. Another was helpfully brought to my attention subsequently. This was
even more helpful. It was of infinitely more recent vintage. And it was by a
law lord. This relates to Lord Millett’s reference to his article in the
important House of Lords decision of _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_ [2002] 2 AC
164, as follows (at [80]):

_In “The Quistclose Trust: Who Can Enforce It?” (1985) 101 LQR, 269, I argued
that the beneficial interest remained throughout in the lender. This analysis
has received considerable though not universal academic support_ : see for
example Priestley LJ “The Romalpa Clause and the Quistclose Trust” in _Equity
and Commercial Relationships_ , edited by P D Finn (1987), pp 217, 237; and
Professor Michael Bridge “The Quistclose Trust in a World of Secured
Transactions” (1992) 12 OJLS 333, 352; and others. It was adopted by the New
Zealand Court of Appeal in _General Communications Ltd v Development Finance
Corpn of New Zealand Ltd_ [1990] 3 NZLR 406 and referred to with apparent
approval by Gummow J in _In re Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust_ (1991)
102 ALR 681. [emphasis added]

The fact that the learned law lord was dissenting makes _no_ difference to the
principle of citation I am presently concerned with.

41 Apart from this rather slender stream of authority, however, the guiding
principle with regard to citations of this nature must surely be that of
necessity. In the nature of things, therefore (and as I have already alluded
to above), such citation will be the very rare exception rather than the rule.
In this regard, given the inherent practical as well as (especial) conceptual
difficulties surrounding the law relating to liability in negligence for pure
economic loss, I feel compelled to refer to an article I co-wrote which
attempts to deal comprehensively with the topic from both comparative as well
as conceptual perspectives: see Andrew Phang, Cheng Lim Saw and Gary Chan, “Of
Precedent, Theory and Practice – The Case for a Return to _Anns_ ” [2006] Sing
JLS 1 (“Of Precedent, Theory and Practice”). I should include the caveat that
this article, although published recently, was in fact written before I came
on the bench. It is therefore an academic article. But having re-read it even
more recently, there is much in it that I believe will be helpful to a
judicial consideration (or even re-consideration) of this very thorny area in
the law of tort. Indeed, the strict dichotomy occasionally drawn between
academic work on the one hand and court judgments on the other is, in the
medium and longer terms, a recipe for disaster. This is because theory cannot
be divorced from practice. Each interacts with – and needs – the other. Shorn
of their theoretical roots, the relevant rules and principles will become
ossified. On the other hand, if one stays only in the rarefied atmosphere of
“high theory”, the danger of collapsing for want of the “oxygen” of practical
reality is not only possible; it would be imminent. But extreme positions have
always had this effect and should therefore be assiduously eschewed. More to
the point, they do not reflect reality and, if they should become reality, the
legal system would be much the poorer for it. However, the conflict between
theory and practice just referred to is, in my view, a false one. As I have
already emphasised, the process is, instead, an _interactive_ one. Whilst one
must, in the main, have one’s legal feet firmly planted on the _terra firma_
of practical reality (and this means, _inter alia_ , paying close attention to
the facts of the case at hand), one must (occasionally, at least) adopt a
“helicopter view” which the theoretical roots afford in order to survey the
legal terrain in perspective, lest the wood be lost for the trees. However,
the process is, in the final analysis, an interactive one inasmuch as there is
no dogmatic rule that the court can only do one to the exclusion of the other,
or that one or the other can only be done at designated times only. Much
depends on the applicable rules and principles, as well as the precise factual
matrix concerned.

42 Put simply, academics must not indulge in impractical “hobby horses”, but
must write for that wider legal audience (comprising not merely students and
fellow academics but also practitioners and judges) which is willing to
consider their arguments and ideas, and even put them into practice. On the
other hand, courts ought, in my view, to incorporate such arguments and ideas
whenever to do so would not only aid in resolving the case at hand in a just
and fair manner but would also aid in the development of the law in that
particular area.

43 Having regard to the views I have just expressed, I must, with respect,
differ (at least somewhat) from the views expressed by Lord Goff of Chieveley
in his perceptive and thought-provoking Maccabaean Lecture entitled “The
Search for Principle” (1983) 69 Proceedings of the British Academy 169
(reprinted in _The Search for Principle – Essays in Honour of Lord Goff of
Chieveley_ (William Swadling & Gareth Jones eds) (Oxford University Press,
1999) at pp 313–329 (citation will be from this latter reference)), where the
learned law lord spoke, _inter alia_ , on the respective functions of both
judge and jurist; in particular, he pointed to the fact that the roles of both
are not the same and that the former focuses on the facts of the particular
case whereas the latter focuses on the idea. In other words, the judge focuses
on the particular whereas the jurist focuses on the universal; the former
approach is really more “fragmented” whereas the latter approach is broader.
Lord Goff proceeded to observe thus (at pp 327–328):

It is sometimes asked – who should be dominant, judge or jurist? … Dominance
can be considered in many forms, and in terms of power or influence. However,
in the one matter which I regard as important for present purposes, which is
the development of legal principles, the dominant power should, I believe, be
that of the judge. This is not because the judge is likely to be a better
lawyer than the jurist; far from it. It is because it is important that the
dominant element in the development of the law should be professional reaction
to the individual fact-situations, rather than theoretical development of
legal principles. Pragmatism must be the watchword.

44 The dichotomy drawn above between judge and jurist is perhaps a little too
stark. Whilst the learned author does allude briefly to the fact that the work
of judge and jurist is complementary, the element of _interaction_ is, with
respect, not emphasised _sufficiently_. It is precisely the conceptual as well
as logical analysis contained in the synthesis of academic writings that
provides the necessary material for judges to apply to the facts at hand and,
on occasion and in appropriate cases, to advance the law (albeit, in the
nature of things, incrementally, at least for the most part). It is through
the crystallisation of these broader and more general principles that the law
gains coherence in its application to discrete situations. Moreover, certain
academic writings (in particular, comments and notes on particular cases) will
contain much more specific analysis of legal issues that might not “qualify”
as synthesis as such but would nevertheless be extremely helpful to a court
faced with the same (or similar) issues. However, there is also a need for
academic writings to have regard to issues that are – or are likely to be –
faced by courts in actual cases; academic scholars should not go off on
fanciful “academic frolics” of their own. These would, for example, include
esoteric theories tailored for hypothetical situations which are wholly
divorced from any sort of reality whatsoever. This is not to state that such
hypothetical situations might not be invoked very occasionally to emphasise a
point. However, a moderate – let alone excessive – indulgence in such an
approach is both undesirable and tends to undermine the utility as well as
credibility of the academic writing concerned. Nevertheless, the reasonable
postulation of hypothetical situations that might arise before the courts and
the legal analysis that flows therefrom might not only have useful normative
value for the courts but might also assist in the resolution of current fact
situations by analogy.

_The “two stage test”_

45 Returning to the article cited above (at [41]), _viz_ , “Of Precedent,
Theory and Practice”, the basic thesis stated therein is a simple (yet
practical) one – that the courts ought to return to the simple (albeit not
simplistic) formulation of Lord Wilberforce in the House of Lords decision of
_Anns_ _v Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728 (“ _Anns_ ”); the
formula itself is as follows (at 751–752):

[I]n order to establish that a duty of care arises in a particular situation,
it is not necessary to bring the facts of that situation within those of
previous situations in which a duty of care has been held to exist. Rather the
question has to be approached in _two stages_. _First_ one has to ask whether,
as between the alleged wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there
is _a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood_ such that, in the
reasonable contemplation of the former, carelessness on his part may be likely
to cause damage to the latter – in which case a _prima facie duty_ _of care_
arises. _Secondly_ , if the first question is answered affirmatively, it is
necessary to consider whether there are any considerations which ought to
_negative, or to reduce or limit the scope of_ the duty _or_ the class of
persons to whom it is owed or the damages to which breach of it may give rise.
[emphasis added]

46  This has popularly been referred to as the “two stage test”. The _first_
limb comprises a _legal_ conception of reasonable foreseeability or
_proximity_ (in _contrast_ to a purely _factual_ conception of reasonable
foreseeability, which would, by its very nature cast too wide a “net” of
liability). It could not, in my view, have been the case that Lord Wilberforce
was referring to a _factual_ conception of reasonable foreseeability or
proximity simply because _almost everything_ would be reasonably foreseeable.
As I have just mentioned, this would run foul of the danger encompassed within
the famous (and oft-cited) observations of the great American judge, Cardozo
CJ, in _Ultramares Corporation v Touche_ 174 NE 441 (1931) of “liability in an
indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time to an indeterminate class” (at
444). In the circumstances, therefore, it would not only avoid potential
confusion but also conduce towards more clarity to characterise this _factual_
conception as “reasonable foreseeability” and the _legal_ conception as
“proximity”. As we shall see, the _real_ difficulty (from both conceptual as
well as practical perspectives) is defining what the latter, _viz_ , “
_proximity_ ”, is.

47 The distinction drawn between “reasonable foreseeability” and “proximity”
in the preceding paragraph – between the factual and the legal – is important,
simply because it was not always clear which aspect Lord Atkin was referring
to when he enunciated the famous “neighbour principle” in the seminal House of
Lords decision of _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562, as follows (at 580):

The rule that you are to love your neighbour becomes in law, you must not
injure your neighbour; and the lawyer’s question, Who is my neighbour?
receives a restricted reply. You must take reasonable care to avoid acts or
omissions which you can reasonably foresee would be likely to injure your
neighbour. Who, then, in law is my neighbour? The answer seems to be – persons
who are so closely and directly affected by my act that I ought reasonably to
have them in contemplation as being so affected when I am directing my mind to
the acts or omissions which are called in question.

48 Indeed, many assumed that the above formulation, seminal though it was,
referred to the _factual_ aspect. As we have seen, such an interpretation is,
of course, much too broad to constitute a basis for ascertaining whether or
not there exists a legal duty of care – especially in the context of liability
in negligence for pure economic loss. More importantly, such a criterion is
inappropriate simply because we would be attempting to utilise a _factual_
basis from which to ascertain what _legal_ (and, _ex hypothesi_ , _normative_)
consequences ought to follow. This is very much like comparing the proverbial
apples with oranges or mixing oil with water. In other words, in order to
arrive at a rule or principle with _normative_ force, one cannot premise it on
a _descriptive or factual_ basis _only_.

49 Turning now to the _second_ limb in the “two stage test” in _Anns_ , it
will be seen from the quotation above (at [45]) that this limb comprises
broader _policy_ factors which go towards limiting the scope of that duty.

_The “three part test”_

50 However, the “two stage test” has since lost favour in England, where the
“three part test”, embodied in the House of Lords decision of _Caparo
Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo_ ”), appears to have been
adopted instead (and _cf_ below at [75]). This last-mentioned test is embodied
within the following observations by Lord Bridge of Harwich (see _Caparo_ at
617–618):

What emerges is that, _in addition to the foreseeability of damage_ ,
necessary ingredients in any situation giving rise to a duty of care are that
there should exist between the party owing the duty and the party to whom it
is owed _a relationship characterised by the law as one of “proximity” or
“neighbourhood”_ and that the situation should be one in which the court
considers it _fair, just and reasonable_ that the law should impose a duty of
a given scope upon the one party for the benefit of the other. [emphasis
added]

51  The “three part test” comprises, as is evident from the quotation above,
the following elements, _viz_ , (a) foreseeability, (b) proximity, and (c) the
requirement that the imposition of any duty of care be “fair, just and
reasonable”.

_The tests are the same in substance_

52 At this juncture, it is important to point out that, in my view at least,
the “three part test” is, in substance and effect, the _same_ as the “two
stage test” – except that, by adding on, as it were, an extra stage to the
entire inquiry, the “three part test” actually engenders more heat and
confusion rather than light and clarity. Let me elaborate.

53 It might be appropriate to begin in an ostensibly unorthodox fashion – from
the back to the front, so to speak. In particular, the second limb in the “two
stage test” and the third part of the “three part test” are, in my view, _one
and the same_. In other words, asking whether there are policy factors
limiting the scope of a duty of care under the former is the same thing as
asking whether or not it is “fair, just and reasonable” to impose a duty of
care under the latter.

54 Turning, next, to the concept of “proximity”, it is clear, in my view that
the concept of “proximity” under the first limb of the “two stage test” and
the same concept under the second part of the “three part test” are _also one
and the same_.

55 But, it may quite legitimately be asked, is there not still a _difference_
between the “two stage test” and the “three part test” simply because, after
the analysis in the preceding two paragraphs, there _remains_ the _first part_
of the “three part test”, which is _not_ present in the “two stage test”? The
answer to this question is a simple one. The first part of the “three part
test” (relating to “foreseeability”) is, in effect, a reference to the
_factual_ conception of reasonable foreseeability or proximity. It is, in
other words, what I have earlier termed (at [46] above) as “reasonable
foreseeability”. Although this consideration has been incorporated as an
element within the “three part test” itself, its incorporation is, with
respect, _unnecessary_. As I have already pointed out above (at [46]), the
requirement of reasonable foreseeability from a _factual_ perspective will
_almost always be satisfied_ , simply because of its very nature and the very
wide nature of the “net” it necessarily casts. There is therefore _no
practical need_ to include such a _factual_ element within a _legal_
formulation such as exists with regard to the existence (or otherwise) of _a
duty of care_. If, in other words, the _first part_ in the “three part test”
is _redundant_ , then there would be _no difference, in substance and effect,
between the “three part test” and the “two stage test”, having regard to the
correlation (indeed, coincidence) referred to above_ (at [53]–[54])_._ I would
go further and observe that _by confining the formulation of the duty of care
to its strictly legal form by incorporating only the two most essential
elements (of proximity, qualified by policy), the “two stage test” is superior
to the “three part test”, the latter of which tends to complicate matters
unnecessarily be introducing the first (factual) element which is really
redundant or otiose, as just explained above._ This is not to state that this
last-mentioned (_factual_) element is to be discarded. As I have already
mentioned, it will _almost always_ be satisfied. More importantly, if it is
not, then there would _not_ be any _legal_ proximity in the first instance
_since even the factual substratum or pre-requisite would not exist in the
first instance_. However, this does _not_ entail elevating this _factual_
element into the status of a _legal_ one by regarding it as a separate _legal_
element, in and of itself.

56 __ It should also be pointed out, at this juncture, that, with the
exception of England and Malaysia, the “two stage test” laid down by Lord
Wilberforce in _Anns_ (reproduced at [45] above) has in fact been embraced –
in one form or another – throughout the Commonwealth. In this regard, I have
in mind, in particular, the legal position in Australia, New Zealand and
Canada. An overview of the legal position in the various major Commonwealth
jurisdictions can in fact be found in “Of Precedent, Theory and Practice”
([41] _supra_ at pp 4–37).

_The concept of proximity and the allied concepts of voluntary assumption of
responsibility as well as reasonable reliance_

57**** However, even if we accept that the “two stage test” laid down by Lord
Wilberforce in _Anns_ ought to be the governing law, there remain a number of
difficulties – the chief of which centres around the meaning to be attributed
to, and (as, if not more, importantly) the application of, the (legal) concept
of _proximity_. The level as well as intensity of the difficulties in this
particular regard become immediately clear when an eminent law lord like Lord
Bridge of Harwich observed (in _Caparo_ ([50] _supra_ at 618)) thus:

[T]he concepts of proximity and fairness … are not susceptible of any such
precise definition as would be necessary to give them utility as practical
tests, but amount in effect to little more than convenient labels to attach to
the features of different specific situations which, on a detailed examination
of all the circumstances, the law recognises pragmatically as giving rise to a
duty of care of a given scope. [emphasis added]

The “legal anxiety” in this regard is compounded when another eminent law
lord, Lord Roskill, observed, in a similar vein in the same case, thus (at
628):

Phrases such as “foreseeability”, “proximity”, “neighbourhood”, “just and
reasonable”, “fairness”, “voluntary acceptance of risk”, or “voluntary
assumption of responsibility” will be found used from time to time in the
different cases. But, as your Lordships have said, such phrases are _not
precise definitions. At best they are but labels or phrases descriptive of the
very different factual situations which can exist in particular cases and
which must be carefully examined in each case before it can be pragmatically
determined whether a duty of care exists and, if so, what is the scope and
extent of that duty_. [emphasis added]

58 One should also refer to the observations of Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in
the House of Lords decision of _Alcock v Chief Constable of South Yorkshire
Police_ [1992] 1 AC 310 at 411, that “in the end, it has to be accepted that
the concept of “proximity” is an _artificial_ one which depends more upon the
court’s perception of what is the reasonable area for the imposition of
liability than upon any logical process of analogical deduction” [emphasis
added] (see also, by the same law lord, in _Caparo_ ([50] _supra_) at 633).

59 However, all is not mere legal doom and gloom, for, if nothing else,
efforts must be made to concretise (here) the concept of proximity lest the
courts be left powerless to adjudicate the claims before them. To this end,
one might note the Hong Kong Privy Council decision of _Yuen Kun Yeu v
Attorney-General of Hong Kong_ [1988] AC 175 at 194, where Lord Keith of
Kinkel, who delivered the judgment of the Board, referred to the concept of
“close and direct relations” (see also _id_ at 192). One might also have
regard to the decision of Deane J in the Australian High Court decision of
_Sutherland Shire Council v Heyman_ (1985) 157 CLR 424 (“ _Heyman_ ”), where
the learned judge observed (in an important passage) thus (at 497–498):

The requirement of proximity is directed to _the relationship between the
parties_ in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or
omission of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff.
It involves _the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical_
proximity (in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of
the plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, _circumstantial_
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (_perhaps loosely_) be referred
to as _causal_ proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the
causal connexion or relationship between the particular act or course of
conduct and the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect _an assumption by one
party of a responsibility_ to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or
damage to the person or property of another or _reliance_ by one party upon
such care being taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew
or ought to have known of that reliance. _Both the identity and the relative
importance of the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are
likely to vary in different categories of case._ That does _not mean_ that
there is scope for decision by reference to idiosyncratic notions of justice
or morality or that it is a proper approach to treat the requirement of
proximity as _a question of fact to be resolved merely by reference to the
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant in the particular
circumstances._ The requirement of a relationship of proximity _serves as a
touchstone and control of the categories of case in which the common law will
adjudge that a duty of care is owed._ Given the general circumstances of a
case in a new or developing area of the law of negligence, the question what
(if any) combination or combinations of factors will satisfy the requirement
of proximity is a _question of law to be resolved by the processes of legal
reasoning, induction and deduction. On the other hand, the identification of
the content of that requirement in such an area should not be either
ostensibly or actually divorced from notions of what is “fair and reasonable”
… or from the considerations of public policy which underlie and enlighten the
existence and content of the requirement._ [emphasis added]

60 The following observations by Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead (dissenting, but
not on this particular point) in the House of Lords decision of _Stovin v
Wise_ [1996] AC 923 at 932 are also helpful:

The _Caparo_ tripartite test elevates proximity to the dignity of a separate
heading. This formulation tends to suggest that proximity is a separate
ingredient, distinct from fairness and reasonableness, and capable of being
identified by some other criteria. This is not so. Proximity is a slippery
word. Proximity is not legal shorthand for a concept with its own, objectively
identifiable characteristics. Proximity is convenient shorthand for a
relationship between two parties which makes it fair and reasonable one should
owe the other a duty of care. This is only another way of saying that when
assessing the requirements of fairness and reasonableness regard must be had
to the relationship of the parties.

61 There is a suggestion of some overlap between the concept of proximity and
the element of “fair, just and reasonable”, although the focus of the latter
should (as I have suggested above at [53]) be on policy factors instead. The
learned law lord also proceeded to observe thus ([60] _supra_ at 932):

[T]he pithy, tripartite formulation has advantages. The relationship between
the parties is an important ingredient in the overall assessment. The
tripartite test is useful in focusing attention specifically on this feature
and also in clearly separating this feature from foreseeability of damage.

62 And, in the Canadian Supreme Court decision of _Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206
DLR (4th) 193, McLachlan CJC and Major J, who delivered the judgment of the
court, observed thus:

[31] … Two things may be said [about the concept of “proximity”]. The first is
that “proximity” is generally used in the authorities to characterize the type
of relationship in which a duty of care may arise. The second is that
sufficiently proximate relationships are identified through the use of
categories. The categories are not closed and new categories of negligence may
be introduced. But generally, proximity is established by reference to these
categories. This provides certainty to the law of negligence, while still
permitting it to evolve to meet the needs of new circumstances.

[32] On the first point, it seems clear that the word “proximity” in
connection with negligence has from the outset and throughout its history been
used to describe the type of relationship in which a duty of care to guard
against foreseeable negligence may be imposed. “Proximity” is the term used to
describe the “close and direct” relationship that Lord Atkin described as
necessary to grounding a duty of care in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [and see above
at [47]] …

…

[34] … Defining the relationship may involve looking at expectations,
representations, reliance, and the property or other interests involved.
Essentially, these are factors that allow us to evaluate the closeness of the
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant and to determine whether
it is just and fair having regard to that relationship to impose a duty of
care in law upon the defendant.

[35] The factors which may satisfy the requirement of proximity are diverse
and depend on the circumstances of the case. One searches in vain for a single
unifying characteristic.

63**** However, at the end of the day, the concept of proximity is still a
somewhat elusive one. In order to infuse a datum measure of certainty and
practicality into the process of ascertaining whether or not proximity exists
in law on the facts of any given case, it is suggested that the twin (and
related) concepts of the _voluntary assumption of responsibility_ _and
reasonable reliance_ would be of great assistance. Indeed, both these concepts
are embodied in the observations of Deane J in _Heyman_ (quoted above at
[59]). Both concepts are not only of practical utility; they are also
conceptually related. In this last-mentioned regard, I can do no better than
to quote from “Of Precedent, Theory and Practice”, as follows ([41] _supra_ at
pp 47–48 (footnotes omitted)):

We would further submit that _both_ bases are not only to be ascertained on an
objective basis but are also _complementary and integrated_. Indeed, authority
for _both_ bases can be located in the _Hedley Byrne_ case [_viz_ , the
seminal House of Lords decision on negligent misstatement in _Hedley Byrne &
Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465] itself. More importantly, there
is, in the final analysis, _no real conflict_ between both bases. The
rationale of reasonable _reliance_ centres on the _claimant’s_ perspective,
whilst the rationale of _voluntary assumption_ of responsibility centres on
the _defendant’s_ perspective (the defendant having _made_ the alleged
misstatement in the first instance). In summary, _both_ perspectives are, at
bottom, _two different (yet inextricably connected) sides of the same coin and
ought therefore to be viewed in an integrated and holistic fashion._ It
therefore should not be surprising in the least that courts and judges
frequently refer to _both_ bases in the same case or judgment, respectively.
What is particularly significant for the purposes of the present article is
this: the (complementary) concepts of both reasonable reliance as well as
voluntary assumption of responsibility appear to the present writers to
constitute the best – and most practical – criteria for establishing whether
or not there is proximity between the claimant and the defendant from a legal
standpoint. To this end, the various aspects of proximity (physical,
circumstantial and causal) are _factors_ that are to be taken into account as
the Court considers whether, in any given case, there has been both reasonable
reliance and voluntary assumption of responsibility – all viewed from a
holistic and integrated perspective. It might, however, be argued that –
situations of negligent misrepresentation apart – in many situations, there
might not be _actual or factual_ reliance and/or assumption of responsibility
as such. It is submitted that this is too narrow an approach to take,
especially having regard to the fact that the concept of proximity itself is
(as we have argued) not merely factual but is, rather, _legal_ in nature. In
other words, there will be situations where, notwithstanding the absence of
actual reliance and/or assumption of responsibility, the court concerned will
nevertheless hold that there ought, _in law_ , to be found reliance as well as
assumption of responsibility on the basis of what, respectively, a reasonable
claimant and a reasonable defendant ought to contemplate in the specific
category of case as well as the specific facts present, with broader policy
factors also coming possibly into play at the second stage of the inquiry in
accordance with the “two stage test” in _Anns_ which we of course support. Our
proposal does not, of course, do away with all the uncertainties. However, it
does furnish us with a more concrete and practical way forward. More
importantly, it infuses content into what would otherwise be an empty concept,
the emptiness of which would serve to obfuscate rather than enlighten judges,
lawyers and students in this already rather confused (and confusing) area of
tort law. [emphasis in original]

64**** The suggestions above notwithstanding, the law relating to liability in
negligence for pure economic loss continues to be at least somewhat shrouded
in uncertainty, as evidenced by the extremely recent House of Lords decision
of _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2006] 3 WLR 1 (“
_Customs and Excise Commissioners_ ”). As this decision represents the latest
position in England at the time of writing and is rendered by the highest
appellate court in that jurisdiction, I turn now to consider it briefly.

_Continued confusion in England_

65 The House of Lords decision in _Customs and Excise Commissioners_ not only
confirms – but actually underscores – the numerous difficulties canvassed
above and the consequent need for a more coherent approach by the courts.

66 The issue raised in this case was a straightforward one: Whether a bank,
notified by a third party of a freezing injunction granted to it (the third
party) against one of the bank’s customers (and affecting an account held by
that customer with the bank), owes a duty of care to the third party to take
reasonable care to comply with the terms of the injunction. The House decided,
unanimously, that no duty of care existed under such circumstances – not least
because it could not be said that the relationship between the bank and the
third party involved any notion of assumption of responsibility but was (on
the contrary) an adverse one in which the bank had no choice but to comply
with the (non-consensual) court order concerned. However, the actual views
expressed _vis-à-vis_ liability in negligence for pure economic loss were not,
with respect, particularly enlightening.

67 To understand the backdrop to the views expressed in the House, it should
be noted that the _Court of Appeal_ in the same case held that there were
_three tests_ that existed _and_ which had _all_ to be utilised. In the words
of Longmore LJ in _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_
[2005] 1 WLR 2082 at [23]:

The modern law of negligence derives primarily from four decisions of the
House of Lords: _Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605, _Henderson
v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145, _White v Jones_ [1995] 2 AC 207 and
_Phelps v Hillingdon London Borough Council_ [2001] 2 AC 619. _Caparo_ laid
down the threefold test of foreseeability, proximity and fairness and
emphasised the desirability of incremental development: see in particular Lord
Bridge of Harwich at pp 617–618. _Henderson_ and _White_ both emphasised the
concept of assumption of responsibility in cases where the negligent
performance of services had caused economic loss. In the light of these
authorities this court has held (see _Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (Overseas) Ltd v Price Waterhouse_ [1998] BCC 617) that an
appropriate course for ascertaining whether there is a duty of care, at least
in an economic loss case, is to look at any new set of facts _by using each of
the three approaches in turn, viz, the threefold test, the voluntary
assumption of responsibility test and the incremental test —_ “if the facts
are properly analysed and the policy considerations are correctly evaluated
the several approaches will yield the same result”: per Sir Brian Neill, at p
634. [emphasis added]

Peter Gibson LJ endorsed the above approach which he viewed (at [57]) as
constituting a “pragmatic suggestion”.

68 Lindsay LJ also emphasised the importance of treating the assumption of
responsibility test as an _independent_ one, as follows (_id_ at [51]):

But the expression “assumption of responsibility” is a useful reminder that an
express or implied disavowal of such an assumption is always likely to be
material and could often be conclusive. For these reasons I would not wish
“assumption of responsibility” to be merely subsumed within other tests as to
a “duty of care” or to be abandoned as a separate head of inquiry.

69  With respect, the approach adopted by the Court of Appeal as briefly set
out above is both conceptually as well as practically confusing. Only the
“three part test” (characterised as a “threefold test”) is, in my view, a
clearly acknowledged one.

70 The “assumption of responsibility” test is, with respect and contrary to
what Lindsay LJ stated in the preceding paragraph, _not_ really a substantive
test in its own right. It is _one_ (albeit an important) _criterion_ for
ascertaining whether or not _legal proximity_ has been established. Indeed,
its “mirror image” is – more often than not – that of _reasonable reliance_. I
have, in fact, already elaborated upon these criteria for legal proximity in
more detail above (see generally at [63]). The test based on incremental
development (embodied, most notably perhaps, in Deane J’s statement of
principle in _Heyman_ quoted at [59] above) is also _not_ a substantive test
in its own right. It is a _methodological aid_ that emphasises the fact that
ascertaining whether there has been legal proximity is an inquiry that is
inextricably connected with the particular factual matrix of the case at hand
as well as with analogical comparison with the factual matrices in previous
cases.

71 In so far as the concept of assumption of responsibility is concerned, the
view expressed in the preceding paragraph is, in fact, supported by the
approach of Lord Bingham of Cornhill in the same case at the House of Lords
stage, where the learned law lord observed ([64] _supra_ at [4]) that “it is
correct to regard an assumption of responsibility as _a sufficient but not
necessary condition_ of liability” [emphasis added] (in this regard, reference
should also be made to the observations of Lord Mance, especially at [87], and
of Lord Rodger of Earlsferry at [52], whose observations (at [65]) also
support the view proffered in this judgment to the effect that the concepts of
voluntary assumption of responsibility and of reasonable reliance are, more
often than not, “mirror images” of each other).

72 In so far as the concept of incremental development is concerned, Lord
Bingham of Cornhill also observed ([64] _supra_ at [7]) that “the _incremental
test_ is _of little value as a test in itself, and is only helpful when used
in combination with a test or principle_ which identifies the legally
significant features of a situation” [emphasis added]. Lord Mance, on the
other hand, viewed the concept of incremental development as furnishing the
concrete particularity that would mitigate the otherwise high level of
abstraction that would otherwise operate (see _id_ at [83]–[84]). All this in
fact buttresses the observations I made above (at [70]) to the effect that
this particular concept is a _methodological aid_.

73 If the analysis proffered in the preceding paragraphs is correct, then it
is not inaccurate to state that all three “criteria” mentioned by the English
Court of Appeal in _Customs and Excise Comissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ ([67]
_supra_) ought to be applied simultaneously – albeit not for the reasons set
out by the court itself. Indeed, had there truly been three disparate legal
_tests_ , they could – contrary to the view expressed by the court in the case
just mentioned (at [67] above) – conceivably engender different results
(although overlaps are obviously possible; see also Paul Mitchell & Charles
Mitchell, “Negligence Liability for Pure Economic Loss” (2005) 121 LQR 194
(“Mitchell & Mitchell”) at p 198). Indeed, if all three tests would, on the
other hand, give rise to the _same_ result, one can only wonder why there was
even a need for these three _separate and distinct_ tests in the first
instance (see also Mitchell & Mitchell, _supra_ at p 197). They ought, in
logic and principle, then, to be stated as _one_ test – to avoid confusion, if
nothing else. Even if it is insisted that such an approach does not make any
_practical_ difference, there remains, as just mentioned, the very real danger
of terminological confusion – which confusion can itself give rise to
undesirable (and _substantive_) consequences. In any event, the law in general
and in this area in particular is already sufficiently technical. Conceptual,
definitional as well as practical “streamlining” ought to be the order of the
day – not the opposite.

74 With the greatest respect, the approach adopted by the English Court of
Appeal in _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ ([67]
_supra_) is both confused and confusing – a view that is, in fact, supported
by a recent Singapore Court of Appeal decision (see [93] below). Not
surprisingly, it has also been the subject of rather trenchant comment (see
generally Mitchell & Mitchell ([73] _supra_)). Indeed, Lord Bingham of
Cornhill did in fact refer to the comment just referred to ([64] _supra_ at
[4]). Unfortunately, however, _no definitive view_ was expressed with regard
to this particular proposition as to whether or not the three “tests”
mentioned by the Court of Appeal were all substantive _tests_ in their own
right and were _all_ to be applied in any given case. Indeed, the general
position adopted by the House itself is, with respect, none too clear (see
also Steven Gee, “The Remedies Carried by a Freezing Injunction” (2006) 122
LQR 535, especially at p 536, which is a comment on the House of Lords
decision and which came to my notice after an initial draft of this judgment
had been prepared).

75 Lord Bingham of Cornhill, for example, stated that he intended “no
discourtesy to counsel in declining to embark on yet another exegesis of [the]
well-known texts” contained in the leading authorities which, whilst yielding
“many valuable insights”, nevertheless also contained “statements which cannot
readily be reconciled” ([64] _supra_ at [4]). Lord Rodger of Earlsferry
appeared to opt for the “three part test” – at least in so far as novel
situations are concerned (see _id_ at [53]). Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe also
appeared to favour the “three part test” as enunciated in _Caparo_ , although
he admitted (_id_ at [71]) that that test “does not provide an easy answer to
all our problems, but only a set of fairly blunt tools”; nevertheless he
thought that that was “to [his] mind progress of a sort” (see _id_). Lord
Mance also appeared to favour the “three part test”, albeit more in the
context of _application_ as opposed to doctrinal exposition (see, especially,
_id_ at [99]–[100]).

76 Further, Lord Hoffmann echoed the views expressed in _Caparo_ (see [57]
above) in the following words ([64] _supra_ at [35]):

There is a tendency, which has been remarked upon by many judges, for phrases
like “proximate”, “fair, just and reasonable” and “assumption of
responsibility” to be used as _slogans rather than practical guides_ to
whether a duty should exist or not. These phrases are often illuminating but
discrimination is needed to identify the factual situations in which they
provide useful guidance. [emphasis added]

77 However, it is imperative that there be, in the final analysis, a just and
fair result. This is echoed in the following words of Lord Bingham ([64]
_supra_ at [8]):

[I]t seems to me that the outcomes (or majority outcomes) of the leading cases
cited above are in every or almost every instance _sensible and just,
irrespective of the test applied to achieve that outcome._ This is not to
disparage the value of and need for a test of liability in tortious
negligence, which any law of tort must propound if it is not to become a
morass of single instances. But it does in my opinion concentrate attention on
the detailed circumstances of the particular case and the particular
relationship between the parties in the context of their legal and factual
situation as a whole. [emphasis added]

78 The above observations are also instructive inasmuch as they emphasise
that, regardless of the test ultimately utilised by the court, the precise
factual context is of the utmost importance. As we have seen above (especially
at [59]–[63]), this is particularly significant in so far as the ascertainment
of whether or not there has been the requisite legal proximity is concerned.

79**** It can thus be seen that the position in England, _even at the present_
, continues to be in a state of flux and confusion. It is, with respect,
therefore unhelpful to Singapore courts. The Singapore courts are, at the very
least, free to adopt a test which is most logical and principled.

_The Singapore position_

80 What, then, is the position in Singapore? The leading decisions are those
of the Court of Appeal in _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front
Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 113 (“ _Ocean Front_ ”) and _RSP Architects Planners &
Engineers (Raglan Squire & Partners FE) v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449 (“ _Eastern Lagoon_ ”).

81 Both the cases mentioned in the preceding paragraph involved claims for
pure economic losses in the context of real property in general and defective
buildings in particular.

82 In _Ocean Front_ , the court first considered whether there was (on the
facts of the case) sufficient proximity between the parties, which would (in
turn) give rise to a duty of care. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of
the court, observed thus (at 139, [69]):

But the approach of the court has been to examine a particular circumstance to
determine whether there exists that degree of _proximity_ between the
plaintiff and the defendant as would give rise to a duty of care by the latter
to the former with respect to the damage sustained by the former. _Such
proximity is the “determinant” of the duty of care and also the scope of such
duty._ [emphasis added]

83 The court then proceeded “to consider whether there is _any policy
consideration in negativing such [a] duty of care_ ” (at 142, [75]; emphasis
added). Such an approach is, in substance and effect, the adoption of the “two
stage test” in _Anns_ , although it is acknowledged that it would cease to be
so if the first limb in the “two stage test” referred merely to _factual_ (as
opposed to _legal_) _proximity_ , as Thean JA was clearly referring to the
_latter_ in the quotation in the preceding paragraph. However, as I have
already pointed out above (at [46]), the first limb in the “two stage test”
must necessarily refer to a _legal_ conception of proximity. It therefore
follows that the approach adopted in _Ocean Front_ was, in substance and
effect, the “two stage test” enunciated by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ (and see
[54] above).

84 In _Eastern Lagoon_ , however, the court appeared to expressly reject the
“two stage test” in _Anns_. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, observed thus (at [18]):

It seems to us that what is objectionable in that passage [containing Lord
Wilbeforce’s test in _Anns case_] is firstly his Lordship’s sweeping
proposition of a single general rule or principle which can be applied in
every situation to determine whether a duty of care arises and secondly the
fact that the test propounded by his Lordship in the first stage was based on
foreseeability of damage alone.

85 Significantly, in my view, Thean JA had also delivered the judgment of the
court in the earlier decision of _Ocean Front_. As the learned judge did not
either modify or comment adversely on his previous judgment in _Ocean Front_ ,
it must be assumed that the approach adopted in that case is still good law.
However, we have already seen (at [83] above) that the approach adopted in
_Ocean Front_ was, in substance and effect, the _same_ as the “two stage test”
laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_. It is therefore rather curious that
in _Eastern Lagoon_ itself, Thean JA, after reviewing the decision in _Ocean
Front_ itself, proceeded to observe thus ([80] _supra_ at [29]–[30]):

It is abundantly clear that in _Ocean Front_ this court did _not_ follow the
broad proposition laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_. True, the court
reached its conclusion by _a two-stage process_. _In principle, there is no
objection to such approach_. It depends on what is involved and considered in
each stage. The court certainly did not apply the first test in _Anns_. The
court’s finding that there was sufficient degree of proximity giving rise to a
duty on the part of the developers to avoid the loss sustained by the
management corporation was not premised on foreseeability of damage alone, but
on the consideration of other relevant facts. Nor did the court accept Lord
Wilberforce’s proposition that in any given situation, a single general rule
or principle can be applied to determine whether a duty of care arises.

It does not follow from the mere fact that the court in the course of their
determination examined the facts by the _two-stage process_ that the court in
effect followed _Anns_.

[emphasis added]

86 The learned judge then proceeded to observe as follows (_id_ at [31]):

Stripped of the verbiage, the crux of such approach [_ie_ , the “two-stage
process” referred to in the preceding paragraph] is no more than this: the
court first examines and considers the facts and factors to determine whether
there is _sufficient degree of proximity_ in the relationship between the
party who has sustained the loss and the party who is said to have caused the
loss which would give rise to a duty of care on the part of the latter to
avoid the kind of loss sustained by the former. … _Next_ , having found such
degree of proximity, the court next considers whether there is _any material
factor or policy which precludes such duty from arising_. [emphasis added]

87 Hence, the position in _Singapore_ now appears to be embodied in neither
the “two stage test” nor the “three part test” but, rather, a _new test
altogether_ – the “ _two-stage process_ ”. Both _Ocean Front_ and _Eastern
Lagoon_ , being decisions of the Court of Appeal, are of course binding on me.
With respect, however, it seems to me that the new “two-stage process” is, in
substance and effect, _the same as the “two stage test” laid down by Lord
Wilberforce_ in _Anns_. Further, substance ought to prevail over form. This is
especially needful in an area of the law which is already (by virtue of both
its inherent nature as well as the unnecessarily complex manner in which the
law has hitherto developed) already rather confused and confusing. Indeed, an
even cursory perusal of the formulation with respect to the “two-stage
process” set out in the quotation in the preceding paragraph – together with a
comparison with the “two stage test” (set out at [45] above) – will confirm
that the tests are, in substance and effect, the _same_. If so, then, in the
famous words of William Shakespeare in _Romeo and Juliet_ (Act 2, Scene 2)
(also quoted in the Singapore High Court decision of _Chua Kwee Chen, Lim Kah
Nee and Lim Chah In (as Westlake Eating House) v Koh Choon Chin_ [2006] 3 SLR
469 at [20]):

What’s in a name? That which we call a rose / By any other name would smell as
sweet.

88 If, as I have just pointed out, the “two stage test” and the “two-stage
process” are, in substance and effect, the same, then the present Singapore
position, as laid down in both _Ocean Front_ and _Eastern Lagoon_ , is
consistent with that which I have advocated in the present judgment – which is
a return to the “two stage test” laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ (set
out at [45] above). It does not matter, in my view, which _label_ is used, in
the final analysis, so long as the _substance_ of the test is clear. Hence, I
gratefully adopt the rubric of “two-stage process” laid down by the Singapore
Court of Appeal in _Eastern Lagoon_ , as indeed I must – as a matter of
binding precedent, if nothing else. It is, nevertheless, hoped that should an
appropriate opportunity arise, the Singapore Court of Appeal will clarify the
_terminology_ that ought to be used.

89 It is also significant to note that in a subsequent Singapore Court of
Appeal decision, _Man B &W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd v_ _PT Bumi International
Tankers_ [2004] 2 SLR 300 (“ _Man B &W Diesel_”), it was pointed out (at [29])
that:

[_Ocean Front_] _preferred_ the approach taken by the House of Lords in _Anns_
rather than in [_Murphy v Brentwood District Council_ [1991] 1 AC 398] and
also by the courts in Australia and Canada. _It basically adopted the two-step
test advanced by Lord Wilberforce_ in _Anns_. [emphasis added]

90 The above observations support, in fact, the interpretation of _Ocean
Front_ proffered in the present judgment; although the “two _stage_ test” laid
down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ is referred to as a “two-_step_ test”
instead, this is, once again, an issue of terminology rather than substance.
Indeed, the court in _Man B &W Diesel_ was not unaware of the controversy
surrounding the “two stage test” in _Anns_ , although it “diplomatically”
referred (at [45]) to this particular test as having “been qualified”.

91 I should point out, at this juncture, however, that there has been yet
another Singapore Court of Appeal decision which is also relevant. In _United
Project Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn (trading as Leong Kwok Onn & Co)_
[2005] 4 SLR 214 (“ _United Project Consultants_ ”), Yong Pung How CJ, who
delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at [27]):

In determining whether to impose a duty of care in cases such as the present,
where the remedy sought is damages for “pure economic loss”, the courts have
consistently adopted a more restrictive approach. This in turn must be
contrasted to judicial attitudes towards claims in negligence resulting in
damage to the person or property …

92 This is, of course, a succinct statement of the basic problem of line-
drawing that is the main difficulty where liability in negligence for pure
economic loss is concerned; in contrast, there is no such difficulty where
_physical damage_ is concerned simply because there is, in such a situation,
_ex hypothesi_ , a limit to the amount of damages that can be claimed (see
also the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _The Sunrise Crane_ [2004] 4
SLR 715 at [36] as well as _Customs and Excise Commissioners_ ([64] _supra_ at
[31], _per_ Lord Hoffmann)).

93 Yong CJ then proceeded, in this particular case, to acknowledge (at [27])
that “despite the best efforts by many a distinguished judge to identify the
requisite elements to establish a duty of care in such cases, the authorities
appear to be in a state of confusion”. The learned Chief Justice also referred
to the _then English_ position as embodied, _inter alia_ , within the _English
Court of Appeal_ decision of _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank
plc_ ([67] _supra_) – a position which I have argued above (at [69]–[74]) to
be confused and confusing, and which has not (unfortunately) been clarified
(one way or the other) by the House of Lords on appeal (see generally above at
[75]–[76]). In a similar vein, the court in _United Project Consultants_ also
acknowledged “the _apparent uncertainty_ emanating from the _UK_ courts” and
how, in contrast, “the _local_ approach is _comparatively settled_ ” ([91]
_supra_ at [34]; emphasis added). Indeed, Yong CJ proceeded to _reject_ the
approach adopted by the English Court of Appeal in the following words (at
[33]):

[W]e found ourselves unable to agree with this state of affairs. The laws of
any country must be sufficiently clear and capable of guiding parties in the
regulation of their affairs. While a measure of uncertainty will always be
present, for that is the consequence of any jurisdiction that founds its laws
upon previously decided cases, it would be undesirable for a court to refrain
from coming down in favour of any particular test when faced with various
alternative approaches: see also Paul Mitchell & Charles Mitchell (“Negligence
Liability for Pure Economic Loss”) (2005) 121 LQR 194.

94 Yong CJ then proceeded to apply (_id_ at [35] and [38]) what is, _in
substance and effect_ , the “two stage test” enunciated by Lord Wilberforce in
_Anns_ , having earlier referred to _Eastern Lagoon_ (at [34]). However, he
then proceeded to observe thus (at [36]):

We should also hasten to add, for the avoidance of doubt, that our restatement
of the principle in _RSP Architects_ should not be construed as reverting to
the two-stage test in _Anns v Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728.
While the two-stage test propounded by Lord Wilberforce sought to focus
entirely on foreseeability as the sole requirement of the first limb, the
“proximity” requirement as understood in _RSP Architects_ purports to
encompass more than just the element of foreseeability. Other factors that
would go towards the establishment of a duty of care would include the
reliance placed upon the defendant’s professed skill, the defendant’s
assumption of duty and the exact relationship between the parties. However, we
do not wish to set down a closed list of factors which a court must consider
as each case will inevitably present a multitude of different factors.

95  With respect, however, and having regard to my analysis in an earlier part
of this judgment (at [46]), the first limb of the “two stage test” in _Anns_
was _not_ referring _merely_ to “ _factual_ foreseeability” as such but,
rather, to “ _legal proximity_ ” instead. Looked at in this light, there is,
in _substance and effect_ , _no difference_ between the “two stage test” in
_Anns_ and the “two-stage process” laid down in _Eastern Lagoon_.

96 What was helpful, however, was Yong CJ’s further observation ([91] _supra_
at [37]) that so-called “labels” are not merely “empty legal vessels” but do
indeed comprise “crucial indicators that a court must look for in order to
satisfy itself that there exist circumstances which justify the imposition of
a duty of care” (_cf_ also _per_ Lord Hoffmann in _Commissioners for Customs
and Excise_ (at [76] above)).

97 What was also helpful was the learned Chief Justice’s apparent endorsement
of the proposition proffered above (at [63]) to the effect that the concepts
of voluntary assumption of responsibility and reasonable reliance are, more
often than not, “mirror images” of each other (see [91] _supra_ , especially
at [28] and [31]).

98 In the final analysis, therefore, this particular case does not, with
respect, adopt a position that is any different from that adopted by the same
court in _Eastern Lagoon_ (see, especially, at [95] above). This brings us
back, in effect, to the issue of _nomenclature or labels_. As I have already
emphasised, the focus ought, at bottom, to be on the _substance_ , rather than
the form (see [87] above).

99 _However_ , it should also be pointed out that, _in addition to_ the _“two-
stage process”_ , the “ _three part test_ ” enunciated in _Caparo_ (see [50]
above) has also been endorsed in the Singapore context: see, for example,
_Ikumene Singapore Pte Ltd v Leong Chee Leng_ [1993] 3 SLR 24; _Standard
Chartered Bank v Coopers & Lybrand_ [1993] 3 SLR 712; _Pang Koi Fa v Lim Djoe
Phing_ [1993] 3 SLR 317; _Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR
505; _D v Kong Sim Guan_ [2003] 3 SLR 146; _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea
Heidi_ [2004] 3 SLR 543; and _The Sunrise Crane_ ([92] _supra_). Yet, as I
have pointed out above, there is, in substance and effect, _no difference_
between the “three part test” on the one hand and the “two stage test” on the
other. I will not re-traverse my arguments (at [52]–[55] above), save to
observe (once again) that should an appropriate opportunity arise, it is hoped
that the Singapore Court of Appeal will clarify the relationship between the
two tests just mentioned. Indeed, as I have already argued, it would conduce
towards clarity if the “three part test” was no longer utilised since it is
already embodied within the “two stage test” (or “two-stage process”, as the
case may be), with the extra (first) element in the “three part test” being
(as I have argued above at [55]) redundant or otiose.

100 To _summarise_ , the following appears to be the position in the
_Singapore_ context with respect to liability in negligence for pure economic
loss (for the sake of clarity, my comments and suggestions, which do not
represent the present law but which (for the avoidance of doubt) are not
inconsistent with it are rendered in bold font):

(a) The test to be applied is the “ _two-stage process_ ”, comprising the need
(in order to establish that a duty of care exists) to prove, first, the
existence of (legal) _proximity_ between the parties and, secondly, that there
is no material factor or _policy_ which prevents such a duty of care from
otherwise arising (see, in particular, [85]–[87] above).

(b) **The “two-stage process” is, in substance and effect,_one and_ the
_same_** **as the “two stage test” enunciated by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ ,
despite express statements to the contrary (see generally [87] above).**

(c) There is, however, also authority which suggests that the “three part
test” is also relevant (see [99] above).

(d) **However, the “three part test” is, in substance and effect, the _same_
as the “two stage test” enunciated by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ (see
[52]–[55] above). As this is the case, the present legal position in the
Singapore** **context is governed by (a) above, subject to the comments in (b)
above.**

(e) **In so far as the _application_ of the concept (or, rather, test) of
_proximity_** **is concerned, whilst the court’s findings will be dependent
very much on the precise facts concerned, useful concepts that will aid in
this particular process include the _voluntary assumption of responsibility_
and _reasonable reliance_ , both of which are in fact _complementary_**
**concepts (see [63] above).**

101 However, as we shall see in a moment, _regardless_ of the precise test
applied to the facts of the present proceedings, the _result_ would be the
_same_.

**_The application of the legal principles to the facts in the present
proceedings_**

_Introduction_

102 As I mentioned in the preceding paragraph, it does not matter which test
is applied as the result in the present proceedings would be the same. In
order to simplify the process of applying the legal principles to the facts in
the present proceedings, it might be best to begin by distilling the _common
principles_ that _underlie_ _all_ _the tests._ Consistent with the analysis in
the preceding section, these _common principles_ are best represented in the
following diagrammatic format:

**TESTS** |  **ELEMENTS (AND WHETHER REQUIRED)**  
---|---  
**Reasonable Foreseeability** **(Factual)** |  **Proximity** **(Legal)** |  **Policy** **Considerations**  
**“Two Stage Test”** |  Yes, but assumed as a pre-requisite, and not formally included as part of this particular test. |  Yes |  Yes  
**“Three Part Test”** |  Yes |  Yes |  Yes, but under the rubric of “fair, just and reasonable”.  
**“Two-Stage Process”** |  Yes, but assumed as a pre-requisite, and not formally included as part of this particular test. |  Yes |  Yes  
  
103 It will be seen, therefore, that the following common principles (in what
I have suggested constitute interchangeable terminology) are:

(a) Reasonable foreseeability (factual);

(b) Proximity (legal);

(c) Policy considerations (_or_ whether it is “just and reasonable” to impose
a duty of care).

104 Indeed, as depicted in the diagram (at [102] above), the “three part test”
would, in effect, entail the application of (a), (b) and (c) above, whilst
both the “two-stage process” as well as the “two stage test” (_both_ these
last-mentioned tests of which I have suggested are, in substance and effect,
the _same_) would a _lso_ entail the application of (a), (b) and (c),
_although (a)_ is _not a formal part of the legal formulation of either of
these two last-mentioned tests as such_. Indeed, I have also suggested in an
earlier part of this judgment that, but for the inclusion of (a) as a formal
part of the legal formulation in the “three part test”, _that_ test is
otherwise the _same_ (in substance and effect) as the “two-stage process” as
well as the “two stage test”.

105 I turn, now to consider each of these principles (_viz_ , (a), (b) and (c)
at [103] above) as they apply to the facts of the present proceedings.

_Reasonable foreseeability_

106 __ It is clear that the damage or loss to the plaintiff was in fact
foreseeable if the defendant failed to take reasonable care in fulfilling his
duties set out in the Deed.

107 It bears repeating that the requirement of factual foreseeability is an
easy one to satisfy. To this end, therefore, there need to be other legal
control mechanisms to ensure that the “floodgates” of liability are not
released. These mechanisms (to be considered below) include the concepts of
(legal) proximity as well as the requirement that it be “just and reasonable”
that a duty of care be imposed on the defendant. Other mechanisms – from the
standpoint of remedies – include the concepts of remoteness of damage
(pursuant to the leading (Privy Council) authority of _The Wagon Mound_ [1961]
AC 388) as well as mitigation of damage.

_Proximity_

108 As we have seen, this particular concept is problematic. From a
_practical_ perspective, it is desirable to have regard to two specific
criteria or requirements. To recapitulate, these are the requirements of the
voluntary assumption of responsibility and reasonable reliance, respectively.
As we have also seen, these two requirements can – and ought to – be
correlated with each other. I have already elaborated on the correlation above
(especially at [63]) and will therefore not repeat my propositions here. On a
_practical_ level, however, the facts of the present proceedings confirm such
correlation. More importantly, both requirements – which are closely related
to each other – are satisfied on these facts.

109 Turning, first, to the criterion of the _voluntary assumption of
responsibility_ , one could not have a clearer example of the satisfaction of
this requirement than that which exists in the present case. Indeed, the
assumption of responsibility by the plaintiff is not only voluntary – it is
_contractual_. A _contractual relationship_ is, _ex hypothesi_ , even closer
than those which are “near-contract” situations – the classic recent example
of the latter of which is to be found in the House of Lords decision of
_Junior Books Ltd v Veitchi Co Ltd_ [1983] AC 520 (“ _Junior Books_ ”).
Indeed, _Junior Books_ , much maligned in the English context, has in fact
found a new lease of life, so to speak, in the _Singapore_ context: see the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Man B &W Diesel_. Significantly,
although the Court of Appeal reversed the High Court decision (reported in
[2003] 3 SLR 239), this difference in the actual result was due to a
difference in _application_ as opposed to principle – for the High Court, too,
endorsed _Junior Books_.

110 Somewhat curiously, however, Mr Lai sought to argue that _Man B &W Diesel_
supported _the defendant’s_ case. Indeed, he argued that it was “on all fours”
with the present proceedings in so far as the facts were concerned.

111 In _Man B &W Diesel_ itself, the plaintiff, PT Bumi International Tankers
(“Bumi”), was the owner of an oil tanker (“the vessel”), which Malaysian
Shipyard and Engineering Sdn Bhd (“MSE”) had agreed to build (this contract
between Bumi and MSE will hereafter be referred to as “the main contract”).

112 MSE, in turn, had entered into a contract with the first defendant, Man
B&W Diesel SE Asia Pte Ltd (“MBS”), for MBS to supply the ship’s main engine
(“the sub-contract”). The engine was to be subsequently manufactured by MBS’s
parent company in the UK (and the second defendant in this particular case),
Mirrlees Blackstone Ltd (“MBUK”). It is important to note, therefore, that
there was no direct contractual relationship as such between either MBS or
MBUK on the one hand and Bumi on the other for the manufacture/design and
supply of the ship’s engine. It is also important to note that the main
contract (between Bumi and MSE) contained a limited warranty in respect of the
vessel (for example, a warranty limited to defects discovered and notified
within 12 months of delivery of the vessel and to the cost of
repairing/replacing those defects only) as well as several exception clauses
which expressly excluded or limited MSE’s liability (and that of its sub-
contractors) to Bumi. In particular, cll 17.1 and 22 are pertinent, and are
set out below for ease of reference:

17.1 _BUILDER_ [_ie_ , MSE] _shall be fully responsible for_ any part of work
performed or to be performed by _his sub-contractors and for the acts and
omissions of his sub-contractors_ and persons either directly or indirectly
employed by them to the same extent as he is for the acts and omissions of
persons directly employed by him.

…

22\. BUILDER states that he and his sub-contractors are fully experienced and
properly qualified to perform the class of construction of the VESSEL provided
for herein … BUILDER shall act as an _independent builder_ in performing the
construction of the VESSEL, maintaining complete control over its employees
and all of its sub-contractors. _Nothing contained in this CONTRACT or any
sub-contract awarded by BUILDER shall create any contractual relationship
between any such sub-contractor and OWNER_ [_ie_ , Bumi] …

[emphasis added]

113 Within a few weeks of the vessel’s delivery, however, the engine started
to give trouble and the problems persisted. The engine eventually broke down
completely some 33 months thereafter and the vessel had been out of operation
since. As a result, Bumi was unable to fulfil its obligations under a long-
term charter which it had entered into with an Indonesian oil company.

114 Consequently, Bumi brought an action in tort against both MBS and MBUK to
recover what was essentially pure economic loss (this included the loss of
hire arising from the failed charter as well as the cost of a new engine).
Bumi was unable to pursue a direct claim against MSE because such an action
would, by then, have been time-barred. One of the main issues which the courts
at first instance and on appeal had to consider was whether MBS and/or MBUK
owed Bumi a duty of care in tort.

115 Contrary to the decision of the High Court, the Court of Appeal held that
no duty of care had been established on the facts and, on that basis, did not
find it necessary to decide whether or not the duty of care ought in the
context of pure economic loss to be extended to chattels as well. In the
circumstances, the court also did not have to decide whether there had been a
breach of duty and, if so, the quantum of damages that ought to be awarded
and, hence, dismissed the appeal brought by Bumi in respect of the damages
awarded to it at first instance.

116 In arriving at its decision that no duty of care had been established on
the facts, the Court of Appeal held that the contractual arrangements between
Bumi and MSE under the main contract clearly demonstrated that Bumi had
decided to look _only_ to _MSE_ for legal redress for any defect that might
arise in respect of the vessel. This was despite the fact that MBS and MBUK
had supplied the engine. Further, Bumi had _deliberately_ chosen not to enter
into a direct contractual relationship with either MBS or MBUK. In the
circumstances, therefore, neither MBS nor MBUK owed Bumi a duty of care in
tort.

117 It is immediately apparent from this brief exposition that the facts as
well as reasoning in _Man B &W Diesel_ could not be more different from those
in the present proceedings. Most importantly, whilst there was _no contractual
relationship_ between the relevant parties in _Man B &W Diesel_, there was
clearly a contractual relationship between the parties in the present
proceedings as evidenced by, and embodied in, the Deed.

118 The salient contractual provisions in _Man B &W Diesel_ (some of which
were reproduced above at [112]) were also clear inasmuch as the plaintiff in
that case had undertaken that it would look, in the event that it suffered
damage or loss as a result of conduct on the part of the defendant sub-
contractors, to the _main contractor_ instead. This was significant and served
– correctly, in my view – to _negate_ the existence of any duty of care owed
by the defendants toward the plaintiff. Once again, the situation in the
_present_ proceedings is _quite different_. Indeed, the situation in the
present proceedings is an _a fortiori_ one compared to that which existed in
_Junior Books_ , which concerned a “near contract relationship” instead. As
already alluded to above, the Court of Appeal in _Man B &W Diesel_ did not in
fact resile from _Junior Books_. However, unlike the court below, the Court of
Appeal was of the view that, on the _facts_ in _Man B &W Diesel_, the legal
principles laid down in _Junior Books_ did not apply.

119 Turning now to the issue of _reasonable reliance_ in the present
proceedings, it is equally clear that the plaintiff did in fact rely on the
defendant – again, pursuant to the terms of the Deed.

120 Indeed, there is no difficulty whatsoever in establishing legal proximity
between the plaintiff and the defendant in the present proceedings simply
because there was _a contractual relationship_ between them in the first
instance. Generally speaking, given the fact that a defendant will not be
allowed to be better off in tort than it would have been in contract where
concurrent liability exists, it is no surprise that – depending on the precise
contractual terms – it is more likely than not that legal proximity will be
established where there is a contractual relationship between the parties
concerned.

_Policy considerations_

121 There are clearly no policy considerations which militate against the
imposition of a duty of care on the defendant in the present proceedings. Once
again, the defendant voluntarily entered into a contractual relationship with
the plaintiff. The resultant contractual relationship, it will be recalled, is
embodied within the Deed. In the circumstances, it is, therefore, only “just
and reasonable” that a duty of care be owed by the defendant to the plaintiff.

_Conclusion on the issue of the duty of care_

122 This is a relatively easy case on the facts. The principal factor is the
contractual relationship between the parties as embodied within the Deed. More
importantly, all the main elements that are required in order to establish a
duty of care owed by the defendant to the plaintiff have been clearly
established on the facts of the instant case.

123 I turn now to consider whether or not the duty of care owed by the
defendant to the plaintiff in the present proceedings has been breached.

_Has there been a breach of the duty of care?_

124 __ Many of the arguments proffered by the parties in the present
proceedings centred on whether or not a duty of care _existed_. This was
especially the case in so far as the defendant was concerned. However, having
found that a duty of care did indeed exist, a _breach_ of that duty of care
still needs to be established by the plaintiff.

125 It is clear, on the facts, that the duty of care had been breached by the
defendant. It is telling that, throughout the present proceedings, the
defendant (as already noted above) was at pains to argue that he owed the
plaintiff only _very limited_ duties under the Deed – in both the contractual
as well as the tortious spheres. This strongly suggests that the defendant did
not in fact fulfill any duties beyond these more limited duties. On the other
hand, the duties which the plaintiff rightfully claimed the defendant owed it
included (as the terms of the Deed themselves indicate) a duty to supervise
the main contractor and ensure that it completed the project properly and on
time. Indeed, the _available evidence_ indicates clearly that the defendant
did not fulfill these duties. As I have dealt with such evidence in relation
to the defendant’s breach of the terms of the Deed above, I will not re-
traverse such ground here.

_Has the breach of the duty of care resulted in damage or loss?_

126 Having established a duty of care on the part of the defendant and a
breach thereof, it is textbook law that the plaintiff also has to prove that
damage or loss has resulted from such a breach. I will deal with this below
(under the Part entitled “The quantum of damages awardable”). Before
proceeding to do so, however, I need to consider an argument from limitation
which was raised by the defendant.

The argument from limitation

**_The defendant’s arguments_**

127**** Apart from taking issue with the substantive constitutive elements of
the plaintiff’s causes of action, the defendant also argued that the
plaintiff’s action was time-barred. In particular, Mr Lai argued that time
began to run from the _contractual date of completion_ (_viz_ , 20 August
1997), and that (consequently) the plaintiff’s claim was (presumably, by
virtue of s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)) time-barred on 20
August 2003 (whereas the plaintiff’s writ was filed only on 13 May 2004). He
also argued that the cases relied upon by the plaintiff were unhelpful as they
did not deal with the rather unusual situation that existed in the context of
the present proceedings. He further relied on various decisions, including the
Singapore High Court decision of _People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd v
Akitek Tenggara_ [1993] 1 SLR 704. Interestingly, and parenthetically, the
position in England would have been quite different: Under s 8 of the UK
Limitation Act 1980 (c 58), the limitation period for a claim arising under a
contract under seal (_viz_ , a _deed_) is 12 years from the date on which the
cause of action accrued. However, there is no equivalent of that provision in
the Singapore context. The relevant provision in the Limitation Act for
present purposes was s 6(1)(_a_), which provides as follows:

Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after the
expiration of 6 years _from the date on which the cause of action accrued_ :

(_a_) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

….

[emphasis added]

128 I would only pause, at this juncture, to observe that the cases cited by
the defendant were unhelpful inasmuch as the _characterisation_ of when the
cause of action accrued through the occurrence of the damage concerned and
when, therefore, time begins to run for the purposes of the Limitation Act, is
crucial. This consideration of when “the cause of action accrued” must
necessarily entail an assessment of the _precise factual matrix_ of the case
itself to determine the nature of the obligation owed and the time of its
breach. In other words, it is extremely unhelpful and even dangerous to
generalise from the facts of an existing precedent unless the facts in that
case are truly “on all fours” with those considered in the case at hand.
Indeed, and more importantly, there can be reasonable disagreement as to how
any given factual matrix is to be characterised for the purposes of limitation
(_cf_ , for example, the treatment of the English decision of _Forster v
Outred_ [1982] 1 WLR 86 by Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Emmanuel & Barker_ [1999] 1 SLR
354 (“ _Wiltopps_ ”), especially at [25]). As already mentioned, the facts in
these proceedings are rather unusual and there is, to the best of my
knowledge, really no existing precedent that is “on all fours” with them. And
as we shall see in a moment, it is therefore necessary, in the final analysis,
to have regard to first principles as viewed from the perspective of the
precise factual matrix concerned.

**_The plaintiff’s arguments_**

129 On the other hand, Ms Neo argued – correctly, in my view – that, in the
absence of direct authority, the focus ought to be on the _nature and scope_
of the duty agreed to be undertaken by the defendant, rather than merely on
the form of the building agreement or arrangement between the relevant
parties. In particular, she argued that the nature and scope of the duty the
defendant owed to the plaintiff in the present proceedings was _separate and
independent_ _from_ the plaintiff’s legal arrangement with the main contractor
under the “design and build contract”. She also argued that, in any event, the
duties of, _inter alia_ , administering the contract between the plaintiff and
the main contractor as well as ensuring the timely completion of the project
have been held to exist _even in traditional_ building arrangements (citing
the English decisions of _Sutcliffe v Chippendale & Edmonson_ (1971) 18 BLR
149 and _West Faulkner Associates v Newham London Borough Council_ (1992) 31
Con LR 105). Most importantly, Ms Neo argued that there was _a continuing
duty_ owed by the defendant to the plaintiff in the context of the present
proceedings and that such a duty continued right up to (and including)
_either_ the _date of substantial or practical completion_ (_viz_ , June 1999)
_or_ the _date of final completion_ (again, argued by her to be June 1999);
consequently, she argued, the plaintiff’s claims were not time-barred. In this
regard, Ms Neo relied on the English decision of _University of Glasgow v
Whitfield John Laing Construction Ltd_ (1988) 42 BLR 66 (see especially at 77)
(“ _University of Glasgow_ ”). And the date of practical completion was, Ms
Neo argued, June 1999 (as opposed to 2 February 1998, as argued for by the
defendant). Indeed, she argued that it was erroneous for the defendant to fix
the date of practical completion by relying on his certification of completion
simply because, _by virtue of the plaintiff’s claim itself_ , _that_
certification was _itself_ being impugned.

130 Before proceeding to deliver my decision on this particular issue, I pause
to observe that the defendant’s citation of the English decision of _New
Islington and Hackney Housing Association Limited v Pollard Thomas and Edwards
Limited_ [2001] BLR 74 in order to counter the plaintiff’s reliance on
_University of Glasgow_ is misconceived simply because the facts in the former
case were quite different from the facts in the latter case. As I have already
pointed out above (at [128]), the precise factual matrix is extremely
important in this particular area of the law and, in this regard, there can be
no “blanket rule” one way or the other. At the same time however, the
defendant’s argument to the effect that _University of Glasgow_ is not
relevant because the case dealt with design – as opposed to supervision –
obligations is, with respect, also misconceived as being far too literal an
approach to take, especially since I understood the plaintiff to be utilising
the _general principles_ embodied in this particular case and to be, in any
event, referring to that case by way of analogy only.

**_Analysis_**

131** __** Having regard to my conclusions on the nature of the defendant’s
liability arrived earlier in the present judgment, it is clear, in my view,
that the defendant owed the plaintiff a _continuing duty_ and that the
defendant’s argument to the effect that time began to run from the date of
contractual completion must be rejected. This last-mentioned date was, if at
all, relevant only with respect to the legal situation existing between the
_main contractor and the plaintiff_ and, even then, might not be conclusive.
The _nature and scope_ _of the_ _defendant’s duties to the plaintiff_ were, in
contrast, _quite different_. As I pointed out right at the outset of this
judgment, this was not a typical or conventional building contract. That also
explains the dearth of direct authority – a fact acknowledged by both parties.
But the dearth of such authority is not a recipe for arbitrariness; far from
it. One must, in the circumstances, have regard to _general (in particular,
first) principles_. And these include, as the plaintiff has argued,
ascertaining the _nature and scope of the defendant’s duties to the plaintiff
as viewed in the context of the particular factual and legal matrix of the
present case_. Taking this logical and commonsensical approach, it is clear
that the date argued for by the defendant (_viz_ , the contractual date of
completion) was, as already alluded to above, both arbitrary and wholly
divorced from the _true_ legal relationship between the defendant and the
plaintiff – a legal relationship which would _not_ even have _ordinarily_
arisen, _but for the special circumstances of the case itself_ (which have
been detailed right at the outset of the present judgment).

132 In the circumstances, the defendant owed the plaintiff a legal duty to
exercise reasonable care in the supervision of the project work carried out by
the main contractor. Such a legal duty obviously _extended beyond_ _the
contractual completion date – if nothing else, because the main contractor was
itself woefully derelict in its duties_ under _its_ contract with the
plaintiff as well as pursuant to the duty of care it owed the plaintiff under
the law of tort. However, there had, in the nature of things, to be a “cut-off
date” as well. This “cut-off date” was, as argued by the plaintiff,
necessarily the date when the main contractor had _either practically or
finally completed its work on the project itself_. In the circumstances, and
taking these last-mentioned dates into account, it was clear that the
plaintiff’s claim was _not_ time-barred.

The quantum of damages awardable

**_Introduction_**

133**** I had earlier found that the defendant had not only breached his
_contractual_ duties owed to the plaintiff under the Deed but had _also_
breached his _tortious duties (in negligence)_ that he had also owed to the
plaintiff. Having just established that the defendant could not avoid
liability under the Limitation Act, I come now to the quantum of damages
awardable to the plaintiff for the defendant’s breach of the aforementioned
duties.

134 As a key legal concept figures prominently – and repeatedly – in the
analysis that follows, it would be appropriate to consider it at this
preliminary (albeit important) juncture. This concept is that of _remoteness
of damage_. Indeed, an extremely important issue arises even before this
concept can be applied to the facts at hand. And it is whether or not the
_contractual or tortious principles_ relating to remoteness of damage apply.
They are not the same.

135 In so far as _contractual_ principles of remoteness are concerned, the
seminal decision is, of course, the English Court of Exchequer decision in
_Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341. I have summarised the general position
in the Singapore context in the Singapore High Court decision of _CHS CPO GmbH
v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR 202, as follows (at [81]–[86]):

81 It is established law that remoteness of damage under contract law
comprises two limbs – first, damage flowing “naturally” from the breach of
contract and, secondly, “unusual” damage which (by its very definition) does
not flow naturally from the breach of contract but, rather, is due to special
circumstances. These two limbs are in fact to be found in the seminal decision
of the (English) Court of Exchequer in _Hadley v Baxendale_ ([63] _supra_), as
helpfully elaborated upon in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Victoria
Laundry (Windsor) Ld v Newman Industries Ld_ [1949] 2 KB 528. Indeed, in the
latter decision, Asquith LJ (who delivered the judgment of the court)
perceptively and helpfully distinguished between _two kinds_ of knowledge that
must be brought home to the defendant in order that the damage might not be
considered to be too remote.

82 The first is _imputed_ knowledge. Knowledge is imputed when it is the kind
or type of knowledge that everyone, as reasonable people, must be taken to
know. Everyone must, as reasonable people, be taken to know of damage which
flows “naturally” from a breach of contract. In other words, this category of
(imputed) knowledge is linked to the _first_ limb referred to in [81] above.
What is of vital legal significance is that in so far as such “natural” or
“ordinary” damage is concerned, there is _no need_ for the plaintiff to prove
_actual_ knowledge on the part of the defendant: the defendant (in this
particular case, the plaintiffs) must be _taken to know_ (under the concept of
imputed knowledge) that such damage would _ordinarily_ ensue as a result of
the breach of contract concerned.

83 The second type of knowledge is _actual_ knowledge. Not surprisingly, this
particular category of knowledge relates to the _second_ limb referred to in
[81] above. It concerns “special” or “non-natural” damage that results from a
breach of contract. A relatively more stringent criterion of knowledge is here
required in order that the damage will not be found to be too remote in law.
Put simply, the defendant must have had _actual_ knowledge of the special
circumstances which are outside the usual course of things. These
circumstances must be such that, in the event of a breach of contract
occurring, loss or damage going _beyond_ what would ordinarily result under
the first limb (referred to in [81], above, and which, _ex hypothesi_ , are
within the usual course of things) would ensue. In fairness to the defendant,
in order for him or her to be fixed with liability for such “special” or “non-
natural” damage, he or she must have had _actual_ knowledge of the
aforementioned special circumstances. In order for such actual knowledge to be
brought home, as it were, to the defendant, an objective test is utilised. In
the words of Robert Goff J (as he then was) in the English High Court decision
of _Satef-Huttenes Albertus SpA v Paloma Tercera Shipping Co SA (The Pegase)_
[1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 at 183:

[T]he test appears to be: have the facts in question come to the defendant’s
knowledge in such circumstances that _a reasonable person in the shoes of the
defendant_ would, if he had considered the matter at the time of the making of
the contract, have contemplated that, in the event of a breach by him, such
facts were to be taken into account when considering his responsibility for
loss suffered by the plaintiff as a result of such breach. The answer to that
question may vary from case to case … [emphasis added]

84 The following observations by Lai Kew Chai J in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Teck Tai Hardware (S) Pte Ltd v Corten Furniture Pte Ltd_ [1998]
2 SLR 244 at [17] might also be usefully noted:

The second rule [_ie_ , the second limb in _Hadley v Baxendale_ , as to which
see [81] above] caters for the situation where the contract breaker knows or
ought in certain circumstances to have known more than what every reasonable
man is presumed to know. If his contracting party tells him something outside
the ordinary course of things before or at the time the contract is made, the
second rule would apply.

85 That the abovementioned principles are part of Singapore law can be seen,
for example, from a local decision decided as far back as 1880: see _Yeo Leng
Tow & Co v Rautenberg, Schmidt & Co_ (1880) 1 Ky 491. There are of course more
recent decisions, including the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Hong
Fok Realty Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 73 and _City
Securities Pte Ltd v Associated Management Services Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 727.

86 English law is the foundation of Singapore law (see, in particular, and in
this regard, the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A, 1994 Rev Ed),
especially s 3). It is no surprise, therefore, that the English position with
regard to remoteness of damage is well established in the Singapore context.

[emphasis in original]

These principles were in fact recently endorsed in the Singapore Court of
Appeal decision of _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[2006] 3 SLR 769 at [106].

136 There is in fact some New Zealand authority which questions _Hadley v
Baxendale_ , but it is clear that the principles enunciated in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ continue to be good law in the Singapore context (not least because
of its endorsement by numerous Singapore cases as seen in the quotation in the
preceding paragraph). As I observed in _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ ([135]
_supra_ at [87]):

It might be noted in passing at this juncture, however, that there is a New
Zealand Court of Appeal decision that actually _questions_ the viability of
_Hadley v Baxendale_ itself: see _McElroy Milne v Commercial Electronics Ltd_
[1993] 1 NZLR 39 (“ _McElroy Milne_ ”). Nevertheless, the situation in so far
as Singapore is concerned is, as we have seen, too well established in so far
as the adoption of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_ is concerned _._ In any
event, _McElroy Milne_ has not in fact found favour in New Zealand itself:
see, for example, Rex Ahdar, “Remoteness, ‘Ritual Incantation’ and the Future
of _Hadley v Baxendale_ : Reflections from New Zealand” (1994) 7 JCL 53 as
well as Stephen Todd, “Remedies for breach of contract” in ch 21 of John
Burrows, Jeremy Finn & Stephen Todd, _Law of Contract in New Zealand – A
Successor to Cheshire & Fifoot’s Law of Contract, 8th New Zealand Edition_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2002) at pp 767–768. The very relevant call to legal
autochthony (which has its source in the rich scholarship of the late Prof G W
Bartholomew) is nevertheless not a call to departure from the received English
law merely for its own sake. Indeed, this is one such situation where
departure is not, in my view, justified. [emphasis in original]

See also the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Jet Holding Ltd v Cooper
Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ ([135] _supra_ at [106]).

137 In so far as the _tortious_ principles of remoteness are concerned, these
were stated in _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ ([135] _supra_ at [61]), as
follows:

61 Secondly, there is, as already alluded to above, the _tortious_ concept of
remoteness of damage (which centres on the principle of reasonable
foreseeability, the most oft-cited authority being that of the Privy Council
decision of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The
Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388). [emphasis in original]

138**** It is clear that, _ceteris paribus_ , the _tortious_ principles of
remoteness are _broader_ than the corresponding _contractual_ principles.
Indeed, it would conduce towards more clarity if the phrase “reasonable
_foreseeablity_ ” was utilised to describe the _tortious_ principles of
remoteness, and the phrase “reasonable _contemplation_ ” was utilised to
describe the _contractual_ principles of remoteness. Put simply, the tortious
principles of remoteness are broader and more “generous” simply because, apart
from situations where there is _concurrent_ liability in both tort and
contract, a situation involving tortious liability would relate to parties who
have had _no prior relationship with each other_. This is, of course, in
_stark contrast_ to a situation involving _contractual_ liability where there
would, _ex hypothesi_ , be an existing (contractual) relationship between the
parties. In such a situation, the parties would be expected to provide for any
reasonable contingencies that might be expected to arise. In any event, it
would be easier to _infer_ what the parties might have provided even if no
express term covered the contingency concerned (for example, a term could
possibly be _implied_ either “in fact” or “in law”). It is only logical and
commonsensical, therefore, that _stricter_ rules and principles of remoteness
obtain in the contractual – as opposed to the tortious – sphere.

139 What, then, ought to be the situation in the context of a situation such
as that which obtained in the present proceedings, where there was
_concurrent_ liability in both contract (under the terms of the Deed) as well
as in tort (for negligence for pure economic loss)? Mr Lai cited from _Clerk &
Lindsell on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) at para 2-145, arguing
that, in such a situation, the stricter _contractual_ rules and principles
ought to apply.

140 Quite apart from the authority of an established textbook, it is clear, in
my view, that this ought to be the legal position based on principle, logic
and commonsense. Where there is concurrent liability in both contract and
tort, _and_ given (as we have noted above) the fact that the rules and
principles in respect of remoteness of damage are stricter in the contractual
sphere as opposed to the tortious sphere, it would follow that the successful
claimant (whether it be the plaintiff in the main claim or the defendant in a
successful counterclaim) ought not to be better off in tort than it would be
in contract. To this end, where, therefore, there is concurrent liability in
both contract and tort, the stricter rules and principles of remoteness in
contract ought to prevail.

141 In the present proceedings, therefore, the contractual rules and
principles of remoteness first laid down in the seminal decision of _Hadley v
Baxendale_ ([135] _supra_) ought to apply. With this in mind, I now turn to
apply these rules and principles to the various heads of damage in the present
proceedings.

**_The claim for loss of use of factory space_**

142 The plaintiff claimed a total of $1,149,398.56, being the loss of use of
factory space for the period from the contractual completion date to the date
when the Temporary Occupation Licence (“TOP”) was finally obtained. In so far
as damages under this particular head are concerned, whilst it would normally
have been awarded, I held that such damages could not be awarded, based on the
facts of the present proceedings.

143 Both the subject property as well as the plaintiff’s former premises were
built on land purchased on long term leases and were _not tenanted_
properties. Any owner of real estate will know that the user costs of
_actually renting_ premises as opposed to being the _owner_ of the same
premises can be quite different. The market rental value as a means to measure
the loss of use to the owner, although convenient, is flawed. The market
rental value reflects components of interest costs, depreciation, maintenance
and property taxes. Given that the plaintiff was not able to shift to the
subject property which was not completed on time, the full costs of certain
components embedded within the market rental value such as depreciation and
maintenance cost of the building and property taxes would have not been
incurred whilst the plaintiff remained at its former premises. In other words,
using market rental value would have included business expenses which did not
materialise and therefore ought not to be borne by the defendant in the
context of the present proceedings. More importantly, there was no evidence
led with respect to this issue (of expenses). However, I will need to return
to this issue – albeit in a somewhat different (albeit related) context (see
[149] below).

144 There are, in fact, three main scenarios that could have possibly resulted
in (as well as justified) the use of market rental to estimate loss of use.

145 The first is if the plaintiff was waiting to commence its business in the
subject premises and as a result of the delay had to incur the expenses of
renting _alternative premises_. However, the plaintiff was already conducting
its business operations on its former premises. Hence, this scenario is not
applicable based on the facts of the present proceedings.

146 A second possible scenario is if the plaintiff had required the subject
premises _in addition to_ its former premises. But it is clear, from the
plaintiff’s own claim for damages for its inability to _sell_ its _former
premises_ , that _no additional capacity_ for its business operations was in
fact required. It is true that the plaintiff desired larger premises, but it
has to prove that its capacity at its former premises (which it continued to
use) was insufficient for its purposes during the relevant period of delay.
Indeed, the plaintiff adduced no evidence that it had contracts that required
the use of the subject premises _in addition_ to the use of its former
premises. This would, for example, have been the situation if the plaintiff
had demonstrated that it had entered into an overwhelming number of contracts
in anticipation of its increased capacity that could not have been
accommodated by the capacity afforded by its former premises only. There was
also no evidence, in fact, that the plaintiff had ceased its business
operations whilst waiting for the subject premises to be completed.

147 If, indeed, the plaintiff required additional capacity in order to fulfil
its various business commitments, these additional commitments would,
presumably, have fallen within the second limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (see
[135] above), and consequently required _actual_ knowledge on the part of the
defendant. It was clear that the defendant did not, in any event, have such
actual knowledge and, hence, such loss, even if it had existed, would have
been too remote.

148 A remaining scenario is where the plaintiff had decided to retain its
former premises and desired the subject premises as _an investment_. If so,
then the delay in the completion of the subject premises would have resulted
in the loss of rent that could have been obtained from these premises.
_However_ , it is clear that the plaintiff had intended the subject premises
to be _a replacement for_ its former business in the context of the conduct of
its business operations. Indeed, the plaintiff had claimed that it had
suffered loss due to the fact that it had lost the opportunity to sell its
former premises – a head of alleged loss that I will be considering in the
next section of this judgment.

149 However, in fairness to the plaintiff, I need to canvass an alternative
argument that might have been raised in relation to this alleged head of loss
– but which was _not_. To determine the damages suffered by the plaintiff
relating to the use of premises in this scenario in which _both_ the subject
and former premises are owned rather than rented, I would suggest that a more
appropriate measure is the depreciation to the asset value incurred by the
plaintiff during the period in question. Straight line depreciation accounting
will calculate this on the basis of the amount paid for the overall period of
the lease divided by the total period (to give the total monthly notional
rental), which figure should then have been multiplied by the number of months
in question (here, 23 months). However, as I have already mentioned, this
alternative argument was never canvassed and the necessary figures were not
before this court. Indeed, the argument was never even pleaded to begin with.

150 In the circumstances, the plaintiff cannot succeed under this particular
head of claim.

**_The claim for loss from the sale of the old factory_**

151 The plaintiff claimed $1,200,000 under this particular head of loss,
arguing that it could not sell the old factory for the price it could have
owing to the main contractor’s breach of its legal duties. Once again,
however, such loss would, if at all, have fallen within the second limb of
_Hadley v Baxendale_ (see [135] above). In the circumstances, _actual_
knowledge on the part of the defendant had to be proved by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff (through the testimony of Madam Koh) was unable to do so and, hence,
this particular head of loss is too remote and I therefore find in favour of
the defendant. Indeed, Madam Koh’s evidence in this regard was rather vague
and tentative and, in my view, clearly did not pass muster.

**_The claim for loss of use of plant and machinery for the period between
December 1997 and July 1999_**

152 The plaintiff claimed a total of $325,974.04 under this particular head of
loss. In this regard, what was involved was new machinery for use at the
subject premises. Once again, however, the second limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_
(see [135] above) applies and once again, in the circumstances, the plaintiff
was unable to prove _actual_ knowledge on the part of the defendant and,
hence, I find in favour of the defendant. Indeed, in its submissions, the
plaintiff was relying on the much broader (and tortious) concept of reasonable
_foreseeability_ which was not, in the circumstances, applicable in the
present proceedings for the reasons give above (at [139]–[140]).

**_The claim with respect to storage charges for the machines and container_**

153 The plaintiff claimed $19,911.29 under this particular head of loss. Once
again, the second limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (see [135] above) applies and
once again, in the circumstances, the plaintiff was unable to prove _actual_
knowledge on the part of the defendant and, hence, I find in favour of the
defendant. This conclusion in fact follows from my finding with regard to the
preceding head of damage or loss.

**_Claim with regard to defects in the subject property_**

154 The plaintiff set out, through its expert report, a whole host of defects
in the subject property. I found that this was clearly the case. The work that
issued from the main contractor was clearly unsatisfactory; in some instances,
if I might venture to observe, it was appalling. It is not surprising,
therefore, that Madam Koh, in particular, felt thoroughly aggrieved.

155 Whilst not seeking to deny that such defects were in fact present in the
subject property, the defendant sought to argue that many of the items
concerned were either not caused by the main contractor or were excessive or
were due to normal wear and tear.

156 I went through each and every alleged defect in the light of the various
arguments made on behalf of both parties, as well as in the light of the
available testimony. I found, in fact, that most of the defects had in fact
been caused by the main contractor and which, for the reasons I have already
set out above, the defendant was also liable for. I also found, however, that
the following items of alleged loss had not been proved by the plaintiff, as
follows (the respective sums claimed with respect to each item follow in
parentheses):

(a) The need to overhaul and lay the lightning conductors/metal strips on the
parapet walls to a flat surface ($2,000).

(b) Repainting works to the exterior and interior of the building ($150,000).

(c) Certain works to the guardhouse ($450).

(d) Infilling the aerated slab with earth and turf ($100).

(e) To compact, re-spread and level the existing tarmacadam driveway and
loading/unloading bay ($40,000).

(f) Topping up of the soil and loosing of the soil (to provide sufficient
oxygen in the soil for better growing of plants) prior to the replanting
exercise ($5,000).

(g) To treat the termites with pest control methods ($1,500).

(h) The hacking out and replastering of the hollow/debonded plaster on the
column on the first storey ($150).

(i) To lay over the whole roof (shared with the PUB transformer room, PUB
switch room and consumer switch room) with waterproofing membrane and dressed
up to the roof parapet ($3,000).

(j) Replacing the rusty metal clasp of the conduit in the PUB switch room
($10).

(k) Installation of weather-boarding at the base of the doors in the consumer
switch room ($30).

(l) Re-designing the door and partition wall in the female toilet on the
second storey (beside stair A) ($200).

(m) Redecorating the dented window still in the production area in the second
storey ($100).

(n) Filling up the gap between the frame and the wall at all shutter openings
with appropriate sealant to stop rainwater seepage in the production area in
the second storey ($50).

(o) Installing a new door knob to the exit door to stair B in the third storey
($50).

(p) Relocating the floor trap in the production area in the third storey
($1,000).

157 There is no need to delve into detail _vis-à-vis_ the reasons as to why
recovery for each of the items listed in the preceding paragraph was not
allowed. Broadly speaking, however, the following reasons were applicable (and
are borne out in the testimony of the plaintiff’s expert, one Mr Chin Cheong,
given (principally by way of admissions) under cross-examination by Mr Lai):

(a) Not recoverable because it is a maintenance issue (see generally items
(a), (d), (j), (o), and part of item (c) above).

(b) Not recoverable because it is an improvement, as opposed to a
rectification (see generally items (f) and part of item (c)).

(c) Not recoverable because it is not part of the relevant report (see
generally item (h) above).

(d) Not recoverable because it is unnecessary (see generally item (k) above).

(e) Not recoverable because it is excessive (see generally item (l) above).

(f) Not recoverable because not identified or proved (see generally items (m),
(n) and (p) above).

There is also some overlap (see, for example, item (b) above, which, in my
view, fall within reasons (a), (e) and (f) above, as well as item (e) above,
which falls within reasons (a) and (f) above).

158 In the circumstances, the total sum with respect to the items set out
above (at [156]) which I found had _not_ been proved by the plaintiff was
$203,640.

Miscellaneous claims

159 There were a number of miscellaneous claims, which included the following
(the respective amounts claimed are in parentheses):

(a) Fees paid to JTC for the extended construction period from August 1997 to
July 1999 ($1,030).

(b) Fees paid to the defendant and the Urban Redevelopment Authority for the
increase in building height from 3 storeys to 4 storeys, which was aborted to
mitigate delay ($6,500).

(c) Addition fees incurred for the appointment of a replacement architect as
the QP in the defendant’s place to complete what the defendant had left undone
($22,000).

(d) Additional expenses incurred in engaging other contractors to complete all
outstanding works and to remedy the various defects ($39,493.50).

160 These claims under this particular head were modest. Thus, they ought, in
principle, to be awarded.

**_A recapitulation – the total amount of damages awardable to the
plaintiff_**

161 A total of $3,346,397.39 was claimed by the plaintiff in the present
proceedings.

162 Given my findings above, the following amounts were _not_ recoverable by
the plaintiff:

(a) |  The claim for loss of use of the subject premises |  $1,149,398.56  
---|---|---  
(b) |  The claim for loss from the sale of the old factory |  $1,200,000  
(c) |  The claim for loss of use of plant and machinery  
for the period between December 1997 and July 1999 |  $325,974.04  
(d) |  The claims with respect to storage charges for the  
machines and container |  $19,911.29  
(e) |  Claim with regard to defects in the subject property |  _$203,640_  
|  Total |  _$2,898,923.89_  
  
163 Hence, the total amount of damages that ought to be awarded to the
plaintiff is $447,473.50.

**_Sums taken into account by way of set-off_**

164 There were two sums that the defendant argued ought to be taken into
account by way of set-off and to his credit in the event that damages were
awarded. To recapitulate, the total amount of damages awardable to the
plaintiff is $447,473.50.

165 However, I note, first, that the plaintiff has admitted that $250,000
(received by the plaintiff from Overseas Union Insurance Limited pursuant to a
performance bond furnished by the main contractor) ought to be taken into
account as credit for any damages which are payable by the defendant.

166 The second sum engendered more controversy. The defendant argued that the
retention sum of $196,230.30 should also be taken into account as credit for
any damages payable by him. However, the plaintiff argued to the contrary. The
main issue, in this regard, was whether or not this retention sum had been
released to the main contractor; if it had, then it ought not to be taken into
account. In the circumstances, I found that there was simply no evidence
whatsoever that that sum had in fact been released by the plaintiff to the
main contractor. In point of fact, no concrete evidence was led as to what the
precise position was between the plaintiff on the one hand and the main
contractor on the other. There was, in fact, no evidence adduced by the
defendant to rebut the plaintiff’s claim that the defendant had in fact over-
certified inasmuch as works that had not actually been done by the main
contractor were nevertheless certified by the defendant to have been
completed. There was also a dispute as to what the contract sum under the
“design and build contract” actually was. I saw no reason to disbelieve Madam
Koh’s version to the effect that the contract sum was _lower_ than that argued
for by the defendant, not least because, try as he might, Mr Lai was unable to
undermine her version in cross-examination. Indeed, as I have already pointed
out above, the plaintiff in general and Madam Koh in particular had had
difficulties with the main contractor right from the outset of the project
itself. As I have also indicated above, the rancour – even hatred – felt
towards the main contractor continues unabated, and even exceeded that felt
towards the defendant in the present proceedings. All this reinforces my
finding that _under those circumstances_ , it was improbable that the
plaintiff would have released the retention sum to the main contractor. In any
event, as I have already mentioned, there was no evidence that such a sum was
in fact released. In the circumstances, therefore, I also took this sum into
account as credit for any damages payable by the defendant.

167 The total of the two sums mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs was
$446,230.30. The total amount of damages awardable, on the other hand, was
$447,473.50. After taking the total of the two sums mentioned into account by
way of set-off, the total amount of damages awardable was $1,243.30.

Conclusion and the issue of costs

168**** In the premises, I found in favour of the plaintiff and awarded it a
sum of $1,243.20, together with interest and costs.

169 However, as referred to at the commencement of this judgment, the
controversy between the parties stretched beyond the decision on the
substantive issues, and into the sphere of costs.

170 In this regard, Mr Lai argued that, despite the fact that the plaintiff
had in fact succeeded on most issues with regard to liability and had been
awarded damages, each party ought to bear its own costs. His main argument
centred on the fact that the plaintiff had been awarded only $1,243.20.
However, it should be borne in mind that this was _not_ the _actual_ loss or
damage caused to the plaintiff. This was, as I have pointed out above, the
_net_ figure, after the necessary set-offs had been taken into account. In
point of fact, the _actual_ loss or damage caused to the plaintiff was
_$446,230.30_ , _ie_ , a sum close to _half a million dollars_. This could, by
no stretch of the imagination, be characterised as a failure on the part of
the plaintiff to prove its claim – still less that it constituted nominal
damages only. Indeed, _much_ of the argument centred on the argument of
_liability_.

171 Further, although the set-offs were, _in fairness to the defendant_ ,
taken into account, I did note Ms Neo’s point that the argument as to these
set-offs was only raised at the conclusion of the trial at the stage of
submissions. It is both unjust and unfair for the defendant to now take
advantage of the concessions it has obtained by seeking to utilise those sums
(already utilised as set-offs against the total damages payable by the
defendant to the plaintiff) as a legal instrument to avoid having to pay the
plaintiff its costs.

172 The general (and well-established) principles as to costs were stated in
the oft-cited Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2
SLR 489, as follows (at 496, [24]):

We have found _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_[1993] 1 All ER 232] which is a recent
judgment of the English Court of Appeal most helpful as it has collected
together all the relevant principles which should govern the awarding of
costs. Suffice to set out here the headnote which reads:

The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that costs were in
the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other
order should be made, (iii) that the general rule did not cease to apply
simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations that
failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where
he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings, and
(iv) that where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that a successful party who
neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or made allegations which
failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs …

173 Based on the four principles set out in the above quotation, it is clear
that the plaintiff _was_ entitled to its costs. However, I did take into
account the fact that the plaintiff did fail on one argument with respect to
liability (see above at [33]) as well as with respect to certain arguments
regarding the remedies sought (centring principally round the doctrine of the
remoteness of damage). In the circumstances, I was of the view that the
plaintiff ought to be awarded 70 per cent of its costs.

174 As mentioned above, this was _not_ an instance where only _nominal_
damages were awarded. The ultimate amount awarded did not truly reflect the
true quantum of recovery by the plaintiff. To reiterate a point made earlier,
one ought, as always, to look to the substance rather than to the form. It is,
of course, true that in situations where nominal damages were in fact awarded,
the plaintiff will – more often than not – not be regarded as having been a
“successful” plaintiff. However, even in such a situation, the plaintiff might
still be regarded as a “successful” plaintiff if part of the object of the
claim is to establish a legal right (see generally _McGregor on Damages_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) at para 10-010). I do not think that a
“blanket rule” can be imposed, and the facts of each case are crucial and will
need to be scrutinised closely. However, as I have already mentioned, the
present proceedings did _not_ concern a situation where only nominal damages
were awarded.

175 The defendant also – rather belatedly – argued that two offers to settle
had been made by it to the plaintiff. One was an offer to settle dated 30 July
2004. This was for a mere $10,000 (inclusive of interest) and must surely be
considered extremely trivial and even (from the plaintiff’s perspective)
insulting, given the nature and amount of damage claimed. Although it did also
contain an offer to pay the plaintiff’s costs, it should be noted that the
parties had not, at that particular point in time, proceeded to trial yet.

176 The second was an offer to settle dated 26 July 2005, after the hearing in
open court had concluded. This was for an amount of $120,000 (inclusive of
interest) and with the understanding that each party bears its own costs. The
amount involved, whilst more substantial than that contained in the first
offer to settle, still fell far short of what the plaintiff ultimately
obtained from this court, which was close to half a million dollars. It should
also be noted that the amount that would ultimately be awarded by this court
was, of course, unknown to the parties at the time and that this particular
offer must have therefore been made by the defendant with the plaintiff’s
original claim in view.

177 In the circumstances, it was rather disingenuous of the defendant to
invoke O 22A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The defendant,
not surprisingly, focused on the award of $1,243.20. This was, with respect, a
literalist approach that did not take into account the _context_ of the case
itself.

178 As I alluded to at the outset of this judgment, this case, whilst raising
interesting legal issues, was, in the final analysis, a rather long-drawn
battle between parties who fought doggedly every step of the way in an unusual
factual context. They were fuelled not so much by principle as by rancour. It
was, in addition – on the part of the defendant at least – a fight for
“survival” in the absence of the requisite insurance coverage. But this
conduct on the part of the defendant was, in the final analysis, misplaced in
the light of the clear language of the Deed as interpreted in the light of the
surrounding circumstances as a whole, and of a factual matrix that was so
clear that liability for negligence for pure economic loss was inevitable even
in the face of the general complexity of the law in the area itself. In the
circumstances, the defendant was fortunate that certain items of claim were
too remote or not proved, and (more importantly) that set-offs were available
to him. On a more general level, things might have taken a quite different –
and certainly less acrimonious – turn if both parties had displayed some
commonsense, forgiveness and compromise. However, this was not to be. As
already mentioned, the result was a very unfortunate “tit for tat” battle to
the very end (including, but not limited, to the issue of costs).

* * *

[note: 1] See Notes of Evidence at pp 88–89.

[note: 2] See, for example, the Minutes of Meeting as well as the plaintiff’s
letter to the defendant, both dated 24 September 1996 (at PCB, Tab 6, at pp
198–201 and 196–197, respectively).

[note: 3] See, for example, PCB, Tab 7, pp 215, 246 and 254.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

