Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Banque Cantonale Vaudoise v Fujitrans (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 217

Case Number | : | Suit 542/2002, RA 260/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Lie, Angela Yap and Chow Sy Han (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the appellant; Toh Kian Sing and Alvin Looi (Rajah & Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Banque Cantonale Vaudoise — Fujitrans (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Appellant seeking discovery of
documents, several categories of which had been considered in prior discovery
application – First discovery application dismissed as fishing expedition or
attempt to discover irrelevant documents – Whether appellant showing how
circumstances had changed to warrant court taking different view from judge in
first application – Whether all categories of documents sought relevant to
appellant's defences – Order 24 r 5 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

29 November 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J

1 The appellant, Fujitrans (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Fujitrans”), which was sued
by the respondent, Banque Cantonale Vaudoise (“BCV”), appealed against the
dismissal of their application for discovery of documents by the Assistant
Registrar, Mr Yeong Zee Kin. I affirmed the Assistant Registrar’s decision and
now set out the reasons for my decision.

**Background**

2 The suit by BCV, a Swiss bank, against Fujitrans, a Singapore company that
provides warehousing facilities, has its roots in an alleged fraudulent scheme
perpetrated on a number of banks in Europe and in Singapore by the officers of
RBG Resources Plc (“RBG”), an international metals merchant with a broad
spectrum of global clients. These banks had either purchased metals from RBG
or advanced money to RBG on the security of metals allegedly stored in
warehouses. It was alleged that Fujitrans was involved in RBG’s wrong-doing by
sending fraudulent warehouse attornments for non-existent cargoes to BCV, who
relied on them to provide financing to RBG. The alleged fraud in Singapore was
perpetrated by Fujitrans’ former warehouse manager, Mr Lim Tau Hee. BCV
asserted that it would not have disbursed monies to RBG’s seller if it had
known that the attornments were false and that the metal cargoes did not exist
and claimed that Fujitrans was vicariously liable for Mr Lim’s acts or was
itself negligent in the provision of warehouse services.

**The First Discovery Application in 2004**

3 It is pertinent to note that six out of the seven categories of documents
sought in the present discovery application had been considered by Woo Bih Li
J in 2004 (“the first discovery application”). In that year, BCV applied for
summary judgment against Fujitrans, who applied for discovery of several
categories of documents. The first discovery application was dismissed by the
Assistant Registrar on 10 June 2004 save for one category relating to BCV’s
Loans and Securities Manual. Fujitrans’ appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision was dismissed by Woo J, who had no doubt after
considering at length the categories of documents sought that Fujitrans had
embarked on a fishing expedition or had sought discovery of documents that
were not necessary for the conduct of its case: see _Banque Cantonale Vaudoise
v RBG Resources Plc_ [2004] 4 SLR 856.

4 Fujitrans’ appeal against Woo J’s decision was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal.

**The Assistant Registrar’s Decision**

5 As has been mentioned, in the present discovery application (“the second
discovery application”), Fujitrans sought discovery of seven categories of
documents, six of which had already been considered by Woo J in the first
discovery application in 2004.

6 BCV’s counsel, Mr Toh Kian Sing, submitted that in regard to these six
categories already considered by Woo J in the first discovery application, the
matter was res judicata and it was an abuse of the process of the court to try
and re-open the issue without any further development to justify this. As for
the seventh category, Mr Toh asserted that the documents were irrelevant to
the trial.

7 The Assistant Registrar heard Fujitrans’ second discovery application on 28
August 2006 and dismissed it on two grounds. First, in regard to the
categories already considered by Woo J in 2004, he found that there was issue
estoppel. He stated as follows in his Notes of Evidence:

As the facts and basis for application are substantially the same as those
presented before Woo J, I am of the view that issue estoppel applies…. I have
studied Woo J’s judgment in _BCV v RBG Resources_ [2004] 4 SLR 856 and
although Woo J commented on the proper procedures and the motives of the
Defendant’s application, when Woo J dealt with the discovery application, he
dealt with it substantively and did not qualify that he was considering it
only for the summary judgment appeal.

8 Secondly, the Assistant Registrar found that Fujitrans had not demonstrated
a substantial change in the circumstances to warrant that he come to a
different view from Woo J. He explained as follows:

I am mindful that discovery is an ongoing obligation, but having applied on a
set of facts, the Defendant has to show in a subsequent application that
circumstances have substantially changed to justify another application for
the same classes – or in this case, two expanded classes - of documents.

**The Appeal**

9 Order 24 rule 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) gives the
court a discretion to order the discovery of documents at any time. The
documents in respect of which discovery may be ordered are as follows:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case; and

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

10 That O 24 r 5 is not intended to cover what is essentially a “fishing
expedition” by an applicant has been reiterated by the courts on innumerable
occasions. In _O Co v M Co_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 347, 351, Colman J, while
considering the corresponding English position, rightly frowned on “discovery
demands which would involve parties to civil litigation being required to turn
out the contents of their filing systems as if under criminal investigation on
the off-chance that something might show up from which some relatively weak
inference prejudicial to the case of the disclosing party might be drawn”. He
added that the document or class of documents must be shown by the applicant
“to offer a real probability of evidential materiality in the sense that it
must be a document or class of documents which in the ordinary way can be
expected to yield information of substantial evidential materiality to the
pleaded claim and the defence to it”.

11 In _Tan Chin Seng & Ors v Raffles Town Club Pte_ Ltd [2002] 3 SLR 345, 351,
Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said that
one of the essential preconditions to be satisfied before discovery will be
ordered is that of relevance. As for the principle of “train of inquiry”,
which is incorporated in O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court, he pointed out that
it is necessary for a party seeking discovery of documents to show in what way
the requested document may lead to the relevant document. He added that
whether a document would affect a party’s case or adversely affect the other
party’s case or support another party’s case must depend on the issues pleaded
in the action.

**_The six categories of documents previously considered by Woo J_**

12 It is appropriate at this juncture to consider the six categories of
documents in the second discovery application that mirrored or were wider than
those sought in the first discovery application considered by Woo J.

_The first category of documents_

13 The documents sought in category 1 of the second discovery application,
which are identical to those sought in the first discovery application, are as
follows:

Account Statements for all Allied Deals (and later) RBG Resources PLC accounts
from 1 September 1998 to until 31 May 2002 (or from the opening of the account
facilities until their closure or inactivity, whichever period is greater)
including but not limited to Current and Deposit Accounts and in particular
the US$ Overdraft Account numbered 959.94.71.

14 In relation to this category of documents, Woo J stated in his judgment at
[40] as follows:

The very wide ambit of the category sought itself suggested that Mr Palmer was
hoping to find some evidence to lend credence to his suspicion, a suspicion
which was not based on anything more than his belief that an overdraft
facility was a most unusual method of financing. His suspicion itself was
couched in vague terms. _In my view, this request was a fishing expedition_.
[emphasis added]

_The second category of documents_

15 Like the documents in category 1, the documents sought in category 2 of the
second discovery application are identical to those sought in the first
discovery application and are as follows:

All Term Sheet and Loan Approval Documentation sent to Allied Deals/RBG in
respect of the business relationship with BCV for the period 1 September 1998
to May 2002.

16 In his judgment, Woo J stated as follows at [42] in relation to category 2:

This category was very wide and demonstrated that Mr Palmer was hoping to find
an omission on the part of BCV to follow a procedure. It seemed to me that
_this request was also a fishing expedition to try and uncover something to be
used against BCV_. [emphasis added]

_The third category of documents_

17 The range of documents sought in category 3 in the second discovery
application is even wider than that rejected by Woo J in the first discovery
application. The wider category is for the following documents:

All approval forms (also known as Offering Tickets) for authorized signatory
approval for the release of funds on an overdraft basis on account of Allied
Deals/RBG in respect of the 75 open positions referred to in Schedule 1 of the
Plaintiff’s Re-Re-Amended Statement of Claim dated 16 January 2006.

18 When dealing with the narrower category in the first hearing, Woo J said at
[43] and [44] of his judgment as follows:

43 Paragraph 72 of [the first affidavit of Fujitrans’ expert, Mr Palmer],
stated that these offering tickets would guide him as to the basis upon which
BCV operated its normal prudent checks (if any) for each release of funds and
against which security they did so.

44 I found the relevance of this justification to be vague. For example,
supposing it was known which security funds were released against, what would
that demonstrate? _In my view, this request was a fishing expedition_.
[emphasis added]

_The fourth category of documents_

19 Category 4 of the documents sought in the second discovery application,
which relates to the Securities Register, need not be considered any further
because Fujitrans had decided not to proceed with its application for this
category of documents, which Woo J had thought was irrelevant to whether BCV
should have ascertained the creditworthiness of the buyers.

_The fifth category of documents_

20 Category 5 in the second discovery application, which is identical to that
considered by Woo J in the first discovery application, concerns the
following:

All communications (including but not limited to emails, memoranda, records of
telephone conversations and faxes) between the Line Supervisor in BCV’s Head
Office in Lausanne, Switzerland, to Francois Greiner relating to the operation
of the overdraft account (No 959.94.71) and any other temporary overdraft
facilities granted to RBG.

21 In dismissing the application for this category of documents in the first
discovery application, Woo J said as follows in his judgment at [49] and [50]:

49 At para 77 of his First Affidavit, [Fujitrans’ expert, Mr Palmer] said:-

It is most unlikely in my experience that … Greiner as Head of BCV’s trade
finance department would have the ability to agree to an overdraft facility of
US$19 million. It is most likely that this was agreed internally between
Francois Greiner and his director/general manager in charge of the trade
finance department….My opinion is that these communications would reveal the
real purpose behind the utilization of an overdraft facility, contrary to
prudent banking practice, for so much in so short a space of time and would
clarify whether BCV actually were aware of the financial loss they were
facing. My experience tells me that they must have been aware of problems to
utilize the overdraft facility in the first place.

50\. To me, this was again a vague justification and a _fishing attempt_. How
did BCV’s awareness of the financial loss they were facing address the issues?
[emphasis added]

_The sixth category of documents_

22 The documents in category 6 in the second discovery application are
identical to those sought in the first discovery application and are as
follows:

All communications (including but not limited to emails, memoranda, records of
telephone conversations and faxes) between Allied Deals PLC/RBG and the
designated account manager at BCV.

23 Woo J, who refused to allow the discovery of the documents in category 6
during the first discovery application, explained in his judgment as follows
at [52]:

I did not see how the duty of an account manager to keep the head of the
department informed would enable Fujitrans to establish that BCV was not being
prudent, as no specific breach by the account manager was cited. Seeing how
RBG was able to convince BCV to continue financing was also irrelevant because
of its vagueness. _This was yet another fishing exercise_.

**_No new developments since the first discovery application_**

24 It is understandable that BCV’s counsel, Mr Toh, contended that the present
discovery application is effectively an attempt to re-argue the first
discovery application and amounts to a collateral attack on the decision of
Woo J and that of the Court of Appeal. Fujitrans’ counsel, Mr Kenneth Lie,
urged the court to reject BCV’s argument and emphasized that the first
discovery application in 2004 was made for the purpose of O 14 proceedings and
that the second application was for the purposes of the trial.

25 It is unnecessary for me to consider whether there was issue estoppel for
if circumstances had changed since 2004 to warrant the discovery of the
documents in question, Fujitrans deserves an opportunity to explain to the
court how the altered conditions warranted the discovery of documents
previously denied to it.

26 At this juncture, it is worth noting that BCV’s claim against Fujitrans, as
presently pleaded, is even narrower than that pleaded when the first discovery
application was heard in that the claim has since been limited to attornments
in relation to non-existent goods. BCV’s case is that it relied on attornments
received by them on Fujitrans’ letterhead before it advanced monies on RBG’s
account for non-existent metals allegedly stored in Fujitrans’ warehouse. If
the attornments had been genuine and the metals were, as had been represented
by Fujitrans, within the confines of its warehouse, BCV would have
constructive possession of the metal cargoes therein. It is equally important
to note that no new defences have been pleaded by Fujitrans since the hearing
of the first discovery application. In its amended defence, Fujitrans pleaded
the following defences:-

(a) BCV did not rely on the warehouse attornments sent on Fujitrans’
letterhead;

(b) BCV did not act with due diligence; and

(c) BCV caused its own loss by its own acts or omissions.

27 None of the categories of documents sought in the second discovery
application pertain directly to the reliance by BCV on warehouse attornments
on Fujitrans’ letterhead or how, by relying on these attornments, BCV caused
its own loss. Indeed, the evidence adduced by Fujitrans in support of the
second discovery application is either identical to the evidence adduced
during the first application or is not related to the defences pleaded. In
support of the second discovery application, Fujitrrans relied on the view of
their expert, Mr Howard Palmer, a trade finance banker, whose evidence drew
support from three reports concerning BCV that have absolutely nothing to do
with the claims being pursued by BCV in the present action.

28 Two of the reports that Fujitrans sought to rely on to justify the second
discovery application were readily available when the first discovery
application was heard. These are the Report of the Parliamentary Commission of
the Canton of Vaud (the “Canton Report”) and the Basel Committee Guidelines of
1997.

29 The Canton Report relates to an investigation by the Swiss Canton of Vaud
in 2002 when BCV underwent a re-capitalization exercise. It focused on the
involvement of Vaud, the biggest shareholder of BCV in the supervision of the
bank. Whatever the Canton Report may have stated, almost nothing was said
about trade financing or the day-to-day operation of the trade finance banking
practices of BCV at the material time. While Mr Palmer cited numerous passages
in the affidavits filed for the hearing of the second discovery application,
what is deafening is his silence on how these passages relate to Fujitrans’
defence that BCV did not rely on its attornments and to the relevance of the
documents it is seeking discovery of. It is worth noting that this report was
available on 2 June 2004 and it was not mentioned at all in Mr Palmer’s fourth
affidavit of October 2004. I accept BCV’s assertion that the introduction of
this Report at this late stage is a ploy to introduce some evidence to justify
the second discovery application.

30 As for the Basel Committee’s Guidelines of 1997, Mr Palmer alleged that BCV
has failed to comply with these guidelines but failed to show how these
guidelines relate to Fujitrans’ defences and to the relevance of the
categories of documents in the second discovery application. Furthermore,
although the Basel Guidelines were laid down in 1997, Mr Palmer made no
references to them in his numerous affidavits in support of the first
discovery application heard by Woo J. Undoubtedly, his belated reliance on
these Guidelines in the second discovery application is a desperate bid to
adduce some evidence to explain why in the face of Woo J’s decision in the
first discovery application, the second discovery application should be
considered. Significantly, Fujitrans’ counsel admitted that he did not even
refer to the Basel Guidelines in his written submissions to the Assistant
Registrar at the hearing below.

31 As for the third report, the Bernasconi Report of January 2003, Fujitrans
asserted that it shows the internal dysfunction of BCV during the period of
investigation from 1996 to 1998. According to Fujitrans’ counsel, the report
gave background information relating to BCV’s entry into trade finance, which
it was not familiar with at that time. Mr Palmer had taken the view in his
second affidavit that “it appears that in an attempt to gain quick cash flow
for a bank caught in a trap of failing assets and inadequate provisions that
the bank turned to international trade finance as a fee and commission in
order to improve its overall balance sheet”. This “opinion” had already been
considered by Woo J in the first discovery application and is not a licence to
fish even at this stage of the proceedings for information to confirm one
man’s suspicion or unsubstantiated opinion.

32 It is regrettable that although Fujitrans was essentially seeking to
discover the same or an expanded category of documents as those considered by
Woo J and the Court of Appeal in the first discovery application, it failed to
show how circumstances have changed to warrant this court taking a different
view from that of Woo J, who had given detailed reasons as to why he thought
that the first discovery application was essentially a fishing expedition or
an attempt to discover irrelevant documents.

_The seventh category of documents_

33 I now turn to the documents in category 7, the only category of documents
not sought in the first discovery application. These documents are described
as follows:

Documents/correspondence relating to each of the underlying commercial
transactions received from and/or sent to RBG, including but not limited to
sales and purchase contracts, sellers’ and RBG’s invoices, packing list, bill
of exchange, swift messages, transfer instructions from RBG to BCV, stock
releases from BCV to the Defendants and correspondence between BCV to the
Defendants and correspondence between BCV and RBG) **in respect of the other
54 open positions referred to in Schedule 1** of the Plaintiffs’ Re-Re-Amended
Statement of Claim dated 16 January 2006.

34 BCV’s counsel, Mr Toh, pointed out that the documents in category 7 are
irrelevant to the trial. BCV’s claim only concerns warehouse financing and the
documents sought under the seventh category do not concern warehouse
financing, at all but relate to other types of financing. Evidently, the
appellant hoped to find some evidence from these documents unrelated to BCV’s
claim that would show that BCV was not very careful in its business dealings.
This is clearly a fishing exercise and like the Assistant Registrar, I was not
convinced that these documents are necessary for the trial.

**Conclusion**

35 In this second discovery application, Fujitrans sought, without
justification, to discover almost all the documents pertaining to BCV’s
banker-customer relationship from 1998 to 2002. This was a blatant attempt to
empty BCV’s filing cabinets for fishing purposes. For the reasons stated,
Fujitrans’ appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar was
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

