Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jet Holding Ltd and Others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Another  
[2006] SGHC 20

Case Number | : | Suit 1523/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Randhir Ram Chandra and Nicole Tan (Haridass Ho and Partners) for the plaintiffs; Prem Gurbani and Bernard Yee (Gurbani and Co) for the first defendant; Tan Teng Muan and Wong Khai Leng (Mallal and Namazie) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Jet Holding Ltd; Jet Shipping Ltd; Jet Drilling (S) Pte Ltd; Maurel Et Prom — Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Stork Technology Services Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Eastburn Stork Pte Ltd)   
  
2 February 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This is a supplemental judgment on costs. The main judgment is reported at
[2005] 4 SLR 417.

2 The parties appeared before me on 26 September 2005 to submit on the
outstanding question of costs. After hearing arguments, the first and second
plaintiffs were awarded 30% of their costs. For avoidance of doubt, I
confirmed, at the request of counsel for the defendants, that the
disbursements of the first and second plaintiffs were also to be capped at
30%. Notably, the costs as awarded reflected the outcome, both overall and on
the different issues on which the court heard evidence and arguments on all
sides, as well as what was fair and reasonable in the whole of the
circumstances. I also made a separate costs order against the third and fourth
plaintiffs.

3 The principles governing the award of costs which were elucidated in _Re
Elgindata_ _(No 2)_ [1992] 1 WLR 1207 have been adopted in Singapore in
_Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR 489 and more recently in _MCST No 473 v De Beers
Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 1 at [57]. The principles are these:

(a) Costs are in the discretion of the court.

(b) Costs should follow the event, except when it appears to the court that
some other order should be made.

(c) The general rule does not cease to apply simply because the successful
party raises issues or makes allegations on which he fails, but where that has
caused a significant increase in the length or cost of the proceedings he may
be deprived of the whole or part of his costs.

(d) Where the successful party raises issues or makes allegations improperly
or unreasonably, the court may not only deprive him of his costs but may also
order him to pay the whole or a part of the unsuccessful party’s costs.

4 Turning to O 59 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), I start
with O 59 r 2(2) which provides that costs are in the discretion of the court
and the court has the power to determine by whom and to what extent the costs
are to be paid. Order 59 r 3(2) states:

If the Court in the exercise of its discretion sees fit to make any order as
to the costs of or incidental to any proceedings, the Court shall, subject to
this Order, order the costs to follow the event, except when it appears to the
Court that in the circumstances of the case some other order should be made as
to the whole or any part of the costs.

Order 59 r 5 allows the court to take into consideration the parties’ conduct
before and during the proceedings in assessing costs. There is also O 59 r 6A
which is aimed at the party who has failed to establish any claim or issue and
has thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably added to the costs or complexity of
the proceedings. I should mention that the Court of Appeal in _Lim Lie Hoa v
Ong Jane Rebecca_ _(No 2)_ [2005] 3 SLR 116 clarified that the factors listed
in O 59 r 6A are not exhaustive. To summarise, the rules make clear the “costs
to follow the event” principle, and the rules at the same time indicate the
wide range of considerations which will result in the court making different
orders as to costs.

5 Counsel for the first defendant argued that costs should be ordered in the
first defendant’s favour. The first and second plaintiffs could not be
regarded as the successful party in that the first and second plaintiffs were
awarded nominal damages for all their claims except for the Blow Out Preventor
(“BOP”), which would have ended up in the same way as the other claims, but
for the evidence of the first defendant. Counsel for the second defendant also
contended that the first and second plaintiffs could not effectively be
regarded as the successful party.

6 In _Anglo-Cyprian Trade Agencies, Ltd v Paphos Wine Industries, Ltd_ [1951]
1 All ER 873 at 874, Devlin J made these observations on the award of costs to
a plaintiff who recovered only nominal damages:

No doubt, the ordinary rule is that, where a plaintiff has been successful, he
ought not to be deprived of his costs, or, at any rate, made to pay the costs
of the other side, unless he has been guilty of some sort of misconduct. In
applying that rule, however, it is necessary to decide whether the plaintiff
really has been successful, and I do not think that a plaintiff who recovers
nominal damages ought necessarily to be regarded in the ordinary sense of the
word as a “successful” plaintiff. In certain cases he may be, _e.g._ , where
part of the object of the action is to establish a legal right, wholly
irrespective of whether any substantial remedy is obtained. To that extent a
plaintiff who recovers nominal damages may properly be regarded as a
successful plaintiff, but it is necessary to examine the facts of each
particular case.

7 Ultimately, the facts of each case are important and it is not invariable
that a plaintiff who recovers only nominal damages will not get his costs. At
any rate, the judgment obtained was for more than nominal damages and I had no
difficulty treating the first and second plaintiffs as the successful party.
However, I was of the view that in the circumstances of the case, an
application of the “costs to follow the event” principle would be unfair and
unreasonable. My reasons are as follows.

8 The fact that nominal damages of S$10 and US$1m were awarded after a single
trial on liability and quantum was a reason for refusing the first and second
plaintiffs their full costs. The final outcome of the trial was a reflection
of the fact that the first and second plaintiffs had succeeded as to only a
relatively small part of the US$21m claimed by them. The trial took place over
a period of 20 days. The plaintiffs closed their case after 13 days of hearing
(equivalent to 65% of the trial time). Fortunately for them, the case they
sought to make in contract and/or negligence at trial was made and sustained
after evidence in relation to liability emerged from cross-examination in the
course of the third party proceedings. Similarly, the first and second
plaintiffs called no admissible evidence on damages. The first and second
plaintiffs should have, but did not appreciate, that they would not be able to
successfully prove damages. The evidential difficulty of proving the quantum
of their losses was present from the outset and continued throughout as the
long trial proceeded. To prove damages, the documents, which the first and
second plaintiffs relied upon, were contained in six lever arch files. The
defendants still had to evaluate the nature and quality of the evidence to
make their point on admissibility of the evidence. Of the 11 heads of damages,
the first and second plaintiffs were awarded nominal damages for all these
claims except for the BOP. Even so, in their claim for the replacement costs
of the BOP, the first and second plaintiffs were allowed a sum of US$1m (as
compared to their claim figure of US$6.5m) but that was based on evidence led
by the first defendant. As counsel for the first defendant observed, the first
and second plaintiffs, on their own evidence, failed to establish the quantum
of their losses. In the end, the first and second plaintiffs only succeeded in
“establishing” less than 5% of their claims as submitted. That result, coupled
with their conduct of the litigation involving rejection of much of the
evidence put forward for one reason or another, constituted sufficient grounds
to deny the first and second plaintiffs their full costs. An added
appreciation of the latter point can be gathered from the comments below.

9 There were other additional factors that further impinged on the question of
costs. In the main judgment, attention was drawn to the inordinate amount of
paperwork placed before the court and the indiscriminate manner in which the
first and second plaintiffs advanced their case. The first and second
plaintiffs exchanged affidavits of evidence-in-chief of ten witnesses of fact,
but they only called six to the stand. Their documents were contained in 60
lever arch files. As I stated in the main judgment, only a few documents were
actually referred to. Seemingly, the approach adopted was to “throw in
everything available” with little or no regard for saving costs and time. That
approach had also created and brought about the magnitude of the litigation
that was pursued before me. Courts have been known to deprive a successful
party of full costs because it was responsible for some “wasted costs”. The
court’s approach as to costs is intended to influence the manner in which
litigants advance or defend their case. Litigants have to be focused and
selective in the points taken, for it is decidedly foolhardy to assume that
they will be able to recover full costs as long as they win.

10 In _Chan Choy Ling v Chua Che Teck_ [1995] 3 SLR 667, the Court of Appeal
at 675, [23] highlighted the indiscriminate compilation of voluminous bundles
of documents (which contained more irrelevant than relevant documents) that
were placed before the appellate court. The appellant was deprived of costs
for or in connection with the preparation of those voluminous documents. See
also _L & M Airconditioning & Refrigeration (Pte) Ltd v SA Shee & Co (Pte)
Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR 482 at 488, [19] and [20].

11 In the present case, the first and second plaintiffs sought to justify the
overwhelming quantity of documents on the basis that they were required to
show that they had been compiling and storing information on the operations
and activities of the drill ship and its departments and that management had
acted on those documents. It was pointed out at [20] of the main judgment that
from the very outset, it was clear that the failure of the slip joint had
nothing to do with the drill ship’s safety procedure, practices or reporting.
The defendants were not asserting that a failure in safety or operational
procedures on board the _Energy Searcher_ had caused the failure of the slip
joint. It was common ground that the incident was due to equipment failure
which was a result of over-machining. The nub of the dispute was concerned
with identifying the fractured slip joint and finding the party responsible
for the defective workmanship. Thus, in the circumstances of this case, a
departure from the application of the “costs to follow the event” principle
was necessary to penalise the first and second plaintiffs who had not been
focused and selective as to the points they took and had unnecessarily or
unreasonably overburdened the proceedings and added to the costs thereof.

12 On 19 October 2005, the first defendant gave a “without prejudice” offer to
settle the claim. The first defendant argued that the first and second
plaintiffs had only recovered slightly more than the offer stated in its
Calderbank letter. I did not agree with the first defendant that the court
should take into account its without prejudice offer in determining costs. The
offer did not protect the first defendant’s costs position for it was not, in
my view, a Calderbank letter. A Calderbank letter is only available to a party
who could not have protected his position by payment into court because of the
nature of the claim (see _Singapore Court Practice 2005_ (LexisNexis, 2005) at
para 22A/1/1). This was not the case with the first defendant. There was no
apparent reason why the first defendant could not have made payment into
court. As an aside, I noticed that the without prejudice offer was for a
global figure of US$1m inclusive of interest and costs. It was inaccurate to
submit that the judgment sum was slightly more than the without prejudice
offer.

13 As between the first and second defendants, I awarded the first defendant
its costs of the third party proceedings. I also declared that the second
defendant should indemnify the first defendant to the extent of 50% of the
costs including disbursements payable to the first and second plaintiffs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

