Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue  
[2006] SGHC 93

Case Number | : | OS 1379/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer Merchant and Sophine Chin (Madhavan Partnership) for the plaintiff; Eric Chin Sze Choong and Ho Su Ching (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd — Collector of Land Revenue   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Ambit – Plaintiff's land compulsorily
acquired for "public purpose" under s 5(1) Land Acquisition Act – Plaintiff
challenging bona fides of acquisition – Whether conclusive evidence provision
in s 5(3) of Land Acquisition Act precluding court from questioning decision
of government authority – Sections 5(1), 5(3) Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Delay – Plaintiff's land compulsorily acquired – Plaintiff
compensated for acquisition of land and continuing to occupy land as licensee
after acquisition – Plaintiff seeking leave to apply for certiorari and
mandamus 22 years after acquisition of land – Whether plaintiff's application
made out of time – Whether satisfactory reason for plaintiff's delay in making
application existing – Order 53 r 1(6) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev
Ed)  
  
Land – Compulsory acquisitions – Plaintiff's land compulsorily acquired for
"public purpose" under s 5(1) Land Acquisition Act – Subsequent change in
purpose of land – Plaintiff alleging acquisition made in bad faith – Plaintiff
seeking leave to apply for certiorari and mandamus 22 years after acquisition
of land – Whether plaintiff proving prima facie case of reasonable suspicion
that bad faith existing – Section 5(1) Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  

16 June 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction and background**

1 The present proceedings concerned an application for leave to be granted to
the plaintiff to apply for an order of _certiorari_ as well as for an order of
_mandamus_. I held that leave could not be granted because the plaintiff had
not made its application within three months after the date of the proceeding
as set out in O 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed),
and that no satisfactory reason had been tendered by the plaintiff for such a
delay. On this ground alone, the application had to be dismissed.
Nevertheless, I further held that, in any event, the plaintiff had not
satisfied the very low threshold for leave to be granted as established in the
case law. It was clear that the power of acquisition was exercised by the
defendant in good faith and in accordance with the relevant requirements
stipulated in s 5 of the Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”). The plaintiff has appealed against my decision. I now set out the
detailed grounds for my decision.

2 As is customary, a brief rendition of the factual backdrop is not only
appropriate but also important.

3 The plaintiff was, until 26 February 1983, the owner of the land and
property thereon situated at Mukim 25 Lots 498, 348 and 350 at 20–22 Geylang
Road (“the land”). The land was gazetted for acquisition under s 5 of the Act
and the declaration to this effect was published in the _Government Gazette_
of 26 February 1983 (GN No 638/1983). In the declaration itself, it was stated
that the land was “needed for a public purpose, viz.: General Redevelopment”.
This was some 22 years ago. Compensation was in fact awarded to the plaintiff
based on the market value of the land as at 30 November 1973.

4 The main bone of contention, in so far as the plaintiff is concerned, is
that the land has, as the plaintiff in its statement to the originating
summons filed says, “been left in substantially its original physical
condition and has been licensed by the Respondent to the Applicants for the
Applicants’ occupation and use vide a license [_sic_] agreement in writing and
renewed periodically”; indeed, “[t]he licence has continued to date since the
compulsory acquisition of the land”. What is of interest in this regard is
that the plaintiff actually continued in occupation of the land as a licensee
throughout the 22-year period. It also had the use of the compensation
referred to in the preceding paragraph during this entire period. As we shall
see, it is prepared to return these moneys in return for the land. What it did
not highlight in its application was the fact that the present market value of
the land is far in excess of the original compensation it had received. It was
only after a query by the court that it was revealed by the plaintiff that,
even based on a rough desktop calculation, the present market value of the
land was extremely high indeed. This is not surprising, given both the intense
scarcity of land in Singapore (which is, incidentally, why the Act was
promulgated in the first instance), coupled with the remarkable economic
growth that has taken place in Singapore during the interim period which has
contributed to soaring land values.

5 I should add that the plaintiff was no babe in the woods. It is an
established company with considerable experience in property transactions. All
these facts – and more, as we shall see – are of great relevance in so far as
the present proceedings are concerned, especially since the plaintiff has
alleged, time and again, _ultra vires_ conduct as well as bad faith on the
part of the defendant throughout the present proceedings and has sought to
portray itself as an individual who has been treated most unfairly and
unjustly. Indeed, these last-mentioned allegations are serious ones and must
be addressed by the court whose task is, indeed, to ensure that justice and
fairness is in fact achieved – in particular, to ensure that there is no abuse
of power by the relevant government authorities (here, the Collector of Land
Revenue, Singapore). Any abuse of governmental power cannot – indeed, must not
– be tolerated; it must be ferreted out and eradicated forthwith if the very
idea as well as ideal of the rule of law is not to be undermined. Quite apart
from the fact that any such abuse is inherently repugnant to the very concept
as well as (more importantly) practice of justice and morality itself, any
such undermining would have serious and inimical implications on much broader
national as well as international levels. Indeed, as we shall see, the
plaintiff’s task in the present proceedings was especially straightforward.
This was an application for leave to apply for the orders concerned and, as I
shall point out below, entailed a relatively low standard of proof on the part
of the plaintiff.

6 Returning to the particulars in the present application, some 22 years after
the original acquisition of the land, the plaintiff filed, on 30 September
2005, an _ex parte_ originating summons for the following orders.

7 The first order sought, contained in prayer 1, was that:

The Applicants be granted leave of Court to apply for an Order of Certiorari
to quash the Declaration in the Gazette whereby the Applicants’ land in the
Gazette was compulsorily acquired for the “public purpose viz. General
Redevelopment”.

8 The second order sought, contained in prayer 2, was that:

The Applicants be granted leave to apply for an Order of Mandamus directing
the Respondent does [_sic_] convey, transfer and/or otherwise do all things
necessary to return the land to the Applicants in consideration of the refund
and/or repayment or payment by the Applicants to the Respondent of the monies
received as compensation for the said acquisition and/or for a declaration
that the acquisition be declared void and/or invalid and/or illegal and/or of
no effect and/or as if the said acquisition had not taken place in
consideration of the aforesaid (as applicable).

9 The third order sought, contained in prayer 3, was for:

[S]uch further or other orders and directions pursuant to the Order(s)
aforesaid, including but not limited to such consequential orders for the
rectification of the Registry of Deeds to reflect the conveyance and transfer
of the land to the Applicants, consideration to be furnished and gazetting of
the land to give effect to the aforesaid relief sought as necessary, be
granted or made as the Honourable Court deems fit and/or just.

10 As I have already mentioned, this application was one for _leave_ to apply
for the orders referred to above. The standard of proof, as I have also
alluded to above, was not one that would be required if this were the actual
substantive hearing itself. The legal principles applicable in proceedings
such as the present are well established. However, I need to consider, first,
a no less important threshold issue – was the application for leave in the
present proceedings out of time in the first instance?

**Was the application out of time?**

11 As alluded to at the outset of this judgment, the operative provision is O
53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court. Order 53 r 1 is reproduced in full to place
the aforesaid provision in context, as follows:

**No application for order of mandamus, etc., without leave (O. 53, r. 1)**

**1.** —(1) No application for an order of mandamus, prohibition or
_certiorari_ shall be made unless leave to make such an application has been
granted in accordance with this Rule.

(2) An application for such leave must be made by ex parte originating summons
and must be supported by a statement setting out the name and description of
the applicant, the relief sought and the grounds on which it is sought, and by
an affidavit, to be filed when the application is made, verifying the facts
relied on.

(3) The applicant must serve the ex parte originating summons, the statement
and the supporting affidavit not later than the preceding day on the Attorney-
General’s Chambers.

(4) The Judge may, in granting leave, impose such terms as to costs and as to
giving security as he thinks fit.

(5) The grant of leave under this Rule to apply for an order of prohibition or
an order of _certiorari_ shall, if the Judge so directs, operate as a stay of
the proceedings in question until the determination of the application or
until the Judge otherwise orders.

_(6) Notwithstanding the foregoing, leave shall not be granted to apply for an
order of_ certiorari _to remove any judgment, order, conviction or other
proceeding for the purpose of its being quashed, unless the application for
leave is made within 3 months after the date of the proceeding or such other
period (if any) as may be prescribed by any written law or, except where a
period is so prescribed, the delay is accounted for to the satisfaction of the
Judge to whom the application for leave is made; and where the proceeding is
subject to appeal and a time is limited by law for the bringing of the appeal,
the Judge may adjourn the application for leave until the appeal is determined
or the time for appealing has expired._

[emphasis added]

12 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Zaheer Merchant, tendered a rather ingenious
argument. I set out, at some length below, the relevant portion of the notes
of evidence where this argument is embodied – both for accuracy as well as
context:

Ct (Court): Move on to issue of delay?

PC (Plaintiff’s/ Applicant’s Counsel): _The 3 month period runs from the time
that we received_ _notice from the Ministry of Law. Also, they have made_
_reference to the licence agreement._ Pg 35 of affidavit of Mr Lim Teng Neng –
licence is a personal privilege. _We have no interest as licensees and
therefore there is no obligation or duty of the applicants to investigate the
plans the authorities have for the land. It was only in September last year,
upon realisation of these facts (that the change had taken place and that the
land was now residential), that solicitors were instructed to write to the
Ministry of Law to seek redress._ Refer to second submission, paras 20 and 21.

Ct: _When did the change take place?_

RC (Defendant’s/ Respondent’s Counsel):  _When the Kallang development guide
plan was issued in 1993._

Ct: _When ought the applicants to have written in to the Ministry of Law?_

PC: _When they were advised by the law firm._

Ct: _When ought the applicants to reasonably have sought advice from the law
firm?_

PC: _Is it reasonable for the applicants to have gone and investigated as bare
licensees? Ultimately, they relied on the licence and the terms of the
licence._

The 22 years that have passed has fortified their aggrievement.

RC: _The applicants had all the facts as of 1993._

_They are not ordinary men on the street; they are developers._

Ct: Assuming I am not with the applicant on the 3 month time-bar, is there any
reason why time should be extended in favour of the applicant?

PC: Because of the draconian nature in the acquisition and given that the
acquisition was irregular.

RC: There clearly are no grounds for time to be extended. There are clear
evidential difficulties. Acquisition is draconian by its very nature. The
question is not whether the decision is right or wrong, but whether time ought
to be extended as the applicant is out of time.

The applicant also received public funds put in good faith in their hands to
the tune of $4.2 million.

There are now three different zones on the land concerned – it is detrimental
to good administration to reverse everything when the government has gone to
so much trouble over the years to develop a seamless plan for the land
concerned.

[emphasis added]

13 As a general point (to which I shall return later in this judgment),
counsel for the plaintiff relied, in a not insignificant manner throughout the
hearing, on the fact that the plaintiff had suffered a terrible injustice
because nothing had ostensibly been done with the property for 22 years. As I
have already mentioned above, and as counsel for the defendant, Mr Eric Chin,
also indicated in the notes of evidence set out above, the plaintiff is no
babe in the woods. It is a commercial entity which in fact ensured that it
obtained the maximum compensation it could for the acquisition of slightly in
excess of $4m – a significant sum now and an even more significant sum then,
the use of which the plaintiff has had for the exact same period the plaintiff
claims it had suffered so (_viz_ , 22 years). Leaving aside irrelevant emotive
factors, the question that faces this court squarely in so far as the first
issue of _timing_ is concerned is this: _when ought the plaintiff to have
applied for leave, noting (once again) that they only did so 22 years after
the property had been acquired?_ Looked at in this light, the period of 22
years is a double-edged sword and therefore not as useful to the plaintiff as
it would have us think.

14 The plaintiff’s response to the crucial question posed towards the end of
the preceding paragraph is clear from the material part of the notes of
evidence set out above. Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the three-month
period under O 53 r 1(6) only began to run from the date they received a
response from the Ministry of Law (on 13 July 2005). A moment’s reflection
would reveal that such an argument, whilst attractive at first blush, is
wholly unpersuasive and even illogical if we take as the general starting
point (as we must) that the argument has to be imbued with the quality of
balance that is (in turn) the hallmark of justice and fairness. Let me
elaborate.

15 If counsel for the plaintiff’s argument set out in the preceding paragraph
is accepted, this would mean that the three-month period pursuant to O 53 r
1(6) would run _only from a date that was entirely within the control and at
the behest of the plaintiff – and no other_. This is because no reasonable
person would expect the Ministry of Law to respond to the plaintiff simply
because _the Ministry could not possibly respond to a complaint of which it
had no notice_. To rule otherwise would be to throw logic, common sense and
justice as well as fairness in one fell swoop out of the window. The
plaintiff’s argument in this regard is wholly unacceptable. What, for example,
if the plaintiff (a company) had decided to file a similar application 20
years from now? Or 100 years from now?

16 However, as I have alluded to above, the key focus ought always to be on
balancing the rights of the plaintiff and the defendant. To this end, it is my
view that _the three-month period under O 53 r 1(6)_ _ought to run from the
time the Ministry of Law responded to an inquiry by the plaintiff, and such an
inquiry ought to have been sent to the Ministry at a time when a reasonable
person in the plaintiff’s position would have sent it_. It will be seen
immediately that counsel for the plaintiff got it, with respect, “half-right”.
Getting something “half-right” is of course a contradiction in terms.
Something is either “right” or “wrong”. As the old adage goes, “a miss is as
good as a mile” and so getting something “half-right” is, in substance and
effect, _not_ getting it right at all. In the specific context of the facts of
the present proceedings, counsel for the defendant, having correctly stated
that the three-month period under O 53 r 1(6) ought to run from the date a
response is received by the Ministry of Law, omitted to state what the other
element of the “equation” was and which I have just referred to – that the
crucial point is when _the plaintiff itself_ ought to have contacted the
Ministry of Law. When I posed this question to counsel for the defendant, it
can be seen from the extract from the notes of evidence above that two rather
vague and general points were, with respect, made in response.

17 First, counsel for the plaintiff argued that the plaintiff, being a mere
licensee, had “no interest as licensees and therefore there is no obligation
or duty of the applicants to investigate the plans the authorities have for
the land”. This is, in my view, a wholly unacceptable argument. The plaintiff
was, putting it crudely but accurately in my view, desiring to have its cake
and eat it. It is presently seeking the leave of court to assert its _rights_.
However, it is only just and fair, as well as logical and commonsensical, that
if a party wishes to assert its rights, it must also fulfil its corresponding
_duties_. Rights and duties are virtually always mirror images – correlatives
in the enterprise which we call the law. Even if there are rare instances when
rights and duties are not correlatives, this is certainly not one of those
instances. The argument by the plaintiff to the effect that its status as a
licensee was sufficient to enable it to drag its heels and choose the time
when it sought to impugn the original acquisition of its property flew in the
face of logic, common sense as well as justice and fairness.

18 Secondly, counsel for the plaintiff argued that the plaintiff only
consulted its solicitors when it had discovered (in _September 2004_) that
“the change had taken place and that the land was now residential”. It then
wrote to the Ministry of Law (_via_ its solicitors) on 7 September 2004. At
this juncture, it must be said that this argument was rather strange. If there
were now concrete plans for the property concerned, was that not an indication
that the acquisition was not made in bad faith? (I do pause to note,
parenthetically and in fairness to counsel for the plaintiff, that the
plaintiff did seek to make out an argument that this change was itself
evidence of bad faith – an argument which I rejected (see [47]–[49] below) but
which does not impact unfairly on the plaintiff’s case at this particular
point in the judgment). Ought the plaintiff not to have challenged the
acquisition _before_ this change took place? Also, since the change itself
took place (as counsel for the defendant pointed out) in _1993_ (when the
Kallang development guide plan was issued), is it not now far too late for the
plaintiff to mount any challenge in any event? One key question, which I
indeed posed, was this: when ought the plaintiff to have written in to the
Ministry of Law? Not surprisingly, counsel for the plaintiff replied that the
plaintiff ought to have written in “[w]hen they were advised by the law firm”.
This led to another key question, which I also posed: when ought the plaintiff
to have reasonably sought advice from the law firm? At this point, and not
surprisingly perhaps, counsel for the appellant had _no proper response_ , and
here I reproduce (once again) his response:

Is it reasonable for the applicants to have gone and investigated as bare
licensees? Ultimately, they relied on the licence and the terms of the
licence.

19 Given that I have already dealt with the duty of the plaintiff above (at
[17]), this was not a satisfactory response at all.

20 What, then, _is_ the appropriate timeframe? Here, I reiterate what I had
stated earlier (at [16]): _the three-month period under O 53 r 1(6)_ _ought to
run from the time the Ministry of Law responded to an inquiry by the
plaintiff, and such an inquiry ought to have been sent to the Ministry at a
time when a reasonable person in the plaintiff’s position would have sent it_.
When a reasonable person in the plaintiff’s position would have sent such an
inquiry depends, of course, on the precise factual matrix and context. What
_is_ clear, in the context of the present proceedings, however, is that _the
plaintiff was clearly out of time_. In my view, the plaintiff ought, _by 1993
at the latest_ , to have made the necessary inquiry (see [18] above). _This
was more than a decade ago_. If so, it is inconceivable that the Ministry of
Law would have taken over a decade to respond had the plaintiff sent an
inquiry to it at that time or shortly thereafter. And from the time the
Ministry did in fact respond, the three-month period under O 53 r 1(6) would,
in my view, have begun to run. In this regard, I also note the pertinent
observation by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was), delivering the judgment of
the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd v Soh Siong Wai_
[1989] SLR 150 (“ _Basco_ ”) at 158, [19] that a material circumstance which
points to the lack of _bona fides_ on the part of a plaintiff’s claim is its
delay in making it. Indeed, I shall have occasion to return to the issue of
the plaintiff’s own _bona fides_ later on in this judgment.

21 It is clear that the present application is clearly out of time and the
application therefore fails on this ground without more. However, as I have
mentioned, I will (in deference to the arguments set out by counsel for both
parties) deal with the situation on the assumption (which I do _not_ of course
accept) that the application was not out of time. As I have also mentioned
above, the application would also fail in any event for the reasons which I
now turn to.

**Was the standard of proof for the granting of leave satisfied?**

22**** Assuming that the present application was not out of time (which I have
found is _not_ the case), would the plaintiff have satisfied the relatively
low standard of proof for the granting of leave?

23**** The requisite standard of proof has been set out, in the local context,
by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v Minister for
Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR 609, as follows (_per_ Karthigesu JA,
delivering the judgment of the court at 615–616, [21]–[25]):

21 The next question concerns what test the court is to apply at the
application for leave stage. We start with Lord Diplock’s speech in _IRC v
National Federation of Self-Employed_ [1981] 2 All ER 93 at p 106:

My Lords, at the threshold stage, for the federation to make out _a prima
facie case of reasonable suspicion_ that the Board in showing a discriminatory
leniency to a substantial class of taxpayers had done so for ulterior reasons
extraneous to good management, and thereby deprived the national exchequer of
considerable sums of money, constituted what was in my view reason enough for
the divisional court to consider that the federation, or, for that matter, any
taxpayer, had sufficient interest to apply to have the question whether the
Board were acting ultra vires reviewed by the court. The whole purpose of
requiring that leave should first be obtained to make the application for
judicial review would be defeated if the court were to go into the matter in
any depth at that stage. If, on a quick perusal of the material then
available, the court thinks that it discloses _what might on further
consideration turn out to be an arguable case_ in favour of granting to the
applicant the relief claimed, it ought, in the exercise of a judicial
discretion, to give him leave to apply for that relief. The discretion that
the court is exercising at this stage is not the same as that which it is
called on to exercise when all the evidence is in and the matter has been
fully argued at the hearing of the application. [Emphasis added.]

22  **_This passage appears susceptible to two slightly different
interpretations. One is that the court should quickly peruse the material put
before it and consider whether such material discloses ‘what might on further
consideration turn out to be an arguable case’. The other is that the
applicant had to make out a ‘prima facie case of reasonable suspicion’. In our
view, both tests present a very low threshold and it is questionable whether
there is really any difference in substance between the two
interpretations._**

23 In _R v Commissioner for the Special Purposes of the Income Tax Acts, ex p
Stipplechoice Ltd_ [1985] 2 All ER 465, the English Court of Appeal held that
the applicant had shown ‘a good arguable case’ and has thus, ‘established a
prima facie case’ for judicial review. Leave was then granted in that case
despite the applicant having twice been refused leave below. It appears that
in _Re Application by Dow Jones (Asia) Inc_ , TS Sinnathuray J applied the
same test of whether there is an arguable case. It is again questionable
whether there is any difference between this test and the one stated in the
paragraph above.

24 However, in the Malaysian case of _George John v Goh Eng Wah Bros Filem Sdn
Bhd & Ors_ [1988] 1 MLJ 319, Lim Beng Choon J appeared to have applied the
following test:

Another requirement at this stage of the proceeding which a court has to
consider is that the applicant must produce sufficient evidence to sustain a
prima facie case that a public officer or authority that made the decision had
acted unlawfully or that he or it had in its exercise of discretion acted
ultra vires the power given to him or it under the relevant statute.

25 This case was relied on by Mr Reddy [counsel for the respondent]. In our
view, if this case seeks to impose a higher threshold than that of an arguable
case, then we ought not to follow it. This is because it would be against the
weight of the other authorities. What is required is not a prima facie case,
but a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion. If the latter can be shown,
then it cannot be said that the application must necessarily fail, for there
would then appear to be an ‘arguable case’.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24**** Hence, the requisite threshold of proof comprises “a very low
threshold”. In the context of the present proceedings, therefore, the
plaintiff must establish “what might on further consideration turn out to be
an arguable case” or a “prima facie case of reasonable suspicion” in its
favour. However, I should pause at this juncture to state that this “very low
threshold” does not mean that the evidence and arguments placed before this
court could be either skimpy or vague. In my view, the fullest evidence and
strongest arguments ought indeed to be placed before this court. However, in
making its assessment as to whether or not leave should be granted entails, in
the words of Lord Diplock in _IRC v National Federation of Self-Employed_ (as
quoted above), this court making “a quick perusal” of the available material,
without going into depth into the issues concerned. At _that_ point, the
plaintiff ought to have demonstrated, not a _prima facie_ case, as such, but
(rather) “a prima facie case of _reasonable suspicion_ ” [emphasis added] (see
[23] above). Or, to reiterate the criterion repeated at the outset of this
paragraph, the plaintiff must establish “what might on further consideration
turn out to be an arguable case”.

25 It is my view, having had a quick or cursory look at the available evidence
and arguments placed before me by both parties, that the plaintiff does _not_
meet even this low threshold standard. On the contrary (and as we shall see),
what evidence as is available suggests (even on a quick or cursory look) the
_precise opposite_. Indeed, as I shall elaborate upon below, it is the
_plaintiff_ who appears to have engaged (or indulged, rather) in a speculative
attempt to make a profit, without any regard for the underlying rationale of
the Act and the public policy (and, more importantly, public benefit)
underlying the said Act. This was, although I am loathe to say so, a blatant
attempt at private profiteering in total disregard of the wider public
benefit. This is, in my view, rather worrying, to say the least. If such a
trend is permitted to continue, it would undermine and even damage irreparably
an important part of the legal as well socio-economic fabric that has hitherto
contributed so very much to the economic prosperity and social advancement of
Singapore. And this is not mere “policymaking” by this (or any other) court.
It is merely to state as well as to recognise the intention of Parliament in
promulgating the Act. It is undeniable that the Act was – and continues to be
– a vital piece of legislation with (as I have just mentioned) important
socio-economic purposes. To disregard this would be to not only shut one’s
eyes to practical reality but also (and more importantly) to the duty placed
on this court to administer justice according to the law. So much by way of
preliminary (albeit important) observations. I turn now to the arguments of
the plaintiff itself.

26 Much turned on s 5 of the Act itself, which I therefore now reproduce in
full, as follows:

**Notification that land is required for specific purposes.**

**5.** —(1) Whenever any particular land is needed —

(_a_) for any public purpose;

(_b_) by any person, corporation or statutory board, for any work or an
undertaking which, in the opinion of the Minister, is of public benefit or of
public utility or in the public interest; or

(_c_) for any residential, commercial or industrial purposes,

the President may, by notification published in the _Gazette_ , declare the
land to be required for the purpose specified in the notification.

(2) Such a notification shall state —

(_a_) the town subdivision or mukim in which the land is situated;

(_b_) the lot number of the land, its approximate area and all other
particulars necessary for identifying it; and

(_c_) if a plan has been made of the land, the place and time where and when
the plan may be inspected.

(3) The notification shall be conclusive evidence that the land is needed for
the purpose specified therein as provided in subsection (1).

27 The arguments tendered by counsel for the plaintiff were, with respect,
rather lengthy and repetitive. However, I pause here to note that this was due
to the fact that I afforded the plaintiff every opportunity to place all its
evidence and arguments before the court. On a more general level, this is in
fact what due process in the context of the adversary system requires – that
all parties be given a fair hearing which, in turn, entails the counsel
concerned being given the fullest opportunity to render their arguments on
behalf of their respective clients. Even then, it was clear (as I have already
mentioned) that the plaintiff could not satisfy the very low threshold for
leave to be granted by the present court.

28 In essence, counsel for the plaintiff argued that there had been _bad
faith_ on the part of the defendant. The various alleged manifestations of bad
faith took many forms and I shall come to them in a moment. However, one
thread that permeated the present proceedings was the fact that the defendant
had been remiss in not doing anything with the land for the past 22 years. I
therefore deal with this general point first.

29 An important issue that arises right at the outset is this: why, then, did
_the plaintiff itself_ wait for 22 years before alleging bad faith on the part
of the defendant? In other words, the argument from lapse of time is a double-
edged sword. Having regard to my findings above, it is clear that, if at all,
it was _the plaintiff_ who was remiss in so far as the issue of delay is
concerned. I will not reiterate my reasoning, which has already been rendered
above when considering the question as to whether or not the application in
the present proceedings was out of time in the first instance.

30 Before I turn to the more specific arguments tendered by counsel for the
plaintiff, it would be apposite to consider the conclusive evidence provision
as embodied in s 5(3) of the Act and as reproduced above (at [26]). Taking the
language of the provision on its face, the meaning is clear: the notification
is conclusive evidence that the land is needed for the purpose specified
therein and which satisfies one or more of the purposes set out in s 5(1)
itself (also reproduced above at [26]). Section 5(3) is in fact consistent
with the underlying rationale and purpose of the Act itself and, in
particular, with the idea that the relevant government authority is in the
best position to determine whether or not the land concerned is required for
one or more of the purposes set out in s 5(1). That this has always been the
case has been acknowledged, time and again, in the case law. At this juncture,
I should point out that the Act had its origins in Indian legislation,
although it has now been modified to take into account the unique needs of
Singapore (see generally, N Khublall, _Compulsory Land Acquisition – Singapore
and Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1994) (“Khublall”) at p 8). In
particular, the corresponding Indian legislation in many Indian states has the
exact equivalent of s 5(3) of the Act. Hence, the relevant Indian case law is,
in my view, relevant. As already alluded to, this case law underscores the
proposition just referred to to the effect that the government is in the best
position to determine the purpose(s) for which a particular piece of land is
to be acquired (which are all facets of the basic concept of “public
purpose”). The cases are too numerous to enumerate here and it must suffice
for our present purposes to refer to the relevant pages in the leading Indian
textbooks (see, for example, Justice G C Mathur, _V G Ramachandran’s Law of
Land Acquisition and Compensation_ (Eastern Book Company, 8th Ed, 1995) (“
_Ramachandran_ ”) at pp 323–324); P K Sarkar, _Law of Acquisition of Land in
India (Including Requisition & Acquisition of Immovable Property)_ (Eastern
Law House, 1998) (“Sarkar”) at pp 12, 104 and 211); D N Sen, _A Ghosh’s Laws
of Compulsory Acquisition & Compensation in India and The Land Acquisition
Act, 1894_ (R Cambray & Co Private Ltd, 8th Ed, 1995) (“ _Ghosh_ ”) at pp
109-111; and Harbans Lal Sarin & M L Sarin, _Aggarwala’s Compulsory
Acquisition of Land in India_ (The University Book Agency, 7th Ed, 1995) (“
_Aggarwala_ ”) at pp 258–259).

31 Indeed, it has been held that even where there is _no_ provision equivalent
to s 5(3) of the Act, this will still be the case. In the oft-cited Privy
Council decision on appeal from the Supreme Court of Ceylon in _Wijeyesekera v
Festing_ [1919] AC 646, Lord Finlay, who delivered the judgment of the Board,
observed thus (at 649):

It appears to their Lordships that the decision of the Governor that the land
is wanted for public purposes is final, and was intended to be final, and
could not be questioned in any Court.

32 In this particular case, the material provisions were ss 4 and 6 of Ceylon
Ordinance No 3 of 1876. Section 4 provided thus:

Whenever it shall appear to the Governor that land in any locality is likely
to be needed for any public purpose, it shall be lawful for the Governor to
direct the Surveyor-General or other officer generally or specially authorized
by the Governor in this behalf, to examine such land and report whether the
same is fitted for such purpose.

33 And s 6 of the same Ordinance provided as follows:

The Surveyor-General, or other officer so authorized as aforesaid, shall then
make his report to the Governor, whether the possession of the land is needed
for the purposes for which it appeared likely to be needed as aforesaid. _And
upon the receipt of such report it shall be lawful for the Governor, with the
advice of the Executive Council, to direct the Government Agent to take order
for the acquisition of the land._ [emphasis added]

34 Lord Finlay observed thus ([31] _supra_ at 649):

The whole case is decided, in the opinion of their Lordships, in the last
three lines of s.6 of the Ordinance: “And upon the receipt of such report it
shall be lawful for the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to
direct the Government agent to take order for the acquisition of the land.”
When you have an enactment of that kind it shows that it was intended that the
decision of the Governor in Executive Council on the point should be binding.

35 It will be seen that _nowhere_ in the Ceylon Ordinance is there the
equivalent of s 5(3) of the Act. Looked at in this light, Lord Finlay’s
observations as reproduced above (at [31]) are particularly significant since
the _substance_ of s 5(3) of the Act has in fact been _implied or read into_
the context and matrix of the Ceylon Ordinance itself. Indeed, the holding in
this decision and (more importantly) observation contained in the last-
mentioned sentence were highlighted by Chua J in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Galstaun v Attorney-General_ [1980–1981] SLR 345 (“ _Galstaun_
”). The learned judge observed thus (at 346–347, [9]–[10]):

The Government is the proper authority for deciding what a public purpose is.
When the Government declares that a certain purpose is a public purpose it
must be presumed that the Government is in possession of facts which induce
the Government to declare that the purpose is a public purpose.

In _Vijeyesekera v Festing_ [1919] AC 646, their Lordships of the Privy
Council observed that the decision of the Governor of Ceylon on the question
whether land was needed or not for public purpose was final _even though in
the Land Acquisition Ordinance of Ceylon there was no conclusive section
corresponding to our section 5(3) of the Act._

[emphasis added]

36 However, does that mean that s 5(3) of the Act cannot be questioned in any
court? This is not an implausible proposition, having regard to the nature and
policy of the Act itself. However, _bad faith_ , particularly in the
_governmental_ context, does not sit easily in any (and, especially, the
modern-day) context. In my view, and viewing the matter from the particular
perspective of land acquisition in the Singapore context, it is imperative
that a _balance_ be found in the tension between ensuring that the purposes of
the Act and the ensuing public benefit are achieved on the one hand and
ensuring that there is no abuse of power on the other. In this regard, it is
important to note that the Act was promulgated not only for the public benefit
but also because land is an extremely scarce and therefore valuable resource
in the Singapore context. These are in fact inextricably related reasons. This
being the case, it is clear why much more latitude and flexibility is given to
governmental authorities. As a corollary, it is not the task of the courts to
sit as makers of policy. This would in fact be the very antithesis of what the
courts ought to do. But latitude and flexibility stops where abuse of power
begins. Such abuse of power is most commonly equated with the concept of _bad
faith_. At this point, the courts must – and will – step in. But, in the
nature of both the concept itself, such abuse of power will not be assumed
(let alone be found) at the slightest drop of a hat. It is a serious
allegation. There must be proof. In proceedings such as these, there must be
sufficient evidence, produced in its appropriate context, that establishes
that a “prima facie case of reasonable suspicion” of bad faith exists.

37 The leading decision that tells us when the courts can interfere, even in
the face of the very clear language of s 5(3) of the Act, is the Malaysian
Privy Council decision of _Syed Omar bin Abdul Rahman Taha Alsagoff v The
Government of the State of Johore_ [1979] 1 MLJ 49 (“ _Syed Omar_ ”), where
Viscount Dilhorne, delivering the judgment of the Board, observed as follows
(at 50):

_Section 8(3)_ , as has been said, provides that the Declaration shall be
conclusive evidence that all the scheduled land is needed for the purpose
specified therein. While it may be possible to treat a Declaration made
pursuant to this subsection as a nullity if it be shown that the acquiring
authority has misconstrued its statutory powers (see **_Anisminic v Foreign
Compensation Commission_**[[1969] 2 AC 147]) or that the purpose stated in the
Declaration does not come within s 3, _in the absence of_ _bad faith_ , which
in the instant case is negatived by concurrent findings of fact in the courts
below, this subsection renders it not possible to challenge its validity by
asserting that some of the land to which it relates is not needed for the
purposes stated or that the land is in fact wanted for purposes other than
those specified. Consequently the fact that the lands listed in the Schedule
amounted to some 5,700 acres when the total area of the State Development
Officer’s original requirements was 2,000 acres does not help the appellants,
nor can it really be contended that the purposes stated in the Declaration do
not come within section 3. [emphasis added]

38 Section 8(3) of the Malaysian Land Acquisition Act 1960 (Act 486), referred
to in the above quotation, is of course the equivalent of s 5(3) of the
Singapore Act. More importantly, the emphasis of the Board was on the need for
there to be a finding of _bad faith_ on the part of the acquiring authority
before the courts would go behind the notification, notwithstanding the
provisions in s 8(3). Instances of this (indicated in the above quotation)
include the acquiring authority having misconstrued its statutory powers or
the purpose stated in the declaration issued by the acquiring authority not
coming within any of the purposes of the statute (here, the equivalent of s
5(1) of the Act).

39 The principles laid down in _Syed Omar_ have since been re-affirmed in
subsequent cases. In the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _S Kulasingam v
Commissioner of Lands, Federal Territory_ [1982] 1 MLJ 204, for example,
Abdoolcader J, delivering the judgment of the court, observed thus (at 211):

The conclusive evidence clause in section 8(3) which we have mentioned in
effect provides that the decision of the State Authority that the land is
needed for the purpose specified under section 8(1) is final and conclusive
and cannot be questioned (_Wijeyeskera v Festing_ [see also above at [31]]).
The Privy Council however held in _Syed Omar Alsagoff & Anor._ v. _Government
of the State of Johore_ (at page 50) that it may be possible to treat a
declaration under section 8 as a nullity if it be shown that the acquiring
authority has misconstrued its statutory powers _or_ that the purpose stated
therein does not come within section 3 _or if bad faith can be established_.
The purpose of the acquisition can therefore be questioned _but only to this
extent_. [emphasis added]

40 Read literally, the above passage just quoted would appear to have
introduced a slight modification inasmuch as it suggests that bad faith is a
separate and distinct ground for questioning the purpose of the acquisition,
notwithstanding the presence of s 8(3) of the Malaysian Land Acquisition Act
(or s 5(3) of the Act). However, as I have suggested above (at [38]), the
former two instances mentioned in the preceding paragraph appear to be
particular instances or examples of bad faith which, by its very nature, is a
much broader umbrella category. Be that as it may, it does not really make
much difference, in my view, in so far as the substance and justice of the
inquiry is concerned. Indeed, counsel for the defendant did not question the
decision in _Syed Omar_ but, on the contrary, endorsed it as demonstrating the
proposition that, notwithstanding s 5(3) of the Act, the court can set aside
(or, in this case, grant leave to commence proceedings to set aside) an
acquisition that was tainted by bad faith. That this is the law in the Indian
context as well has been emphatically stated in the leading textbooks, citing
numerous cases as authority (see, for example, _Ramachandran_ at pp 321–327;
Sarkar at pp 109–111, 208–209 and 354–357; _Ghosh_ at pp 206–207 and 214–215;
and _Aggarwala_ at pp 242, 246, 257–265). Needless to say, counsel for the
plaintiff relied on _Syed Omar_ as well. Finally, it should be noted that
_Syed Omar_ was itself also cited in _Galstaun_ ([35] _supra_).

41 However, it should be acknowledged that an allegation of bad faith is a
_serious_ one that, even in applications for leave (such as is the case here),
ought to be treated accordingly. Indeed, in the Malaysian Privy Council
decision of _Yeap Seok Pen v Government of the State of Kelantan_ [1986] 1 MLJ
449, Lord Griffiths, delivering the judgment of the Board, emphasised (at 453)
that “the burden … lay upon him who asserted bad faith to at least establish a
_prima facie_ case”. The learned law lord proceeded to observe as follows (see
_ibid_):

This is the correct approach. He who asserts bad faith has the burden of
proving it, mere suspicion is not enough. In deciding whether the burden is
discharged, the court will consider all the evidence before it, including any
explanation given by the Minister and any inference to be drawn from the
failure to give an explanation.

42 In the context of the present application (which related to one for leave),
the burden would of course be to establish (as I have repeatedly mentioned) a
“prima facie case of reasonable suspicion” of bad faith only. However, this
would entail more than mere assertion and/or the adduction of merely scanty
evidence without more.

43 Turning, then, to more specific arguments tendered by counsel for the
plaintiff in which bad faith on the part of the defendant was alleged, it was
first argued that the power to acquire the land was “exercised arbitrarily”
and that the “[o]nly inference is that plaintiff’s land was acquired for
resale”.[note: 1] As counsel for the defendant pertinently pointed out
(together with an affidavit from Sim Hwee Hong (a planner working in the Urban
Redevelopment Authority) and, more importantly, the exhibits appended
thereto), the land had always been intended for public use. Referring to the
1985 Master Plan, counsel for the defendant pointed out that the zoning for
the land had been changed into a comprehensive development area (compared to
the 1980 Master Plan, where the lands that surrounded the land in question
which was acquired subsequently in 1983 were zoned for industry).[note: 2]
Subsequently, and pursuant to the 1998 Master Plan, the land had been rezoned
into three different types of zones – part residential, part open space and
part beach area, which is still the current position as of today.[note: 3]
Indeed, counsel for the defendant further pointed out that, in addition to a
beach area, “[p]ark connectors move seamlessly through [the plaintiff’s]
land”.[note: 4] These documents in fact spoke for themselves. There is
absolutely no evidence whatsoever to suggest that the land had been acquired
for resale without more.

44 Secondly, counsel for the plaintiff argued that as the land was needed for
residential purposes, it should have been acquired under s 5(1)(_c_) instead
of s 5(1)(_a_) of the Act. This particular argument did not seem to me to have
any merit at all, even on a cursory consideration which was all that I was
supposed to do, given the nature of the present proceedings. Let me elaborate.

45 In the first instance, and as I have already mentioned, the land was _not_
in fact _originally_ zoned for residential purposes. In point of fact, the
land is part of a comprehensive development area (which now includes
residential purposes). Given the variegated nature of the plans, all that
remains for me is to ascertain whether such plans are intended for a “public
purpose” (it will be recalled that in the original declaration itself, it was
stated that the land was “needed for a public purpose, viz.: General
Development”). Section 5(1)(_a_) itself clearly and unambiguously states that
land can be acquired for “ _any_ public purpose” [emphasis added]. No
reasonable person would argue that the plans just mentioned are not intended
for a public purpose. Indeed, it would appear that the plans would serve
_many_ public purposes. The Kallang area, in which the plaintiff’s land is
situated, has been zoned for a number of public purposes. As I have noted, the
land itself has been zoned into at least three different zones. On this ground
alone, the plaintiff’s argument has no merit whatsoever.

46 In any event, it is clear, in my view, that an even cursory reading of s
5(1) indicates, _inter alia_ , that there is a clear overlap amongst the limbs
contained therein. In particular, it is clear that s 5(1)(_a_), as the
broadest limb, would also encompass the more specific situations under ss
5(1)(_b_) and 5(1)(_c_). Contrary to counsel for the plaintiff’s argument, I
do not see anything untoward in having such an overlap. Indeed, as we shall
see, there is at least a possible argument that s 5(1)(_c_) might not be
rendered otiose inasmuch as it might cover situations that lie beyond the
sphere of the public purpose (see [50] below). I also note the decision of
Arulanandom J in the Malaysian High Court decision of _Yew Lean Finance
Development (M) Sdn Bhd v Director of Lands & Mines, Penang_ [1977] 2 MLJ 45,
where it was held, first, that the word “any” in the Malaysian equivalent of s
5(1)(_a_) of the Act was _not_ confined to the singular; in the learned
judge’s words (at 47):

It is quite clear from this interpretation that “any” does not mean the
singular and that it is not necessary for parliament to say “any” or “all” to
allow the plural. The State Authority’s right to choose the particular purpose
or purposes is neither restricted nor limited by the Act. To substitute “all”
for “any” would lead to absurdity as the purposes of acquisition may be for
only a few specific purposes. The discretion therefore is left with the State
Authority to choose an area of land for whatever purpose or purposes it needs
to acquire it. Again, to interpret the Act so as to read that each particular
purpose for each particular lot of land must be specified in the notice of
intended acquisition would also lead to absurdity. One of the canons of
construction is that there is a presumption against interpretation of words
which interpretation would lead to inconvenience, injustice, absurdity or
unreasonableness. The State Authority may acquire an area for a public
purpose. The area may necessarily consist of different lots of different sizes
and different shapes. The object of the acquisition may be to create an
industrial estate with the necessary infrastructure. This would mean that
parts of the scheduled land, I repeat scheduled land, and not specific lots,
may be used for the construction of factories, part of the land for
construction of the roads, part of the land for constructing drains, part of
the land for constructing residential houses, part for schools, _ad
infinitum_. In order to derive the maximum benefit from all the lands it would
only be possible to do the planning after the Government has acquired and
taken possession of the land. For the Notice of Intended Acquisition to
specify what particular purpose any particular lot would be put to would be to
court absurdity and unreasonableness. It has been made very clear by the
evidence given on behalf of the defendants that it would not be possible or
practical to specify the exact purpose of any particular lot. The court is
wholly in agreement with this statement. Furthermore, apart from this being
impractical, it does not help the plaintiffs in any way for, if the land is
acquired for a public purpose they have no choice but to surrender the land to
the Government, and it is immaterial to them for what purpose the land is
being used, as long as it is for a public purpose. It may be that these
acquisitions mean individual hardship is caused to individuals but in
considering these matters one must realise that individual issues cannot
outweigh demand for public benefit.

As, if not more, importantly, are Arulanandom J’s following observations which
merit extensive quotation as follows (at 48):

Counsel for the plaintiffs also urged before me that the word “or” in s 3 of
the Act should be read disjunctively. I can only refer to _Maxwell On
Interpretation of Statutes_ page 232 under the heading, “And” or “or”, which
states:-

“In ordinary usage ‘and’ is conjunctive and ‘or’ disjunctive. But to carry out
the intention of the legislature it may be necessary to read ‘and’ in place of
the conjunction ‘or,’ and vice versa.”

An example is provided by the Bankruptcy Act, 1603, which made it an act of
bankruptcy for a trader to leave his dwelling-house “to the intent, or whereby
his creditors shall or may be defeated or delayed.” If construed literally,
this would have exposed to bankruptcy every trader who left his home, even for
an hour, if a creditor called during his absence for payment. This absurd
consequence was avoided by reading “or” as “and” so that an absence from home
was an act of bankruptcy only when coupled with the design of delaying or
defeating creditors.

Therefore in this case the State Authority need not confine its acquisition of
land for purposes which come under one head only, **_i.e.,_** either under
3(a), 3(b) or 3(c). They may use either head individually or may combine one
or two of them as the case may be. Not to allow the interpretation of “or” as
capable of meaning “and” would lead to an absurd construction of the section.
Furthermore to read “and” for “or” in section 3 of the Act would again lead to
absurdity because it would mean that the State Authority would only be able to
acquire land if all these limbs of section 3 were satisfied. The only
intelligent reading of section 3 would be to give the State Authority right
either to acquire land under one limb, of section 3(a), (b) or even part of
the limb of section 3(c), or to combine more than one of these purposes at the
time of the acquisition.

Reference may also be made to the (also) Malaysian High Court decision of
_United Malacca Rubber Estates Bhd v Pentadbir Tanah Daerah Johor Bahru_
[1997] 4 MLJ 1 at 15–16.

47 It is also clear, in my view, that if there has been a change of purpose
over time, that is itself not evidence of bad faith – so long as the original
purpose was not itself tainted by bad faith. It was not, for instance, argued
by counsel for the plaintiff that the original acquisition was colourable in
the sense that there was no intention to acquire the land for a public
purpose. This would be the case where, for example, it was actually acquired
because some individual within the authority had a grudge against the
plaintiff or someone associated therewith and had initiated the acquisition of
out of malice or revenge. Nor was it argued that the subsequent change of
purpose was tainted by bad faith. This would be the case where, for example,
there was a change to a purpose that was clearly intended to benefit a private
individual. A blatant instance of this would be where the purpose was changed
because there had been a covert and corrupt deal between a government official
and a private individual. The situation in the present proceedings was, in
distinct contrast, clear and clearly above board. Indeed, as Krishna Iyer J,
delivering the judgment of the Indian Supreme Court in _Gulam Mustafa v The
State of Maharashtra_ AIR 1977 Supreme Court 448, put it (at 449):

There is no principle of law by which a valid compulsory acquisition stands
voided because long later the requiring authority diverts it to a public
purpose other than the one stated in the … declaration.

(See also the (also) Indian Supreme Court decision of _Mangal Oram v State of
Orissa_ AIR 1977 Supreme Court 1456 at 1459).

48 Counsel for the defendant also cited _Basco_ as illustrating this
proposition to the effect that a change of purpose (in that case, from urban
redevelopment to conservation and preservation) was neither illegal nor bad.
In _Basco_ , it was held that the definition of “urban redevelopment” under
the Urban Redevelopment Authority Act (Cap 340, 1990 Rev Ed) included
reconstruction and repair. Counsel for the defendant argued that a similar
approach ought to be adopted in the present proceedings. He referred, in
particular, to s 3(1) of the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1998 Rev Ed), which reads
as follows:

**Meaning of “development”**

**3.** —(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), in this Act, except where the
context otherwise requires, “development” means the carrying out of any
building, engineering, mining, earthworks or other operations in, on, over or
under land, _or the making of any material change in the use of any building
or land_ , and “develop” and “developing” shall be construed accordingly.
[emphasis added]

49 Quite apart, however, from the argument in the preceding paragraph, as I
have already alluded to above, the fact that an initially legitimate purpose
changes over time into an equally legitimate purpose cannot, by any stretch of
the imagination, be evidence of bad faith. Land acquisition and urban planning
must be viewed in their respective contexts. Generally, too, what I have just
stated is simply consistent with common sense, logic as well as justice and
fairness. Indeed, as Sharma J, delivering the judgment of the court in the
Indian Supreme Court decision of _State of Maharashtra v Mahadeo Deoman Rai_
[1990] 2 SCR 533, very aptly put it (at 538):

A particular scheme may serve the public purpose at a given point of time but
due to change of circumstances it may become essential to modify or substitute
it by another scheme. _The requirements of the community do not remain static;
they indeed, go on varying with the evolving process of social life.
Accordingly, there must be creative response from the public authority, and
the public scheme_ _must be varied to meet the changing needs of the public._
[emphasis added]

50 Counsel for the defendant in fact went further. He argued that “[f]or s
5(1)(_c_), the difference is that one does not even need to prove a public
purpose” and that “[i]t is a very powerful tool”.[note: 5] If s 5(1)(_c_) is
viewed literally, there would appear to be much force in this particular
argument, for the reference there is simply to “ _any_ residential, commercial
or industrial purposes” (emphasis added). This is not to state that s
5(1)(_c_) could not encompass acquisitions where there _was_ a public purpose.
However, it could conceivably extend to situations where there was in fact
_no_ public purpose. If so, the provision could encompass situations where
land was acquired with a viewing to selling it to private developers. Even
then, I would have thought that there would _still_ be an element of public
purpose since such a sale would have been effected with a view to putting the
entire surrounding physical environment to its best use. So it was
unnecessary, in my view, for counsel for the defendant to go as far as he did.
But this particular issue need not detain us much longer because it does not
really impact on the questions before the court in the present proceedings.
Counsel for the defendant, in my view, put it well when he summarised this
part of his case thus:[note: 6]

Our argument is a very simple one. The URA [Urban Redevelopment Authority]
needed the land for general redevelopment which includes getting rid of
incompatible uses and re-looking the entire land use of that particular area.
They acquired that for a public purpose and there is nothing wrong with that,
as confirmed by _Basco_.

51 However, since the issue was dealt with in some detail by counsel for both
parties during the present proceedings, I will make a few passing
observations. The view which I have tentatively expressed above to the effect
that there is much to be said for counsel for the defendant’s argument to the
effect that s 5(1)(_c_) was intended to have a much _broader_ effect and
meaning appears to be supported by the relevant legislative history. I note,
in particular, the following observations by the then Prime Minister, Mr Lee
Kuan Yew, made during the Second Reading of the Land Acquisition (Amendment No
2) Bill (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10 June 1964)
vol 23 at col 26):

The Explanatory Statement of the Bill sets out the contents of the Bill.
_Section 5 of the principal Ordinance_ which provided for the acquisition of
land for public purposes has been _redrafted_ to define specifically _and
enlarge the meaning of “public purposes”._ This redraft, which is more
specific, follows the Federal Land Acquisition Act and is considered desirable
in view of the increasing tempo of public development and the need to acquire
land for a variety of public purposes, _including_ residential development by
the Housing and Development Board, industrial development by the Economic
Development Board, as well as urban renewal of the City as envisaged in the
next few years. [emphasis added]

52 The above passage appears to support the interpretation I have taken to the
effect that whilst the legislative intention behind s 5(1) of the Act in
general and s 5(1)(_c_) in particular is indeed broad, any acquisitions
pursuant thereto (including s 5(1)(_c_)) would still be regarded as serving
the “public purpose” (but _cf_ Khublall at p 24). This might conceivably
include the acquisition of land for resale to private developers. Arguably,
such a purpose might not have fallen within the rubric of “public purpose”
under s 5(1)(_a_) in the _traditional_ sense of the term but would probably be
considered to do so now. I refer, in particular, to the phrase, “ _enlarge the
meaning of_ ‘public purposes’” [emphasis added], in the quotation in the
preceding paragraph. This particular legislative amendment was in fact
ultimately incorporated into the present Act (for further legislative
background, see [64] below).

53 Counsel for the plaintiff, however, argued (in effect) quite to the
contrary, relying on extracts from the _Report of the Select Committee on the
Land Acquisition Bill_ (Parl 9 of 1966, 10 September 1966) (“ _Select
Committee Report_ ”). In particular, he referred to the then Minister for Law
and National Development’s (Mr E W Barker’s) views at p C 31 of this _Report_
and argued that the purpose of s 5(1)(_c_) of the Act was to enable the
Government to acquire land which was ready for development but which could not
be developed by the owners themselves. This was, in contrast to the approach
adopted by counsel for the defendant, an extremely _narrow_ view. With
respect, a close perusal of the exchange on that specific page _in context_
will reveal that the focus was on _urban renewal_ rather than whether or not
the owners could develop the land themselves. More importantly, the reference
to “development” was _not_ to “development” from the _owner’s_ perspective.
Looked at in this light, it was clear that whilst the plaintiff in the present
proceedings was of the view that it had had the funds to “develop” the land to
_their_ satisfaction, this was _not_ “development” in the _wider societal (or
public) sense –_ which was what I took the Minister to be referring to (see
also the _Select Committee Report_ at pp C4 to C5). Indeed, as I have alluded
to above, counsel for the defendant went one step further: he was of the view
that the Government had ultimately rejected attempts (in particular, in the
extract presently considered, by the Singapore Bar Committee) in narrowing the
meaning of s 5(1)(_c_) by including an _express_ reference to the public
benefit (see also p C74 of the _Select Committee Report_ , which includes a
suggest amendment to this effect by the Singapore Bar Committee itself). This
argument is not unpersuasive, but is difficult, as I have already alluded to
above, to square with the views I have quoted from the _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ (at [51] above), which counsel for the defendant
himself stated must take precedence over any views expressed in the _Select
Committee Report_ itself. Be that as it may, as this particular issue is not
crucial to the decision in the present proceedings, I will say no more and
leave it to a future case when the issue arises directly for decision. It is
clear, however, that the narrow interpretation of s 5(1)(_c_) proffered by the
plaintiff is, as I have just mentioned, wholly without merit as it attempted
to _substitute its own (self-interested)_ conception of “development” for a
quite different (and broader) conception of “development” that was intended by
the Singapore Parliament in so far as s 5(1)(_c_) was concerned. This attempt
was, in my view, clearly motivated by a self-interest that was completely at
odds with the spirit of public purpose and benefit that constituted the
_raison d’être_ of the Act itself.

54 It would, at this juncture, be appropriate to refer briefly to _Galstaun_.
It will be recalled that, in that case, the court emphasised that “[t]he
Government is the proper authority for deciding what a public purpose is” and
that there was a presumption that the Government was in possession of the
relevant facts that induced it to declare that the purpose is a public purpose
(see [30]–[35] above). It is equally important to recall that the court _also_
cited, with approval, the general principle centring on bad faith laid down by
Viscount Dilhorne in _Syed Omar_ (see [37] above). _Yet_ , the court found, in
the final analysis, that there had been no bad faith on the part of the
government on the facts in the case itself. What were the salient facts? Put
in a nutshell, the plaintiffs’ land had been acquired for a public purpose –
the Orchard Boulevard Extension. However, as it turned out, Orchard Boulevard
having been constructed, there remained an excess of the (plaintiffs’) land.
The plaintiffs then sought, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the purported
acquisition in relation to the apparent and actual excess of their land was
both _ultra vires_ as well as illegal. It was in fact conceded by the
Collector of Land Revenue that an area of 1529.5m² of the plaintiffs’ land was
maintained as an open space with plants and trees. Chua J’s succinct (and, if
I may say so, highly perceptive) response to the plaintiffs was as follows
([35] _supra_ at 348, [18]):

In the present case there is no dispute that the Orchard Boulevard is a public
purpose and there is no evidence that the power was exercised for any other
purpose. There is no suggestion that there were mala fides on the part of the
Government.

55 I do not think that the learned judge was stating (in the preceding
quotation) that the plaintiff had not suggested that there had been _mala
fides_ on the part of the Government. After all, that was the central thrust
of their claim, being based as it was on both the doctrine of _ultra vires_ as
well as illegality. It is clear that Chua J was referring to the fact that he
had found no _mala fides_ on the facts of the case itself. Indeed, the
decision in _Galstaun_ demonstrates the latitude and flexibility that must be
accorded to the acquiring authority, particularly in the context of land
acquisition (including the need for a legitimate change of purpose as
circumstances change over time). This is why s 5(3) of the Act was promulgated
in the form it is. The allegation of bad faith or _mala fides_ is not one that
ought to be taken lightly – even in proceedings such as these where only a low
threshold of proof is required. It is clear, in my view, that there was, on
the facts of the present case, no bad faith on the part of the defendant.

56 Interestingly, at the time the land was acquired, it was in fact surrounded
by state land. Any development for a public purpose would in fact have been
hampered by the land concerned embedded, as private property, right in the
middle of the said state land.

57 As interestingly at least is the fact that the plaintiff had purchased the
land from the previous owner not long prior to its acquisition and after the
acquisition, had successfully obtained an increase in the compensation awarded
to it in the sum of $4.2m (see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Teng
Fuh Holdings v Collector of Land Revenue_ [1988] SLR 44 (“ _Teng Fuh Holdings_
”) (see also [12] and [13] above). Indeed, the plaintiff had entered into a
contract with the previous owner of the land dated 15 March 1982, although it
(the plaintiff) had in fact been granted an option much earlier on (on 17
March 1979), which option (to purchase the land for the sum of $3.5m) had in
fact been exercised. The sale and purchase of the land was completed on 2
August 1982 and the plaintiff took a transfer, a conveyance and an assignment,
all dated 12 August 1982. When the land was acquired, the plaintiff was
initially awarded $3.5m. This was, in fact, the exact amount involved when
the:

… instruments of transfer, the total consideration of which was agreed to be
$3.5m (rounded up), were presented to the Commissioner of Stamp Duties in the
Stamp Office under the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312) and the consideration stated
in them was accepted by the Commissioner of Stamp Duties for the purpose of
assessing the stamp duties payable thereon.

(See _Teng Fuh Holdings_ , at 46, [2]). As we have seen, the plaintiff was
ultimately awarded compensation of $4.2m. Commercially speaking, it was in
fact _better off_ at that particular point in time.

58 Now, after some 22 years, the plaintiff has nevertheless brought the
present application. This brings us in fact to the next point – which switches
perspectives, as it were, completely inasmuch as the focus will now be on _the
plaintiff_. It will be recalled that, thus far, the allegations of bad faith
have been made by the plaintiff with reference to the defendant. What is sauce
for the goose is sauce for the gander. More elegantly put, perhaps, the
allegation of bad faith may in fact cut both ways. I would not be prepared to
go so far as to state that there was clearly bad faith displayed on the part
of the plaintiff. After all, this was just a hearing as to whether or not
leave was to be granted to the plaintiff to apply for an order of _certiorari_
as well as for an order of _mandamus_. However, I would be prepared to state
that the plaintiff’s own position or situation casts some doubt on its case
and, more importantly, on its allegations that it was the defendant who had
been guilty of bad faith. Let me elaborate.

59 We begin with a point already referred to in the preceding paragraph. The
plaintiff received some $4.2m – a not insignificant amount at the time and not
insignificant even by today’s standards. It has had the use of that not
inconsiderable sum of money for a relatively lengthy period of time. However,
the plaintiff is, I believe, willing to return that sum if the land is
returned to it. Nevertheless, although no formal valuation was effected, it is
clear that the land is now worth considerably more than $4.2m. Land prices in
Singapore have risen consistently – even steeply – over the period in
question. This is so obvious that I can take judicial notice of it, quite
apart from the plaintiff’s own admission that the price of the land had risen
tremendously. The land that is the subject of the present proceedings is of
course no exception. Indeed, as we have seen, it now lies in a contemplated
hub in and around the Kallang area. It would not in fact be unreasonable to
state that the land is worth multiples of $4.2m. The plaintiff is, as I have
pointed out, no babe in the woods. It is a shrewd commercial entity that
cannot possibly have failed to see the immense economic advantage of having
the land now returned to it. This raises a related (but very important)
question, to which I now turn.

60 Granted that the land is now worth a lot more than it was at the time it
was acquired, what accounts for this rise in value? Although the plaintiff
continued to occupy the land as a licensee, it did not – nor could it, in my
view – claim to have enhanced the value of the land by virtue of that fact. On
the contrary, the rise in value of the land is due to external factors. If so,
the return of the land to the plaintiff would result in an unprecedented and,
in my view, unjustifiable windfall to the plaintiff. The plaintiff, as a
reasonable person, must surely have been aware of it. Yet, it was astute in
not raising the point at all throughout argument before me. The reason is
obvious.

61 The situation I have outlined briefly in the preceding paragraphs is not
legally irrelevant. Nor is it merely a question of commercial morality, which
is itself a controversial concept since to many business persons, such a
concept is a contradiction in terms. I make no pronouncement on the issue of
commercial morality because it does not arise for decision here. What _is_
relevant for our present purposes is the fact that _the prevention of economic
windfalls is one of the key policies underlying the Act_. This fact permeates
the relevant _Parliamentary Debates_. I will refer to only a sample.

62 I refer, first, to the following observations by the then Prime Minister,
Mr Lee Kuan Yew, during the Second Reading of the Land Acquisition (Amendment
No 2) Bill, to which I have had occasion to refer ([51] _supra_ at col 25):

In the debate on the 16th of December last year on the Development Estimates
for 1964, when debating the question of increased land values and the cost of
land acquisition, I stated _two broad principles_ which would guide the
Government in amending legislation on the acquisition of land, namely, first,
that _no private landowner should benefit from development which had taken
place at public expense_ ; and, secondly, that the price paid on the
acquisition for public purposes should not be higher than what the land would
have been worth had the Government not contemplated development generally in
the area. _I said then that I would introduce legislation which would also
help to ensure that increases in land values, because of public development,
should not benefit the landowner, but should benefit the community at large.
Land is a fixed commodity, and with mounting pressure on land as a result of
population expansion and development, land values tend inevitably to rise. But
for public purposes of acquisition, we attempt in this Bill to exclude the
landowner from windfall gains in increases of land values as a result, first,
of either public expenditure already incurred in the area, or speculative
increases in the price of land in an area which has been earmarked for
development_. [emphasis added]

63 And in a Statement by the then Minister of Law, Mr E W Barker, on the Land
Acquisition Bills, it was observed (in a similar vein) as follows (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 June 1965) vol 23 at
col 811):

The main provision in the Land Acquisition (Amendment No. 2) Bill is to ensure
that increases in land values as a result of public development should not
benefit the owner, but should benefit the community at large. _The Bill aimed
to save the Government from having to give land-owners windfall gains and
increases in value as a result of public expenditure incurred in the area_.
[emphasis added]

64 By way of a historical perspective that in no way impacts on the
_substance_ of the statements quoted above, the observations in the preceding
two paragraphs related to the second of two Amendment Bills to the then Land
Acquisition Ordinance. This – as well as the previous – Bill were ultimately
integrated into a revised consolidated Land Acquisition Bill, which forms the
basis of the present Act. Indeed, the former Bill (ultimately enacted, it
appears, as the Land Acquisition (Amendment) Ordinance 1964 (Ord 1 of 1964))
was intended merely to introduce certain interim provisions, with the latter
Bill being intended to “make major alterations in the law regarding
acquisition of private land for public purposes” (_per_ the then Prime
Minister, Mr Lee Kuan Yew, see [51] _supra_ at col 23). This particular Bill
did not therefore deal with amendments to s 5 as such (which were introduced,
instead, in the latter Bill (and see [51] above). In introducing the Second
Reading of the latter Bill, the then Minister for Law and National
Development, Mr E W Barker observed thus (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (22 June 1966) vol 25 at col 133):

[T]his Bill embodies (in the form of a revised consolidated Act) both the
provisions in the existing law, that is to say, the Land Acquisition
Ordinance, Chapter 248, as well as the provisions in the Land Acquisition
(Amendment No. 2) Bill. The major departures from existing legislation are:—

(1) the assessment of compensation provisions have been re-drafted on the
basis of two principles enunciated by the Prime Minister in December 1963 [see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 December 1963) vol 22
at col 653]. Firstly, that _no landowner should benefit from development which
has taken place at public expense_ and, secondly, that the price paid on
acquisition of land for public purposes should not be higher than what the
land would have been worth had the Government not carried out development
generally in the area, and

(2) provision has been made for the hearing of appeals by an Appeals Board
instead of the Court as at present.

[emphasis added]

65 When moving the Third Reading of this Bill, Mr Barker was even more direct.
Indeed, what follows is a particularly important set of observations that
therefore merits setting out in full (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (26 October 1966) vol 25 at col 410):

Mr. Speaker, Sir, the Bill as now tabled before the House incorporates the
recommendations of the Select Committee. I do not propose to burden the
Members of this House with unnecessary explanations, but there are two
fundamental provisions on which there have been representations which were
unacceptable and which I wish to take this opportunity to reiterate.

The first of these is the compensation provision in the Bill. As has already
been explained in this House previously, the principle underlining this
provision is that _no landowner should benefit at the public’s expense, from
any windfall gains resulting from enhancement of land values either through
Acts of God or because of public expenditure in the neighbourhood_. Members
are aware of the phenomenal increases in land values which result when heavily
encumbered lands are devastated by fire. This fortuitous increase in value
will not now go to the landowner. _Again, development by Government and public
authorities in areas like_ Jurong, _Kallang Basin_ and Kranji _has resulted in
phenomenal increases in land values in these neighbourhoods. It was ironical
that under the existing legislation, when additional lands in these areas had
to be acquired for public purposes, Government had to pay compensation at
values which Government itself had helped to enhance. The element of
enhancement attributable in these cases to public participation (as opposed to
participation by the private sector), is the element which under the new Bill
will be creamed off when land is acquired for public purposes._

[emphasis added]

66 The observations quoted in the preceding two paragraphs reiterate one of
the fundamental policies behind the Act – which is that there should be no
economic windfalls accruing to landowners. More significantly, perhaps, in the
observations set out in the preceding paragraph is the Minister’s direct
reference to _the Kallang Basin_ , wherein of course _the land in the present
proceedings is situated_. Interestingly, even at _that_ particular point in
time, which was _well over a decade prior to_ _the plaintiff’s own purchase of
the land_ that is the subject of the present proceedings, land values had
_already_ witnessed, in the words of the Minister as quoted above, “phenomenal
increases”. It was, of course, _a fortiori_ , the case at the time the land
was acquired _and_ , _a fortiori_ the case _since the time of acquisition_.
The passage quoted in the preceding paragraph speaks, in many ways, for itself
and is, in equally many ways, a succinct summary of what I have already stated
in somewhat more detail above.

67 In the circumstances, and viewing the present proceedings from the
perspective of _the plaintiff_ , it is _even clearer_ that the application
concerned has _no merit whatsoever_.

**Conclusion**

68**** In summary, it was clear that the present application was clearly
(indeed, woefully) out of time and, on that ground alone, it must be
dismissed.

69 I also hold that the plaintiff had not, in any event, satisfied the
standard of proof required for the granting of leave.

70 In the circumstances, therefore, I dismissed the application with costs.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See notes of evidence (“NE”) at p 2.

[note: 2] See NE at pp 5 and 9.

[note: 3] See NE at p 5.

[note: 4] See _ibid_.

[note: 5] See NE at p 7.

[note: 6] See NE at pp 10-11.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

