Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC  
[2006] SGHC 125

Case Number | : | OS 1176/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Tan Teow Hin and Paul Ong Min-Tse (Allen & Gledhill) for the applicants; Kelvin Tan Teck San for the Law Society of Singapore; Dominic Zou (State Counsel) for the Attorney-General   
Parties | : | —  
  
Legal Profession – Admission – Ad hoc – Application of Queen's Counsel –
Three-stage test – Case must be of sufficient difficulty and complexity and
court must have regard to the circumstances in the case – Whether application
raised issues of law or fact of sufficient difficulty or complexity – Whether
circumstances of the case justify admission of Queen's Counsel – Section 21
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1990 Ed)  
  

19 July 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The applicant, Mr Jonathan Michael Caplan, a Queen’s Counsel, applied under
s 21 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) to practise as
an advocate and solicitor for the purpose of arguing the appeal of one Mr
Saimee bin Jumaat (“Mr Saimee”), a jockey with the Singapore Turf Club
(“STC”), who had been suspended for one year following a disciplinary inquiry
conducted by the STC’s Stipendiary Stewards.

2 Mr Saimee was charged with breaching rule 144(2) of the Malayan Racing
Association Rules of Racing (“MRA Rules”), which requires the rider of every
horse to take all reasonable and permissible measures throughout the race to
ensure that his horse is given full opportunity of winning or of obtaining the
best possible placing in the race. It was alleged that he failed to take all
reasonable and permissible measures to ensure that Diamond N Ace, the horse he
was riding in the tenth race of the STC Meeting on 18 February 2006, was given
every opportunity of winning that race or of obtaining the best possible
placing in that race. As it turned out, his horse was placed fourth in that
race.

3 A Stipendiary Stewards’ inquiry was convened to investigate the case. The
inquiry was held on 23 February 2006, 2 March 2006 and 23 March 2006. It was
alleged that when riding Diamond N Ace at the material time, he failed to ride
with sufficient vigour and determination from near the 450m mark until near
the 300m mark and that he also failed to attempt to go to the outside of
another horse, Little Wizard, from near the 450m mark until near the 300m mark
when there was an opportunity and it was reasonable to do so.

4 Mr Saimee was not legally represented at the inquiry but he called an
expert, Mr Ivan Allan, to testify at the inquiry. At the conclusion of the
hearing, the Stipendiary Stewards found Mr Saimee guilty of breaching rule
144(2) of the MRA Rules. Pursuant to rule 144(5) of the MRA Rules, he was
disqualified from riding for one year.

5 Mr Saimee exercised his right to appeal against the decision of the
Stipendiary Stewards. His grounds of appeal are as follows:

(a) The Stipendiary Stewards erred in convicting the Appellant under MRA Rule
144(2) as there was no evidence that showed beyond any reasonable doubt that
the Appellant had not taken all reasonable and permissible measures throughout
the race to ensure that his horse is given full opportunity of winning or of
obtaining the best possible place;

(b) The Stipendiary Stewards ought to have accepted the evidence and the
explanations of the Appellant in respect of his riding of DIAMOND N ACE in the
Race, which evidence and explanations clearly showed that he had ridden
DIAMOND N ACE to the best of his ability taking into due consideration all the
factors and situations prevalent throughout the race and the performance of
DIAMOND N ACE[;]

(c) The Stipendiary Stewards failed to give due weight to the evidence and
opinion of Mr Ivan Allan, who was called by the Appellant to testify as a
defence witness when his said evidence was fair and credible; and

(d) The Stipendiary Stewards failed to consider that the fourth placing of
DIAMOND N ACE in the race was the best result that the said horse could have
achieved considering that the horse was inclined to hang in during the race
and this important factor in no small measure contributed to his resultant
fourth placing.

6 Mr Saimee’s appeal will be heard by the STC’s Racing Stewards on a date to
be fixed. Rule 5B(3) of the MRA Rules provides that for the purpose of an
appeal, the Racing Stewards may, in their absolute discretion, permit any
person to be represented by “a member of the legal profession”. Mr Saimee
wishes to be represented at the appeal by Mr Caplan. Hence, this application
for Mr Caplan to be admitted on an _ad hoc_ basis to the Bar.

7 Section 21 of the LPA, which concerns the admission of Queen’s Counsel,
provides as follows:

(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court may, for
the purpose of any one case where the court is satisfied that it is of
sufficient difficulty and complexity and having regard to the circumstances of
the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any person who —

(a) holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(b) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia but who has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(c) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

8 The purpose and ambit of s 21 of the LPA has been considered by the courts
on innumerable occasions. In _Re Oliver David Keightley Rideal QC_ [1992] SLR
400, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) said at 402, [8]:

The object of [s 21] was to lay the foundation for the development of a strong
local bar by the imposition of more stringent conditions for the admission of
Queen’s Counsel to appear in our courts, but at the same time, to continue to
allow litigants to avail of their services in appropriate cases.

9 When considering applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of a Queen’s
Counsel, the courts have adopted what has been termed a “three-stage test”. In
_Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC (No 2)_ [1998] 1 SLR 440, the Court of Appeal
explained at [11]:

The requirements of [s 21 of the LPA] were considered at length by the Court
of Appeal in _Price Arthur Leolin v A-G & Ors_ [1992] 2 SLR 972. In its
judgment, the court articulated a three-stage test for admission under s
21(1). At the first stage, the applicant must demonstrate that the case in
which he seeks to appear contains issues of law and/or fact of sufficient
difficulty and complexity to require elucidation and/or argument by a Queen’s
Counsel. Such difficulty or complexity is not of itself a guarantee of
admission, for the decision to admit is still a matter for the court’s
discretion. At the second stage, therefore, the applicant must persuade the
court that the circumstances of the particular case warrant the court
exercising its discretion in favour of his admission. Finally, he has to
satisfy the court of his suitability for admission.

10 The problem with the present application is that it could not pass the test
at the first stage. In _Price Arthur Leolin v Attorney General_ [1992] 2 SLR
972, the Court of Appeal elaborated on what is required at the first stage and
noted at 976, [8]:

In our opinion, it is clear from the wording of s 21(1) that Queen’s Counsel
will not be admitted for the routine and the ordinary cases which require no
special experience or knowledge and which can be competently handled by
Singapore lawyers. The salutary effect of s 21(1) therefore is that litigants
are assured of the specialized services of Queen’s Counsel in cases of genuine
complexity and difficulty, while the opportunities for specialization among
Singapore lawyers are gradually developed.

11 In his affidavit filed on 14 June 2006 in support of the application, the
instructing solicitor, Mr Christopher Tan Teow Hin, submitted that the issues
of fact to be addressed at the appeal are sufficiently difficult and complex
to warrant the admission and assistance of Mr Caplan. He pointed out that
whether or not Mr Saimee’s assertion that he had ridden Diamond N Ace to the
best of his ability is to be believed involves many factors, including the
following:

(a) the training that the horse received prior to the race;

(b) the natural behavioural patterns of the horse;

(c) the condition of the horse at the material time;

(d) the condition of the jockey at the material time;

(e) the weight of the jockey and its impact on the performance of the horse;

(f) the conduct of the jockey in the circumstances at the material time; and

(g) the conduct of the other competitors in the circumstances at the material
time.

12 Mr Tan argued that in order to present an effective case on Mr Saimee’s
behalf, the counsel in question would have to possess a sound understanding of
how the various factors listed above interact and affect the course of a race.
In his view, Mr Caplan, who has been involved in a number of cases involving
competitive horse racing, has extensive knowledge of this area and is well
qualified to argue Mr Saimee’s appeal against the decision of the STC’s
Stipendiary Stewards.

13 While the views of instructing solicitors are relevant, it is pertinent to
note that both the Attorney-General and the Law Society of Singapore opposed
the application on solid grounds. State Counsel Mr Dominic Zou said that the
Attorney-General opposed the application to admit Mr Caplan because the case
is not one of sufficient difficulty and complexity. He pointed out that the
affidavit filed by Mr Christopher Tan in support of the application did not
contend that Mr Saimee’s appeal is beyond the capabilities of local counsel
and added that local counsel have appeared in a number of cases pertaining to
horse racing, including _Kok Seng Chong v Bukit Turf Club_ [1993] 2 SLR 388,
_Ang Ah Lah Richard v Singapore Turf Club_ [2001] SGHC 71 and _Bernard Desker
Gary v Thwaites Racing Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 175.

14 Mr Kelvin Tan Teck San, who appeared for the Law Society, pointed out that
the grounds of appeal do not raise any issues of law and also submitted that
the Mr Saimee’s appeal to the Racing Stewards of the STC does not raise any
difficult or complicated issues. He added that considering the availability of
local counsel and the nature of the appeal, “it would be excessive and
contrary to the spirit and intent of section 21(1) of the LPA to admit any
Queen’s Counsel” to represent Mr Saimee.

15 All that the STC’s Racing Stewards have to decide at the appeal is whether
or not Mr Saimee took all reasonable and permissible measures throughout the
race to ensure that his horse was given full opportunity of winning or of
obtaining the best possible placing. If Mr Saimee wishes to be represented by
counsel, I see no reason why his appeal cannot be argued by a local counsel,
to whom Mr Caplan may offer his advice. It is worth noting that in _Re Flint
Charles John Raffles QC_ [2001] 2 SLR 276 at [9], Lai Kew Chai J rightly
pointed out that the local Bar has matured and that there is now a body of
Senior Counsel, potential Senior Counsel and an impressive group of young
advocates and solicitors with excellent academic credentials. Taking all
circumstances into account, this is clearly not a case for the admission of a
Queen’s Counsel. The application to admit Mr Caplan is thus dismissed with
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

