Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Wing On Christopher and Others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
[2006] SGCA 25

Case Number | : | CA 139/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Xavier and Lai Yew Fei (Rajah & Tann) for the appellants; Oommen Mathew (Haq & Selvam) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ho Wing On Christopher; Shum Sze Keong; Lee Yen Kee Ruby; Law Kwok Fai Paul; E-Zone (Plaza) Pte Ltd; The Grande Group Ltd; East Coast Works Pte Ltd; Hong Kong Aberdeen Seafood Restaurant Pte Ltd; Nakamichi Pte Ltd; Cafe Al Fresco Pte Ltd — ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation)   
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Liquidators unsuccessfully bringing action in
company's name – Company ordered to pay opposing party's costs – Company
having insufficient assets to satisfy costs order because of liquidators'
breach of estate costs rule – Scope of personal liability of liquidators for
unpaid costs – Scope of court's power to exempt liquidators from liability for
unpaid costs – Sections 283(3), 323(1), 328(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev
Ed)  
  

16 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the High Court decision in Summons in Chambers No
600611 of 2004 (“the application”). The judge dismissed the ten appellants’
application for an order that the liquidators of the respondent company, ECRC
Land Pte Ltd (“ECRC”), be held personally liable for the appellants’ unpaid
costs in successfully defending an action brought against them by ECRC.

**Background facts**

2 ECRC was placed in compulsory liquidation in 1999, with Chee Yoh Chuang and
Lim Lee Meng appointed as liquidators (collectively referred to as “the
liquidators”). The present appeal concerns the liquidators’ liability for
costs incurred by the appellants in defending Suit No 1210 of 2001 (“the main
suit”) and the appeal therefrom in Civil Appeal No 117 of 2003 (“the main
appeal”). The essential facts are not in dispute, and are as follows.

3 The main suit and the main appeal were proceedings the liquidators commenced
in ECRC’s name, seeking to recover moneys from the appellants based on
allegations of fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, constructive trust and
conspiracy to injure ECRC. In the course of the proceedings, ECRC provided a
total of $105,000 as security for costs, of which $60,000 was security for the
appellants’ costs in the main suit and $45,000 for their costs in the main
appeal. Before the main suit was decided, the appellants had applied for
additional security of $250,000 (“the first security application”), but the
application had been opposed by ECRC. The assistant registrar (“the AR”)
dismissed the first security application, relying on the principle that where
a defendant’s alleged misconduct is the purported cause of a plaintiff
company’s impecuniosity, the court may refuse to award security for costs if
the provision of security would stultify the claim: _Peng Ann Realty Pte Ltd v
Liu Cho Chit_ [1993] 1 SLR 630 (“ _Peng Ann_ ”) at 633, [15]. As there was no
evidence of a third party providing funds to finance the litigation, the AR
found that ECRC would have difficulty continuing with the action if the order
of security was made.

4 ECRC’s claims against the appellants were largely unsuccessful, and costs
were ordered in favour of the appellants in both the main suit and main
appeal. After the main appeal was dismissed, the appellants filed Summons in
Chamber No 600479 of 2004, asking that their costs in the main suit and main
appeal be paid in priority to all other claims against ECRC. The judge ordered
that subject to the liquidators’ costs of getting in, maintaining and
realising ECRC’s assets (“the realisation costs”), ECRC should pay the
appellants’ costs in the main suit and main appeal in priority to all other
claims and expenses, _including the liquidators’ remuneration and ECRC’s legal
costs for the same_.

5 After setting off the amounts provided as security for costs and other
relevant deductions, ECRC found itself owing the appellants $208,179.32 (“the
shortfall”). The present proceedings were commenced to recover the shortfall
from the liquidators.

6 At present, ECRC has only a balance of $18,105.76 in its bank account. The
shortfall has arisen because the liquidators paid themselves $108,754.04 as
remuneration and paid ECRC’s lawyers, M/s Arthur Loke & Partners (“ALP”), an
even more sizable amount of $409,829.64 as ECRC’s legal fees for the main suit
and main appeal. The payments to ALP were made on various occasions after the
main suit was commenced. The final two payments (totalling $26,391.85) were
made in February and March 2004, whilst the main appeal was pending and
_after_ Tay J had ordered that ECRC pay 80% of the appellants’ costs in the
main suit. Before these two payments were made, the appellants had written to
the liquidators twice (in December 2003 and January 2004), asking that they
pay the appellants’ costs in the main suit _in priority to all other claims_.
It would appear that the liquidators had decided to ignore the appellants’
letters. Furthermore, all the sums paid to ALP were not taxed. This was in
breach of r 173 of the Companies (Winding up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed)
(“the CWU Rules”), which provides, _inter alia_ , that “[n]o payment in
respect of bills of costs, charges or expenses of solicitors … shall be
allowed out of the assets of the company without proof that the same have been
duly taxed”.

7 As a result of ECRC’s inability to pay the shortfall, the appellants filed
the application, seeking two main orders:

(a) that the liquidators pay the appellants the balance of $18,105.76
currently standing to ECRC’s credit as well as all sums previously paid to
themselves as payment of the shortfall and the costs of the application; and

(b) that the liquidators be held personally liable for the costs of the
application and any part of the shortfall outstanding after payment is made
under prayer (a) (“the outstanding shortfall”).

**Proceedings in the High Court**

8 In the High Court, the appellants relied on a rule of priority known as the
estate costs rule to support their application for relief under both prayers
(a) and (b). The judge granted prayer (a), but dismissed prayer (b). The exact
quantum that the liquidators were liable to repay under prayer (a) would
depend on how much of what they had paid themselves represented the
realisation costs (see [4] above). This appeal concerns the judge’s refusal to
grant prayer (b). The issue under prayer (a), _ie_ , whether the liquidators
should be made to disgorge their remuneration, is not in contention before us.

9 The estate costs rule is a recognised common law rule of priority in the
liquidation of companies. It was established in the 19th century by cases such
as _In re Home Investment Society_ (1880) 14 Ch D 167 (“ _Home Investment_ ”),
and has since been followed by courts in Singapore and other common law
jurisdictions. The estate costs rule supplements s 328(1)(_a_) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CA”), which provides that “the costs and
expenses of the winding up” including the remuneration of the liquidator shall
be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts. Whilst legislation has
provided that liquidation expenses take first priority over _other_
_categories_ of unsecured claims, the estate costs rule clarifies the
_relative_ priority between the various types of liquidation expenses _inter
se_. In particular, the rule states that a successful litigant against a
company in liquidation is entitled to be paid his costs in priority to the
other general expenses of the liquidation, including the costs and
remuneration of the liquidator: see _eg_ , _In re Pacific Coast Syndicate,
Limited_ [1913] 2 Ch 26 (“ _Pacific Coast_ ”) at 28; _In re London
Metallurgical Company_ [1895] 1 Ch 758 at 764 (“ _LMC_ ”). As stated in _In re
Trent and Humber Ship-Building Company_ (1869) LR 8 Eq 94 (“ _Trent and
Humber_ ”) at 97, the rationale for the estate costs rule lies in the fact
that:

[A] company in winding up ought to be dealt with as a matter of course like
any other litigant, and if an action be brought or resisted for the benefit of
the estate, and that action be brought fruitlessly, or defended fruitlessly,
then _the estate, that is to say, the other creditors, ought, like everybody
else, to be fixed with the costs to which they have improperly and
unnecessarily put their opponent_. [emphasis added]

10 The appellants’ case before the judge was fairly simple. It rested on the
proposition that the liquidators had wrongfully caused the outstanding
shortfall and therefore should have to remedy it. According to the appellants,
the liquidators would have had sufficient assets in hand to pay the
appellants’ costs but for their breach of the estate costs rule by paying
ALP’s legal fees first. Thus, it was only fair that the liquidators should
personally make good the resultant deficiency in the company’s assets. If the
liquidators were not made liable, future liquidators would be given the “green
light” to flout the estate costs rule with impunity.

11 The judge refused to hold the liquidators personally liable for the
outstanding shortfall, and found the appellants’ proposition to be “as
disingenuous … as it was novel”: _Ho Wing On Christopher v ECRC Land Pte Ltd_
[2006] 2 SLR 103 (“GD”) at [21]. He affirmed the position by the English Court
of Appeal in _Metalloy Supplies Ltd v MA (UK) Ltd_ [1997] 1 WLR 1613 (“
_Metalloy_ ”), and held that a liquidator who was a non-party to an action
would only be held personally liable for costs in exceptional circumstances
where impropriety on his part was proved: GD at [19] and [46].

12 The judge accepted counsel for ECRC’s submission that the court should
exercise considerable caution before ordering costs personally against
liquidators. In his view (GD at [47]):

There were powerful policy considerations in this regard, in particular, that
office holders such as the liquidators should not be unduly restricted or held
back in the honest and proper performance of their duties for fear of
incurring personal liability for costs simply because they acted for an
insolvent company with insufficient assets to pay the costs of a winning
party. _Otherwise, the very purpose of the liquidator’s role in realising as
much of the company’s assets as was possible would be subverted_. I concurred
with Millett LJ’s astute observation in _Metalloy_ that _a liquidator was
under no obligation to a defendant to protect his interest by ensuring that he
had sufficient funds in hand to pay the defendant’s costs as well as his own
if the proceedings failed_. [emphasis added]

13 For all these reasons, the judge held that a breach of the estate costs
rule, in itself, could not warrant the imposition of personal liability upon
the liquidators: GD at [21] and [49]. According to the judge, the _only_ costs
consequences to be borne by a liquidator who unsuccessfully commenced an
action for the company was that the payment of the liquidator’s expenses and
remuneration would enjoy lesser priority than the payment of the winning
party’s costs: GD at [44].

14 In reaching this conclusion, the judge considered a number of authorities
which he held were either inapplicable or distinguishable: see, _eg_ , GD at
[35] and [39]. As we will be re-examining a number of these cases in our
judgment, it would be apposite to mention them at this juncture by way of
introduction. In our view, the key cases which merit this court’s
reconsideration are: (a)  _Pacific Coast_ ([9] _supra_); (b)  _Hypec
Electronics Pty Ltd v Mead_ (2004) 185 FLR 76 (“ _Hypec_ ”); (c)  _In re
Dominion of Canada Plumbago Company_ (1884) 27 Ch D 33 (“ _Dominion of Canada_
”); and (d)  _Deputy Commissioner of Taxation v Tideturn Pty Ltd_ (2001) 37
ACSR 152 (“ _Tideturn_ ”)_._

**The appeal**

15 The sole issue in this appeal is whether the liquidators should have to
make good the outstanding shortfall because they breached the estate costs
rule. Counsel for the appellants, Mr Xavier, made four main submissions in
support of their appeal:

(a) Where the liquidator of an insolvent company commences litigation with
insufficient funds, he takes the risk of being made personally liable for the
unpaid costs of the successful defendant if he also breaches the estate costs
rule: _Pacific Coast_ ([9] _supra_). If the law were otherwise, the estate
costs rule would, for all effects and purposes, be nullified.

(b) It would not be inequitable to hold a liquidator who breaches the estate
costs rule personally liable. Liquidators can easily “insure” themselves
against that risk by getting a suitable indemnity from the creditors.

(c) In contrast, litigants such as the appellants have no means of protecting
themselves against a company’s insolvency, except by obtaining an order of
security for costs. An order for security is however an inadequate remedy for
a liquidator’s breach of the priority rule(s). This is amply demonstrated by
the present facts since the liquidators denied the appellants of this remedy
by resisting the first security application.

(d) There is no principle which limits a liquidator’s personal liability to
instances where he has conducted _the litigation_ improperly.

16 Mr Xavier also made the following subsidiary submissions regarding the
_timing_ of the liquidators’ payments to ALP:

(a) The liquidators should be made personally liable for all sums paid to ALP,
_regardless of when those payments were made._ The liquidators have been made
to disgorge _all_ their remuneration, including the sums paid before the main
suit was decided and the adverse costs order made against ECRC. There is no
basis for making a distinction between amounts paid in breach of the estate
costs rule to: (i) a liquidator as his fees; and (ii) a third party.

(b) In any event, the liquidators paid out approximately $26,000 to ALP
_after_ the verdict in the main suit was delivered. Those sums are clearly
sums for which the liquidators should be personally liable.

17 In response, Mr Mathew, counsel for ECRC, advanced the following arguments:

(a) The issue of costs is a matter entirely at the discretion of the court,
and this court should therefore only interfere with the judge’s decision if it
was manifestly wrong or exercised on wrong principles.

(b) There is no authority which has held that a liquidator should be held
personally liable for breaching the estate costs rule. When considering a
liquidator’s personal liability for costs, a distinction must be drawn between
situations where the litigation is commenced in the _company’s_ name, and
where it is brought in the _liquidator’s_ own name. The English and Australian
authorities adopt the position that a liquidator who commences litigation _in
the company’s name_ can only be made personally liable if he has been guilty
of some impropriety or unreasonableness _in the conduct of the litigation_.

(c) Imposing personal liability upon the liquidators here would deter future
liquidators from carrying out their duty to recover all the company’s assets.
It is impractical to expect liquidators to get an indemnity from creditors
because creditors are rarely willing to fund litigation out of their own
pockets.

(d) An order of security for costs is a _sufficient and adequate_ safeguard
against a liquidator’s potential breach of the estate costs rule. There is
therefore no reason to additionally visit personal liability upon the
liquidators in question.

**_The basis for imposing liability on the liquidators_**

18 Before proceeding to assess the merits of the parties’ respective
arguments, it would be appropriate to first delineate the _exact_ scope of the
issue which falls for our determination. In the present proceedings, it is
undisputed that the liquidators breached the estate costs rule by making the
relevant payments to themselves and to ALP in priority to the appellants.
Counsel for ECRC accepts that the estate costs rule applies to company
liquidations in Singapore. That being the case, authorities cited by the
appellants such as _Home Investment_ ([9] _supra_), _In re Wenborn & Co_
[1905] 1 Ch 413 (“ _Wenborn_ ”) and _Trent and Humber_ ([9] _supra_), which
merely affirm the content of the estate costs rule, are of limited assistance
to us.

19 In their written submissions, the appellants contend that the judge failed
to appreciate the true basis upon which they had sought to hold the
liquidators personally liable. According to them, the judge was under the
erroneous impression that they were seeking to make the liquidators liable
_over and above_ the amounts paid in breach of the estate costs rule. In the
judge’s view, “the application of the estate costs rule was not in issue in
the present proceedings _since the liquidators had already been ordered to
make good those payments made in breach of the estate costs rule_ ” [emphasis
added]: GD ([11] _supra_) at [30]. As a result, he perceived the issue as
being “whether… [a] liquidator could be made to bear any shortfall in costs
personally, _despite having returned moneys paid in breach of the estate costs
rule_ ” [emphasis added]: GD at [25]. Notably, ECRC does not dispute that the
judge erred in finding that the liquidators had fully repaid the moneys taken
from ECRC, and relies instead on the proposition that there is no basis for
requiring a liquidator to make good his breach of the estate costs rule.

20 In considering the basis upon which the appellants seek to make the
liquidators personally liable, it is crucial to distinguish between two sets
of breaches of the estate costs rule: (a)  the liquidators’ use of ECRC’s
funds to pay _their own_ remuneration; and (b) their use of ECRC’s funds to
pay _ALP_. The judge’s other order that the liquidators disgorge the sums paid
to _themselves_ only makes good the liquidators’ _former_ breach of the estate
costs rule in paying their own remuneration before the appellants’ costs. The
effects of the liquidators’ _latter_ breach by paying _ALP_ have not been
mitigated or remedied in any way. That being the case, the judge erred in so
far as he held that the liquidators had already _fully_ remedied their
breaches of the estate costs rule. It is the linchpin of the appellants’ case
that the liquidators have done _nothing_ to remedy their wrongful payments to
ALP.

21 The judge’s misconception that the liquidators had _completely_ “made good”
their breach led to a misapprehension of the basis upon which the appellants
seek to render the liquidators personally liable. Contrary to the judge’s
view, the appellants do not seek to render the liquidators personally liable
“simply because” they have breached the estate costs rule: GD at [49]. The
liquidators’ supposed liability in fact rests on two _cumulative_ grounds: (a)
their breach of the estate costs rule by paying ALP; _and_ (b) their failure
to remedy the deficiency in ECRC’s assets caused by this breach. The issue
presently before us is therefore _not_ whether the liquidators should be made
liable _even after they have remedied their breach_ , but instead whether they
should be held personally liable for the outstanding shortfall _which has
resulted from their breach of the estate costs rule_.

**_Competing considerations for and against personal liability_**

22 The issue in this appeal, as presently framed (see [21] above), can be
approached on two varying levels of specificity. _On a more generic level_ ,
there is the more abstract question of whether, _as a matter of general
principle_ , a liquidator who breaches the estate costs rule should be made to
remedy the consequences of his breach. _On a more specific level_ , there is
also the issue of whether it would be justifiable to impose personal liability
upon the liquidators given the _particular_ circumstances attending _their_
breach of the estate costs rule. Each of these questions attracts a host of
divergent legal and policy concerns, which must be addressed before this court
can reach a decision in these proceedings.

23 Turning first to the _general_ question of how the courts should approach a
breach of the estate costs rule, one starts with the concern, which the judge
highlighted in his judgment, that the imposition of personal liability for
breaching the estate costs rule will deter future liquidators from commencing
actions to recover companies’ assets. According to the judge, there is an
element of public interest involved in allowing liquidators to perform their
duties without the fear of personal liability: GD ([11] _supra_) at [47]. In
addition, the _separate legal personality_ of a company also suggests that a
liquidator who sues in the name of the company is technically a non-party to
the suit and, as such, should only be ordered to pay the opposing party’s
costs in _exceptional circumstances_ : _Metalloy_ ([11] _supra_) at 1620–1621.
These considerations converge to support the proposition that a liquidator
should not be liable for the legal costs of a successful defendant unless he
has acted with impropriety.

24 These considerations must, however, be balanced against the need to uphold
the efficacy of the estate costs rule, which would be rendered illusory if
errant liquidators who breach it are not taken to task. Further, the law
should refrain from placing too much emphasis on the consideration that a
liquidator suing in the name of an insolvent company is a non-party. In our
view, this is only a technical consideration. The strict adherence to the
principle of the separate corporate personality of an insolvent company during
a winding up is not necessarily in the public interest if it allows
liquidators to hide behind an invisible shield to launch unmeritorious claims
against defendants who ultimately emerge victorious but end up being the
poorer for it. In any case, if the element of impropriety is a condition
precedent to imposing personal liability on a liquidator, a breach of the
estate costs rule would surely be such a form of impropriety. Ignorance of the
rule would not make the breach any less improper.

25 The _specific_ _factual matrix_ in the present case also gives rise to the
additional question of how a liquidator should _balance_ the competing
interests of the company and a defendant to an action brought in the company’s
name. In the present case, the breaches of the estate costs rule arose because
the liquidators paid _ECRC’s legal costs_ in the main suit and the main appeal
in priority to the appellants’ legal costs. Most of these payments to ECRC’s
solicitors, ALP, took place whilst the main suit was _still ongoing_ and
_before_ the costs order against ECRC had been made. The liquidators’
infringements of the estate costs rule were therefore a _direct consequence_
of having to finance the suit from which the company’s subsequent liability in
costs to the appellants arose. As a result, the question of whether the
liquidators should be held personally liable raises an inherent tension
between the interest in maximising the recovery of an insolvent company’s
assets and the need to protect the interests of a successful defendant to an
action brought by such a company.

26 In this regard, a number of cases appear to suggest that a liquidator’s
duty to recover the company’s assets takes precedence over a defendant’s
interests. According to Millett LJ in _Metalloy_ ([11] _supra_) at 1620, the
liquidator of an insolvent company is under no duty to ensure that the
company’s assets would be sufficient to satisfy _both_ _the company’s as well
as a successful defendant’s legal costs_. In addition, as he subsequently held
in another case, “[i]t is preferable that a successful defendant should suffer
the injustice of irrecoverable costs than that a plaintiff with a genuine
claim should be prevented from pursuing it”: _Abraham v Thompson_ [1997] 4 All
ER 362 at 377.

27 However, whilst there may be compelling reasons to facilitate a
liquidator’s recovery of corporate assets, equally, it may be said that a
successful defendant has a right to be paid his legal costs. The need to
protect a defendant against an unsatisfied costs order may be said to be _a
fortiori_ where the plaintiff is a company that is _already_ in insolvent
liquidation. Such a company is in effect little more than an empty shell. The
emphasis placed on a liquidator’s duty to recover the company’s assets must
also be reconciled with s 323(1) of the CA, which provides that a liquidator
shall not be liable to incur any expense if the company does not have
sufficient assets. Cases such as _Metalloy_ therefore need to be re-evaluated
to ensure that the credence accorded to the realisation of an insolvent
company’s assets is reconcilable with the general purport of the corporate
insolvency regime.

28 These divergent considerations must be reconciled before this court can
decide whether the liquidators should be held liable for the appellants’
unpaid costs. The resolution of these competing factors will require an
assessment of the policy concerns underpinning each of them in order to
determine which of them are consonant with the statutory framework of our CA.

**Personal liability for infringing the estate costs rule**

29 To support the imposition of personal liability upon liquidators who breach
the estate costs rule, the appellants cited a plethora of authority, including
some cases where the liquidator was made liable for costs incurred in
litigation that was commenced _in his own name_. These cases are inapplicable
since the issue presently in contention concerns a liquidator’s potential
liability for the costs of proceedings brought _in the company’s name_. Where
a liquidator brings an action _in his own name_ , he is himself a party to the
proceedings and therefore “litigates at his own risk”: _In re_ _Wilson Lovatt
& Sons Ltd_ [1977] 1 All ER 274 at 285. That being the case, he will be held
liable for the opposing party’s costs even if the company’s assets are
inadequate to provide a complete indemnity: _In re Staffordshire Gas and Coke
Company_ [1893] 3 Ch 523 at 526. In contrast, where litigation is commenced
_in the company’s name_ , the liquidator is a non-party, and an order of costs
against him _would not follow as a matter of course_ : _Project Construction &
Development Pty Ltd v Ellison_ [2002] NSWSC 372. But, as we will observe
later, a liquidator’s status as a non-party will not always be sufficient
reason to shield him from personal liability, especially when he has other
means at his behest to protect himself against an order for costs.

30 In our view, case law clearly requires a liquidator who makes payments in
breach of the estate costs rule to remedy his breach. _Pacific Coast_ ([9]
_supra_) is direct authority for this proposition. In that case, the company
in question went into voluntary liquidation. Following that, the liquidator of
the company commenced an action against B Ltd in the company’s name. Judgment
was entered for B Ltd with costs, which were taxed at £300. At the date of the
judgment, the company still had assets amounting to about £500. However, the
liquidator subsequently paid out £375 in legal fees to the solicitors who
represented the company in the action, and made a few other disbursements.
This left him with a balance of approximately £86, which he paid to B Ltd. B
Ltd then applied for an order that the liquidator of the company pay the
remainder of its unpaid costs of about £214. Neville J ordered the liquidator
to pay B Ltd its outstanding costs and held (at 28–29):

Here the liquidator had moneys in his hands which would now have been
applicable to the payment of the taxed costs of the applicants had he not
applied them in payment of his own solicitors’ costs which were subject to the
prior claim of the applicants [B Ltd]. I hold, therefore, that he must pay the
applicants their taxed costs of the action, and he may repay himself out of
any further assets that may come to his hands.

31 In its written submissions, ECRC contends that _Pacific Coast_ merely
emphasises the application of the estate costs rule, and is not authority for
the proposition that a liquidator will be ordered to personally repay any sums
paid out in breach of the estate costs rule. It submits that the _ratio_ of
the case was simply that where judgment with costs is ordered against a
company in liquidation, the party entitled to costs is entitled to payment
_before_ the liquidator’s costs are paid, regardless of whether the order is
merely for costs, or for costs to be paid out of the company’s assets. In his
judgment, the judge concurred with ECRC on this point, and held that the issue
of whether a liquidator could be made to personally bear any shortfall in
costs did not arise for determination in _Pacific Coast_ : GD ([11] _supra_)
at [23]–[25].

32 With respect, both the judge and ECRC erred in their reading of _Pacific
Coast_. Neville J’s order (see [30] above) was clearly an order that entailed
personal liability on the part of the liquidator in question. The company had
no assets at the time the order was made. The ruling that the liquidator could
subsequently avail himself of any additional assets coming into the company’s
hands did not immunise him from having to personally make good B Ltd’s costs
first. As a result of Neville J’s order, it was the liquidator, and not B Ltd,
who had to bear the risk of the company not having sufficient assets to pay
_both_ B Ltd and the company’s solicitors.

33 During the hearing, counsel for ECRC additionally referred us to a passage
in the Australian case of _Hypec_ ([14] _supra_), which he contended supported
his position. There, Campbell J stated (at 102):

I am not aware of any case where a court has ordered a liquidator, in the
exercise of its supervisory jurisdiction over liquidators, to pay the costs
which have been ordered against the company as a result of litigation which
was instigated and carried through by the liquidator.

Counsel further pointed out that Campbell J had referred to _Pacific Coast_
([9] _supra_) in his judgment and submitted that that was conclusive evidence
that _Pacific Coast_ did not decide that personal liability could be imposed
on liquidators who breach the estate costs rule. This argument is devoid of
substance. In our view, counsel misunderstood the purport of the passage
above. The interpretation placed on Campbell J’s _dictum_ must be tempered by
the fact that his attention in _Hypec_ was directed towards a _completely
different aspect_ of the court’s supervisory jurisdiction over liquidators.
_Pacific Coast_ and the estate costs rule were in fact only referred to _en
passant_ (at 103) as _another_ distinct example of how the court’s supervisory
jurisdiction might be exercised. We will return to this point later in this
judgment (see [51]–[53] below).

34 When confronted with the actual terms of the order in _Pacific Coast_ ,
counsel for ECRC conceded that Neville J’s order did in fact result in the
liquidator having to assume _personal liability_ for the deficit caused by his
breach of the estate costs rule. However, he then contended that the decision
in _Pacific Coast_ had been made erroneously, contrary to the decision in _In
re R Bolton and Company_ [1895] 1 Ch 333 (“ _Re Bolton_ ”). In _Re Bolton_ , a
contributory brought an action _against the liquidator of a company_ , seeking
to have its name removed from the list of contributories. The claim succeeded
on appeal, and the liquidator was ordered to pay the costs of the appeal and
of the application out of the company’s assets. The contributory sought to
vary that order by directing the liquidator to personally pay its costs. The
Court of Appeal rejected the contributory’s attempt to hold the liquidator
personally liable, holding that since the application had been taken out by
the contributory against the liquidator and not _vice versa_ , the
contributory’s costs would be paid out of the company’s assets: _Re Bolton_ at
334. Counsel for ECRC placed particular reliance on Lindley LJ’s statement
that “an order ought [not] to be made against the liquidator personally …
unless the liquidator _has done something to make himself personally liable
for the costs_ ” [emphasis added]: _Re Bolton_ at 334.

35 In our opinion, _Re Bolton_ does not assist ECRC. First, the case concerned
litigation in which the _liquidator_ of the company was the _defendant_ , and
is clearly distinguishable from the case before us where the _company_ itself
is the _plaintiff_. Second, Lindley LJ’s statement of principle left
unanswered the critical question of when a liquidator “has done something” to
make himself personally liable. In our view, even if we were to apply Lindley
LJ’s statement of principle to the liquidators’ conduct in the present case,
the answer to this question has been provided by _Pacific Coast_ , which
illustrates that a liquidator does “something” to make himself liable when he
breaches the estate costs rule.

**_Personal liability for breaching other priority rules_**

36 There are other authorities that in principle support the ruling in
_Pacific Coast_ ([9] _supra_). These are cases where liquidators have been
held personally liable for breaches of _other_ kinds of priority rules. In
_Tideturn_ ([14] _supra_), the Deputy Commissioner of Taxation sought to hold
a liquidator personally liable for his failure to ensure the retention of
moneys to pay group tax. The taxes were post-liquidation debts payable in
priority to other creditors’ claims. The Commissioner made no allegations of
dishonesty, but instead contended that the liquidator’s negligence in failing
to ensure that all priority debts were paid proportionately sufficed to render
him liable. The court held that the liquidator, in failing to follow the
priority rules, was in breach of duty and was personally liable to pay the
unpaid group tax as a condition to his release as a liquidator: _Tideturn_ at
156.

37 _Tideturn_ clearly supports the proposition that a liquidator who breaches
a priority rule should be held personally liable. With respect, the judge
erred in holding that _Tideturn_ was “unhelpful” to the appellants’ case: GD
([11] _supra_) at [32]. In the judge’s own words:

There, upon the application of the Deputy Commissioner of Taxation, _a
liquidator was held personally responsible for his failure to retain moneys
for tax purposes, and was made to cough up the moneys he had failed to hold
back_. [emphasis added]

The analogy between _Tideturn_ and the present case, where the appellants seek
to hold the liquidators liable for _failing to withhold the company’s assets_
to pay their legal costs, is undeniable. The judge’s rejection of _Tideturn_
stemmed from his misapprehension that the appellants sought to hold the
liquidators liable _simply because_ they had failed in legal proceedings
commenced on behalf of an insolvent estate: GD at [32].

38 ECRC sought to distinguish _Tideturn_ on the ground that it concerned a
breach of a _statutory_ priority rule whereas the estate costs rule is a
_common law_ rule. According to counsel for ECRC, it would be inequitable to
hold insolvency practitioners liable for breaches of _common law_ priority
rules since they would not be aware of such rules. We find this submission to
be wholly misconceived. Ignorance of the law is no excuse, even in civil
matters. There is, or should be, no difference in principle between a
statutory rule and a common law rule.

39 A liquidator’s personal liability for breaches of _common law_ priority
rules was also upheld in _Dominion of Canada_ ([14] _supra_). In that case,
the liquidator’s solicitor, Beall, sought an order that the company be ordered
to pay his legal fees. The liquidator had earlier paid a successful litigant
against the company, Kirby, his costs in the relevant action. The company was
insolvent, and had insufficient assets to discharge _both_ Kirby’s and Beall’s
claims. Beall argued that the liquidator had breached a common law priority
rule, established in the case of _In re Dronfield Silkstone Coal Company (No
2)_ (1883) 23 Ch D 511, which required that the general costs of winding up be
paid _pari passu_ with the costs of internal litigation.

40 Pearson J’s _dictum_ in _Dominion of Canada_ supports a finding of personal
liability against a liquidator who applies the company’s moneys in breach of
_common law_ priority rules. According to Pearson J (at 36):

If … the liquidator were wrong in paying Mr Kirby, and if Mr Kirby ought to
have been paid _pari passu_ with the general costs of the liquidation, then
_the liquidator ought to have, and must be deemed to have, a larger sum in his
hands than he has accounted for_. [emphasis added]

Though the court ultimately found that the liquidator had been correct in
paying Kirby in priority to Beall, the passage quoted above clearly suggests
that if the liquidator had been in breach of a common law priority rule, he
would have been held personally liable for the company’s inability to pay
Beall because of his wrongful prior payment to Kirby.

41 The judge failed to consider this aspect of Pearson J’s judgment when he
held that _Dominion of Canada_ “merely affirmed the estate costs rule or
showed how the rule was to be applied, _viz_ , a liquidator having to
subordinate the payment of his costs to the payment of the winning party’s
costs”: GD ([11] _supra_) at [31]. The decision in _Dominion of Canada_ did
not stop at merely affirming the efficacy of the estate costs rule, but went
on to stipulate the _consequences_ that would follow from a breach thereof.

42 In our view, _Tideturn_ and _Dominion of Canada_ reinforce the correctness
of the decision in _Pacific Coast_. These cases confirm that the imposition of
personal liability for a breach of the estate costs rule is just a
manifestation of the _general_ approach towards breaches of priority rules in
corporate liquidation.

**_The requirement of “impropriety” – adjudicatory_ versus _supervisory
jurisdiction_**

43 To support its argument that there is no general principle requiring a
liquidator to be held personally liable for breaching the estate costs rule,
ECRC additionally submits that established jurisprudence states that where a
liquidator commences an action in the company’s name, the court can _only_
order the liquidator to pay costs where there has been _impropriety_ _in his
conduct of the action_. As authority for its proposition, ECRC cites the
English Court of Appeal decision in _Metalloy_ ([11] _supra_). This submission
was accepted by the judge in the court below: GD ([11] _supra_) at [19].

44 The appellants’ contention on this point is that the judge erred in
accepting ECRC’s submission. Counsel submitted that the impropriety of a
liquidator’s conduct in the litigation is not the _only_ instance when a
liquidator may be visited with personal liability for a defendant’s costs.
When considering the circumstances in which a liquidator should be made
personally liable for costs, a distinction must be drawn between: (a) the
_adjudicatory_ jurisdiction of the court _hearing the litigation_ to order
costs against a non-party; and (b) the _supervisory_ jurisdiction of the court
over liquidators. In the former, the court would be more concerned with the
reasonableness and propriety of the liquidator’s conduct of _the litigation_.
No issue concerning the breach of priority rules would arise. Conversely, in
the latter situation, it would not be necessary in all cases to show
misconduct by the liquidator in his conduct of the litigation. According to
the appellants, _Metalloy_ was concerned with the court’s _adjudicatory_
jurisdiction to order costs against non-parties, and is not authority for the
scope of the court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction to order a liquidator to
personally pay a defendant’s costs.

45 In our view, the distinction which counsel for the appellants has drawn
between the court’s supervisory and adjudicatory jurisdictions is well-
founded. The court’s power to order costs against a non-party under O 59 r
2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) is
_ancillary_ to its jurisdiction to adjudicate the merits of the case. Such an
order is a “ _consequential order_ that _follows the principal decision_
reached by the court with regard to the issues of the case” [emphasis added]:
_Chin Yoke Choong Bobby v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 137 at [26].
As such, an order of costs made in exercise of this power would be
_inextricably linked_ with the main proceedings as a result of which the costs
were incurred. Hence, when deciding whether to order costs against a non-
party, the court would naturally be concerned with factors relating to the
proceedings, and nothing else. As stated by Lindsay J in _Eastglen Ltd (in
liquidation) v Grafton_ [1996] 2 BCLC 279 at 289:

[T]he bona fides of the proceedings and of the non-party’s support for them
are an important feature of the … discretion [to order costs against a non-
party].

46 In contrast, the court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction over liquidators is
significantly broader and extends beyond the purview of the liquidator’s
conduct of the litigation in question. Section 313(2) of the CA provides that
the court “shall take cognizance of the conduct of liquidators”, and allows
the court, _inter alia_ , to inquire into any complaint made by a creditor
regarding the liquidator’s performance of his duties or observance of the
prescribed requirements, and to “take such action as it thinks fit”. In
addition, s 315 of the CA allows any person aggrieved by _any act_ of the
liquidator to apply to court, and confers the court in question with the power
to reverse or modify the act complained of and make such order “as it thinks
just”. These provisions confer a _broad_ power on the courts to supervise
_all_ aspects of a liquidator’s conduct of the winding up to ensure that his
conduct accords with the statutory regime of liquidation dictated by the CA.
Hence, the court would be justified, in exercising its supervisory
jurisdiction under the CA, to order a liquidator to pay a defendant’s costs
_even if_ he had conducted the proceedings properly, provided that there was
some _other_ aspect of his conduct that rendered such an order equitable.

47 In the present case, the appellants’ application to render the liquidators
personally liable is one which was made pursuant to this court’s _supervisory_
, and not adjudicatory, jurisdiction. The court’s jurisdiction to order costs
under O 59 of the Rules was already spent by the time the application was
made. The application was made _after_ costs orders in the main suit and in
the main appeal had _already been made against ECRC_. Therefore, what is
currently sought is an exercise of the court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction over
the liquidators under the CA to render them liable for failing to accord the
appellant’s _established_ entitlement to costs with the requisite priority.

48 It follows from this conclusion that ECRC’s reliance on _Metalloy_ ([11]
_supra_) is misplaced. In _Metalloy_ , the liquidator of a company had
commenced an action in the company’s name. The defendants successfully
obtained an order of security for costs, which the company failed to satisfy.
As a result, the action against the defendants was dismissed. The defendants
then sought an order that the liquidator be made personally liable for the
defendants’ costs in the action. In our view, the English Court of Appeal was,
in that case, dealing with the issue of whether the court should exercise
_its_ _adjudicatory jurisdiction to order costs against a non-party_. This is
evident from the following passage in Waller LJ’s judgment (at 1618):

I think … that there is jurisdiction to order a liquidator _as a non-party_ to
pay the costs personally; but it will only be in exceptional cases that the
jurisdiction will be exercised, and impropriety will be a necessary
ingredient, particularly having regard to the fact that the normal remedy of
obtaining an order for security for costs is available; the caution necessary
_in all cases where an attempt is being made to render a non-party liable for
costs_ will be the greater in the case of a liquidator having regard to the
public policy considerations. [emphasis added]

49 If ECRC’s interpretation of _Metalloy_ were correct, we would have to
reconcile it with _Pacific Coast_ ([9] _supra_), which clearly establishes
that a liquidator can be made liable for costs even if his conduct _of the
litigation_ was not improper. In our view however, _Metalloy_ and _Pacific
Coast_ are nothing more than _discrete examples_ of how liquidators may find
themselves being made personally liable for costs, and are not in conflict
with each other.

**_Scope of court’s supervisory jurisdiction over liquidators_**

50 Our findings as regards _Metalloy_ do not completely dispose of ECRC’s
submissions on this point. ECRC’s reliance on the requirement of impropriety
_concerning_ _the litigation_ rests additionally on another authority, which
cannot be similarly disposed of by relying on the distinction between the
court’s adjudicatory and supervisory jurisdictions. ECRC submits that even if
this court is not minded to accept _Metalloy_ as authority for the proposition
which ECRC advances, we should in any event accept the principle adopted by
the New South Wales Supreme Court in _Hypec_ ([14] _supra_). In that case, the
liquidator of a company was made personally liable for a defendant’s costs
because it was found that he had acted unreasonably in causing the company to
commence the litigation. Campbell J held that the court would _only_ exercise
its _supervisory_ jurisdiction over liquidators and hold a liquidator
personally liable for a defendant’s costs _if the liquidator had acted
improperly in causing the defendant to incur the costs in question._ ECRC
places particular reliance on the following statement from Campbell J’s
judgment (at 102):

_I cannot identify any principle on which the Court would_ , _in exercise of
its supervisory jurisdiction_ , order a liquidator to pay costs of litigation
brought by a company in liquidation when those costs are properly incurred, in
the Beddoe sense [_ie_ , reasonably and honestly]. [emphasis added]

According to ECRC, Campbell J’s statement supports the conclusion that even
the court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction over liquidators is limited to
instances where the liquidator had acted with some unreasonableness _in the
conduct of the litigation_.

51 To our minds, though _Hypec_ was a case involving the court’s supervisory,
and not adjudicatory, jurisdiction, one must always ask the additional
question: _Which act_ of the liquidator was the court seeking to “supervise”?
In _Hypec_ , the issue was whether a liquidator should be made personally
liable for litigation costs that were _unreasonably incurred_ which, as a
result, were not payable out of the company’s assets under the Australian
Corporations Act 2001. The case therefore involved the court’s supervisory
jurisdiction over the liquidator’s decision _to commence and conduct
litigation in the company’s name_. One should not treat Campbell J’s _dictum_
as excluding the court’s supervisory jurisdiction over _other acts_ of
liquidators which may similarly render them personally liable for the costs of
an action. In the present case, this court is being asked to exercise its
supervisory jurisdiction over a different kind of conduct from that in _Hypec_
, _ie_ , a liquidator’s decision _to make payments in breach of the estate
costs rule_. For this reason, the decision in _Hypec_ is not relevant to the
exercise of our supervisory jurisdiction over this matter.

52 It is evident from _Hypec_ itself that Campbell J did not intend the _sole_
criterion of a liquidator’s personal liability for costs to be that of whether
the costs in question were “properly incurred”. Immediately after the passage
which ECRC has cited (see [33] above), Campbell J went on to observe (at 102):

As well as this inherent jurisdiction, s 536 of the Corporations Act confers
power on the Court with administrative control of the liquidation, in
appropriate cases, _to order that a liquidator should personally pay the
amount which the company has been ordered to pay under a costs order_.
However, that power is dependent upon whether any of the circumstances
identified in s 536 have arisen. _That, in turn, depends on questions of
whether the liquidator has performed his or her duties_. [emphasis added]

53 Section 536(1)(b) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 provides that:

[W]here a complaint is made to the Court … by any person with respect to the
conduct of a liquidator in connection with the performance of his or her
duties, the Court … may inquire into the matter and … take such action as it
thinks fit.

This provision is, in effect, no different from s 313(2) of our CA, which
states that:

[T]he Court shall take cognizance of the conduct of liquidators, and if a
liquidator does not faithfully perform his duties … or if any complaint is
made to the Court by any creditor … in regard thereto, the Court shall inquire
into the matter and take such action as it thinks fit.

Accordingly, even in _Hypec_ itself, Campbell J recognised that the court’s
supervisory jurisdiction over liquidators could extend to ordering a
liquidator who has breached his duties (in our case, the estate costs rule) to
pay costs, even if he is beyond reproach _vis-à-vis_ the conduct of the
litigation itself.

54 In the ultimate analysis, _Metalloy_ and _Hypec_ were really cases which
dealt with a liquidator’s liability for an opposing litigant’s expenses _qua_
costs. The courts’ focus in these cases was accordingly directed to the
liquidator’s conduct in the litigation as a result of which these costs had
been incurred. These cases have no bearing on the present case, which concerns
a liquidator’s liability for a successful defendant’s litigation expenses
_qua_ a debt of the company. The issue which is presently before us is not
whether the liquidators acted reasonably in causing the appellants to incur
the costs in question (under the _Hypec_ test) or whether the liquidators
acted with impropriety in the conduct of the main suit and the main appeal
(under the _Metalloy_ test), but whether ECRC’s debt to the appellants (for
their costs in the main suit and the main appeal) has been accorded the proper
treatment by the liquidators. On the authority of cases such as _Pacific
Coast_ ([9] _supra_), _Tideturn_ ([14] _supra_) and _Dominion of Canada_ ([14]
_supra_), we find that an order of personal liability _should_ be made against
a liquidator if he has failed to accord a costs order against the company with
the requisite degree of priority required under the estate costs rule.

**Competing interests in collection of corporate assets**

55 Our enquiry thus far has led us to the conclusion that imposing personal
liability for infringing the estate costs rule would accord with established
principle and authority. However, an additional issue that needs to be
addressed is whether the imposition of personal liability _on the present
facts_ would breach any broader principle of corporate insolvency law.

56 As we mentioned earlier, the moneys paid out in breach of the estate costs
rule were applied towards satisfying ECRC’s own legal costs for the main suit
and main appeal. At the time when most of these payments were made, it was
still a distinct possibility that ECRC might win the main suit and avoid any
liability in costs to the appellants. To our minds, the issue is really as
follows: When a company in liquidation commences an action with limited funds,
is the liquidator entitled to use the funds available to sustain the
litigation and risk irreparably prejudicing the defendant in the event that
the company loses the action and a costs order against the company is made?

57 Based on our analysis above, where a liquidator has sufficient assets in
his hands to fully discharge the defendant’s legal costs, the estate costs
rule clearly prohibits a liquidator from jeopardising a defendant’s interest
in this manner and requires the liquidator to preserve the company’s assets to
ensure that the company will be able to meet any costs order made against it.
It may be argued that such a ruling could deter or impede insolvent companies
from commencing litigation to recover their assets. In situations where a
company’s assets are inadequate to meet _both_ its legal fees and the opposing
litigant’s costs, liquidators would, on pain of personal liability, have to
preserve the company’s assets unless and until the entire action is determined
and the issue of entitlement to costs is decided. In these circumstances, a
liquidator might be hard pressed to find continuing legal representation for
the company. Few lawyers would be willing to hold their legal fees in abeyance
or to agree to defer receiving payment thereof until: (a) the opposing
litigant’s potential entitlement to costs is resolved; and (b) if a costs
order against the company is indeed made, the opposing litigant’s costs are
fully paid.

58 In our view, there are two possible considerations which might weigh
against inhibiting corporate litigation in this manner. First, a liquidator
has a _duty_ to recover assets belonging to the company, and therefore should
be allowed to take all necessary measures to do so. Second, this would create
a _de facto_ requirement that creditors should provide liquidators of
insolvent companies with the requisite indemnities before commencing
litigation. The difficulty in obtaining such indemnities would consequently
prevent genuine claims from being ventilated. However, for the reasons that
follow, it is our view that neither of these concerns is sufficiently
important to overrule a strict application of the estate costs rule.

**_A liquidator’s duty to recover the company’s assets_**

59 In situations where a company would not be able to pay _both_ the
defendant’s and its own legal costs, a liquidator’s duty to adhere to the
estate costs rule and his duty to recover assets rightfully belonging to the
company may seem to pull him in opposing directions. In our view, this
conflict is apparent rather than real. Whilst a liquidator has a duty to
recover the company’s assets, this duty is not absolute and is subject to the
overriding question of whether the company’s existing assets are sufficient to
enable him to do so.

60 Section 323(1) of the CA, which applies to every mode of winding up,
provides that:

Unless expressly directed to do so by the Official Receiver, a liquidator
_shall not be liable to incur any expense_ in relation to the winding up of a
company unless there are sufficient available assets. [emphasis added]

Accordingly, if a company does not have sufficient resources, the liquidator
need not commence any action on the company’s behalf unless so directed by the
Official Receiver. Similarly, if no lawyer will act for the company unless his
legal fees are paid upfront and as the case proceeds, but the liquidator is
unsure whether the company’s existing assets would be sufficient to meet
_both_ the opposing litigant’s potential costs and the company’s own legal
fees, the liquidator would be completely justified on the authority of s
323(1) in refraining from commencing the litigation.

61 In advocating the need to give credence to a liquidator’s duty to get in
assets, counsel for ECRC has placed much emphasis on the following passage
from Millett LJ’s judgment in _Metalloy_ ([11] _supra_). Millett LJ held (at
1620) that:

_Where a limited company is in insolvent liquidation, the liquidator is under
a statutory duty to collect in its assets. This may require him to bring
proceedings._ If he does so in his own name, he is personally liable for the
costs in the ordinary way, though he may be entitled to an indemnity out of
the assets of the company. _If he brings proceedings in the name of the
company, the company is the real plaintiff and he is not. He is under no
obligation to the defendant to protect his interests by ensuring that he has
sufficient funds in hand to pay their costs as well as his own if the
proceedings fail._ [emphasis added]

62 This passage suggests that in situations such as the present, where the
company’s assets are inadequate to meet both the defendant’s and its own legal
costs, a liquidator should give precedence to his duty to recover the
company’s assets and may legitimately disregard any potential prejudice to the
defendant if the claim should fail. However, we would point out that the
Singapore position on liquidators’ duties to recover corporate assets differs
from the English position. Section 323(1) of our CA (see [60] above) appears
to be absent from the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK). Section 202 of the UK
Insolvency Act allows the liquidator of a company to apply for an early
dissolution of the company on the ground that the company’s realisable assets
are insufficient to cover the expenses of winding up. However, under s 202(4),
the liquidator is only discharged from performing his duties _after_ he gives
the company’s creditors and contributories notice of his intention to make
such an application. These two sections, read together, suggest that the
_default_ position under the UK Act is that unless and until proceedings to
obtain a dissolution order are commenced, a liquidator remains subject to the
full extent of his statutory duties, regardless of whether the company has
sufficient assets for him to do so. In contrast, s 323(1) of our CA _prima
facie_ allows a liquidator to abstain from taking _any_ action where the
company’s assets are insufficient.

63 Millett LJ’s _dictum_ in _Metalloy_ (see [61] above) is therefore
inapplicable locally. A liquidator’s duty to get in corporate assets is no
excuse for him to pay the company’s solicitors in breach of the estate costs
rule. In light of s 323(1), a liquidator does not need to single-mindedly
pursue the recovery of the company’s assets. Where the company has
insufficient assets, he may have to exercise prudence to hold in abeyance his
duty to recover the company’s assets. The estate costs rule therefore assumes
primary importance. In our view, a Singapore liquidator _does_ have a positive
duty to avoid subjecting a defendant to the unfairness of an unsatisfied costs
order.

**_The requirement of obtaining an indemnity_**

64 The practical effect of holding the liquidators personally liable would be
to require liquidators to obtain an indemnity from the creditors if they wish
to bring an action but the company has limited assets. In the future, when
liquidators are faced with a situation where the company’s existing assets are
not sufficient to fund the legal costs of an unsuccessful suit, they should
look to the creditors to fund the litigation. If no indemnity is forthcoming,
they would have to decide whether to commence litigation for fear of being
held personally liable for breaching the estate costs rule. In some cases,
this might result in meritorious claims having to be abandoned. However, in
our view, this is a justifiable consequence of the creditors’ refusal to
provide an indemnity.

65 During the hearing, counsel for ECRC stressed that this _de facto_
requirement of obtaining an indemnity would make it arduous for liquidators to
sue since creditors are often reluctant to provide any form of indemnity. With
respect, we do not consider that the difficulty of obtaining an indemnity is a
relevant factor that should affect the outcome of the present appeal. The
following passage from Vaughan Williams J’s decision in _LMC_ ([9] _supra_)
unequivocally rejects any suggestion that the difficulty in obtaining an
indemnity should be a reason not to enforce the estate costs rule. According
to Williams J (at 768):

It is said that if liquidators were bound at once to pay the costs of
successful litigants, winding-up would soon come to an end. But that is not
so. _If necessary, creditors in liquidations, as in bankruptcy, must provide
an indemnity fund_. If the result of the rule of practice I am laying down is
that, where liquidators now start proceedings knowing there is no estate on
which the adverse litigant can come, creditors should find that liquidators
will not go on without an indemnity fund, so much the better. _I am not to be
deterred from laying down the rule because it is suggested that, where there
is a doubt as to the sufficiency of the assets, liquidators will be deterred
from commencing proceedings because those who have present claims may swallow
up the assets_. [emphasis added]

66 The creation of a _de facto_ requirement that liquidators seek an indemnity
would not lead to any unjust consequences. Under sub-s (2) to s 323 of the CA,
which section is titled “Expenses of winding up where assets insufficient”, if
the Official Receiver directs a liquidator to incur an expense, he may order
that the liquidator be indemnified by _the contributory or the creditor who
requested that that particular expense be incurred_. The Official Receiver
will, perforce, order an indemnity if the company has insufficient assets to
pay for the expense in question. In our view, s 323(2) is reflective of a
broader underlying principle which should determine whether a liquidator
should initiate an action on the company’s behalf. The principle may be stated
as follows: Where a company is insolvent and the liquidator has insufficient
resources at his disposal to take a particular course of action, _the
individual who reaps the fruit of that action should be the one to shoulder
the risk of taking it_.

67 When a liquidator commences an action in the company’s name to recover its
assets, the potential beneficiaries are the company’s creditors. It is the
creditors who stand to gain the most if the company’s assets are increased
because their claims against the company will have a greater chance of being
satisfied. In the passage from _Metalloy_ cited at [61] above, Millett LJ
expressed the view that where an insolvent company commences litigation, “
_the company_ is the real plaintiff” [emphasis added]. With respect, we
disagree with this statement. Where a company has already entered into
liquidation, the “real plaintiff[s]” are _the creditors_ , and not the
company. When winding up commences, the company ceases to be a going concern
with distinct interests of its own and is, in effect, little more than a
projection of its creditors’ composite interests. The continued existence of
the company following the commencement of liquidation is solely to ensure that
the company’s affairs are satisfactorily terminated and any outstanding claims
against the company are resolved. The fruits of any successful litigation
would accrue primarily for the creditors’ benefit and be used to satisfy the
company’s outstanding debts owed to them.

68 Hence, if a liquidator believes that the company has a viable cause of
action against someone, but the company’s assets appear to be insufficient to
sustain _both_ the company’s legal fees and the opposing party’s costs, the
proper course of action is for the liquidator to seek an indemnity from the
creditors for the costs of the litigation. Since the creditors are the
ultimate beneficiaries of any asset-swelling activities, it is only fair that
they should shoulder the risk of litigating to increase the company’s assets.
If the creditors decide against incurring litigation expenses in the hope of
recovering more assets, the liquidator can either shoulder this burden
himself, or refrain from bringing proceedings. His status as a liquidator does
not entitle him to disregard a successful defendant’s right to legal costs by
unilaterally ignoring the estate costs rule and depleting the company’s
available resources.

69 As a cautionary note to insolvency practitioners, we should point out that
given our statutory framework (see [60] above), this rationale for imposing
personal liability should apply _equally_ to situations where a liquidator
commences proceedings though the company’s coffers are _completely empty_ and
it has no assets to satisfy _either its own or the defendant’s legal costs_.
It may be necessary in future to revisit the English position in _Metalloy_
([11] _supra_) that a liquidator is not liable to pay costs personally in such
situations unless he has acted improperly in commencing the suit in the name
of the company. It may well be that where, as here, the law allows a
liquidator to desist from taking action if the company does not have any or
sufficient assets to meet the full costs of the litigation, and where, as
here, he is entitled to an indemnity from the creditors in performing his duty
to augment the pool of assets for their benefit, a liquidator who proceeds to
commence litigation without an adequate indemnity will be liable personally
for the unsatisfied costs of a successful defendant. In deciding to proceed
without an indemnity covering potential liability for the defendant’s costs,
the liquidator would in effect be making _the defendants_ bear the part of the
risk of litigating, albeit for _the creditors’_ benefit. Such a result would
not be fair and a liquidator who chooses to sue knowing that the company will
be unable to satisfy any costs order made against it should be held personally
liable for a successful defendant’s costs.

70 In reaching this conclusion, we are mindful of the over-arching principle
that an impecunious claimant must not be denied access to the courts, even if
this would result in injustice to a successful defendant who may be unable to
recover his legal costs: _Hamilton v Al Fayed (No 2)_ [2003] QB 1175 (“ _Al
Fayed_ ”) at 1200, _per_ Chadwick LJ. However, we do not feel that imposing
personal liability on liquidators in the situations outlined above would
contravene this principle. As explained above, where a company in liquidation
commences litigation, the “real plaintiff[s]” are the creditors. If the
creditors _themselves_ decide against commencing litigation, it cannot be
gainsaid that they have been denied access to the courts. It has always been
an individual’s prerogative to decide how and _whether_ he wishes to enforce
his legal rights.

71 In addition, we feel that the courts’ approach to the principle expressed
in _Al Fayed_ must be sufficiently nuanced to discern between _different
categories of impecunious claimants_. The balance between a claimant’s right
of access to the courts and a successful defendant’s right to be reimbursed
his legal costs needs to be struck _differently_ depending on the type of
claimant involved. The distinction that needs to be drawn between differing
categories of claimants is illustrated by the principles governing security
for costs. Whilst it is trite law that poverty is no bar to a litigant who is
a _natural person_ (_Cowell v Taylor_ (1885) 31 Ch D 34 at 38), s 388(1) of
the CA subjects all _companies_ to the potential liability to furnish security
for costs where “there is reason to believe that the company will be unable to
pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence”. As Megarry VC
stated in _Pearson v Naydler_ [1977] 1 WLR 899 at 905, the rationale for this
distinction between natural persons and companies is as follows:

_A man may bring into being as many limited companies as he wishes_ , with the
privilege of limited liability; and section 447 [the equivalent of our s 388]
provides some protection for the community against _litigious abuses by
artificial persons manipulated by natural persons_. One should be as slow to
whittle away this protection as one should be to whittle away a natural
person’s right to litigate despite poverty. [emphasis added]

72 In our view, the law on security for costs is express recognition that
impecunious companies do not have an unfettered freedom to commence legal
actions against defendants who cannot be compensated in costs if they win.
When one is dealing with a company rather than a natural person, public policy
is in favour of _limiting_ , rather than encouraging, uninhibited access to
the courts. This is _a fortiori_ where the company in question is already in
insolvent liquidation. In such cases, the high likelihood that a successful
defendant’s costs will be unrecoverable requires the law to give greater
protection to the defendant rather than the claimant company.

**_The sufficiency of security for costs_**

73 The availability of an order of security for costs against an impecunious
company gives rise to the additional question of whether such an order
provides a sufficient alternative to imposing personal liability upon
liquidators. A number of decisions suggest that the availability of an order
for security for costs provides sufficient protection for would-be defendants
since public policy does not _per se_ prohibit an insolvent company from
commencing litigation. In _Metalloy_ ([11] _supra_), Millett LJ aligned
himself with this view, saying (at 1619):

_It is not an abuse of process of the court or in any way improper or
unreasonable for an impecunious plaintiff to bring proceedings which are
otherwise proper and bona fide while lacking the means to pay the defendant’s
costs if they should fail._ Litigants do it every day, with or without legal
aid. If the plaintiff is an individual, the defendant’s only recourse is to
threaten the plaintiff with bankruptcy. _If the plaintiff is a limited
company, the defendant may apply for security for costs and have the
proceedings dismissed if the plaintiff fails to provide whatever security is
ordere_ d. [emphasis added]

74 Similarly, in _Knight v FP Special Assets Limited_ (1992) 174 CLR 178 (“
_Knight_ ”), two of the five judges in the High Court of Australia expressed
views similar to those of Millett LJ. In that case, the issue was whether the
court should order costs against a receiver _qua_ non-party to the litigation.
According to McHugh J (at 217):

As a matter of policy, provision for security for costs is a better remedy for
protecting persons involved in litigation with insolvent companies than
ordering a receiver to pay the costs of litigation after verdict. _Public
policy does not preclude an insolvent company from bringing or defending an
action._ _Where it does so, the ordinary remedy is to stay the action until
security for costs is provided._ [emphasis added]

Dawson J agreed, and held (at 204) that an order of security for costs should
ordinarily be the appropriate remedy where a receiver conducts litigation
through a company that will be unable to pay the defendant’s costs if the
defendant is successful in the litigation.

75 Contrary to what these _dicta_ suggest, for the reasons discussed above (at
[66]–[72]), there is a real and tangible justification for deterring insolvent
companies from commencing litigation without any real possibility of
satisfying a successful defendant’s costs. In addition, we are unable to align
ourselves with the view that security for costs provides adequate protection
for successful defendants who face the risk of bearing their own costs. McHugh
and Dawson JJ’s views in _Knight_ should be contrasted with the joint judgment
of the majority judges, Mason CJ and Deane J (at 190–191), with whom Gaudron J
agreed:

No doubt [an order for security for costs] is an appropriate remedy in many
cases but there are limitations attaching to the availability of security for
costs. _These limitations are such that security for costs is not a remedy in
all cases in which justice calls for an order for the award of costs against a
non-party_. … The amount awarded as security is no more than an estimate of
the future costs and it is not reasonable to expect a defendant to make
further applications to the court at every stage when it appears that the
costs are escalating so as to render the amount of security previously awarded
insufficient. [emphasis added]

76 We agree with the majority judgment in _Knight_ on this issue. First, an
order for security is a _provisional_ remedy provided at a preliminary stage
of the proceedings where the merits of the litigation have not been decided
upon. Thus, the court hearing a security application would invariably take a
conservative approach in order to balance the interests of all the parties.
For instance, the court may refuse to order security if the defendant’s
conduct is _prima facie_ the cause of the company’s insolvency: _Peng Ann_
([3] _supra_) at 633, [15].

77 Secondly, as was the situation here, where the defendant (here the
appellants) applies for security but is _successfully_ opposed by the
liquidator, it cannot lie in the liquidator’s mouth to subsequently contend
that an order granting security for costs is an appropriate remedy when it is
contradicted by the outcome of his own conduct.

78 Thirdly, a defendant cannot be expected, as ECRC has argued, to repeatedly
apply for security for costs when more costs accrue as the litigation
proceeds. As Mason CJ and Deane J pointed out in _Knight_ , it is simply not
practical for defendants to _continually_ apply for security for costs at
_every_ stage in the litigation against the company.

79 Fourthly, it is unfair to make defendants bear the burden of applying for
security. The liquidator is the person with full knowledge of the company’s
financial condition, and is therefore in the best position to know whether an
indemnity from the creditors is needed. A defendant would not know whether the
company has sufficient assets to pay his costs, but the liquidator would or
should know. The onus should therefore fall on a liquidator to seek an
indemnity from the creditors where necessary. It would place an overly onerous
burden on defendants if they have to determine from time to time in the course
of litigation whether the company is able to pay their costs if they succeed
in their defence.

80 For these reasons, we disagree with the strong judicial statements by
Millett LJ in _Metalloy_ (see [73] above) and by the minority judges in
_Knight_ (see [74] above) that security for costs furnishes adequate
protection against the possibility that an insolvent plaintiff company may be
unable to satisfy the defendant’s costs if it loses the action. None of the
statements considered the availability of an indemnity from the creditors as
an appropriate, and indeed the most equitable, means of balancing a
liquidator’s duties with a defendant’s interests. In our view, this is the
_best_ form of protection for a liquidator when discharging his duty to
recover the assets of the company for the benefit of the creditors.

**The liquidators’ liability for the outstanding shortfall**

81 For the reasons considered above, we hold that the liquidators in the
present case should be held personally liable for the secondary insolvency
resulting from their breach of the estate costs rule. If this court were to
refuse to hold the liquidators personally liable in the present case, it would
lead to the wholly inequitable result of making the successful defendants,
_ie_ , the appellants, bear the burden of sustaining the company’s litigation
for the creditors’ benefit. When the liquidators decided to pay ALP for their
legal fees in the main suit and main appeal, they knew or ought to have known
that ECRC’s remaining assets would not be sufficient to meet the defendants’
costs if they lost the case. As was correctly held in _In re_ _Beni-Felkai
Mining Company, Limited_ [1934] Ch 406 (“ _Beni-Felkai_ ”) at 422, the
liquidator is the “person who can see what the position is” and has the means
to ascertain the company’s financial position at any time. Yet, the
liquidators decided to proceed without an indemnity and exposed the
appellants’ to the risk of getting a Pyrrhic victory. It is therefore
eminently reasonable that the liquidators, and not the appellants, should bear
the consequences of deciding to proceed with the litigation despite the
company’s limited resources. As this court held in _Chee Kheong Mah Chaly v
Liquidators of Baring Futures (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 571 at [46]:

The rationale for the Estate Costs Rule is that where an action is taken by a
liquidator for the benefit of the insolvent estate, it is only fair that the
defendant’s costs should rank in priority over the liquidator’s expenses and
remuneration and the claims of the unsecured creditors in general. _The
liquidator should take the risk for his own actions_ : see _In re Home
Investment Society_ (1880) 14 Ch D 167 at 169 to 170. [emphasis added]

82 Notably, in _Wenborn_ ([18] _supra_), Buckley J held (at 417):

When the voluntary liquidator, or the liquidator in a compulsory winding up,
comes to the Court for leave to bring or defend an action by or against the
company, and obtains this leave, _the judge in effect pledges the assets of
the company for the costs of the action which he authorizes the liquidator to
bring or adopt or defend_. [emphasis added]

83 Even though leave of court is no longer needed for a liquidator to commence
litigation in the company’s name, the principle in _Wenborn_ still applies
with equal force. When a liquidator commences an action on behalf of the
company, he “pledges the assets of the company for the costs of the action” –
in particular the defendant’s costs, which would be entitled to first priority
if the company is unsuccessful. The liquidator therefore cannot use these
assets to pay claims of a lower priority before the outcome of the litigation
is determined.

84 As Mr Xavier has highlighted, the liquidators have been ordered to disgorge
all the sums that they had paid themselves as remuneration, even those paid
_before_ the main suit was commenced. Just as a liquidator should not pay
_himself_ until he is sure that the company will have sufficient assets to
satisfy any potential claims of a higher priority under the estate costs rule,
similarly, he should not pay _the company’s legal fees_ until he is sure of
the same. If he is unsure, he should seek an indemnity from the creditors to
meet any demand for legal fees by the company’s lawyers.

**_The court’s discretion to exempt liquidators from liability for costs_**

85 Section 283(3) of the CA confers the court with a discretionary power to
override the application of the estate costs rule in appropriate
circumstances. The section provides that where a company’s assets are
insufficient to satisfy its liabilities, _the court_ may stipulate the order
of priority in which “the costs, charges and expenses incurred in the winding
up” should be paid. The court’s power under s 283(3) allows it to
retroactively reverse the order of priorities between liquidation expenses
_inter se_ , thereby absolving a liquidator, who is otherwise in breach of the
common law priority rules, of personal liability. This discretion to reverse
the erstwhile order of priorities will only be exercised in _exceptional_
situations: _Re Linda Marie Ltd_ [1989] BCLC 46.

86 The ambit of the court’s power under s 283(3) is exemplified by the case of
_Beni-Felkai_ ([81] _supra_). In that case, the liquidator paid himself
without first making provision for the other liquidation creditors. In doing
so, he breached a general principle of corporate insolvency which dictates
that the whole of the liquidation expenses are to be paid before a
liquidator’s remuneration: _Beni-Felkai_ at 422. Notwithstanding this, Maugham
J declared that the liquidator was entitled to retain the remuneration he had
already paid himself. Maugham J held that the discretion under the UK
equivalent of our s 283(3) should be exercised to reverse the order of
priorities since the liquidator had taken his remuneration at a time when the
company was deemed to be completely solvent and “ _he had no reason to suppose
that there would be an insufficient amount_ available for the payment of the
costs, charges and expenses incurred in the winding up” [emphasis added]:
_Beni-Felkai_ at 422.

87 Similarly, where a liquidator pays the company’s legal costs in the course
of a trial, leaving the company with insufficient assets to satisfy a
subsequent costs order made against it, the court might, in a sufficiently
deserving case, be minded to exercise its discretion under s 283(3) to exempt
the liquidator from liability for his breach of the estate costs rule. For
instance, a liquidator might have paid the company’s legal fees without first
obtaining a creditors’ indemnity because he was of the _reasonable, albeit
erroneous,_ view that the company’s remaining assets would be sufficient to
discharge any costs order made against it. We should, however, reiterate that
the discretion under s 283(3) is one that will be exercised sparingly. If a
liquidator turns a blind eye to the limited nature of the company’s assets,
and recklessly decides to proceed without an indemnity from the creditors, the
court would undoubtedly uphold the general rules of priority and hold such a
liquidator personally liable.

88 On the present facts, there is nothing to suggest that there were any
unexpected or exceptional circumstances, such as in _Beni-Felkai_ , which
justified the liquidators’ decision to pay ALP in priority to the appellants.
In their affidavits, the liquidators never suggested that there was cause for
them to believe, when they paid ALP, that there would nevertheless be
sufficient funds to satisfy the appellants’ costs. ECRC appears to accept that
the liquidators will be liable once the appellants’ general propositions are
accepted, and has not called for this court to exercise its discretion under s
283(3) of the CA.

89 In addition to the absence of any extenuating circumstances to mitigate the
liquidators’ breach of the estate costs rule, their ignorance or denial, as
the case may be, of this rule was made even less defensible by the fact that
ALP’s fees were paid without taxation, contrary to r 173 of the CWU Rules.
Hence, not only did the liquidators prejudice the appellants’ potential claims
by first paying ALP, they compounded their breach by failing to ensure that
the fees ALP claimed were not inflated. Given ECRC’s precarious financial
situation, the liquidators should have been especially careful to preserve its
existing assets.

**Conclusion**

90 In the ultimate analysis, this court has been asked to strike a balance
between: (a) the interests in facilitating liquidators’ duties to recover
insolvent companies’ assets for the benefit of their creditors; and (b) the
need to protect defendants from having to shoulder the legal costs of
defending unmeritorious suits. In our opinion, the estate costs rule
encapsulates the appropriate balance that should be struck between these two
opposing tensions. One must always have regard to the fact that liquidators
are in a far more advantageous position than defendants to suits commenced in
the company’s name. A liquidator is in the best position to know whether he
will be able to comply with the estate costs rule. With this knowledge, he can
then decide whether to limit his potential liability for the defendant’s legal
costs by availing himself of the other means at his disposal, such as by
obtaining an indemnity from creditors. In the present case, there are no
extenuating circumstances calling for an exercise of the court’s discretion to
relieve the liquidators from liability for the appellants’ unpaid costs. The
liquidators created the present state of affairs for which they must now be
held accountable.

91 We expect that after our decision in this case, liquidators will be more
mindful to protect themselves from potential liability for legal costs when
discharging their duties for the benefit of creditors. Liquidators should at
all times uphold the existing legal regime affecting corporate insolvency,
which includes the estate costs rule. Future liquidators who wish to commence
litigation on the company’s behalf may want to consider the following points
before deciding whether to proceed:

(a) As a matter of general principle, a liquidator who breaches the estate
costs rule will be held personally liable for any shortfall in the company’s
assets which results from his breach. An order of personal liability will
usually follow from such a breach _regardless_ of whether it is the liquidator
himself or a third party who receives the money in breach of the rule.

(b) In the absence of extenuating circumstances, the courts will hold a
liquidator liable for breaching the estate costs rule _even if_ the company’s
moneys were used to pay the company’s own costs of sustaining the litigation.
Where a liquidator has insufficient assets at his disposal to satisfy _both_
the company’s legal costs of maintaining the litigation _as well as_ any
potential costs order made against the company, a liquidator would be well-
advised to obtain an indemnity from the creditors. If such an indemnity is not
forthcoming, a liquidator should only proceed with the litigation if he is
prepared to be held personally liable for a successful defendant’s costs in
the event that he is found in breach of the estate costs rule.

(c) By way of analogy with the principle in (b), if a company is completely
insolvent and therefore has _no prospects of satisfying any costs order made
against it_ , it would be advisable for a liquidator to refrain from
commencing proceedings unless he has managed to obtain a creditors’ indemnity.
Whilst the position on this issue is not entirely settled, a liquidator who
omits to do so in a future case may well be held personally liable for the
defendant’s costs if the company’s claim is unmeritorious.

(d) In appropriate cases, the courts might exercise its power under s 283(3)
of the CA to exempt a liquidator from personal liability for breaching the
estate costs rule. In deciding whether to reverse the erstwhile rules of
priority, the court will consider whether _the liquidator_ in question is able
to show that the company’s inability to satisfy the opposing litigant’s costs
did not result from his disregard of that other party’s interests.

92 For these reasons, the appeal against the judge’s decision is allowed with
costs. We find that the liquidators are liable to compensate the appellants
for the outstanding shortfall, which will be payable following the
determination of the quantum of the realisation costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

