Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Hwang Yew Kong  
[2006] SGHC 22

Case Number | : | CC 3/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Imran Abdul Hamid and Adam Nakhoda (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Lee Ah Fong (Ng Lee and Partners) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Hwang Yew Kong   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Accused stabbing father to
death – Accused suffering from hallucination and schizophrenia – Whether
conditions for imposing life imprisonment satisfied – Whether accused of
unstable character and likely to commit similar offence in future – Whether to
impose caning  
  

10 February 2006

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The accused is now 47 years old. He pleaded guilty to the following charge:

That you, **HWANG YEW KONG**

on the 27th day of May 2005, at or about 9.51p.m., in unit #02-385, Block 11,
Haig Road, Singapore, did commit culpable homicide not amounting to murder by
causing the death of one Hwang Song Chian, male 72 years old, to wit, by
stabbing him with a knife, which act was done with the intention of causing
such bodily injury as was likely to cause death, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 304(a) of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

Under s 304(_a_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), the court may
sentence the accused to imprisonment for life or for up to ten years. The
court may also impose a fine or order caning.

**The facts**

2 The accused was residing in the four-room flat named in the charge (“the
flat”) with his elderly parents. The man killed by him was his father, a
retired public officer. The accused’s mother is 71 years old and has been a
patient of the Institute of Mental Health (and its predecessor organisation)
since 1957. Presently, she resides with and is being cared for by her
daughter, who is 48 years old and married, with two children aged 17 and 13.

3 Prior to the offence, the main care-giver and provider for the accused and
his mother was the deceased. The accused’s sister would visit their parents at
the flat occasionally but she had little contact with the accused.

4 On 27 May 2005, at about 9.30pm, the accused was in his bedroom watching
television when he heard his father, who was in the living room, asking him
whether he had taken his money. The accused denied he had done so and felt
that his father was unfairly accusing him of theft. An argument broke out
between them. The accused lost his temper and went into the kitchen. He saw a
knife on the table, picked it up and returned to the living room where he
confronted his father. The knife had a blade measuring some 10cm.

5 His father asked him what he wanted to do with the knife. The accused
demanded to know whether his father was still accusing him of theft. More
angry words were exchanged. When his father attempted to remove the knife from
the accused’s hand, a struggle broke out. When the accused managed to break
away from his father’s hold, he dashed towards the elderly man and began
slashing and stabbing him at the face, neck, upper arms and shoulders. His
father screamed for help and collapsed onto the floor. However, the accused
continued to slash and stab him. These acts were admitted to have been done
with the intention of causing such bodily injury as was likely to cause death.

6 His mother heard the screams and came out of the master bedroom where she
had been sleeping. When she demanded to know why the accused was stabbing his
father, the accused stopped and put the knife down on the floor. He said that
his father, who was by then lying motionless and bleeding profusely, had
accused him of theft. At about 9.51pm, the accused called the police, saying,
“I murder my father, he dead and blood all over”.

7 Police officers arrived at the flat shortly thereafter. When they knocked on
the main door, the accused’s mother opened it. The accused was standing behind
her, with his clothes and hands all bloody. He informed the police officers
that he had killed his father and placed his hands in front of his body for
them to handcuff him. His father was lying supine on the floor in a pool of
blood.

8 A few minutes later, a paramedic arrived at the flat. After examining the
father, she pronounced him dead.

9 The autopsy report noted that there were 22 wounds on the deceased. The
cause of death was certified to be due to multiple stab wounds of the neck and
the trunk.

10 The accused was subsequently assessed at the Institute of Mental Health. Dr
Tommy Tan, a consultant psychiatrist, noted that the accused had been
diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia in 1988 and that his illness was
characterised by behavioural change, delusions and auditory hallucination.
Although the accused was put on medication, his auditory hallucination and
paranoid delusion persisted. His last visit to the outpatient clinic at
Woodbridge Hospital was on 6 May 2005, three weeks before the date of the
killing. The accused told Dr Tommy Tan that there were voices telling him to
“go and do evil thing” and to “stamp” his father. He also said that his mind
went blank and that he “lost control”.

11 Dr Tommy Tan opined that the accused was suffering from residual
schizophrenia, characterised by residual hallucination and delusion, blunting
of affect, low volition and poor social functioning. At the time of the
offence, the accused was unable to ignore the hallucination and felt compelled
to obey the voices telling him to stab his father. However, the accused was
found to be capable of forming the intention to cause the injuries and of
knowing that his act was likely to cause death. The accused would also require
long-term treatment and would pose a long-term risk to himself and to others
if he felt compelled to obey the voices again.

12 The only antecedent that the accused had was a conviction for theft in
September 1992 for which he was fined $800.

13 On these facts, the Prosecution submitted that the accused ought to be
sentenced to imprisonment for life, citing the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220 (“ _Purwanti”_). In that decision, the
Court of Appeal reiterated the principles stated in _Neo Man Lee v PP_ [1991]
SLR 146, where the then Court of Criminal Appeal set out three conditions
which would justify a sentence of life imprisonment. They are:

(a) The offence or offences are in themselves grave enough to require a very
long sentence.

(b) It appears from the nature of the offences or from the defendant’s history
that he is a person of unstable character likely to commit such offences in
the future.

(c) If the offences are committed, the consequences to others may be specially
injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of violence.

The Prosecution submitted that all three conditions were satisfied in the
present case. It also highlighted the fact that the Prisons Department had the
facility to manage inmates with psychiatric conditions. A psychiatrist would
also visit Changi Prison twice a week to review such inmates.

**The mitigation plea**

14 As Dr Tommy Tan was in court, the Defence sought, and was granted, leave to
ask him some questions to clarify his opinion on the accused. Dr Tommy Tan
agreed that in normal circumstances, where there was no provocation or heated
argument, the accused would be able to control his behaviour and impulses. He
also agreed that the accused had no history of violence since 1988 but pointed
out that the accused’s father, who had taken good care of him all these years,
was no longer around. If the accused’s sister was willing to take care of him,
it would help the accused to manage in life. However, because of his constant
hallucination, he would be more likely to be provoked than others not
suffering from his condition.

15 The Defence pointed out that _Purwanti_ involved a case of premeditation by
the accused there before the killing. The accused in that case also bore a
grudge against the victim and sought to conceal her crime by making a false
report. In contrast, the present accused stopped the stabbing the moment his
mother shouted at him. He then telephoned his sister and the police and
surrendered peacefully when the police arrived.

16 The Defence did not dispute that the first and the third conditions set out
in _Purwanti_ were satisfied on the facts of this case. It argued, however,
that the second condition was missing in the present case as it was not shown
that the accused was a person of unstable character likely to commit such
offences in future. According to his sister, the accused was a very gentle
person with no temper and was almost obedient when normal. Further, for some
18 years, he did not lose his self-control despite the hallucination and
hearing the voices. He also went for treatment and took his medication
regularly. The accused’s sister was willing to help him cope after his term of
imprisonment by visiting and telephoning him although she would not be able to
let him live with her family and their mother in her matrimonial flat.

17 The accused completed two years of national service and was in the reserves
for several years until he was exempted from further service because of his
schizophrenia at the age of 29. He worked in various jobs on an irregular
basis but stopped working in January 2005. He was unemployed at the time of
the offence. When he had no income, he used to borrow from his mother but
would repay her whenever he found work. He had stolen some money from his
mother’s wallet in the past but knelt down before his parents to beg for
forgiveness then. That was the only time he had stolen from his parents but
they still complained about missing money sometimes.

18 The accused has expressed deep regret to various people for having killed
his father, saying he should not have done that notwithstanding the unfair
accusation made by his father against him. It was the unfair accusation that
had provoked him and caused him to lose his self-control. He has also accepted
responsibility by pleading guilty and would have to live with the thought that
he killed his father who had worked hard to support him throughout his life.

19 Based on the above, Defence counsel urged the court to sentence the accused
to the lower tier of ten years’ imprisonment in s 304(_a_) of the Penal Code
and not to order caning.

**The decision of the court**

20 Although caning is one of the sentencing options in s 304(_a_) of the Penal
Code where male accused persons are concerned, it is not imposed in cases
where the accused persons have been suffering from some mental impairment. I
sympathised with the accused because of his unfortunate mental condition and,
in the circumstances of this case, did not think he deserved to be caned. I
therefore did not order any caning.

21 In deciding whether to impose imprisonment for life or for a term of up to
ten years, the court has to consider the three factors reiterated in
_Purwanti_ , which, incidentally, did not involve an accused with mental
impairment. In _PP v Kwok Teng Soon_ [2001] 4 SLR 516, a decision affirmed on
appeal in Criminal Appeal No 22 of 2001, I expressed the view that the purpose
of the three conditions in _Neo Man Lee v PP_ was not to determine how evil a
particular accused person could be but to extrapolate from his condition and
his actions the likelihood of a relapse and what the probable consequences
might be in such an event.

22 The medical evidence showed that the accused here has been suffering from
schizophrenia from 1988 and that he had persistent auditory hallucination and
paranoid delusion despite having received medication, the most recent
treatment being three weeks before the date of the offence. He would require
long-term treatment and would pose a long-term risk both to himself and to
others should he be unable to resist the voices in his head again.

23 In these circumstances, it would be highly unrealistic to say that the
accused was not of unstable character within the meaning of the second
condition in _Purwanti_. He may present a picture of calm and normality when
there is nothing to provoke or upset him. However, as could be seen from the
tragic and violent death of his father, it would not take very much to trigger
off his explosive rage and turn him into a maniacal and merciless killer. In
his uncontrollable rage, he could turn brutally on someone who was very close
to him and who had taken care of him all his life. His extremely violent
reaction was totally out of proportion to a relatively minor accusation.
Rational people who do not suffer from mental impairment, unlike the
unfortunate accused, would probably seek to kill the accusation or the lie,
not kill the accuser or the liar. The crucial question that must be addressed
is, would he be able to exercise self-control should he be upset by someone
(within his family or otherwise) or something and start hearing voices in his
head again? I am not at all confident that he would be able to do so. This is
particularly so when he would be living completely by himself when he is
released from prison, with no one to supervise and support him constantly.

24 I commend the accused’s sister for offering to help him upon his release
within the constraints of her circumstances but, really, there is unlikely to
be anyone in his family who would be able to give him the consistent care that
he will need for the long term and to ensure that he goes for regular
treatment and takes his medication dutifully. There appears to me a very real
risk that the tragedy of 27 May 2005 might repeat itself in future, with
someone else taking the place of the hapless father. What the accused might do
to others in a few moments of frenzy is probably more important than what he
might do to himself.

25 On the other hand, if the accused remains in prison for as long as he
requires treatment for his mental condition, he would be taken care of by the
prison authorities who are equipped for this task and who are able to keep him
in a safe and controlled environment. It is therefore for the good of society
and of the accused that he be sentenced to imprisonment for life.

26 For the reasons stated above, I sentenced the accused to undergo
imprisonment for life with effect from the date of his arrest, 28 May 2005.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

