Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Pacific Vigorous"  
[2006] SGHC 103

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 66/2005, RA 267/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Dip Seng (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiff; Leong Kah Wah and Derek Tan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Contract – Remedies – Election at common law – Plaintiff having right to sue
buyer for breach of sale contract and right to sue shipowner for breach of
contract of carriage – Whether plaintiff's acceptance of partial payment from
buyer under contract for sale of goods amounting to election at common law
precluding plaintiff from exercising right to sue shipowner – Whether
plaintiff's remedies alternative or cumulative  
  

9 June 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The _in rem_ proceedings here arose out of the shipment of 41,895mt of
Indonesian steaming (non-coking) coal in bulk (“the cargo”). The plaintiff,
Agritrade International Pte Ltd (“Agritrade”), applied for summary judgment
against the defendant, Pacific Vigorous Shipping Inc, for the misdelivery of
the cargo at the port of discharge otherwise than against production of the
relevant bills of lading covering the subject cargo. I allowed Agritrade’s
appeal with costs and entered interlocutory judgment for Agritrade with
damages to be assessed. The defendant has appealed against my decision.

2 The undisputed facts are as follows. Agritrade sold the cargo to Bhatia
International Ltd (“Bhatia”) under Contract No BIL 510205 dated 2 February
2005. Payment was to be by letters of credit opened by two Indian banks,
namely, the State Bank of Mysore and the Union Bank of India. Five bills of
lading (Nos SAT/IND-01/II/2005, SAT/IND-02/II/2005, SAT/IND-03/II/2005,
SAT/IND-04/II/2005 and SAT/IND-05/II/2005) all dated 18 February 2005 were
issued for the cargo shipped on board the _Pacific Vigorous_ at Muara Satui,
South Kalimantan, Indonesia for carriage to and delivery at Port Pipavav which
is located south-west of Bhavnagar in the Saurashtra region of the state of
Gujarat. Bhatia as subcharterer of the _Pacific Vigorous_ issued three letters
of indemnity dated 21 February 2005 to the head time charterer, Eitzen Bulk
A/S, for delivery of cargo without production of the relevant bills of lading.
Eitzen Bulk A/S in turn issued back-to-back letters of indemnity dated 22
February 2005 to the defendant as owner of the _Pacific Vigorous_. The vessel
arrived at the discharge port of Pipavav on or about 4 March 2005. The entire
cargo was discharged and delivered to Bhatia by 8 March 2005 against the
letters of indemnity.

3 Discrepancies in the shipping documents tendered to the issuing banks were
formally notified to Agritrade on 11 March 2005. Suffice it to say, efforts to
get Bhatia to waive the discrepancies were not successful. By then, a dispute
had arisen and developed between Agritrade and Bhatia regarding the
contractual quality of the cargo. The moisture content of the cargo was
outside its contractual specification, and communications on this topic ensued
between them from 10 March through to 21 March. Despite’s Bhatia’s complaints,
it did not reject the cargo; instead Bhatia delivered the cargo to its end
users sometime after 21 March. Bhatia unilaterally deducted a sum of
US$372,249.51 for breach of the sale contract and on 8 April 2005 credited
Agritrade’s bank account with the sum of US$1,218,281.60 for the cargo.
Agritrade regarded the sum of US$1,218,281.60 as part payment of the cargo.
The amount deducted was not an agreed sum. Agritrade said that it did not know
how Bhatia arrived at that figure.

4 On 15 April 2005, Agritrade commenced _in rem_ proceedings against the
_Pacific Vigorous_ for the loss it had suffered in consequence of the
misdelivery of the cargo to Bhatia. Initially, Eitzen Bulk A/S entered an
appearance to the action as interveners. The defendant later on took over the
proceedings, and by order of court dated 13 December 2005 all pleadings and
affidavits filed on behalf of the interveners were allowed to stand as though
they were the defendant’s.

5 It is trite law that a lawful holder of an order bill is entitled to call
for delivery of the goods covered by that transferable document of title.
Correspondingly, the shipowner is obliged to give proper delivery and does not
fulfil its contractual obligations if the goods are delivered to a person
(even the cargo owner) who cannot produce the bill of lading. In _The Ines_
[1995] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 144, Clarke J (as he then was) correctly stressed the
fundamental nature of the promise not to deliver other than in return for a
bill of lading, as did the English Court of Appeal in _Kuwait Petroleum
Corporation v I &D Oil Carriers Ltd (The Houda)_ [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 541 and
our Court of Appeal in _The Cherry_ [2003] 1 SLR 471 at 480–481. Even though
the shipowner no longer has the goods, the bill of lading is not spent and as
such it does not cease to be a transferable document of title. The contract of
carriage generally continues and the bill of lading remains effective until
the goods are delivered to the person entitled under the bill of lading (as to
which see _The Future Express_ [1992] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 79). It follows that a
lawful holder is entitled to sue in contract in respect of any breach of the
contract of carriage committed even prior to the time at which the claimant
became holder of the bill. See _BNP Paribas v Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd_ [2003]
3 SLR 611 and s 2(2) of the Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Rev Ed).

6 Before the assistant registrar, the defendant in resisting the application
for summary judgment raised three triable issues as giving rise to defences to
the action. Of the three triable issues, two of them were not pursued at the
appeal. They were (a) the plaintiff’s title to sue as lawful holders of the
bills of lading and (b) the issue of causation, where the contention was that
the loss was due to breach of the sale contract and not the defendant’s breach
of the contract of carriage. Agritrade was able to and did produce the
original bills at the hearing before the assistant registrar. As lawful
holders of the bills of lading, Agritrade has a right to possession of the
cargo against the defendant even after the cargo had been wrongly delivered to
Bhatia (see [5] above). Moving on to the causation point, Agritrade had stated
in its affidavit that it was suing the defendant in contract. That position
was reaffirmed by its counsel, Mr Loo Dip Seng, at the hearing before me. In
the event, counsel for the defendant, Mr Leong Kah Wah, rightly accepted that
as the ordinary principles of remoteness of damage and causation would apply
to Agritrade’s damages claim for breach of contract, the issue of causation as
presented was a point to be taken and argued at the assessment of damages.

7 The third triable issue raised by the defendant was that the plaintiff
consented to the delivery of the cargo to Bhatia without production of the
relevant bills of lading. I was persuaded by Mr Loo that there was nothing to
this point and this assertion was easily disposed of. The cargo was discharged
and delivered to Bhatia by 8 March 2005 against letters of indemnity (see [2]
above) and not on the basis of any prior consent by Agritrade. Significantly,
the allegation that Agritrade consented to delivery was never a defence
pleaded in the defence filed on 9 June 2005. It was raised as a triable issue
in the affidavit of Pin Ying-Kwan dated 22 July 2005 and subsequently
addressed in reply by Agritrade. Bhatia as f.o.b buyer arranged the shipment
and that would explain the absence of any communication relating to the
shipment between Agritrade and the defendant. The defendant resorted to the
exchanges of correspondence between Agritrade and Bhatia to cull for itself a
defence that was based on _ex post facto_ reasoning. Those communications from
10 March 2005 onwards did not bear out the defendant’s assertion that the
plaintiff as a fact knew and consented to the discharge of the cargo into the
possession of Bhatia against letters of indemnity. Bhatia’s letter dated 18
March 2005 was written after the cargo was delivered into the possession of
Bhatia and was sent in reply to Agritrade’s query on how the vessel could have
delivered the cargo without its approval. Bhatia wrote:

This is the first time that such a frivolous contention is being taken by you
particularly when the material had been discharged at the disport with your
knowledge and concurrence and the same has not been objected to till date in
all your correspondences after the material has been discharged at the
disport.

Nothing in that paragraph offered a foundation for the defendant’s assertion
that Agritrade had prior to the discharge consented to delivery without
presentation of the relevant bills of lading. Bhatia’s remark – that there was
no objection from Agritrade during the earlier exchanges on the off-
specification cargo – did not support the defendant’s stance.

8 The general picture that emerged from the affidavits and documents is this.
Agritrade found itself in a situation where the cargo was in the hands of
Bhatia following the defendant’s defective performance, as it were, of the
contract of carriage. The cargo had been taken and what remained was
Agritrade’s right to claim damages for breach of contract (see [9] below). As
for the sale contact, it was Bhatia who elected to accept the non-contractual
cargo by electing not to reject the cargo for breach of condition but to limit
its right to claim damages for breach of warranty (s 11(2) of the Sale of
Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed). Having accepted the non-conforming cargo,
Bhatia proceeded to unilaterally deduct what it believed was reasonable as
damages for the breach of contract and thereafter credited the plaintiff’s
account for the value of the non-conforming cargo. Since Agritrade was in this
situation, it treated the payment by Bhatia as partial payment of the cargo
under the sale contract and separately commenced proceedings against the
defendant for breach of the contract of carriage.

9 Simply put, was there anything in these circumstances to conclude that
Agritrade’s conduct after the breach (which could be explained on the basis of
estoppel or some other legal principles) implicitly represented unequivocally
that it would not make a claim for damages that depended on an assertion of
misdelivery? Would acceptance of part of the sale proceeds bar Agritrade from
suing the defendant for misdelivery under the respective bills of lading? At
the court’s direction, the acceptance of partial payment (see [3] above) was
discussed in this connection by counsel. The defendant did not raise estoppel
but relied on election as a basis for contending that Agritrade’s acceptance
of part payment precluded it from recovering from the defendant damages under
the relevant bills of lading for misdelivery of the cargo. It seemed to me
that whether Agritrade’s conduct might amount to an election as alleged must
be determined by reference to facts, objectively viewed.

10 I foreshadow the difficulties ahead for the defendant with these
observations. An election of the sort alleged must surely involve an
abandonment of an accrued right to claim damages for breach of contract and
that is not something to be facilely inferred. In a commercial context, and
human nature being what it is, the probabilities are against the gratuitous or
voluntary sacrifice of an accrued right to claim damages from the defendant’s
breach of contract. Dr Aleka Mandaraka-Sheppard expressed the same sentiments
in her article, “Demystifying the Right of Election in Contract Law” (2006) 18
SAcLJ 60 at para 78, when discussing total waiver in the sense of an
abandonment of rights (which arises by virtue of a party making an election)
under a contract after a breach and she rhetorically asked: What person in his
right mind, would give up all his rights after a breach? Dr Sheppard observed
that once a right after breach has accrued, a release or discharge of that
right is either by deed or upon consideration. She also noted that for a
finding of an effectual total abandonment of rights one should be looking at
whether or not the elements of equitable or promissory estoppel exist. As
stated, the defendant did not raise estoppel and there was good reason for
that. The defendant would not have been in a position to raise common law
estoppel or a promissory estoppel. In both cases, there would have to be some
sort of acting on the representation. The representee must have acted on the
representation to his detriment. In this present case, the breach had already
occurred. Not only was there no representation made by Agrtirade to the
defendant, I could not see in what way the defendant had relied on Agritrade’s
alleged conduct to its detriment.

11 Mr Leong argued that Agritrade’s conduct leading up to and including the
acceptance of payment from Bhatia amounted to an election by Agritrade to
treat the earlier defective performance as good delivery under the contract of
carriage to Bhatia as the person entitled to delivery under the sale contract.
In so doing, Agritrade was precluded from pursuing its misdelivery claim
against the defendant for that right was alternative to and inconsistent with
Agritrade’s right against Bhatia under the contract of sale. Mr Leong cited
the decision of _Verschures Creameries, Limited v Hull and Netherlands
Steamship Company, Limited_ [1921] 2 KB 608 (“ _Verschures Creameries_ ”) in
support of the defendant’s contentions.

12 Mr Loo submitted that _Verschures Creameries_ would not assist the
defendant here. In that case, a firm of carriers being authorised by the
claimants to carry goods to A delivered them to B. The claimant invoiced the
goods to B, sued him for the price, recovered judgment and took bankruptcy
proceedings against him. The claimant afterwards sued the carriers for
misdelivery. Clarke J in _The Ines_ pointed to _Verschures Creameries_ as one
of the plainest cases of ratification of an act done by the carriers
purporting to deliver on behalf of the claimant and as such there could be no
complaint against the carriers for breach of authority. Mr Loo also referred
to _Cote A Cote Ltd v Mondial Forwarding Ltd_ 26 October 1999, [1999] WL
982440 where the defendant, Mondial, relied on the decision in _Verschures
Creameries_ to contend that by demanding payment from Karoma International Ltd
(“KIL”), the plaintiff, Cote A Cote, had elected to proceed on the basis that
the delivery had been valid and had thereby been ratified. The decision in
_Verschures Creameries_ was again distinguished. The position in that case was
clarified by Lord Atkin in _United Australia, Limited v Barclays Bank,
Limited_ [1941] AC 1 (“ _United Australia_ ”). The delivery in _Verschures
Creameries_ had been ratified because the carriers were the seller’s agents.
That was not the position in Mondial. The court had found that Mondial was not
acting as the plaintiff’s agent and was in clear breach of its obligations.
Moreover, at no time had the plaintiff indicated to Mondial that by commencing
proceedings against KIL it was waiving its rights to proceed against Mondial.
In that case, the plaintiff, Cote A Cote, was an exporter of fashion goods.
KILwas an importer and wholesaler in Greece. By a contract made in August
1996, the plaintiff agreed to sell goods to KIL, payment to be made by way of
promissory note 45 days after shipment was confirmed by the plaintiff’s bank.
The plaintiff released the goods to the defendant, Mondial, which had been
nominated by KIL as carrier. On arrival of the goods in Greece, KIL pressed
Mondial for delivery. Mondial released the goods to KIL. The plaintiff pressed
KIL for payment and at the same time put Mondial on notice that, if
unsuccessful, it would look to Mondial for payment. Proceedings were commenced
against KIL for the price of goods sold and delivered, and later against
Mondial for damages for breach of an express term of the bailment. Both
actions were consolidated. The court found that Mondial had not been acting as
agent of the plaintiff and made the orders against Mondial and KIL.

13 On the question of election, the defendant referred to the doctrine of
election enunciated by Lord Blackburn in _Benjamin Scarf v Alfred George
Jardine_ (1882) 7 App Cas 345 at 360–361:

The principle, I take it, running through all the cases as to what is an
election is this, that where a party in his own mind has thought that he would
choose one of two remedies, even though he has written it down on a memorandum
or has indicated it in some other way, that alone will not bind him; but so
soon as he has not only determined to follow one of his remedies but has
communicated it to the other side in such a way as to lead the opposite party
to believe that he has made that choice, he has completed his election and can
go no further; and whether he intended it or not, if he has done an
unequivocal act — I mean an act which would be justifiable if he had elected
one way and would not be justifiable if he had elected the other way — the
fact of his having done that unequivocal act to the knowledge of the persons
concerned is an election.

Lord Atkin in _United Australia_ ([12] _supra_) at 30 said that reference to
“remedies” in this statement meant “rights”. English cases have made a
distinction between “rights” and “remedies” for the purpose of determining the
time at which an election must be made: see Robert Walker LJ in _Oliver
Ashworth (Holdings) Ltd v Ballard (Kent) Ltd_ [2000] Ch 12 at 28. As for
“remedies”, the English courts had in mind alternative remedies and cumulative
remedies (see [19] below).

14 Mr Loo submitted that neither the common law nor equitable doctrines of
election apply in the present case. He again referred to _The Ines_ ([5]
_supra_) as a case in point for Agritrade. I will come to this decision later
on.

15 Election at common law occurs where a person has two inconsistent rights or
courses of action and only one of which can be exercised. In such a case, his
choice by overt act communicated to the other party that he is relying on one
such right precludes him from later claiming the benefit of another. A
prerequisite of this election is that the party making the choice must be
aware of the facts which have given rise to the existence of his new right (as
to which see Lord Goff of Chieveley in _Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth) Refineries
SA v Shipping Corporation of India (The “Kanchenjunga”)_ [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
391 (_“The Kanchenjunga”_) at 398). In a contractual context, the two
inconsistent rights can arise either before or after a breach of contract. A
common example of the application of the principle of election is the case of
a repudiation of a contract. The innocent party has the right to continue with
the contract or to accept the conduct of the other party as terminating the
contract and sue for damages. If, with knowledge of the facts giving rise to
the repudiation, the other party to the contract acts in a manner consistent
only with treating that contract as still alive, he is taken in law to have
exercised his election to affirm the contract.

16 Election in equity means that a party cannot both accept an instrument or
judgment and reject it. It is referable to the principle that a person is not
permitted both to approbate and to reprobate an instrument or judgment. Where
facts exist which call for the application of the equitable doctrine, the
person concerned is required to choose whether he will take under or against
the instrument or judgment. He cannot take a benefit under the instrument or
judgment without taking the burden. See _O’Connor v S P Bray, Limited_ (1936)
36 SR (NSW) 248 at 263 and _Evans v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 473. _Treasure Valley
Group Ltd v Saputra Teddy_ [2006] 1 SLR 358 is a case where the equitable
doctrine was applied on the facts.

17 With these principles in mind, I went on to consider whether the defendant
had made out as a triable issue the defence of an election under either
doctrine. In the end, I concluded that in the first place, this was not really
a case of common law election at all. Second, there was no unequivocal conduct
which outwardly signified an election under common law election or equitable
election. Third, the necessary ingredient common to both doctrines, which is
knowledge on the part of Agritrade that there is a choice to be made, was not
demonstrated. I shall discuss in detail the three points in turn.

18 No election arose in the sense that the defendant was wrong in contending
that Agritrade had two inconsistent rights. The case for the defendant did not
involve the pursuit of two alternative and inconsistent rights argued for by
Mr Leong. The “inconsistent rights” as formulated by Mr Leong were:

(a) the right to treat the delivery of the cargo as wrongful and to pursue the
defendant and Bhatia for conversion of the cargo; and

(b) the right to treat the delivery of the cargo as lawful and to pursue
Bhatia for the price of the cargo.

The claims here fell under two contracts giving rise to separate and
independent causes of action and they were against two different persons. The
rule against double recovery imposed a limitation on a plaintiff like
Agritrade’s ability in such a situation to recover in the aggregate from one
or more defendants an amount in excess of its loss. The fact that there were
no inconsistent rights was sufficient to dispose of the doctrine of common law
election.

19 Agritrade’s remedies as between Bhatia on the one hand and the defendant on
the other are cumulative, not alternative, remedies so much so that Agritrade
was not required to choose between remedies. “Cumulative remedy” is defined in
_Black’s Law Dictionary_ (Bryan A Garner, ed) (West Group, 7th Ed, 1999) as,
“A remedy available to a party in addition to another remedy that still
remains in force.” Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in _Personal Representatives of
Tang Man Sit v Capacious Investments Ltd_ [1996] AC 514 (“ _Tang Man Sit_ ”)
at 521 and 522 discussed alternative remedies and cumulative remedies and at
523 reconciled the apparent inconsistencies between the various speeches in
_United Australia_ ([12] _supra_) in the light of different considerations
applicable to alternative remedies and cumulative remedies. He explained that
as against the third party, MFG Trust Ltd, United Australia had a choice of
one of two alternative and inconsistent remedies. It could claim redress
either in the form of compensation, that is damages as for a tort, or in the
form of restitution of money to which it was entitled but which MFG had
wrongfully received. His lordship then pointed out and clarified that United
Australia’s remedies against MFG on the one hand and Barclays Bank (damages
for conversion and negligence) on the other hand were cumulative, not
alternative. Hence, the earlier proceedings against MFG were not a bar to
United Australia suing Barclays Bank unless, as a result, United Australia had
received full satisfaction for its loss.

20 Even if the present case concerned alternative and inconsistent remedies,
the common law doctrine of election takes effect only where a stage is reached
where some choice has finally to be made at least until judgment and
satisfaction. Not unlike the present case, _The Ines_ was also a case on
delivery of goods without production of bills of lading. The plaintiff, MB
Pyramid Sound NV, sold some telephones to a Mr Litwak or a company called Pino
Stiftung. Shipment was to be on board the _Ines,_ at Rotterdam for carriage to
and delivery at St Petersburg. The plaintiff was at all material times the
holder of the bills of lading. The named consignee was Pino Stiftung and the
notify party was Rusworld. The consignments of telephones were delivered to
Rusworld at St Petersburg without presentation of original bills of lading.
The plaintiff claimed damages in respect of the alleged misdelivery of the
consignments of telephones. Like Agritrade, the plaintiff in that case argued
that there was a misdelivery in breach of the contract contained in or
evidenced by the bills of lading and that it had suffered loss as a result.
One argument raised by the carrier was that as the plaintiff had brought
proceedings against Mr Litwak and Pino Stiftung in Belgium for the price of
the goods such proceedings were a waiver of the tort of misdelivery, an
election to waive any breach of contract or tort in respect of it and a
ratification of the delivery and the plaintiff could not sue the carriers.
Like Agritrade, the plaintiff was paid part of the purchase price. That fact
was not an obstacle to the claim as Clarke J held that in assessing the
plaintiff’s loss full credit should be given for the part of the price which
was paid. Clarke J ([5] _supra_) at 156 further held that:

The mere assertion of a claim by the plaintiffs against Mr Litwak and Pino
Stiftung on a different and even inconsistent basis from that asserted against
the carriers does not in my judgment amount to a waiver, election or
ratification upon which the carriers could rely. The plaintiffs have not at
any stage been put to their election as between themselves and the defendants.
Moreover they have not pursued their claim to judgment in Belgium. On the
contrary they have expressly decided not to so at present in order to avoid
this very risk. I can see no reason based in either principle or authority why
the plaintiffs should not be entitled to recover any loss which they have
sustained as a result of the carriers’ breach of contract.

21 I should add that Judge LJ in _Cote A Cote Ltd v Mondial Forwarding Ltd_
([12] _supra_) referred to _Tang Man Sit_ ([19] _supra_) __ and concluded that
on the facts before him, the plaintiff had not elected that KIL only should be
sued so as to enable Mondial to avoid liability for their breach.

22 In the present case, Agritrade had not commenced arbitration proceedings
against Bhatia under the sale contract for the balance of the purchase price.
Besides, acceptance of part payment was not an unequivocal act which outwardly
signified an election under either doctrine. Neither would suing the defendant
for the shortfall change the complexion of things. I did not see that as
conduct involving an implicit unequivocal representation that the cargo had
been delivered to the proper person under the sale contract and that Agritrade
would not claim any right that depended upon on an assertion of misdelivery of
the cargo. As Lord Goff highlighted in _The Kanchenjunga_ ([15] _supra_), an
election requires an unequivocal representation by one party who in making his
election is communicating his choice whether or not to exercise a right which
has become available to him. Besides, the affidavit leading the warrant of
arrest contained the necessary reservations of right. Chaturvedi Nagendra
Nath, Agritrade’s marketing director in the coal division stated in his
affidavit in support of the arrest dated 15 April 2005 that despite partial
payment, it was not waiving and expressly reserved Agritrade’s right to claim
whatever was permitted by law against the defendant and not just the sum of
US$372,249.51 deducted by Bhatia. That caveat is understandable for where the
quality of the cargo was not as promised, the basic loss is the value of the
cargo as represented less its market value in fact (as to which see s 53(3) of
the Sale of Goods Act).

23 One element common to both doctrines is that a party will not be held to
have made an election if he did not know that he had a right to elect. In
_Lissenden v C A V Bosch Limited_ [1940] AC 412 at 419, Viscount Maugham said
of the equitable doctrine:

[N]o person is taken to have made an election until he has had an opportunity
of ascertaining his rights, and is aware of their nature and extent.

In _Peyman v Lanjani_ [1985] 1 Ch 457 at 500, Slade LJ said of the common law
doctrine:

With Stephenson and May L.JJ., I do not think that a person … can be held to
have made the irrevocable choice between rescission and affirmation which
election involves unless he had knowledge of his legal right to choose and
actually chose with that knowledge.

This prerequisite was endorsed by Lord Goff in _The Kanchenjunga_ at 398. As
stated, an unequivocal act which might outwardly signify an election is not
enough. Knowledge of the choice is an essential requirement. In the present
case, the requisite knowledge of the existence of choice was not demonstrated
by the defendant. In any case, as I have commented earlier in [10] above, it
would have been extremely perplexing for someone in the position of Agritrade,
after a serious breach by the defendant, not to maintain its right to damages
especially in the knowledge of Bhatia’s position on the sale contract.

24 In the premises and for all these reasons, I allowed Agritrade’s appeal
with O 14 costs here and below fixed at $22,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

