Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v NF  
[2006] SGHC 165

Case Number | : | CC 22/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Imran Hamid and Ong Luan Tze (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; The accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — NF   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Accused charged with raping
daughter – Accused pleading guilty to rape charge – Accused sole breadwinner
of family and arguing that long-term imprisonment would cause substantial
hardship to family – Weight to be attached to such circumstances in sentencing
accused  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Plea of guilt – Whether true
remorse present – Relevance of willingness to facilitate the course of justice
– Discount to be applied  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Accused charged with raping
daughter – Accused pleading guilty to rape charge – Relevance of prior
convictions – Whether prior unrelated criminal antecedents to be considered in
sentencing  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences – Accused
charged with raping daughter – Accused pleading guilty to rape charge –
Relevant sentencing considerations  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused charged
with raping daughter – Accused pleading guilty to rape charge – Importance of
deterrence as consideration in sentencing for sexual offences  
  

21 September 2006

V K Rajah J:

1 The accused pleaded guilty on 31 July 2006 to the following charge:

You … are charged that you, on … November 2005, at or about 2.00 pm, in …
Singapore, did commit rape of your daughter, [B], … and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 376(1) of the Penal Code
(Chapter 224).

After considering the accused’s mitigation plea and the Prosecution’s
submissions on sentencing, I ordered that the accused be sentenced to 15
years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. I now set out my reasons.

**The factual matrix**

2 The accused is 48 years old. He has been married for 17 years and has three
children, a daughter and two sons. B, the eldest child, is the victim. She was
just 15 years old when the offence occurred.

3 In November 2005, B returned home from an outing with her best friend, C. No
one else was at home at this point in time. B changed her clothes in her
bedroom and slipped into a dress. She then decided to take a nap and soon fell
asleep.

4 Shortly after, the accused returned home. He had just consumed two cans of
beer at a nearby 7-Eleven store. He took his shower in the main bedroom, which
he occupied with his wife, D. After the shower, he wrapped a towel around his
waist and entered B’s room.

5 The accused acknowledged being aroused on seeing B asleep on her bed. He
proceeded to touch her body, legs and breasts. B, startled from her nap, was
panic stricken when she realised that the accused was lying on top of her. She
struggled and pleaded with the accused not to harm her. The accused
unfeelingly ignored her.

6 The accused repeatedly tugged and pulled at her dress and eventually
succeeded in removing it. B was left exposed in her bra and panties. The
accused then hugged her while simultaneously removing her bra and later her
panties. Even as B placed her arms across her body to cover her breasts and
protectively crossed her legs, the accused inserted his hands between her legs
and pried them apart. B felt the accused using a finger to “dig” inside her
vagina several times. She tried to push the accused aside but was unsuccessful
as he was much stronger.

7 The accused eventually used his legs to pry her legs apart and forced his
penis into her vagina. B frantically struggled and attempted to turn her body
away but to no avail. Subsequently, the accused withdrew his penis from B’s
vagina and ejaculated on her stomach. The accused then left the bedroom,
leaving behind a traumatised B in considerable distress.

8 B did not confide in her mother, D, about the incident as she was confused
and feared that the accused would deny the incident and perhaps even
subsequently assault her. She also thought that her mother might scold her or
become deeply agitated and that it would cause her parents to bitterly
quarrel.

9 A few days after the incident, B spent the night in C’s flat. She confided
in C that the accused had raped her. C advised her to report the matter to the
police and to inform her mother about the rape. B, despite her misery, chose
not to do so. She had no desire to further aggravate the situation.

10 Sometime in January 2006, B was late in returning from school. The accused
reprimanded her in the presence of D. B furiously responded by saying that the
accused had no right to scold her after what he had done to her. When D
admonished her for being rude to the accused, B tearfully recounted what the
accused had done to her.

11 D was shocked and confronted the accused. The accused initially denied
having raped B. However, on further questioning, he became quiet and suddenly
walked away. B later heard her parents quarrelling furiously about the
incident. In due course, the accused expressed regret for what he had done and
sought B’s and D’s forgiveness.

12 It was revealed in court that soon after the incident, B started absenting
herself from school without explanation. Towards the end of January 2006, B’s
English language teacher, E, noticing her frequent absence, approached B and
enquired why she was so often absent from class. Hesitantly, B revealed that
she had been raped by her father. E asked if B had reported the matter to the
police. B indicated that she had not and was in a dilemma as to whether she
should lodge a complaint given that the incident involved her father. E
subsequently informed the school’s principal of her conversation with B.

13 Some time later, in February 2006, B failed to attend her classes again.
Upon learning of this, the principal called for a meeting with D. When it
became clear that no report had yet been made to the police, E was directed to
do so immediately.

14 On 3 March 2006, some three months after the incident, the accused
surrendered himself at the Serious Sexual Crimes Branch of the Criminal
Investigation Department.

15 In the meantime, B had been sent to KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital for
a medical examination. Dr John Yam, an associate consultant at the Department
of General Obstetrics and Gynaecology, found tears on B’s hymen. This
confirmed that a recent act of sexual intercourse had indeed taken place.

16 B was also examined by Dr Bernardine Woo, a consultant psychiatrist at the
Child Guidance Clinic run by the Institute of Mental Health. Dr Woo reported
that B had been feeling sad and fearful since the incident. She had also
attempted to cut her wrist on a few occasions after the abuse. She now fears
males and has difficulty trusting others. Dr Woo opined that this could lead
to interpersonal difficulties as well as problems with physical intimacy later
in life. The abuse has also affected B’s ability to concentrate on her studies
manifesting in irregular school attendance after the incident. In addition, B
has also developed a brittle temper, becoming easily irritable of late.

**Benchmark sentence for familial rape**

17 The last occasion on which the Court of Appeal considered the appropriate
sentencing benchmark for rape was in 1992 in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_
[1992] 1 SLR 361 (“ _Chia Kim Heng Frederick_ ”). It held at 367, [20], that a
rape committed without any aggravating or mitigating factors ought to attract
an imprisonment term of ten years and not less than six strokes of the cane as
a starting point.

18 In the intervening years, a disturbing and distinct strand of cases has
emerged involving vulnerable victims, where the perpetrator is either the
parent of the victim, a close relative or a person occupying a position of
trust and authority. The sentencing for these cases has tended to be less
consistent and it is therefore appropriate to review this entire area of
sentencing practice.

19 In this regard, it would be profitable to refer to _R v William Christopher
Millberry_ [2003] 2 Cr App R (S) 31 (“ _Millberry_ ”), where the English Court
of Appeal recently had the opportunity to review the sentencing practice of
the English courts for rape offences. Building upon the analytical sentencing
framework established in the leading case of _R v Keith Billam_ (1986) 8 Cr
App R (S) 48 (“ _Billam_ ”), the Court of Appeal in _Millberry_ accepted the
continued relevance and validity of the four broad categories of rape first
articulated in _Billam_. These categories were designed and calibrated to
ensure both stability and a measure of predictability in sentencing rape
offenders by assigning a benchmark sentence to each category.

20 At the lowest end of the spectrum are rapes that feature no aggravating or
mitigating circumstances. The second category of rapes includes those where
any of the following aggravating features are present:

(a) The rape is committed by two or more offenders acting together.

(b) The offender is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (_eg_ ,
in the relationship of medical practitioner and patient, teacher and pupil);
or the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed his or her trust by
virtue of his office of employment (_eg_ , a clergyman, an emergency services
patrolman, a taxi driver or a police officer).

(c) The offender abducts the victim and holds him or her captive.

(d) Rape of a child, or a victim who is especially vulnerable because of
physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder or learning disability.

(e) Racially aggravated rape, and other cases where the victim has been
targeted because of his or her membership of a vulnerable minority (_eg_ ,
homophobic rape).

(f) Repeated rape in the course of one attack (including cases where the same
victim has been both vaginally and anally raped).

(g) Rape by a man who is knowingly suffering from a life-threatening sexually
transmissible disease, whether or not he has told the victim of his condition
and whether or not the disease was actually transmitted.

21 The third category of cases involves those in which there is a campaign of
rape against multiple victims. The fourth category deals with cases where the
offender “has manifested perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross
personality disorder, and where he is likely, if at large, to remain a danger
to women for an indefinite time”: see _Billam_ at 50–51.

22 The benchmark sentences set by the court in _Millberry_ for each of the
four categories are as follows: for the first category of rape offences, the
starting point is five years’ imprisonment; for the second, eight years’
imprisonment; for the third, 15 years’ imprisonment; and for the fourth, a
life sentence.

23 Because Singapore’s legislative sentencing scheme and policy considerations
are not altogether similar, it would be decidedly inappropriate for our courts
to unreservedly adopt the precise sentencing benchmarks articulated in
_Millberry_. It also bears reiteration that s 376(2) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”) unequivocally mandates that offenders who cause hurt
or put victims in fear of death or hurt or commit rape by having sexual
intercourse with a woman under 14 years of age without her consent, shall be
punished with not less than eight years’ imprisonment and not less than 12
strokes of the cane. Section 376B of the PC prescribes that if a man commits
incest on a female who is less than 14 years old, he _shall_ be punished with
imprisonment of up to 14 years. That said, the approach in _Millberry_ and
_Billam_ of classifying rape offences into various broad categories is both
helpful and useful and may be broadly adopted and employed with appropriate
adaptation.

**_Category 1 rapes_**

24 As noted above, the Court of Appeal in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick_ ([17]
_supra_) has already determined that the benchmark sentence for a rape offence
without mitigating or aggravating factors should be ten years’ imprisonment
and not less than six strokes of the cane as a starting point. There is
absolutely no reason or basis to revise or revisit this benchmark.

**_Category 2 rapes_**

25 The common thread running through category 2 rapes is that there has been
exploitation of a particularly vulnerable victim – either because the
perpetrator is related to the victim in a way that allows him to abuse his
position of trust or authority, or the perpetrator exploits a numerical
advantage or acts out of hate towards a minority group.

26 The leading case in Singapore involving the rape of vulnerable victims is
_PP v O_ [1999] 4 SLR 257. In that case, the accused pleaded guilty to three
counts of raping his daughter pursuant to s 376(1) of the PC. Several
aggravating factors were taken into account, including the following:

(a) he was the natural father of the victim;

(b) she was nine years old when he first raped her;

(c) she was physically handicapped;

(d) the rapes took place over a period of one year;

(e) no condoms were used;

(f) the victim suffered from deep psychological scars as a result; and

(g) he had a previous conviction of a similar offence.

The accused was sentenced by the trial court to merely five years’
imprisonment on each of the three charges of rape. Two of the sentences were
ordered to run consecutively. After an appeal by the Prosecution, the Court of
Appeal enhanced the sentence to 15 years’ imprisonment on each charge, and
ordered that two of the sentences were to run consecutively, making a total of
30 years’ imprisonment. No caning was ordered because the accused was 51 years
old.

27 In _Radhakrishna Gnanasegaran v PP_ (Criminal Appeal No 9 of 1999), the
offender had raped his seven-year-old daughter over a period of ten years. For
four charges of aggravated rape, he was sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane for each charge, with the jail terms for two of the
charges to run consecutively.

28 In _Liew Kok Meng v PP_ [1999] SGHC 128, an offender who raped his 13-year-
old neighbour three times was sentenced to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight
strokes for each of the two charges he pleaded guilty to. The jail terms were
to run concurrently, so that his total sentence amounted to 15 years’
imprisonment and 16 strokes of the cane. The Court of Appeal dismissed the
offender’s appeal against sentence. It bears mention that the victim was
mildly retarded and became pregnant as a result of the rape.

29 In _PP v MU_ [1999] SGHC 107, the accused claimed trial to three charges
under s 377 of the PC of committing carnal intercourse against the order of
nature with his daughter (_ie_ , fellatio) and four charges of rape by having
sexual intercourse with his daughter without her consent pursuant to s
376(2)(_b_) of the PC. He was found guilty of the charges and sentenced to
five years’ imprisonment on each of the three charges under s 377 and to 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane on each of the four charges
under s 376(2)(_b_). Two of the sentences for rape were ordered to run
consecutively while the others were to run concurrently, resulting in a total
of 30 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

30 In _PP v Peh Thian Hui_ [2002] 3 SLR 268, the first accused raped his
girlfriend’s daughter when she was just nine years old. This continued until
some five years later when the victim finally made a police report. The first
accused pleaded guilty to, _inter alia_ , five charges of aggravated rape for
non-consensual intercourse with a person below 14 years of age pursuant to s
376(2) of the PC. The mother, the second accused, was also complicit in these
offences and pleaded guilty to five charges of abetting her boyfriend’s rapes.
The age of the victim, the number of occasions of rape, the indignity and
degradation of the victim having to engage in a threesome with her own mother
compelled the court to sentence the first accused to 12 years’ imprisonment
and 15 strokes of the cane on each charge. The second accused was sentenced to
12 years’ imprisonment on each charge. Three of the sentences for the rape
charges were ordered to run consecutively, totalling 36 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane for the first accused and 36 years’ imprisonment
for the second accused.

31 In _PP v MW_ [2002] 4 SLR 912, the accused pleaded guilty to three charges
of having committed rape against his daughter, then just under 14 years of
age. The accused had raped his daughter as an act of revenge against his wife
for divorcing him. The daughter was considered to be mildly retarded and,
after the rapes, was reported to have difficulty trusting others. Tay Yong
Kwang JC (as he then was) sentenced the accused to 12 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane for each charge. The sentences for two of the charges
were ordered to run consecutively, resulting in a total of 24 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

32 In _PP v MV_ [2002] SGHC 161, the accused pleaded guilty to three charges
of raping his stepdaughter pursuant to s 376(2) of the PC. He was sentenced to
12 years’ imprisonment for each of the charges.

33 In yet another case, _PP v Jumadi bin Mohiden_ (Criminal Case No 42 of
2002) the accused pleaded guilty to two charges of raping his daughter under s
376(1) of the PC and consented to have another charge of attempted rape taken
into account. Tay JC sentenced the accused to 12 years’ imprisonment for each
charge. No caning was ordered on account of the accused’s age. In another
unreported decision by Tay JC, _PP v Muhammad Erwan bin Johari_ (Criminal Case
No 50 of 2001), the accused pleaded guilty to two counts of raping his
daughter under s 376(2) of the PC and another three counts of raping his
daughter pursuant to s 376(1) PC. Tay JC sentenced the accused to 12 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each of the charges under s 376(2)
of the PC and ten years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane for the
charges under s 376(1) of the PC. The sentences for the two charges under s
376(2) of the PC were ordered to run consecutively.

34 In the recent case of _PP v MX_ [2006] 2 SLR 786, the accused pleaded
guilty to five charges of rape under s 376(1) and four charges of aggravated
rape under s 376(2) of the PC. The accused’s victims were his five daughters
from his various wives. The accused was sentenced to ten years’ imprisonment
and eight strokes of the cane for each of the charges under s 376(1) and to 12
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for each of the charges under s
376(2). Two of the sentences for the s 376(1) charges and one of the sentences
for the s 376(2) charges were to run consecutively, totalling 32 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

35 Finally, in the most recent Court of Appeal decision in _V_  _Murugesan v
PP_ [2006] 1 SLR 388, an accused was sentenced to 18 years’ imprisonment and
14 strokes of the cane for having abducted and raped a stranger together with
an accomplice. The aggravating factors in this case were that the accused had
orchestrated the rape and conducted it in a “brazen and audacious manner” in a
public housing estate.

36 This catalogue of cases reveals that where vulnerable victims are involved
or where the presence of one or more of the factors enunciated in _Millberry_
are present (see [20] above), the courts have tended to mete out sentences
ranging from 12 to 18 years’ imprisonment with the majority of cases settling
on 12 strokes of the cane as the norm. In the light of the overarching and
compelling need for general deterrence in this genre of offences (see [39] and
[40] below), I am of the view that the appropriate starting point for category
2 rapes is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

**_Category 3 rapes_**

37 Category 3 rapes are those involving repeated rape of the same victim or of
multiple victims. I agree with the courts in _Millberry_ ([19] _supra_) and
_Billam_ ([19]) _supra_) that such offenders pose more than an ordinary danger
to society and therefore ought to be penalised severely with draconian
sentences. However, in most cases where the offender has terrorised the same
victim multiple times or where he has assaulted multiple victims, the
Prosecution would proceed with multiple charges against the accused. A
sentencing judge has then the option to exercise his discretion to order more
than one sentence to run consecutively in order to reflect the magnitude of
the offender’s culpability. As such, there is no overriding need for judges to
commence sentencing at a higher benchmark than that applied to category 2
rapes. In fact, to do so may in many cases result in double accounting and
excessive sentences.

**_Category 4 rapes_**

38 Category 4 rapes are rapes committed by offenders who have demonstrated
that they will remain a threat to society for an indefinite period of time. In
contradistinction to England, the option of a life sentence is unavailable in
Singapore currently. Accordingly, it would not be inappropriate to sentence a
category 4 offender to the maximum allowed under s 376 of the PC, _ie_ , 20
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, if the circumstances so
dictate.

**Application of benchmark sentences**

39 Apart from achieving a measure of consistency and predictability in
sentencing, one of the primary reasons for the setting of benchmark sentences
is that it conveys a deterrent message. It notifies would-be offenders of the
consequences of a particular breach of the law. In holding that the starting
point for category 2 rapes is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane, it is apposite to appreciate why deterrent sentences are especially
warranted in cases of familial rape.

40 Crimes of sexual assault are notoriously difficult to prosecute. For every
victim that comes forward, unfortunately, so many others remain silent for a
multitude of reasons. Not least of these are the fear of confronting the
offender, the humiliation and the destabilising emotional conflict and turmoil
that keep relentlessly swirling in a victim’s mind. Others, as Judith Lewis
Herman in _Trauma and Recovery_ (Basic Books, 1997) points out, simply cope
with the trauma by “walling off” the incident and choosing to ignore that it
happened, or preferring to view the incident as their fault: see [49] and [50]
below. In cases of incest, the victim may face additional pressure from other
family members not to expose the rapist out of an instinctive albeit misguided
reaction to preserve the unity of the family and to avoid the publicity and
shame that inevitably ensues from such a conviction. A victim of incest may
_herself_ wish to avoid these consequences and therefore choose not to report
the matter. That such pressures are real and palpable are more than amply
borne out in many of the cases examined earlier where the perpetrators have
repeatedly, remorselessly and brazenly satisfied their perverse and predatory
sexual inclinations and lust: see, for example, _PP v MU_ ([29] _supra_) where
the perpetrator tragically raped his daughter over a period of ten years.

41 I stated in _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] SGHC 117 (“ _Tan Kay Beng_ ”) at
[31] that:

[General deterrence] is premised upon the upholding of certain statutory or
public policy concerns or alternatively, upon judicial concern or disquiet
about the prevalence of particular offences and the attendant need to prevent
such offences from becoming contagious. Deterrence, as a general sentencing
principle, is also intended to create an awareness in the public and more
particularly among potential offenders that punishment will be certain and
unrelenting for certain offences and offenders.

42 That instances of rape should justly cause judicial disquiet is borne out
by the fact that while current statistics show that crime has broadly fallen,
the number of reported rapes for the months of January to June 2006 has not
abated. More significantly, 95% of the reported rape cases involved rapists
who were known to their victims. In my view, our courts would be grievously
remiss if they did not send an unequivocal and uncompromising message to all
would-be sex offenders that abusing a relationship or a position of authority
in order to gratify sexual impulse will inevitably be met with the harshest
penal consequences. In such cases, the sentencing principle of general
deterrence must figure prominently and be unmistakably reflected in the
sentencing equation.

43 However, I pause here simply to caution that while benchmark sentences
serve to provide stability and predictability in our sentencing practices,
they should never be applied mechanically, without a proper and assiduous
examination and understanding of the factual matrix of the case. As Lord Woolf
CJ stated, at [34], in _Millberry_ ([19] _supra_):

[W]e would emphasise that guidelines such as we have set out above can produce
sentences which are inappropriately high or inappropriately low if sentencers
merely adopt a mechanical approach to the guidelines. It is essential that
having taken the guidelines into account, sentencers stand back and look at
the circumstances as a whole and impose the sentence which is appropriate
having regard to all the circumstances. Double accounting must be avoided and
can be a result of guidelines if they are applied indiscriminately. Guideline
judgments are intended to assist the judge arrive [_sic_] at the current
sentence. They do not purport to identify the correct sentence. Doing so is
the task of the trial judge.

44 Lord Woolf’s sentiments reflect the local position. In _Dinesh Singh Bhatia
s/o Amarjeet Singh v PP_ [2005] 3 SLR 1, having summarised the jurisprudence
on the importance, utility and employment of sentencing benchmarks, I
remarked, at [24], that:

The circumstances of each case are of paramount importance in determining the
appropriate sentence. Benchmarks and/or tariffs (these terms are used
interchangeably in this judgment) have significance, standing and value as
judicial tools so as to help achieve a certain degree of consistency and
rationality in our sentencing practices. They provide the vital frame of
reference upon which rational and consistent sentencing decisions can be
based. They ought not, however, to be applied rigidly or religiously. No two
cases can or will ever be completely identical or symmetrical. The lower
courts, while obliged to pay careful and thoughtful attention to tariffs
and/or sentencing precedents, must not place them on an altar and obsessively
worship them. The judicial prerogative to depart in a reasoned and measured
manner from sentencing and precedent guidelines in appropriate cases should
not be lightly shrugged off. Sentencing is neither a science nor an
administrative exercise. Sentences cannot be determined with mathematical
certainty. Nor should they be arbitrary. The sentence must fit the crime.
Every sentence reflects a complex amalgam of numerous and various factors and
imponderables and requires the very careful evaluation of matters such as
public interest, the nature and circumstances of the offence and the identity
of the offender. Most crucially, it calls for the embodiment of individualised
justice. This in turn warrants the application of sound discretion. General
benchmarks, while highly significant, should not by their very definition be
viewed as binding or fossilised judicial rules, inducing a mechanical
application.

45 In the present matter, the accused pleaded guilty to one charge of raping
his daughter. Accordingly, the starting point is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. It remained to be determined if there were any further
mitigating or aggravating factors present in this case that would have served
to either enhance or reduce his sentence in accordance with his legal and
moral culpability.

**Aggravating factors**

**_Harm to victim_**

46 In almost every instance of rape, the potential harm which will be suffered
by the victim is an aggravating factor. It must be acknowledged that rape is
an inherently odious and reprehensible act that almost invariably inflicts
immeasurable as well as irreparable harm on a victim because it destroys two
central facets of his or her life. First, it cannot be gainsaid that respect
for the dignity, privacy and free will of a person must surely include his or
her inalienable right not be a victim of predatory sexual aggression. An act
of rape violates a person’s autonomous choice in sexual matters: see Andrew
Ashworth, _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 4th
Ed, 2005) at p 128. This intrusion of a person’s body is infinitely far more
heinous, egregious and profound than simply trespassing on or damaging
property. As Prof Ashworth incisively observes in _Principles of Criminal Law_
(Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 1999) at p 349:

[S]exuality has a certain uniqueness which is absent from much property:
sexuality is an intrinsic part of one’s personality, it is one mode of
expressing that personality in relation to others, and it is therefore
fundamental that one should be able to choose whether to express oneself in
this way – and, if so, towards and with whom. The essence of such self-
expression is that it should be voluntary, both in the giving and in the
receiving. Thus, _even where a sexual assault involves no significant physical
force, it constitutes harm in the sense that it invades a deeply personal
zone, gaining non-consensually that which should only be shared consensually_.
[emphasis added]

47 Secondly, further manifestation of the evil of rape is that it exacts
irretrievable physical, emotional and psychological scars on a victim. As the
Court of Appeal aptly put it in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick_ ([17] _supra_) at
364, [9]:

It can be seen from the above that rape is a serious offence for which a
severe punishment is prescribed by law. In this connection it would not be out
of place for us to follow the example of Lord Lane CJ in _R v Billam_ in
citing a passage from the Criminal Law Revision Committee’s 15th report on
sexual offences in 1984 which he said reflected accurately the views of the
English Court of Appeal, and which also accurately reflect the views of the
Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal. The passage was as follows:

Rape is generally regarded as the most grave of all the sexual offences. In a
paper put before us for our consideration by the Policy and Advisory Committee
on Sexual Offences the reasons for this are set out as follows —

Rape involves a severe degree of emotional and psychological trauma. It may be
described as a violation which in effect obliterated the personality of the
victim. Its physical consequences equally are severe: the actual physical harm
occasioned by the act of intercourse; associated violence or force and in some
cases degradation; after the event, quite apart from the woman’s continuing
insecurity, the fear of venereal disease or pregnancy. We do not believe this
latter fear should be underestimated, because abortion would usually be
available. This is not a choice open to all women and it is not a welcome
consequence for any. Rape is also particularly unpleasant because it involves
such intimate proximity between the offender and victim. We also attach
importance to the point that the crime of rape involves abuse of an act which
can be a fundamental means of expressing love for another, and to which as a
society we attach considerable value. ...

48 The UK Sentencing Advisory Panel’s _Advice on the Sexual Offences Act 2003_
to the Sentencing Guidelines Council (available at <http://www.sentencing-
guidelines.gov.uk/docs/advice-sexual-offences.pdf>) also highlights at para 16
that:

_The psychological trauma caused by sexual offences can be so deep-seated that
it can have a permanent impact on a victim’s ability to function in society_.
This can particularly be the case where sexual violation has been perpetrated
over a long period of time, _especially where the perpetrator is a family
member or a person in a position of trust. Existing personal relationships may
break down and victims often find it extremely difficult to develop intimate
relationships in the future_. [emphasis added]

49 When young persons are the victims of rape, the harm that is occasioned by
the sexual assault is severely exacerbated. Herman, writing on child abuse in
her illuminating book, _Trauma and Recovery_ ([40] _supra_), soberingly
observes (at p 96):

REPEATED TRAUMA in adult life erodes the structure of the personality already
formed, but repeated trauma in childhood forms and deforms the personality.
The child trapped in an abusive environment is faced with formidable tasks of
adaptation. She must find a way to preserve a sense of trust in people who are
untrustworthy, safety in a situation that is unsafe, control in a situation
that is terrifyingly unpredictable, power in a situation of helplessness.
Unable to care for or protect herself, she must compensate for the failures of
adult care and protection with the only means at her disposal, an immature
system of psychological defenses.

50 In a passage that further explains the psychological injury that is
inflicted particularly where the abuser is the victim’s parent, Herman
continues (at pp 101 and 102):

In this climate of profoundly disrupted relationships the child faces a
formidable developmental task. She must find a way to form primary attachments
to caretakers who are either dangerous or, from her perspective, negligent.
She must find a way to develop a sense of basic trust and safety with
caretakers who are untrustworthy and unsafe. She must develop a sense of self
in relation to others who are helpless, uncaring or cruel. ... And ultimately,
she must develop a capacity for intimacy out of an environment where all
intimate relationships are corrupt ...

…

All of the abused child’s psychological adaptations serve the fundamental
purpose of preserving her primary attachment to her parents in the face of
daily evidence of their malice, helplessness, or indifference. To accomplish
this purpose, the child resorts to a wide array of psychological defenses. By
virtue of these defenses, the abuse is either walled off from conscious
awareness and memory, so that it did not really happen, or minimized,
rationalized, and excused, so that whatever did happen was not really abuse.

51 Dr Woo’s report on B’s current psychological health (see [16] above)
demonstrates with stark and perturbing clarity that these passages are not
merely the theoretical musings of an academic. It is undeniable that most rape
victims suffer long-lasting and often permanent psychological trauma. Such
psychological trauma often manifests itself in self-destructive behaviour. It
will be recalled, for example, that Dr Woo also reported that B had cut her
wrists a few times since her rape. Such self-mutilating behaviour is widely
acknowledged as a common symptom of the sexual abuse of a child. As Herman
cogently explains (at pp 108–109):

[A] great many survivors develop chronic anxiety and depression which persist
into adult life. …

This emotional state … cannot be terminated by ordinary means of self-
soothing. Abused children discover at some point that the feeling can be most
effectively terminated by a major jolt to the body. The most dramatic method
of achieving this result is through the deliberate infliction of injury. The
connection between childhood abuse and self-mutilating behaviour is by now
well documented. …

Survivors [of abuse] who self-mutilate consistently describe a profound
disassociative state preceding the act. …

The mutilation continues until it produces a powerful feeling of calm and
relief; physical pain is much preferable to the emotional pain that it
replaces. …

Self-injury is also frequently mistaken for a suicidal gesture. …

Self-injury is intended not to kill but rather to relieve unbearable emotional
pain, and many survivors regard it, paradoxically, as a form of self-
preservation.

52 It is axiomatic that the immediate as well as future impact of a crime on a
victim is a relevant factor in the sentencing equation. As Stuart-Smith LJ put
it in _R v Nottingham Crown Court, Ex parte Director of Public Prosecutions_
[1996] 1 Cr App R (S) 283 at 288:

In my judgment, _it is a cardinal principle of sentencing that the court
should take into account when considering the gravity of the offence and the
appropriate sentence, the consequences to the victim_. This is because one of
the purposes of the criminal law is to assuage the feelings of victims and
their friends and relations. The law must redress their grievance by
inflicting an appropriate punishment and then there is no excuse for the
victim or his friends to exact their own retribution. [emphasis added]

In _Attorney-General’s Reference (No 1 of 1989)_ [1989] 1 WLR 1117, the
English Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) opined, in the context of incest,
that actual evidence of psychological or physical trauma is plainly an
aggravating factor.

53 It should however be noted, broadly speaking, that before a court considers
the impact of a crime on a victim, it is necessary and crucial that there be a
firm evidential basis for the determination of the extent of the damage that
the crime has had on the victim. When such evidence is available the court
should carefully assess the harm that has befallen the victim in arriving at a
sentence that fairly and accurately represents the gravity of the offence: _R
v Anthony_ _Hobstaff_ (1993) 14 Cr App R (S) 605; _R v Peter_ _O’s_ (1993) 14
Cr App R (S) 632. I should add, that by acknowledging the relevance and
importance of the extent of the injury caused to the victim by an offender’s
criminal act, it does not invariably follow that the failure or omission of
the Prosecution to adduce direct evidence of the victim’s suffering should
entitle the offender, as of right, to receive a more lenient sentence. This is
especially so where the offence is rape. As such, in _R v David N_ [2001] EWCA
Crim 792, the English Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) dismissed an appeal
against sentence where the appellant pleaded, _inter alia_ , that there was no
evidence that the victim had suffered physically or psychologically. This is
only right because, as stated above, an act of rape is _inherently_ violent –
if not because of the trauma it causes, then because of the fact that it
violates the bodily integrity of the victim and shatters the victim’s
invaluable and inalienable right to autonomy and privacy: see _PP v Soh Lip
Yong_ [1999] 4 SLR 281 at [29].

54 In the present case, there is incontrovertible and compelling evidence that
B is suffering from post-rape trauma several months after the rape. Most
significantly, the trauma that B wrestles with is distressingly and inexorably
amplified by the fact that the perpetrator is her natural father. In the
circumstances, I was unreservedly inclined, indeed compelled, to take into
account for the purposes of sentencing, the undeniably intense suffering that
B has been and will be made to endure as a consequence of the accused’s rape.

**_Other aggravating factors_**

55 In _Millberry_ ([19] _supra_), Lord Woolf, at [32], identified a further
list of nine aggravating factors that are often present in rape offences:

i. the use of violence over and above the force necessary to commit the rape;

ii. use of a weapon to frighten or injure the victim;

iii. the offence was planned;

iv. an especially serious physical or mental effect on the victim; this would
include, for example, a rape resulting in pregnancy, or in transmission of a
life-threatening or serious disease;

v. further degradation of the victim, _e.g._ by forced oral sex or urination
on the victim …

vi. the offender has broken into or otherwise gained access to the place where
the victim is living …

vii. the presence of children when the offence is committed …

viii. the covert use of a drug to overcome the victim’s resistance and/or
obliterate his or her memory of the offence;

ix. a history of sexual assaults or violence by the offender against the
victim …

56 The agreed facts did not disclose the presence of any of these aggravating
factors. On the basis of the statement of facts tendered to the court, the
rape was not premeditated. There were no further degrading acts committed
against B, apart from the rape itself. There is no evidence that the accused
had committed acts of violence or sexual assault against B on any prior
occasion. Neither weapons nor excessive or gratuitous force were employed. The
medical examination of B did not reveal pregnancy or any sexually-transmitted
disease. As such, the principal aggravating factor, in this case, other than
the familial relationship is the devastating psychological harm and trauma
that has been inflicted on B.

**Mitigating factors**

**_Plea of guilt and remorse_**

57 It will be recalled that the accused pleaded guilty to having raped his
daughter. However, a plea of guilt does not _ipso facto_ entitle an offender
to a discount in his sentence. Whether an early plea of guilt is given any
mitigating value depends on whether it is indicative of genuine remorse and a
holistic overview of the continuum of relevant circumstances: _Angliss
Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] SGHC 155 at [77]. A court should also carefully
examine the conduct of the offender after the commission of the offence in
order to determine whether the offender is genuinely contrite.

58 It may be argued, in the accused’s favour, that he not only surrendered
himself to the police on 3 March 2006 but also apologised to B sometime in
January 2006 for his actions. However, on closer examination of the facts, I
am not persuaded that there was any manifestation of sincere or veritable
contrition. It will be recalled that the accused apologised to B only after
his vile deed had been exposed, and even then, only after making a futile
attempt to deny the incident initially. It was D’s insistent interrogation of
the accused that precipitated a cul-de-sac and the resulting apology.
Similarly, the accused’s surrender to the police came only after E had lodged
a police report against him. In both instances, the accused acted only after
his guilt surfaced and came under the glare of scrutiny. Had the accused been
genuinely contrite for indiscriminately and wantonly acting on his depraved
impulse in November 2005, he would not have waited for at least two months to
apologise to B. In fact, if B had not unexpectedly exposed him in front of D
in January 2006 and subsequently told E about the incident, the accused may
not even have belatedly conveyed his apology to B. He would have been content
simply to pretend that nothing was amiss. In the circumstances, I cannot
accept that the accused’s plea of guilt ought to be accorded any appreciable
weightage save for his apparent willingness to facilitate the course of
justice. In any event, a plea of guilt even if properly motivated by remorse
or contriteness is only one consideration in the sea of sentencing factors.
Its importance and weightage may vary in different cases.

**_Hardship caused to the family_**

59 The accused pleaded for leniency in his sentence because of the hardship
that would be caused to his immediate and extended family by a long term of
imprisonment. The accused was also the sole breadwinner of the family.

60 It is almost inevitable that whenever the breadwinner of the family has
committed an offence and is sentenced to a lengthy term of imprisonment, his
family is made to bear and suffer the brunt of his folly. However, the cases
are both clear and consistent on one point. Little if any weight can be
attached to the fact that the family will suffer if the accused is imprisoned
for a substantial period of time: _Lai Oei Mui Jenny v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 305;
_PP v Perumal s/o Suppiah_ [2000] 3 SLR 308; _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_ [2001] 2
SLR 474.

61 In this regard, it is apposite to reproduce the observations of Tay Yong
Kwang J in _PP v MX_ ([34] _supra_), at [40]:

It is always an extremely difficult task for the court to sentence the main
provider of a family, particularly where the victim herself is also dependent
on him for her livelihood. The court, in delivering the victim from her
tormentor by putting him away for a long period of time, becomes her shining
light but paradoxically also casts a lengthy shadow on her life by depriving
her of her main provider. …The family must therefore accept that the accused
will not be contributing financially for a significant period and make the
necessary adjustments.

62 I can only add to these astute comments by noting that, particularly, in a
case where an accused has committed an offence against a family member, it
does not lie in his mouth to exploit the sympathy that naturally arises for
his family for his own personal benefit in seeking a reduction of his
sentence. The essence of the offence is the emotional and psychological trauma
the offender has inflicted on his family. The offender’s culpability cannot be
simply brushed aside lightly or dusted off purely because of economic
considerations. Lamentably, there are no easy or right answers in cases of
this nature. It can be said, however, that if the accused had any genuine care
and concern for his family, he could and would have resisted his unnatural
impulse in the first place.

**The need for specific deterrence**

63 In assessing whether specific deterrence is a necessary consideration in
sentencing the particular offender, a court may take into account the
circumstances of the offence (_PP v_ _Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523 at [18]),
the personal circumstances of the offender (_Tan Kay Beng_ ([41] _supra_) at
[50]–[51]; _PP v Aguilar Guen Garlejo_ [2006] 3 SLR 247 at [44]) and the
criminal record of the offender (_PP v Ng Bee Leng Lana_ [1992] 1 SLR 635 at
637–638, [13]).

64 In so far as the circumstances of the offence are concerned in this
particular instance, I am satisfied that they do not indicate that the
offender is likely to repeat his heinous act. The rape in November 2005 was
not premeditated; nor was it part of a series of rapes against B or anyone
else. Nor do the facts disclose that the offender is of an unstable character
(_PP v Chee Cheong Hin Constance_ [2006] 2 SLR 707 at [5]–[6]) such that he
likely to re-offend.

65 The personal circumstances of the accused in this case are neither here nor
there. While there is nothing on the record to suggest that he will commit a
sexual offence again, there is on the other hand nothing particularly
compelling or suggestive to indicate that he will not. As such, it would be
inappropriate to draw any positive or adverse inferences from the personal
circumstances of the accused.

**Prior criminal antecedents**

66 As for the accused’s criminal antecedents, he clearly does not have an
immediately relevant history. However, before analysing the implications of an
offender’s criminal record, it would be useful to bear in mind the exact
relevance of such a record. Needless to say, it would be wrong to penalise
someone again for his past misdeeds, particularly if he has already served his
sentence for them. To do so would be tantamount to a violation of the
constitutional safeguard eschewing double jeopardy. Accordingly, it would be
inappropriate to mechanically enhance the sentence of an offender simply by
virtue of the fact that he has a criminal record. One’s criminal record is
relevant to the extent that a sentencing judge may draw certain inferences
about the accused’s character, attitude and likelihood of rehabilitation: _Sim
Yeow Seng v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 44 at 47, [8]. In _Tan Kay Beng_ ([41] _supra_ at
[17]) I cited with approval, a passage from _Veen v The Queen_ _[No 2]_ (1988)
164 CLR 465 at 477–478:

[T]he antecedent criminal history of an offender is a factor which may be
taken into account in determining the sentence to be imposed, but it cannot be
given such weight as to lead to the imposition of a penalty which is
disproportionate to the gravity of the instant offence. To do so would be to
impose a fresh penalty for past offences: _Director of Public Prosecutions v
Ottewell_ [[1970] AC 462 at 650]. _The antecedent criminal history is
relevant, however, to show whether the instant offence is an uncharacteristic
aberration or whether the offender has manifested in his commission of the
instant offence a continuing attitude of disobedience of the law_. In the
latter case, retribution, deterrence and protection of society may all
indicate that a more severe penalty is warranted. _It is legitimate to take
account of the antecedent criminal history when it illuminates the moral
culpability of the offender in the instance case, or shows his dangerous
propensity or shows a need to impose condign punishment to deter the offender
and other offenders from committing further offences of a like kind._ Counsel
for the applicant submitted that antecedent criminal history was relevant only
to a prisoner’s claim for leniency. That is not and has never been the
approach of the courts in this country and it would be at odds with the
community’s understanding of what is relevant to the assessment of criminal
penalties. [emphasis added]

67 In a case of somewhat greater vintage, Hilbery J similarly remarked in _R v
Kenneth John Ball_ (1951) 35 Cr App R 164 at 166:

It follows that when two persons are convicted together of a crime or series
of crimes in which they have been acting in concert, it may be right, and very
often is right, to discriminate between the two and to be lenient to the one
and not to the other. _The background, antecedents and character of the one
and his whole bearing in Court may indicate a chance of reform if leniency is
extended, whereas it may seem that only a harsh lesson is likely to make the
other stop in his criminal career_. [emphasis added]

68 Therefore, a court is not compelled to assign any weight to an offender’s
previous convictions if they do not constitute a reasonable basis on which to
infer that an offender might re-offend. As Yong Pung How CJ held in _PP v Boon
Kiah Kin_ [1993] 3 SLR 639 at 647–648, [37], a court “shall also be open to
persuasion as to the weight that should be assigned to these convictions for
earlier offences”. In other words, was the present offence a fleeting moment
of weakness or did it involve an element of scheming or planning? If the
offence under consideration was committed as a result of pressures or
provocation that might be viewed as separate and unrelated to any previous
offences, a court should not feel obliged to impose a heavier sentence by mere
dint of the fact that the accused has a criminal record: see also D A Thomas,
_Principles of Sentencing: The Sentencing Policy of the Court of Appeal
Criminal Division_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p 203. This general approach
is, needless to say, subject to any statutory provision prescribing an
enhanced sentence for a repeat offender.

69 One instructive, and entirely logical yardstick that the courts have
adopted in determining what, if any, weight should be assigned to a previous
conviction comes in the form of an enquiry as to whether the previous
offence(s) bears any similarity to the offence under consideration. If an
offender has committed a similar offence on previous and/or multiple
occasions, it would not be illogical to surmise that a longer sentence is
justified on the principle that specific deterrence is necessary to curb his
criminal activity. Conversely, a dissimilar offence is by parity of reasoning
of no _direct_ relevance: _Tan Kay Beng_ ([41] _supra_) at [14]. However, as
with all principles of law, it would be a mistake to apply these
considerations unthinkingly, without an adequate assessment of the precise
facts before the court. Therefore, even though the antecedents of an offender
may be technically and/or literally dissimilar, this has not deterred the
courts from according them weight on the basis that, viewed cumulatively, they
either share a common denominator with the present conviction (see _eg_ ,
_Wong Sin Yee v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 197 at [23]) or demonstrate a progressive
proclivity towards increasingly serious criminal activity (_Tan Kay Beng_ at
[16]).

70 Apart from examining the similarity or dissimilarity of the offender’s
criminal antecedents _vis-à-vis_ the present conviction, it may also be
relevant to take into account the interval between the most recent conviction
and the current conviction. It has by and large been assumed that the doctrine
of spent convictions does not apply in Singapore following the High Court’s
decision in _Leong Mun Kwai v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 338. This may not be entirely
correct. _Leong Mun Kwai v PP_ merely established that as a matter of
statutory interpretation, an English statute (the Rehabilitation of Offenders
Act 1974 (c 53)) barring the admission of spent convictions could not be
imported into Singapore law via s 5 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) given that the English provision dealt with substantive rather
than procedural law. On this point, I express my agreement with Yong CJ.
However, the court did not foreclose the development of a similar doctrine
through the common law. In fact, Yong Pung How CJ, at 342, [19], presciently
observed:

The effect that these convictions have on sentencing in any case must depend
on the facts of the case. In my view, relevant considerations would be the
number and nature of these previous convictions. Similarly, _for convictions
which occurred a long time ago, it would also be relevant to consider the
length of time during which the defendant has maintained a blemish-free
record._ All these are part and parcel of the convicted person’s antecedents
which the court should take into account. [emphasis added]

71 In Victoria, this, too, is the general approach. As summarised by Richard G
Fox and Arie Freiberg, _Sentencing: State and Federal Law in Victoria_ (Oxford
University Press, 2nd Ed, 1999) at p 272 (para 3.706):

Not every prior conviction or finding of guilt is considered relevant in the
exercise of the sentencing discretion. …

[O]ffences that occur after a significant period free of crime will be
regarded less seriously. The longer the period without offending the greater
the mitigatory effect, even if the previous record was considerable. The gap
in the record must be due to the defendant’s own efforts at rehabilitation and
not merely because the person’s law breaking was undetected, or because a
sentence of imprisonment was being served.

72 The rationale for according weight to the length of time that an offender
has stayed clean is two-fold. First, “isolated convictions in the long distant
past” should not, as a matter of logic, be considered evidence of
irretrievably bad character. They might simply be indicative of an occasional
lapse in judgment. Secondly, the nature of the lapse being scrutinised is
crucial. A substantial gap between one conviction and another may be testament
to a genuine effort to amend wanton ways which may even lead a court to
consider the possibility of rehabilitation: see also D A Thomas ([68] _supra_)
at pp 200–202.

73 It is significant that Parliament has decided that where a previous
conviction resulted in an imprisonment of not more than three months or a fine
not exceeding $2,000, the record of the offender is considered “spent” after
five years: see Pt IIA of the Registration of Criminals Act (Cap 268, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“ROCA”). The rationale underlying the ROCA, _ie_ , that the prospects of
an offender ought not to be prejudiced forever as long as he evinces an
intention to stay free from crime for five years, is one which is laudable and
_ought_ to be given full expression by the courts in their sentencing
decisions. I am, however, aware that the ROCA does not literally apply to
sentencing decisions by the courts; see s 7E(2)(_c_) of the ROCA. Therefore,
all prior convictions of an offender are in theory _relevant_ in sentencing.
However, nothing either in the ROCA or any other statute prevents the courts
from disregarding such antecedents or duly granting credit to an offender who
has attempted to stay on the straight and narrow for a significant length of
time for the reasons already articulated in [72] above. Nor is there anything
in the ROCA, any other statute or current sentencing practice compelling the
court to treat an offender’s antecedents as an aggravating factor in all
cases.

74 In the present case, the accused had prior convictions for housebreaking
and theft by day and by night, trafficking in a controlled drug and
consumption of a controlled drug. These offences were of a wholly different
nature from the present transgression. They were neither sexual nor violent in
nature. Moreover, the last of these convictions was 24 years ago. In _PP v
Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR 611 at [12], Yong CJ held that even though the
previous offences of the offender were similar to the conviction he was now
facing, the previous offences had been committed while he was a juvenile some
11 years ago. Therefore, “some, but not too much” weight was placed on his
antecedents. Similarly, in _R v Boyd_ [1975] VR 168, the Supreme Court of
Victoria considered a 12-year gap free of violent crime as equivalent to good
behaviour. Considering the facts of the present matter, I found that it was
similarly inappropriate to attach any weight to them or, indeed, to find that
they are portentous of a risk of re-offending.

**Conclusion**

75 Sentencing requires the exercise of measured discretion and a sentencing
judge must always assess on a balancing scale several competing and often
conflicting considerations. In rape cases, a deterrent sentence is usually
warranted; and this is reflected in the benchmark sentences set out both in
_Chia Kim Heng Frederick_ ([17] _supra_) and in this case. However, as I
observed in _Tan Kay Beng_ ([41] _supra_) at [31], “[d]eterrence must always
be tempered by proportionality in relation to the severity of the offence
committed as well as by the moral and legal culpability of the offender”. In
rape offences, there are invariably at least three dimensions involved in the
determination of the appropriate sentence. They are: (a) the offender’s
culpability; (b) the extent of harm to the victim; and (c) the risk of
repetition of similar offences. While rape is a heinous offence that invites
heavy punishment, an offender’s culpability and precise punishment should be
carefully calibrated in each and every case.

76 In the instant case, the starting point is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane. This benchmark, as I said, reflects the pressing need for
general deterrence apropos familial rape. That said, it is vital to examine
the precise factual matrix of this case in order to determine whether the
benchmark is too low or too high, in proportion to the accused’s culpability.
To the credit of the accused, he has stayed away from crime for a substantial
period of 24 years. This suggests that the accused is not beyond
rehabilitation. This episode was not, as far as the facts demonstrate, a
premeditated act. While an odious act, it was committed in a moment of sheer
unrestrained impulse. Granting that a maximum sentence was clearly not
warranted, other factors however militated strongly and compellingly against
any leniency or sentencing discount in this matter. In particular, the grave
and probably irreparable psychological damage to B weighed heavily in the
equation. In the result, notwithstanding the accused’s apparent co-operation
and professed contrition, I determined that a sentence of 15 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane was both warranted and dictated by the
circumstances of this case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

