Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Credit Suisse  
[2006] SGHC 4

Case Number | : | Suit 1222/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anjali Iyer (Anjali Iyer and Associates) and Oommen Mathew (Haq and Selvam) for the plaintiff; K Shanmugam SC and Muthu Arusu (Allen and Gledhill) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd — Credit Suisse   
  
Banking – Banker’s set-off – Plaintiff depositing money with bank under fixed
deposit contract – Drawdown by plaintiff under credit facility – Whether bank
entitled to set off loan against money held in fixed deposit -Whether bank put
on notice as to forgery or fraud  
  

16 January 2006

Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The plaintiff, a Hong Kong company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PT
Pertamina (“Pertamina”), the Indonesian national oil company. The defendant is
a foreign company registered in Singapore as such and is a branch of a bank
which has its headquarters in Switzerland.

2 The claim here is for the return of the sum of US$9m deposited by the
plaintiff with the defendant under a fixed deposit contract made on or about
15 February 2002. At the centre of the dispute is a drawdown of US$8m under a
credit facility granted by the defendant in the name of the plaintiff and the
subsequent setting off of this loan by the defendant with the money held in
the said fixed deposit. The plaintiff alleged that it did not instruct any
drawdown and therefore demanded the repayment of its fixed deposit with all
accrued interest from 15 February 2002 to 26 November 2003, the date of its
letter of demand. The plaintiff also claimed that it terminated the banking
relationship with the defendant by the same letter of demand and was therefore
entitled to a detailed statement of the interest earned on the fixed deposit.
The defendant contended that the drawdown was effected according to
instructions given by the plaintiff and that the plaintiff was aware of the
loan at all material times.

3 At all material times, the plaintiff had two directors, Muchsin Bahar
(“Bahar”) and Burhanuddin Hassan (“Hassan”), both of whom were based in
Jakarta, Indonesia. The top senior executive officers of the plaintiff were
Soekono Wahjoe (“Wahjoe”), the President of the company, and Zainul Ariefin
(“Ariefin”), the Vice President of Finance and Administration. These two
officers were stationed in Singapore.

4 Haji Dedy Budhiman Garna (“Dedy”) was a businessman who controlled a company
known as Aceasia Commercial Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Aceasia”), a private banking
client of the defendant. Wahjoe and Ariefin knew Dedy as they had previously
discussed a proposal for a financial scheme between Aceasia and the plaintiff.
In late 2001, Dedy introduced the plaintiff to the defendant’s then
relationship manager, Lim Chee Chien (“Lim C C”). At that first meeting, the
plaintiff informed Lim C C that it wished to open an account with the
defendant.

5 A second meeting was held around 19 November 2001 in a Singapore hotel.
Ariefin and other officers of the plaintiff met Lim C C. Dedy also attended
that meeting. The plaintiff indicated that it wanted to open an account with
the defendant in order to diversify the investment opportunities of the US$40m
it had in an account with BNP Paribas and to secure more business
opportunities with Dedy/Aceasia in respect of oil tankers. Lim C C was told
that Dedy/Aceasia had contacts with European oil trading companies and would
be able to facilitate business deals between the plaintiff and those
companies. Lim C C was also told that the plaintiff wanted to utilise the
deposit with the defendant to generate higher returns and for loans and
guarantee facilities.

6 On 17 January 2002, at a meeting held in Jakarta, Bahar and Hassan signed a
directors’ resolution which had the following material terms:

**_OPEN BANK ACCOUNT WITH CREDIT SUISSE, SINGAPORE BRANCH_**

RESOLVED:-

(a) That an Account (“The Account”) be opened in the name of the Company with
Credit Suisse, Singapore Branch.

(b) That the account and such other accounts as may from time to time be
established by the Company with Credit Suisse, Singapore Branch be operated by
any one of the following authorized signatories signing singly:

Authorized Signatories Title Specimen Signature

Soekono Wahjoe President (signed)

Zainul Ariefin Vice President (signed)

\- Finance & Administration

(c) That the use of the Common Seal of the Company be approved and be affixed
to the related bank documents regarding opening of the account.

7 On or about 14 February 2002, Ariefin told Lim C C that the plaintiff was
opening an account with the defendant and that he should expect a remittance
of US$9m for that purpose from BNP Paribas in Hong Kong. Wahjoe testified that
the opening of the plaintiff’s account with the defendant was in accordance
with the plaintiff’s standard operating procedure. Hassan was aware that the
account was to be opened.

8 Lim C C then submitted to his senior management a Politically Exposed
Persons (“PEP”) Report, which assessed the plaintiff’s creditworthiness, and a
Due Diligence checklist on the plaintiff. The senior management gave approval
for the opening of an account for the plaintiff on the condition that the
necessary account opening documents be submitted by the end of February 2002.

9 On 15 February 2002, Ariefin authorised the transfer of US$9m from BNP
Paribas to the defendant. Wahjoe, who was in Iran then, had asked Ariefin to
wait until he returned to Singapore so that they could discuss the matter
further but Ariefin apparently disregarded his instructions. Nevertheless,
Wahjoe did not pursue this issue as the plaintiff had already decided to move
its banking operations to Singapore and the defendant was one of the banks
that it was looking to for support. Wahjoe told Ariefin that he had three
months to obtain the letter of credit facilities from the defendant. The money
was deposited into an account in the plaintiff’s name and this was confirmed
by a statement from the defendant dated 18 February 2002 sent to the
plaintiff’s office here.

10 The defendant then received the following documents dated 18 February 2002
signed by Wahjoe and Ariefin on behalf of the plaintiff:

(a) Company Mandate;

(b) Account Opening Conditions;

(c) Specimen signature card containing the signatures of Wahjoe and Ariefin;

(d) Order relating to the retention of correspondence;

(e) Risk Disclosure Statement; and

(f) Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for US tax withholding.

11 Clauses 2 and 3 of the Company Mandate provided:

2 The Bank be authorised to honour any instructions relating to any activity
acceptable to the Bank from time to time provided such instructions are signed
by

Soekono Wahjoe singly

Zainul Ariefin singly

(being an “authorised signatory” or “authorised signatories” of the Company
for all the purposes of this mandate.

3 The Bank be authorised and instructed at its absolute discretion to accept
any instructions which it believes to be genuine from authorised agents of the
Company whether given orally by telephone facsimile telegraph or cable and the
Company agrees to bear the damages or any other losses resulting from reliance
by the Bank upon any false forged or otherwise legally deficient instructions
from the Company or from a third party purporting to act on its behalf and the
Company agrees to bear any damages or other losses due to transmission by post
telegraph, telephone, telex or any other mode of communication and resulting
from losses, delays, misunderstanding mutilations or duplications except in
the case of wilful or gross negligence on the part of the Bank and more
particularly:

…

Clause 6 of the Company Mandate conferred on the defendant the right of set-
off of money standing to the credit of the plaintiff against its outstanding
liabilities.

12 Clause 1.2 of the Account Opening Conditions provided that the plaintiff
authorised the defendant, at the defendant’s absolute discretion and until the
defendant received from the plaintiff notice in writing to the contrary, to
honour and comply with written instructions from either Wahjoe or Ariefin.
Clause 15 of the same provided that the plaintiff would indemnify the
defendant and hold both the defendant and its employees harmless from and
against any and all losses, claims, actions, proceedings, _etc_ unless arising
solely from the defendant’s gross negligence or wilful default, which the
defendant might incur or sustain from or by reason of the defendant acting or
carrying out any instructions purportedly given to it pursuant to the said
conditions.

13 The plaintiff also requested (see sub-para (d) at [10] above) that
statements of its account be kept on a retained mail basis by the Customer
Services Department of the defendant.

14 In addition, the plaintiff submitted the following to the defendant for the
opening of the plaintiff’s account:

(a) the plaintiff’s directors’ resolution dated 17 January 2002;

(b) the plaintiff’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and Certificate of
Incorporation; and

(c) copies of the passports of Bahar, Hassan, Wahjoe and Ariefin.

15 According to Wahjoe, he signed the above documents in blank and without
reading them when they were put before him by Ariefin. This was because he
trusted Ariefin and Ariefin had already signed the same. He also trusted the
defendant to complete the forms properly and truthfully. However, Wahjoe was
aware that the documents were to be used to open a bank account with the
defendant but did not appreciate that among the documents presented to him by
Ariefin were documents that only the plaintiff’s directors could sign. Wahjoe
was generally in charge of the trading activities while Ariefin took charge of
the financial matters, including dealings with banks. There was no system of
reporting to Hassan and Bahar before a bank account was opened. The opening of
the account with the defendant was in accordance with the plaintiff’s standard
procedure for opening bank accounts.

16 On 18 February 2002, Ariefin made an oral request to Lim C C for the urgent
drawdown of a sum of money from a credit facility to be established by the
defendant in the plaintiff’s favour. This sum of money was to be remitted to
Aceasia. Ariefin and Dedy informed Lim C C that the drawdown was urgently
required as the plaintiff owed money to Aceasia for oil contracts and oil
tankers which had already been delivered. The plaintiff had originally
requested that a bank guarantee be issued by the defendant to Aceasia. That
request was, however, turned down as the transaction would involve two parties
both of whom were the defendant’s customers.

17 Accordingly, the defendant approved conditionally a trading and credit
facility and a multi-currency commercial line of credit facility for the
plaintiff, limited to the amount of US$10m. These credit facilities were to be
secured by a charge over the plaintiff’s deposit in its account with the
defendant. However, before any drawdown was permitted under the multi-currency
credit facility, the plaintiff had to ensure the following:

(a) all account opening documents were in order;

(b) the facility letters had to be signed by the plaintiff’s authorised
officers;

(c) a charge on cash amounts (“the charge”) was to be executed and it had to
bear the plaintiff’s company seal and be registered with the Hong Kong
registry of companies; and

(d) a board of directors’ resolution had to be passed accepting the credit
facilities.

18 On 26 February 2002, Ariefin handed to Lim C C a letter addressed to the
defendant requesting a drawdown of US$8m on the plaintiff’s credit facility.
The money would be transferred to Aceasia’s account with the defendant. Lim C
C was told by Ariefin and Dedy that the money was the plaintiff’s payment to
Aceasia for oil contracts and oil tankers that had already been supplied.
However, the defendant’s credit risk management department did not allow the
drawdown as the facility letters were signed by Wahjoe and Ariefin instead of
Hassan and Bahar and the charge document did not have the plaintiff’s company
seal.

19 The next day, the plaintiff faxed over to the defendant an undated
directors’ resolution (“the ratification resolution”) apparently signed by
Hassan and Bahar. The ratification resolution purported to acknowledge that
the credit facilities were in the interest of and for the benefit of the
plaintiff and that the plaintiff accepted the conditions set out in the
facility letters. It also purportedly “ratified, confirmed and approved” the
facility letters and the charge executed by Wahjoe and Ariefin and authorised
them jointly and severally to execute all future amendments to the facility
letters and related documents.

20 On 4 March 2002, the charge was sealed with the plaintiff’s company seal at
the office of the plaintiff’s then company secretary in Hong Kong. It was also
registered with the registry of companies in Hong Kong that day. Subsequently,
a certificate of registration was issued by the said registry.

21 In accordance with the defendant’s protocols, the defendant’s credit risk
management department verified that all the relevant documents had been
accepted and approved by the plaintiff’s authorised officers. On 5 March 2002,
the drawdown of US$8m from the plaintiff’s account was effected and the money
was credited to Aceasia’s account with the defendant. The terms of the loan
were confirmed in a letter entitled “Fixed Term Loan Drawdown” dated 12 March
2002, which was marked “Private and Confidential” and sent to the plaintiff’s
Singapore address. The loan was booked as a utilisation of the credit
facilities granted by the defendant to the plaintiff.

22 By a letter dated 18 March 2002 signed by Ariefin, the plaintiff requested
that all mail marked “Private and Confidential” be forwarded to Ariefin’s home
address in Singapore as the plaintiff was relocating its Singapore office at
Wisma Atria to Ngee Ann City. As the reason given was an entirely logical one,
the defendant complied with that request and forwarded all such mail with
effect from 25 March 2002. This included bank statements on the loan.

23 In the meantime, in the months after February 2002, Wahjoe asked Ariefin
from time to time about when the defendant would be extending the letter of
credit facilities to the plaintiff. Ariefin informed him that the matter was
progressing well and that the final approval of the president of the defendant
in Switzerland was imminent. Wahjoe believed Ariefin. By early June 2002,
there was still no news from the defendant about the said facilities. Wahjoe
then instructed Ariefin to transfer the deposit in the account with the
defendant to Pertamina’s account with Bank Negara Indonesia (“BNI”). A few
days later, Ariefin informed Wahjoe that he had already given the instructions
to the defendant on 7 June 2002. Again, Wahjoe believed Ariefin. In fact, in a
projected cash flow statement that Ariefin produced for the week 10 to 14 June
2002, it was stated that the US$9m deposit had already been transferred to
BNI.

24 In early July 2002, Wahjoe discovered that the US$9m had not been
transferred to BNI. Ariefin explained that he had made a mistake when
preparing the cash flow statements and would look into the matter. Later in
the week, when Wahjoe confronted Ariefin again about this, Ariefin told him
that the funds had to remain with the defendant because of an arrangement that
the defendant had structured which involved Aceasia. When Wahjoe asked him for
details, he was not able to explain the arrangement but promised that he would
do so shortly. Wahjoe was concerned as he had met Dedy of Aceasia before and
was not comfortable with him. Although Dedy dressed like a Muslim holy man, he
bragged about grandiose plans and did not give satisfactory answers when asked
about his purported immense wealth.

25 Ariefin assured Wahjoe that there was no cause for alarm as the deposit was
safe with the defendant except that it was locked in until 15 March 2003.
Wahjoe was not satisfied with Ariefin’s assurances as he could not understand
what the arrangement was all about. Wahjoe then called Lim C C, their
relationship manager and their only contact in the defendant. Lim C C
confirmed what Ariefin had said to Wahjoe earlier. Wahjoe could not understand
Lim C C’s explanation about the arrangement other than Lim C C’s assurance
that the plaintiff’s deposit was not at risk with the only restriction being
that the deposit was blocked for one year and could not be moved.

26 On 18 and 22 July 2002, Wahjoe met Dedy at the plaintiff’s offices in
Jakarta and in Singapore to seek clarification about the arrangement with
Aceasia. On 9 August 2002, Wahjoe ran into Dedy at a mosque here and asked him
to go with him to the plaintiff’s office. At that meeting, Wahjoe informed
Dedy that the plaintiff wanted to transfer the deposit with the defendant to
BNI. Dedy told Wahjoe that the deposit was being used as security for a
contract between the plaintiff and Aceasia. This meeting was made known to
Ariefin and other officers in the plaintiff. Wahjoe reported to Hassan about
the existence of this contract.

27 In late August or early September 2002, when Wahjoe walked into Ariefin’s
office, he saw a photocopy of a document entitled “Asset Management Agreement”
on Ariefin’s table. It was said to be an investment management agreement dated
27 February 2002 made between Aceasia as Asset Manager and the plaintiff as
Asset Owner and was signed by Dedy and Ariefin respectively. Under the
agreement, the plaintiff agreed to place US$8m with Aceasia for it to manage
the money. Wahjoe could not understand this agreement and asked Ariefin to
explain it to him. Ariefin was not able to do so and Wahjoe became very angry
with him. At that point, Ariefin broke down and admitted that he also did not
understand the document. He claimed that he had only signed the agreement
recently because Wahjoe had been pestering him for documentation and he was
concerned that he had nothing in writing with Aceasia. He thought that signing
the agreement would protect the plaintiff’s interests. He also claimed that he
had backdated the document to make sure that the deposit was protected from
the beginning. Ariefin also claimed that he had been forced to sign the
agreement by Lim C C and Dedy. Since the agreement had been signed, Wahjoe
thought that they could do nothing except wait till the end of the period
stated in the agreement, namely 15 March 2003, before transferring the deposit
to BNI.

28 In August 2002, the finance division of Pertamina asked Ariefin for all the
documents pertaining to the defendant and Aceasia. In October 2002, an audit
was conducted on the plaintiff’s accounts. Pertamina’s internal auditor wanted
confirmation from the defendant regarding the status of the plaintiff’s
account. In November 2002, the defendant provided the plaintiff’s deposit and
loan details to the internal auditor. These included a copy of an account
statement dated 31 October 2002 which showed that a loan of US$8m had been
utilised by the plaintiff and that the deposit with the defendant was subject
to a set-off if the loan was not paid.

29 In December 2002, the internal auditor, in his report, recommended that the
plaintiff’s management “really put efforts to avoid company’s loss by being
responsible and judging the best for company and considering all the risks
would still be at [the plaintiff’s] management, and also [the plaintiff’s
management] keep on continuing the efforts optimally in securing the asset of
US$9m by looking at legal and financial aspect”.

30 In early March 2003, Wahjoe telephoned Lim C C and asked about the deposit.
Lim C C told him that it was safe and could be transferred by 15 March 2003.
Wahjoe felt reassured. When Wahjoe telephoned Lim C C again around 17 March
2003 to enquire about the matter, he was told that Lim C C had resigned from
the defendant.

31 On 21 March 2003, after the deadline of 15 March 2003 in the agreement had
passed, Wahjoe met Dedy to discuss the plaintiff’s deposit with the defendant.
Dedy informed him that there had been a slight delay and that he was arranging
a remittance of US$28m shortly and upon that being effected, the defendant
would release the money in the deposit. Dedy also said that Lim C C had joined
Aceasia.

32 On 4 April 2003, representatives from the plaintiff’s subsidiary, Pertamina
Energy Services Ltd (“PES”), having been authorised by Wahjoe to review the
account with the defendant, went to the defendant and took away copies of the
account and credit facility documents.

33 On 7 April 2003, the plaintiff held a meeting to discuss the recent events.
At this meeting, Ariefin broke down and denied all knowledge of the loan to
the plaintiff or of its disbursement to Aceasia. Ariefin alleged that his
signature on the drawdown letter of 26 February 2002 was forged. It was not on
the plaintiff’s letterhead and had no reference number. Ariefin also denied
having signed the mail re-direction letter. Wahjoe believed him as that letter
appeared to have been faxed to the defendant from a facsimile machine named
“HDG”, which were the initials of Dedy’s full name. Although Ariefin was
questioned severely by Wahjoe, he maintained his innocence and stated that he
was willing to make a police report about the alleged forgeries. Wahjoe then
accepted that Ariefin must have been duped by Lim C C and Dedy. He asked
Ariefin to arrange a meeting with those two men. The plaintiff then instructed
lawyers in Singapore. The defendant was not told about Ariefin’s allegations
or about any dispute concerning the opening of the account, the loan or the
drawdown.

34 On 9 April 2003, a further meeting was called by Wahjoe. He was unsure
whether it was possible to close the account with the defendant and whether
the defendant would return the full amount of US$9m. He tasked Ariefin to look
into this.

35 That afternoon, Ariefin and the finance manager of PES, who was Wahjoe’s
representative, met the defendant’s Joseph Sim, a director, and Conrad Lim,
the then head of Legal and Compliance, at the defendant’s premises. There,
Ariefin gave oral and written instructions to the defendant to set off the
plaintiff’s outstanding loan amount of some US$8.25m against its deposit.
Ariefin also signed a Summary of Holdings statement authorising a change in
the correspondence address from his residence to the plaintiff’s new office
address at Ngee Ann City. This summary included information about the loan.

36 Later that day, Ariefin confirmed his instructions on the set-off by faxing
to the defendant a formal request on the plaintiff’s letterhead asking that
the loan amount be repaid from the plaintiff’s deposit and that the remaining
US$890,413.91 in the account be “put on weekly rollover”. The defendant
notified the plaintiff through Wahjoe by fax at 11.25am on 10 April 2003,
repeating Ariefin’s instructions about the set-off and stating that “unless
you have any further instructions, which should reach us before 4.30pm today,
we will proceed to act on Pertamina’s instructions”. That same morning, Dedy
went to the plaintiff’s office. Wahjoe demanded an explanation from him and
demanded the return of the deposit money. Dedy explained that there had been
some unexpected delay at his end and promised to put the matter right soon.

37 Wahjoe did not see the fax from the defendant about the set-off until late
in the afternoon of 10 April 2003 as he was busy dealing with the crisis. He
was taken aback and asked Ariefin what it was all about. Ariefin explained
that the request about the set-off was prepared by the defendant and that he
had signed it because he felt pressurised to do so. Realising that the matter
was now out of control, Wahjoe wanted time to brief his directors and to seek
legal advice. He therefore faxed a letter to the defendant’s Conrad Lim at
about 7.29pm that day stating:

We refer to your fax dated 10 April 2003 regarding the above mentioned
subject. We would like to inform you as follows:

1 After reading your fax, we hereby would like to extend the whole amount of
the deposit in your bank for another week i.e. till 17 April 2003.

2 We understand that we have to give our reply by 4.30pm on 10 April 2003.
However, I was not able to reply during the required time as I only returned
from my meeting at 5.15pm.

We regret to have caused you any inconvenience but we hope you are able to
accede to our above request.

38 However, the defendant had already effected the set-off at about 5.30pm on
10 April 2003 as no contrary instructions were received by 4.30pm that day.
The defendant wrote to Wahjoe the next day explaining the sequence of events
and declining to reverse the set-off.

39 On 17 April 2003, Ariefin made a police report here. A photocopy of the
drawdown letter of 26 February 2002 said to be signed by Ariefin was sent to
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. The HSA opined that “there
is no evidence to show that the questioned signature of [Ariefin] as shown in
the photocopy “A” was made by [Ariefin]”. According to Wahjoe, Ariefin was a
very secretive man who always kept things very private to himself. He did not
know that Ariefin had been in communication with Aceasia. Ariefin left the
plaintiff in the middle of 2003 and Wahjoe did not know his whereabouts. Dedy
had also disappeared. From the defendant’s audio recording of telephone
conversations between Lim C C and Ariefin, or between Lim C C and Dedy and his
associates, Wahjoe believed that Lim C C was working actively with Dedy and
his associates to siphon off the plaintiff’s funds to Aceasia as Lim C C was
disclosing and discussing details of the plaintiff’s account in complete
breach of the duty of confidentiality. Wahjoe believed that the scam was
perpetrated by Dedy, who had no legitimate business anywhere, and Lim C C
through Ariefin and that the money could have been siphoned off to some
terrorist group.

40 In August 2003, Pertamina’s internal audit team carried out an
investigation into the roles played by Wahjoe and Ariefin in the matter of the
account and the loan. Wahjoe made statements to the effect that he, Ariefin,
Hassan, the plaintiff and Pertamina knew about the loan, the agreement between
the plaintiff and Aceasia and the fact that the deposit was subject to a
charge as early as June 2002. The internal audit team was of the opinion that
Wahjoe was directly or indirectly involved in a collaboration concerning the
plaintiff’s deposit with the defendant.

41 Although the plaintiff asked the defendant for the return of the undisputed
balance (US$890,413.91) in its account on 26 November 2003, without prejudice
to the issue of the set-off, the defendant only released the money on 16 July
2004. The final amount returned was US$899,120.36. After that, the account was
closed.

42 The thrust of the plaintiff’s case was that:

(a) the account with the defendant was not properly opened as the directors’
resolution of 17 January 2002 (see [6] above) authorised Wahjoe and Ariefin to
operate, not open, the account;

(b) Wahjoe and Ariefin did not have the authority to accept the loan on the
plaintiff’s behalf;

(c) the drawdown letter, the directors’ resolution which purported to ratify
the loan and the mail re-direction letter of 18 March 2002 were forgeries; and

(d) the loan was for an improper purpose and not for the benefit of the
plaintiff.

43 The directors’ resolution of 17 January 2002 authorised the opening of the
account with the defendant without specifying who was to do so. A reasonable
interpretation of this resolution must lead to the conclusion that the persons
imbued with the authority to operate the account were also meant to open it,
unless there were words specifying otherwise and clearly, there was none.
After all, the directors did not pursue the matter of the opening of the
account after having made the resolution, but left it entirely in the hands of
Wahjoe and Ariefin. Wahjoe admitted to the internal audit team that he
believed the resolution did authorise him to sign the account opening
documents and that the opening of the account with the defendant was in
accordance with the plaintiff’s normal practice. The plaintiff’s solicitors’
letters to the defendant in November 2003 made no mention that the opening of
the account was disputed and neither did the Statement of Claim. It was only
in the plaintiff’s affidavits of evidence in chief that Wahjoe’s and Ariefin’s
authority to open the account became a matter of contention.

44 The plaintiff produced account opening documents, resolutions and Company
Mandates in respect of all the accounts that PES and the plaintiff had with
other banks to show that in every single instance, the account opening forms
were signed by the directors or where they were signed by executive officers,
that was pursuant to an express resolution authorising them to sign the said
forms. However, if that was the particular interpretation that the plaintiff
had of its resolution in practice, that fact was not made known to the
defendant, with whom the plaintiff was dealing for the first time, and the
ordinary meaning of the language used in the resolution certainly did not lend
itself to this somewhat strained interpretation. It also begged the question
why Ariefin would go ahead and open the account with the defendant despite
knowing that the resolution was not meant to confer on him and Wahjoe such
authority. At any rate, there was never any issue raised about the opening of
the account until after these proceedings had started and the evidence showed
that the management of Pertamina was aware of the account when it instructed
that the deposit be transferred to BNI in June 2002. Between July and
September 2002, Hassan advised Wahjoe to check with the defendant whether the
Asset Management Agreement between the plaintiff and Aceasia would have any
implications on the plaintiff’s deposit, again showing that there was
knowledge of the account. In October 2002, Pertamina’s internal auditors also
made enquiries with the defendant about the account and they were given the
relevant information.

45 In its solicitors’ letter of demand in November 2003 and in its Statement
of Claim, the plaintiff accepted that credit facilities had been given by the
defendant but claimed that they were not utilised. It was only in the Reply
that the plaintiff appeared to dispute the existence of credit facilities. The
evidence showed that the plaintiff had knowledge of the drawdown in 2002 and
2003 and did not dispute the loan before the defendant effected the set-off.
Although the directors’ resolution of 18 February 2002 was rejected by the
defendant because Wahjoe and Ariefin were not the directors on record, it
showed that Wahjoe knew about the credit facilities being offered to the
plaintiff. As stated by him to the Pertamina internal audit team, Ariefin had
explained the said resolution to him briefly. The ratification resolution was
apparently signed by the directors and it purported to ratify and confirm the
credit facilities and the charge on deposit executed by Wahjoe and Ariefin.
The signatures on the ratification resolution were verified by the defendant
internally. The charge on deposit was sealed in accordance with the
plaintiff’s practice. This involved the signing of documents by the directors
in Jakarta and the forwarding of the documents to the plaintiff’s company
secretary in Hong Kong where the seal would be affixed. Ariefin had the
authority to instruct the company secretary to do this. The charge was
properly registered in Hong Kong and remains so registered. The charge was
entered in the plaintiff’s register of charges in Hong Kong and remained there
without dispute for more than a year. Section 83(2) of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance (Cap 32) provides that the Registrar of Companies’ certificate of
registration shall be conclusive evidence that all the requirements for
registration have been complied with. The defendant only allowed the drawdown
on the loan one day after due registration in Hong Kong.

46 The Company Mandate (see [11] above) was signed by Wahjoe and Ariefin as
one of the account opening documents. As stated above, the terms of the
resolution of 17 January 2002 were wide enough to confer authority on these
two officers to sign such a mandate which, on its face, would absolve the
defendant from liability even if subsequent documents were not genuine, save
for wilful or gross negligence on the part of the defendant. The defendant,
however, is not relying on this mandate to establish its defence.

47 The drawdown on the loan was effected on 5 March 2002. One week later, a
bank statement showing that the loan was booked as a utilisation of the credit
facilities was issued to the plaintiff. This statement was retained by the
defendant as instructed (see sub-para (d) at [10] above). Pursuant to this
order on the retention of correspondence, all correspondence retained by the
defendant was considered delivered to the plaintiff which assumed full
responsibility for the consequences and any damages that might result from
such retention. Thereafter, monthly statements were issued and sent to
Ariefin’s residential address as instructed by the mail re-direction letter of
18 March 2002. These statements showed that a loan of US$8m had been taken by
the plaintiff. The mail re-direction letter was a document that could be
signed by Ariefin in the operation of the plaintiff’s account. If it was also
forged, as alleged by the plaintiff, it was extremely strange that Ariefin
made no issue about the contents of the bank statements. It also defied belief
that Ariefin would subsequently feel pressurised into authorising a set-off if
there never was a loan in the first place.

48 Pursuant to cl 1.3(b) of the Account Opening Conditions, the plaintiff
agreed to examine all statements supplied by the defendant setting out
transactions on any of the accounts and agreed that:

… unless the [plaintiff] objects in writing to any of the matters contained in
such statement within 14 days of the date of such statement, the [plaintiff]
shall be deemed conclusively to have accepted all the matters contained in
such statement as true and accurate in all respects.

“Conclusive evidence” clauses such as this have been held to preclude bank
customers from denying the transactions listed in the statements duly sent to
them if they failed to register their objections within the specified period
(_Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Association_ [1992] 2 SLR 828; _Stephan Machinery Singapore Pte Ltd v
Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 191). The plaintiff
here is similarly precluded from denying the loan and the drawdown.

49 By June 2002, Wahjoe was at least aware that the plaintiff’s deposit was
somehow subject to a charge until 15 March 2003. He had several meetings with
Dedy about this matter subsequently. The existence of the Asset Management
Agreement was reported to and discussed with Hassan. As mentioned earlier,
Pertamina’s internal auditors were given documents, upon their request, by the
defendant in November 2002 which showed the US$8m loan. Pertamina’s internal
auditors’ report in December 2002 also evidenced knowledge that the
plaintiff’s deposit with the defendant was subject to a charge. It was
therefore clear that the parent company of the plaintiff knew about the loan
and the charge on the deposit and, by logical extension, since Bahar and
Hassan were very senior officials in Pertamina, so did the plaintiff. Despite
such knowledge, the plaintiff did not challenge the fact of the loan and the
drawdown. Even when the defendant informed Wahjoe about the impending set-off
on 10 April 2003, his late response (see [35] above) did not dispute the loan.

50 It was argued that although Wahjoe and Ariefin did not have the legal title
of directors, they were the _de facto_ directors of the plaintiff. It appeared
from the evidence that companies in Indonesia adopt a two-tier management
structure comprising a board of directors and a board of commissioners. The
former runs and represents the company and makes the management decisions
while the latter plays a supervisory and advisory role (Arts 1(4), 1(5), 82
and 97 of Indonesian Law No 1 of 1995 on Limited Liability Companies). The
defendant contended that as the plaintiff was registered in Hong Kong where
the concept of commissioners did not exist, the plaintiff’s commissioners
became directors in name while the senior executives performed the functions
of directors in fact. This was evident from the “Guidelines for the management
of subsidiary and joint venture companies of Pertamina” dated 10 October 2001,
sections 10 and 15 of which provided:

10(1) Senior Executives are an organ of the Company with responsibilities to
undertake the management of the Company … and to represent the Company in and
outside legal court;

(2) Senior Executives are responsible for the management of the Company
according to the Act No. 1 (1995) on Limited Liability Companies, all laws
applicable in place where the Company is registered and its Memorandum and
Articles of Association; …

15(1) Board of Directors are an organ of the Company with responsibilities to
undertake supervision and to advise the Senior Executives in the management of
the Company …

(2) Board of Directors undertake its duties and responsibilities according to
the Act No. 1 (1995) on Limited Liability Companies, all laws applicable in
place where the Company is registered and its Memorandum and Articles of
Association; …

51 The defendant said that this framework accorded with the reality in this
case. Wahjoe and Ariefin were based in Singapore out of which the plaintiff’s
operations were run while the directors in name were based in Jakarta. Both
Wahjoe and Ariefin had the authority to operate the plaintiff’s account as
single signatories. These two men were making all the decisions for the
plaintiff, including its finances and its dealings with banks and had
discussions with Bahar and Hassan on the plaintiff’s performance only every
now and then. The defendant submitted that it followed that Wahjoe and Ariefin
were _de facto_ directors and that both had actual authority to borrow and to
sign loan documents for the plaintiff. Alternatively, the defendant argued,
they had the apparent authority to do so by virtue of the plaintiff’s
representation, “through its conduct over a long period of time, that Wahjoe
and Ariefin had the authority to execute other directors’ functions as well”.

52 I do not accept the defendant’s contentions on this point. If the
defendant’s arguments are correct, a good number of chief executive officers
and chief financial officers would likewise be deemed _de facto_ directors by
virtue of their high-level responsibilities in the companies. As for apparent
authority, the only contact that the defendant had with the plaintiff before
the loan transaction was Ariefin himself. The evidence did not bear out the
defendant’s contention that there was such alleged representation by the
plaintiff, other than by Ariefin himself, and it certainly was not for a “long
period of time”.

53 Where the documentation was concerned, the defendant could not be accused
of negligence or recklessness simply because it did not comply meticulously
with all its internal guidelines and procedures in a particular case. A bank’s
internal guidelines and procedures are instituted for its own administrative
efficiency and protection, and compliance with such is not for an outsider to
enforce by way of allegations of negligence. Conversely, a bank which has
complied dutifully with all its internal guidelines and procedures is not
thereby insulated against a claim in negligence. One must still examine
whether what was done meets objective standards of care.

54 Lim C C might have stated that he had verified the photocopies of the
directors’ passports or witnessed signatures when he had not done so but that
was merely a breach of the defendant’s internal guidelines for which he could
perhaps face disciplinary action. There was no dispute that the photocopies
were indeed true copies of the passports in any event. The defendant was
informed that the loan request was an urgent one. The defendant did what was
necessary to protect its interests in the loan transaction by gathering the
relevant information through Lim C C, the plaintiff’s relationship manager. It
had no reason to suspect any irregularities in the documentation given by the
plaintiff, in particular, the ratification resolution. The defendant was not
put on notice that the company seal on the charge was not affixed with the
authority of the directors and was therefore entitled to rely on the formal
validity of the document (see _Northside Developments Pty Ltd v Registrar-
General_ (1990) 93 ALR 385). In practice, the plaintiff did not comply with
the requirement in its Memorandum and Articles of Association that the seal be
affixed in the presence of its directors because of the fact that the company
seal and the directors were in different countries. Although the sealing was
done in the defendant’s Hong Kong solicitors’ office, the company seal had
been brought there by the staff of the plaintiff’s Hong Kong office on the
instructions of Ariefin. The drawdown letter of 26 February 2002 was not on
the plaintiff’s letterhead but the plaintiff had only one account with the
defendant and Ariefin was expressly conferred the authority to sign documents
singly.

55 The plaintiff also alleged that the loan was not for a proper purpose and
that it did not benefit the plaintiff, thus making the loan irrecoverable by
the defendant. It has to be noted that there was nothing in the plaintiff’s
Memorandum and Articles of Association which limited the purposes for which a
loan could be taken out by the company. There was also no evidence to show
that the purported object of the loan transaction as represented by Ariefin
was improper. Ostensibly, the loan was to pay off a supplier in a business
that the plaintiff was engaged in and there appeared no good reason why the
defendant should have to inquire further into the matter. If it was for the
purpose of asset management by Aceasia, that would not necessarily make it an
improper purpose. Wahjoe’s surmise that the money could have gone to some
terrorist organisation remained just that – a surmise. In any event, even if
the loan was for an improper purpose, the evidence did not clearly implicate
Lim C C as being a knowing party to any alleged fraud.

56 Three documents (see sub-para (c) at [42] above) were alleged to be
forgeries by the plaintiff. In an interesting attempt to shift the burden of
proof of forgery, the plaintiff submitted that since it disputed the
authenticity of these documents, the defendant bore the burden of proving that
the signatures on these documents were not forgeries. The defendant rightly
pointed out that all it was required to do was to prove that the documents
were original and that it had done that for all three documents. The burden of
proving forgery still falls on the party alleging such and the standard of
proof required to establish forgery or fraud is higher than the ordinary civil
standard of proof on a balance of probabilities (_Yogambikai Nagarajah v
Indian Overseas Bank_ [1997] 1 SLR 258).

57 The plaintiff did not plead that the mail re-direction letter of 18 March
2002 signed by Ariefin was a forgery. The allegation of forgery was first
raised by Wahjoe in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief. By virtue of O 18 r 8
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), such an allegation must be
specifically pleaded. The plaintiff could not therefore be permitted to rely
on this allegation. It was also said that while Ariefin had the authority to
inform the defendant as to where the statements should be sent, the authority
was confined to electing the particular office address of the plaintiff since
the plaintiff had several offices and the authority did not extend to
directing that the statements be sent to his residential address. I fail to
see why there should be an implied limitation of this nature in Ariefin’s
authority. If the appointed operator of the account chose Pertamina’s office
address or any other address as the mailing address, the defendant would have
to comply. It was also argued that the mail re-direction letter was a fax sent
not from the plaintiff’s offices but from Dedy’s office as shown by the fax
details at the top of the letter and that it was signed off as “Mr Zainul
Ariefin” instead of the usual “Zainul Ariefin”. The plaintiff argued further
that the fact that there was no reference number on the said letter, which all
outgoing correspondence of the plaintiff had, pointed to the letter not being
a genuine one. In my view, there was nothing on the face of the letter that
ought to put the defendant on notice that there was something amiss about it.
The oddities pointed out by the plaintiff might have been obvious to someone
working in the plaintiff and with hindsight but where one chooses to fax
documents from and the addition of a common honorific to one’s name, are not
matters that call for attention. In any event, Ariefin should be cross-
examined on his assertion of forgery but he was not offered as a witness for
the plaintiff.

58 The handwriting experts called by the parties differed in their opinions
about the authenticity of Ariefin’s signature in the drawdown letter of 26
February 2002. I accepted that this letter was received by the defendant from
Ariefin himself. Ariefin also instructed the defendant to execute the set-off
in April 2003. By then, Ariefin knew that inquiries by Pertamina into the loan
and the charge on the deposit were well under way. It was much too convenient
for him to claim to Wahjoe that he had been pressurised to instruct the set-
off. What sort of pressure was exerted on him and by whom? There are many
things which only Ariefin could throw light on but we do not know the answers
because Ariefin was not called as a witness by the plaintiff which claimed to
have lost contact with him despite knowing that he was crucial to any legal
action against the defendant.

59 The experts of both parties were agreed that the signatures on the
ratification resolution were probably forged. However, there was nothing to
put the defendant on notice that this resolution was flawed in any way. The
first directors’ resolution dated 17 January 2002 for the opening and
operation of the account was also tendered by Ariefin. In any event, the
plaintiff was estopped from asserting forgery as it knew about the loan
subsequent to the drawdown but failed to notify the defendant in any way. It
would also be bound by cl 1.3(b) (the “conclusive evidence” clause) of the
Account Opening Conditions.

60 A bank customer owes a duty to his bank not to facilitate the commission of
forgery or fraud (_Khoo Tian Hock v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited_ [2000] 4 SLR 673). The plaintiff was negligent in not having a proper
system of checks over Ariefin, who, in the light of the evidence and his
failure to come forward to explain himself, must have betrayed the trust
reposed in him by the plaintiff, and it was he who caused the loss to the
plaintiff. As testified by Wahjoe, from the start, Ariefin was apparently in a
great hurry to transfer money to the plaintiff’s account with the defendant.
He was equally anxious to draw down on the loan. What connection did Ariefin
have with Dedy and Aceasia? Was he truly the ignorant pawn made use of by
others? Again, we do not have the answers because the plaintiff did not ensure
that Ariefin would be in court. Indeed, he was relieved of his duties in the
plaintiff on 11 April 2003, one day after the set-off was effected. On the
other hand, the defendant put forth Lim C C for cross-examination despite the
fact that he left the defendant in rather unhappy circumstances unrelated to
the facts of this case. Dedy, as acknowledged by Wahjoe, had also disappeared.
His evidence would be useful where the Asset Management Agreement was
concerned but it was not crucial for the defendant’s case which centred on
instructions from the plaintiff rather than Aceasia, even if Lim C C was also
in contact with Dedy who was also a customer of the defendant.

61 The set-off by the defendant was authorised by the Account Opening
Conditions (cl 17) and the charge (cl 2). In any event, it was effected
pursuant to the instructions given by Ariefin on behalf of the plaintiff and
the defendant took the additional precaution of informing Wahjoe about it.

62 It follows from the above that the set-off by the defendant was lawfully
effected and the plaintiff’s claim must fail. Accordingly, I dismissed the
plaintiff’s claim. Pursuant to the contractual documents between the parties,
the plaintiff was ordered to pay costs to the defendant on an indemnity basis.
I also granted a certificate for two counsel to the defendant on account of
the complexity of this case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

