Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## C & P Holdings Pte Ltd v Witco Industries Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 8

Case Number | : | Suit 292/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bevin Netto (Netto and Magin LLC) and Pang Xiang Zhong Peter (Peter Pang and Co) for the plaintiff; Mahmood Gaznavi (Mahmood Gaznavi and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  C & P Holdings Pte Ltd — Witco Industries Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Plaintiff failing to make payment – Whether defendant
failed to honour the contractual delivery and installation date  
  

20 January 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a claim by the plaintiff for breach of a written contract dated 16
August 2004. By that contract, the plaintiff commissioned the defendant to
design and build “ISO Tank Cleaning and Wastewater Treatment Facilities” and
have them delivered and installed at 46 Penjuru Lane by 30 November 2004.
These facilities were intended to be used to clean storage tanks of residue
chemical waste. The total contract sum was agreed at $584,850 (inclusive of
goods and services tax). There was no dispute as to this sum or the schedule
of payment agreed in the contract as follows:

(a) 35.9% down payment (approximately $200,000): $50,000 cash on delivery, and
$150,000 cheque (seven days post-dated) upon submission of shelter structure
drawing, technical data, catalogue and consumption data;

(b) 44.1% progressive claims upon delivery of equipment as per breakdown
prices of individual equipment;

(c) 10% progressive claim upon installation as per breakdown prices of
individual equipment;

(d) 5% upon commissioning of equipment; and

(e) 5% retention upon expiry of the defects liability period (one year from
the date of commissioning).

2 It was also not disputed that the initial down payment amounting to $200,000
had been paid. The defendant did not deliver and install the facilities by 30
November 2004 and claimed that although the defendant was willing and able to
do so the plaintiff did not wish to make the corresponding payment. Between 12
November and 23 December 2004, the parties appeared to have varied the
contract in order to get around the impasse – the plaintiff not paying and the
defendant not installing. It would be convenient to note at this point that
Kwek Chiew Aik (“Kwek”), the representative of the plaintiff’s project
manager, SMP Electrical Pte Ltd, was not able to work harmoniously with the
defendant’s representative, Richard Seow Kok Hwee (“Seow”). Part of the reason
seems to me to be the commercial envy that the plaintiff awarded the contract
to the defendant instead of to SMP Electrical Pte Ltd, which eventually took
over and completed the installation after the plaintiff terminated its
contract with the defendant. Kwek was not convinced that the defendant was
doing or able to do its job satisfactorily and his adverse reports made the
plaintiff lose confidence in the defendant and, consequently, reluctant to
make any more payment. The defendant maintained that it was able and willing
to complete the next stage of the job (delivery of the equipment at site) but
would not do so until the plaintiff indicated clearly that payment of
$257,918.85 under the contract would be made. On 12 November 2004, the
plaintiff was invited to inspect the equipment then lying in the Defendant’s
warehouse at 37 Penjuru Lane. The defendant then raised the invoice for the
full amount due at that stage ($257,918.85). However, Kwek told Seow that the
plaintiff would only make a payment of $100,000. The two men then agreed that
the defendant would deliver part of the equipment in exchange for part payment
($100,000 instead of the full 44.1% of the contract sum). They agreed to make
the exchange on 24 November 2004. The outstanding equipment that was not
delivered consisted of a set of boilers, two sets of heat exchangers, two sets
of cleaning nozzles, and 11 sets of air compressors complete with receiver
tanks.

3 The defendant delivered as agreed on 24 November 2004, and Seow asked Kwek
when the rest of the equipment could be delivered and payment (rounded off to
$150,000) made, emphasising that the rest of the equipment was necessary to
complete the work on the project. According to Seow, on 9 December 2004, he
agreed with Kwek for delivery of the rest of the equipment to be made on 17
December 2004. He wrote a letter[note: 1] on the same day to the plaintiff
setting out the situation and the agreement with Kwek. The date of 17 December
2004 was not mentioned in the letter but the rest of the letter supported
Seow’s testimony. According to Seow’s testimony, which I accept as more
probable, he arrived at the plaintiff’s premises on 17 December 2004 with the
equipment but left without unloading because the plaintiff did not give him
the cheque he wanted. On the next day, Kwek and Seow wrote letters to the
defendant and plaintiff respectively, accusing the other of breach. Prior to
this date, the plaintiff had not expressed any fear that the defendant would
be unable to complete its part of the contract. I would not place much weight
on the oral testimony of Kwek on this score. Reverting to the event, it was
subsequently agreed that the exchange should resume and take place on 21
December 2004. The defendant delivered the remaining equipment on 21 December
2004 and was given a cheque dated 9 December 2004 for $150,000. The defendant
unloaded its equipment and proceeded to bank the plaintiff’s cheque. On 22
December 2004, the defendant was notified by its bank that the plaintiff’s
cheque was dishonoured because it lacked one of two requisite signatories.

4 The plaintiff’s explanation for giving an incomplete and unbankable cheque
was that it did not trust the defendant and therefore gave, deliberately as it
were, a cheque that could not be cashed. Jeremy Fong, the plaintiff’s sales
executive testified that he had told Seow not to cash the cheque until the
equipment had been inspected and accepted by the plaintiff. He said that Seow
agreed to this direction. Seow denied this and I believe that his version was
probably closer to the truth. Jeremy Fong further explained that had the
plaintiff found the equipment in good order it would have made a telephone
call to its bank to clear the cheque. This seems to me too fanciful a
procedure. If the parties had agreed to payment only after the plaintiff had
inspected and approved the equipment, there would have been no need to hand
over the cheque much as Seow might have demanded for it as the plaintiff’s
witnesses claimed.

5 Seow then demanded to know why the cheque was dishonoured and a meeting was
set up on 23 December 2004. He was surprised to be handed a letter of that
date terminating the contract. The short letter from the plaintiff read as
follows:

With no response from you and your failure to comply with your contract
obligation – we hereby terminate our above contract.

You are to remove all personnel from site any further access to the site by
your sub-contractor is consider[ed] trespassing and appropriate measure will
be taken.

You are warned against any attempt to remove any material from site.

For your immediate compliance.

The letter was signed by Kwek. The plaintiff also averred that on 21 December
2004, the defendant, contrary to agreement, did not unload or unpack any of
the equipment for inspection. Whatever little evidence of what occurred at the
site that day came from Seow, whose photographs show some heavy equipment
being unloaded. Furthermore, the plaintiff’s witness, Andrew Ann, acknowledged
receipt of the delivery of the equipment under delivery order 9120. The
plaintiff, whose burden it was to show that nothing was delivered nor was any
inspection carried out, failed to persuade me of their allegations. I am thus
inclined to accept that the defendant’s evidence is more reliable. Given the
events that took place between 9 December 2004 and 23 December 2004, there was
no basis for the plaintiff to say that the defendant failed to honour the
contractual delivery and installation date of 30 November 2004. If I needed to
make a finding as to the events on 24 November 2004, I would be inclined to
hold that it was the plaintiff who did not comply with the contract on that
date. I find that many of the letters written by Kwek were self-serving and
contrary to the more incontrovertible evidence that the plaintiff was obliged
to make payment on the dates that the defendant delivered the equipment. The
assertions that there were missing equipment and poor quality equipment were
not supported by any evidence that I can comfortably rely on. Since Kwek and
his own company were in a sort of conflicted situation, they having competed
(and lost) in the bid for the project, and subsequently took over and
completed the unfinished work after the plaintiff terminated the contract with
the defendant (relying extensively on the advice of Kwek that the equipment
was not up to standard and was incomplete, and that the defendant was unlikely
to complete the contract on time), I expected some independent corroboration.
But there was none. There was no evidence showing that the plaintiff had to
repurchase new component parts or that the equipment supplied was of poor
quality or badly constructed. On the whole, I am of the view that Seow gave a
more accurate and correct account of what transpired.

6 I find, therefore, that it was the plaintiff, and not the defendant, that
was in breach of contract. The plaintiff’s claim is therefore dismissed. I
will allow the defendant’s counterclaim in so far as the balance due under the
contract amounting to $250,000 be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant. This
amount is derived after deducting $34,850 for the resources that were left to
idle by reason of the plaintiff’s breach. The plaintiff had no alternative
evidence or submission as to why this sum was unreasonable. The sum of $34,850
is, in my view, a fair figure given the circumstances. Costs are to follow the
event and be taxed, if not agreed, and paid by the plaintiff to the defendant.

  

* * *

[note: 1]AB 130.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

