Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd v Britestone Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 186

Case Number | : | Suit 108/2005, NA 45/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Dorcas Quek AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andy Leck and Terence Tay (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiff; Sham Chee Kiat (Ramdas & Wong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd — Britestone Pte Ltd   
  
13 October 2006

AR Dorcas Quek:

**The facts**

1 The plaintiff (“P”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is the Asian
headquarters of N.F. Smith & Associates, LP, which is a distributor of
electronic components, semiconductors and computer products. The defendant
(“D”) is a company incorporated in Singapore. The D also trades in electronic
components by sourcing for goods from traders, distributors as well as
manufacturers, and supplying them to its customers. On or about 11 August
2003, the P purchased 52,000 units of capacitors of the “AVX” brand and part
number “TPSC336K016R0300” from the D at the price of US$9,776. After receiving
the goods, the P re-sold the capacitors to its customer, Celestica Thailand
Ltd (“CTH”), which is a subsidiary of Celestica Inc. CTH in turn installed
these capacitors on printed circuit boards and sent them to its customer – EMC
Corporation (“EMC”) at Cork in Ireland and Franklin in the United States of
America.

2 According to the P, the capacitors were discovered to be counterfeit
capacitors in September 2003. Thereafter, Kimberly Aube, the Global Program
Manager of Celestica International Inc (another subsidiary of Celestica Inc),
supervised the “purging” of the capacitors. The “purging” process involved
replacing the unused capacitors at CTH’s premises, replacing the capacitors
installed on printed circuit boards that were still in CTH’s goods warehouse
pending delivery to EMC and replacing the capacitors installed on printed
circuit boards that had already been delivered to EMC at Cork and Franklin.

3 Based on the P’s evidence, EMC’s cost for purging the goods in Cork and
Franklin amounted to US$444,680. A document entitled “EMC Global Summary –
Purge Costing”, which was exhibited to Kimberly Aube’s affidavit of evidence-
in-chief set out the details of the total costs incurred. EMC claimed its
costs of US$444,680 from CTH and CTH then claimed this sum against the P.
After several rounds of negotiations between the P and CTH, an agreement was
entered on 1 July 2004 for the P to pay US$300,000 as full and final
settlement of any claims CTH would have against it. In 2005, the P commenced
these current proceedings against the D, alleging that the latter breached an
implied condition of the agreement that the capacitors would conform with the
description of the “AVX” brand and the particular part number. The P claimed
for US$302,183 as damages, comprising US$2,184 for loss of profits and
US$300,000 for compensation paid to CTH, or alternatively, for damages to be
assessed. On 20 March 2006, the parties entered a consent judgment before VK
Rajah J for the issue of liability to be resolved in the P’s favour and
damages to be assessed by the Registrar.

4 In the assessment of damages heard before me, the P maintained its claim for
the sum of US$302,183. The P called four witnesses – Matthew Henry Hartzell
(Vice President and General Counsel of N.F. Smith & Associates, LP), John
Bernhardt Prymmer III (managing director of the P), Ng Lup Wai (Senior Manager
of Celestica Electronics (S) Pte Ltd) and Kimberly Aube. The D called two
witnesses – Park Hee Woong (Managing Director of the D) and Tan Mee Yee (Sales
Manager of the D).

**The law on damages for breach of contract of sale of goods**

**_Right to claim damages for breach of condition_**

5 The parties had agreed that an implied condition that the goods conform to
their description had been breached. As rightly submitted by the plaintiff’s
counsel (“PC”), the buyer, under s 53 of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 199
Rev Ed) (“the Act”), may treat a breach of condition as a breach of warranty
entitling him to claim for damages. That section provides:

**Remedy for breach of warranty**

**53.** —(1) Where there is a breach of warranty by the seller, or where the
buyer elects (or is compelled) to treat any breach of a condition on the part
of the seller as a breach of warranty, the buyer is not by reason only of such
breach of warranty entitled to reject the goods; but he may —

(a) set up against the seller the breach of warranty in diminution or
extinction of the price; or

(b) maintain an action against the seller for damages for the breach of
warranty.

**_Remoteness of damages_**

6 The general principles in contract law are applicable in determining the
appropriate quantum of damages. Damages awarded have to put the P in a
position he would have been if the contract had been fulfilled. In this
regard, the P has to show that: (a) the damages claimed were _caused_ by the
D’s breach; and that (b) the damages are _not too remote_ : _Popular
Industries Ltd v Eastern Garment Manufacturing Sdn Bhd_ [1989] 3 MLJ 360.

7 In respect of remoteness of damages, it is trite law that only damages which
may _reasonably be supposed to have been in the contemplation_ of both parties
may be recovered: _Hadley v Baxendale_ [1854] 9 Ex 341. Two well-known
principles have been derived from this general rule. First, any damage which
will result from the ordinary course of things is recoverable. This principle
is encapsulated in s 53(2) of the Act, which states:

(2) The measure of damages for breach of warranty is the estimated loss
directly and naturally resulting, in the ordinary course of events, from the
breach of warranty.

8 The second principle is that the defendant is taken to have contemplated
abnormal damage arising out of special circumstances outside the ordinary
course of things, if he had actual knowledge of the special circumstances.
Such damages are known as “special damages” under s 54 of the Act: _Bence
Graphics International Ltd v Fasson UK Ltd_ [1988] QB 87 _._

**_Measure of damages_**

_(a) The prima facie measure_

9 Under s 53(2) of the Act, the _prima facie_ measure of damages resulting in
the ordinary course of things is the diminution in value of the goods, i.e.
“the difference between the value of the goods at the time of delivery to the
buyer and the value they would have had if they had fulfilled the warranty”.
However, this _prima facie_ measure may be departed from in appropriate
circumstances: _Bence Graphics International Ltd v Fasson UK Ltd_.

_(b) Loss of profits under a sub-sale_

10 One departure from the _prima facie_ measure is to award loss of profits
under a sub-sale, if it is within the reasonable contemplation of the parties
that the breach was likely to have caused the buyer to lose the profit he
hoped for under the sub-sale: _Richard Holden Ltd v Bostock & Co Ltd_ [1902]
17 TLR 317. P.S. Atiyah, in _The Sale of Goods_ (Tenth Edition, 2001) has
observed at 553 that sub-sales are normally ignored in claims under s 53(3) of
the Act (the first limb of _Hadley_), and that these are normally treated as
special damages under the second limb of _Hadley_ requiring proof of special
knowledge of the probability of resale.

11 This view is also reflected in _Chitty on Contracts_ (29th Edition, 2004)
at [43-451]:

Where the _seller knew that the buyer intended to resell the goods_ , and
_ought reasonably to have contemplated that the breach of his contractual
undertaking as to the description or condition of the goods would not be
unlikely to cause the buyer to lose the profit he hoped to make under the sub-
sale_ , the buyer may recover damages in respect of such a loss of profits
caused by a breach of the seller’s undertaking.

[emphasis added]

_(c) Damages paid by buyer to sub-buyer_

12 The same analysis applies to recovery of compensation or damages paid to a
sub-buyer; it still has to be shown that the sub-sale was within reasonable
contemplation of the seller. In addition, it has to be established that it was
not improbable that damages would be payable by the buyer to the sub-buyer.
_Chitty on Contracts_ at [43-459] sums up the requirements that are distilled
from the relevant case law:

…it was _within reasonable contemplation of the parties_ , at the time of
making the contract, that: (a _) the buyer would, probably would, resell the
goods to a sub-buyer;_ and (b) that the contract of sub-sale would, or
probably would, contain the same or a similar contractual undertaking as to
the description or condition of the goods; and (c) that it was _not unlikely
that a breach of the seller’s undertaking would cause the buyer to be in
breach of his undertaking to the sub-buyer who would claim damages_ from the
buyer for the loss or damage he suffered.

If loss or injury occurs in these circumstances, _the buyer who has paid
damage and costs to his sub-buyer for breach of the undertaking in the sub-
sale may recover this amount from the seller_ , together with his own costs in
reasonably defending the sub-buyer’s claim, as damages for the seller’s breach
of the original contract.

[emphasis added]

_(d) Settlement of claim by sub-buyer against buyer_

13 In most circumstances, it will be within the parties’ reasonable
contemplation that the buyer will face potential suits by his sub-buyer, but
is it also within the parties’ contemplation that the buyer will _settle_ the
dispute with the sub-buyer? This is the pertinent issue to be resolved in the
present case. PC, in this respect, relies on _Biggin & Co Ltd v Permanite Ltd
& Ors_ [1951] 2 KB 314 to submit that a reasonable settlement should be
recoverable as damages payable by the seller to the buyer. PC also quotes
Atiyah’s summary of the _Biggin_ case (at 114) as follows:

And _if the buyer reasonably settles a claim made against him by the sub-
buyer, the amount paid under such a settlement is prima facie the measure of
damages recoverable from the seller, and is in any event the upper limit_. But
it is open to the seller to contest the amount and to show that the sum paid
was excessive, for he is of course not bound by the settlement to which he was
not party. Moreover, the buyer still has to show that there was breach of
contract by the seller; the settlement is only admissible to show that prima
facie level of damages once liability is proved or established.

[emphasis added]

14 The decision in _Biggin_ has been adopted by the Singapore Court of Appeal
in _Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd v Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 1.
However, Defendant’s Counsel (“DC”) casts doubt on the correctness of the
decision in _Biggin_ by quoting from the Australian cases of _Unity Insurance
Brokers Pty Limited v Rocco Pezzano Pty Limited_ [1998] 193 CLR 603 and _White
Industries QLD Pty Ltd v Hennessey Glass & Aluminium Systems Pty Ltd_ [1999] 1
QdR 210 _,_ where the courts questioned the reasoning of the Court of Appeal
in _Biggin._

15 While I am bound by the Singapore Court of Appeal’s decision to follow
_Biggin_ in _Brown Noel Trading,_ I also find that there are sound reasons to
adopt the decision in _Biggin_. I shall summarise the relevant cases before
setting out my reasons for this conclusion.

16 In _Biggin_ , the plaintiffs were requested by the Dutch government to
supply bituminous adhesive for use with roofing. The goods were ordered from a
third party and turned out to be of unsatisfactory quality. The Dutch
government was sued by its contractors and the Dutch government thus commenced
legal proceedings against the plaintiffs. It eventually agreed to submit to
arbitration in England. On the first day of arbitration, the Dutch government
and the P reached a settlement agreement in which the P agreed to pay 43,000
pounds. The P claimed this sum from the defendants, together with their own
costs of arbitration and costs of the Dutch government.

17 The trial judge, Devlin J, disallowed the claim for the settlement sum.
Devlin J did not dispute that the defendant ought to have foreseen a claim by
the Dutch government, but held that the compromise reached between the P and
the Dutch government was not a foreseeable consequence.

18 On appeal, the Court of Appeal reversed this part of Devlin J’s decision.
Somervell LJ held, at 321:

I think that the [trial] judge here was wrong in regarding the settlement as
wholly irrelevant. _I think, though it is not conclusive, that the fact that
it is admittedly an upper limit would lead to the conclusion that,_ _if
reasonable, it should be taken as the measure_. The result of the judge’s
conclusion is that the plaintiff must prove their damages strictly to an
extent to show that they equal or exceed 43,000 pounds; and that is that
involves, as it would here, a very complicated and expensive inquiry, still
that has to be done. _The law, in my opinion, encourages reasonable
settlements, particularly where, as here, strict proof would be a very
expensive matter_. The question, in my opinion, is: what evidence is necessary
to establish reasonableness? I think it _relevant to prove that the settlement
was made under advice legally taken_...

[emphasis added]

19 The facts in _Biggin_ are very similar to _Brown Noel Trading,_ save that
the latter case involved non-delivery of goods. __ The appellant had
contracted to purchase goods from the respondents so as to sell it to a third
party. The respondents failed to deliver these goods, and the third party
commenced an action against the appellants for breach of contract. The
appellants subsequently settled the third party claim at US$150,000. This
claim was disallowed by the trial judge. The Court of Appeal, having found
that the respondents knew that the appellants had bought the goods for the
purpose of re-sale, and that it was within their contemplation that if they
had failed to deliver the goods contracted for, the appellants would lose
their profit on re-sale and also be liable to the sub-purchaser in damages,
applied the above holding in _Biggin._ It concluded that the appellants were
advised by their solicitors in reaching the settlement and the settlement
arrived at was therefore reasonable. The amount the appellants paid its sub-
purchaser was allowed.

20 The Australian High Court in _Unity Insurance_ was dissatisfied with the
reasoning in _Biggin,_ because the reference to public policy suggested that
the Court of Appeal did not consider the case in terms of causation or
remoteness. The Australian court could not accept the English court’s
assumption that every reasonable settlement resulting from a breach by the
defendant must be regarded as within the defendant’s contemplation. In its
opinion, “it does not follow that that the fact that it was reasonable for the
plaintiff to compromise the claim against the third party necessarily means
that the settlement was within the reasonable contemplation of the defendant”.
Similarly, the Australian Court of Appeal in _White Industries_ opined at 218
that it was not clear to what extent the English Court in _Biggin_ “intended
to qualify the basic proposition that the amount of a reasonable settlement
was recoverable”; “a settlement which was reasonable…may later be proved to
have been quite unnecessary”. __

_The decision in _Biggin_ is justifiable_

21 The decision in _Biggin_ may be rationalised in terms of causation and
remoteness principles. First, a compromise between the sub-purchaser and
purchaser does not offend the remoteness principle. Once sub-sales by the
purchaser are within the parties’ contemplation, it will, in normal
circumstances, also be contemplated that any breach in contract would cause
the purchaser to be in breach of its contract with the sub-purchaser and that
the sub-purchaser will then claim for damages. As such, the Court of Appeal in
_Biggin_ accepted that damages had to be “assessed on the basis of liability
to the Dutch government” (at 317). It is not unreasonable to further reason
that _it will also be within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the
purchaser may settle the claim advanced by the sub-purchaser._ Such a
conclusion is not erroneous since it is a well-recognised fact that the costs
of litigation will escalate as litigation continues. Any supplier of goods
would surely recognise that there is a high likelihood of the sub-purchaser’s
claim being compromised. As Singleton LJ put it, at 322:

Parties have been held to contemplate litigation in the sort of circumstances
which have arisen here. It would, I think, be unfortunate if they were not
also held to contemplate reasonable settlements in the type of circumstances
which have arisen here.

22 Second, the decision does not ignore causation principles. While the
English Court of Appeal reasoned primarily on the public policy front (stating
that the law encourages reasonable settlements), it did not disregard the
principle that the damages must be caused by the defendant’s breach of
contract. Singleton LJ noted at two junctures of his judgment that the
settlement agreement must ultimately be reflective of the judgment sum that
would have been awarded if the matter had proceeded to trial. He stated, at
325 and 326:

If, upon the evidence, the judge is satisfied that the _damages would be
somewhere around the figure at which the plaintiffs had settled_ , he would be
justified in awarding the settlement figure.

…

The question is not whether the plaintiffs acted reasonably in settling the
claim, but whether the settlement was a reasonable one; and in considering it,
the court is entitled to bear in mind the fact that costs would grow every day
the litigation continued. That is one reason for saying that _it is sufficient
for the purpose of the plaintiffs if they satisfy the judge that somewhere
around the figure of settlement would have been awarded as damages._

[emphasis added]

23 Clearly, the above holdings imply that the Court of Appeal had assumed that
there was no break in the chain of causation between the breach and the
settlement. There would be no causal link in the event that the settlement sum
deviated from the sum the court would have awarded at trial. The independent
acts of the parties in settling the dispute would have disrupted the nexus
between the breach and the settlement sum.

24 However, the settlement sum cannot be properly attributable to or caused by
the supplier’s breach if it were an “ _unreasonable_ settlement”. In such
situations, in Singleton LJ’s words, somewhere around the figure of settlement
would (_not_) have been awarded as damages. It is not wrong to conclude that a
_reasonable_ settlement which is reached under legal advice will probably be
an accurate quantification of the actual sum the court would have awarded as
damages. Otherwise, the chain of causation would have been broken by the
buyer’s act of negotiating an unreasonable settlement that was a far cry from
the likely sum of damages that would be awarded by the court. As such, the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Biggin_ is justifiable on legal
principles _._

25 Nevertheless, the general principle that a supplier would contemplate that
the buyer concludes a reasonable settlement with his sub-purchaser may not be
a perennially applicable principle in all cases. The purchaser, for various
reasons and acting under proper legal advice, may well settle a claim which is
well above or below what it ought to have paid under the law. Despite such a
possibility, the English Court of Appeal in _Biggin_ probably adopted a
pragmatic approach, holding that strict proof of the damages that would be
awarded would be an expensive and complicated process, and hence, that proof
of a reasonable settlement concluded under legal advice would suffice. It
bears mentioning that the _Biggin_ case involved a claim by a foreign
government against an English company, and hard cases like this often result
in “bad law”. That said, I am of the view that the general principle in
_Biggin_ should apply in most situations, unless there is evidence led by the
defendant to show that the damages awarded would not have been close to the
settlement sum.

**_String contracts_**

26 At this juncture, I should also set out the legal principles underpinning
compensation paid to sub-buyers in a series of “string contracts” as they are
relevant to the present facts. _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (Sixth Edition,
2002) at [17-080] stated the principles as follows:

…situation where the seller was in breach of his contractual undertaking as to
the description or condition of the goods, and it was within the reasonable
contemplation of the parties, at the time of making the contract, that

(a) the buyer intended to resell, or probably would, and that his sub-buyer
would resell, and so on, so that there would be a series of sub-sales or
“string contracts” of the same goods; and

(b) _that each contract in the series would, or probably would, contain the
same or a similar, contractual undertaking as to description or condition of
the goods_ ; and

(c) that it was not unlikely that a breach of the seller’s undertaking would
cause the buyer and each sub-buyer in the series to be in breach of his
undertaking to his own buyer; and

(d) that it was not unlikely that, in the case of such a breach, the ultimate
buyers would recover damages from their sellers, so that liability would in
turn be passed up the chain of sellers and buyers.

In these circumstances, the buyer who has paid to his sub-buyer damages and
costs for breach of the undertaking in the first contract of sub-sale (which
the sub-buyer claimed from the buyer, as the result of similar payments of
compensation between successive sub-buyers down the chain) may recover the
amount paid by him to the sub-buyer, together with his own costs in reasonably
defending the sub-buyer’s claim against him; _the damages and costs paid or
incurred by the buyer are taken as the measure of damages for the seller’s
breach of the original contract._

[emphasis added]

27 The crucial requirement to be satisfied is requirement (b) – that each
contract in the string of contracts contained similar undertakings. This
requirement was also highlighted in _Chitty on Contracts_ (above at [12]) in
respect of a buyer claiming for compensation paid to the sub-buyer. This
limitation ultimately arises from the need to _establish the_ _chain of
causation between the breach and the losses suffered by the final sub-
purchaser_. As Devlin J, the trial judge in _Biggin,_ held at 433 to 434 (and
this point was not overruled by the Court of Appeal),

If the variation to a description is such that it is impossible to say whether
the injury that ultimately results would have flowed from the breach of the
original warranty, the parties must as reasonable men be presumed to have put
the liability for the injury outside their contemplation as a measure of
compensation.

28 Similarly, Auld LJ in _Bence Graphics Ltd v Fasson Ltd_ approved the above
holding by Devlin J, and reasoned as follows:

…the point is essentially one of causation, namely whether there is sufficient
similarity between the sale contract and the subsequent contract(s) to enable
a finding that breach by the seller of the sale contract has in fact caused
the breach of the subsequent contract(s).

29 In this regard, the English courts have astutely observed that the
limitation is not a rigid one. _Only material variations may break the chain
of causation._ The ultimate issue is whether the variation would have cast a
doubt on the initial seller’s liability for the damage caused. Auld LJ in
_Bence_ aptly put it in this manner,

The matter was considered by Devlin J in _Biggin & Co Ltd v Permanite Ltd_
[1951] 1 KB 422. He said, at p. 433, that he agreed with the reasoning that
lay behind the view, namely that material variations in contracts down the
line could lead to contractual claims for damages not contemplated by the
original seller. _However, he clearly regarded the matter as one of fact for
determination in each case, not as a rigid principle of law that all contracts
in the chain must be in the same terms._ He said, at pp.433-434:

I respectfully adopt this principle, but I have still to determine how it
should be applied in this case, and also _what degree of variation in
descriptions breaks the chain_ ….To understand the application of the
principle it is necessary to understand its basis. Like every principle in
this branch of law, it stems from the broad rule that the damage is to be
measure by those consequences of the breach which the parties as reasonable
men would, if they had thought about it, have foreseen and accepted as natural
and probable. If the variation to a description is such that it impossible to
say whether the injury that ultimately results would have flowed from the
breach of the original warranty, the parties must as reasonable men be
presumed to have put the liability for the injury outside their contemplation
as a measure of compensation. If this is, as I believe the nature of the
principle, it must be applied very differently according to whether the injury
for which the defendant is being asked to pay is a market loss or physical
damage. In the former case…any variation that is more than a matter of words
is likely to be fatal, because there is no way of telling its effect on the
market value. In the latter case the nature of the physical damage will show
whether the variation was material or not.

[emphasis added]

30 _McGregor on Damages_ (17th Edition, 2003) observed at [20-087] that the
above limitation also applies when the chain of contracts involves not only
differences in warranties but also differences in goods. However, again the
courts have been pragmatic in such situations. In the case of _Bence
Graphics,_ although the purchasers of vinyl film used the film to manufacture
decals which were then sold to its customers, the court did not decide that
the change in the type of goods sold had broken the chain of causation. Auld
LJ agreed that “a substantial change to the goods sold as a result of the
buyer subjecting them to a manufacturing process may break the chain of
causation between the breach of the contract sued upon and any claim arising
under a subsequent contract”, yet decided on the facts that this was unlikely
since a five-year film life was warranted by the buyer and all the other sub-
purchasers along the chain of contracts. I concur with this pragmatic approach
and will apply it to the present facts.

**Issues**

31 Based on the above legal principles, there are principally two issues to be
determined:

(a) Claim for loss of profits:

i. Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the goods
would be re-sold by the P;

ii. Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the P
would suffer loss of profits if the goods were counterfeit.

(b) P’s claim for compensation paid to CTH:

i. Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the goods
would be installed on printed circuit boards;

ii. Whether each contract in the series of contracts contained the same or a
similar, contractual undertaking as to description of the goods; and

iii. Whether the settlement sum reached between the P and CTH was reasonable

**_Issue (a): Claim for loss of profits:_**

_(i) Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the
goods would be re-sold by the P_

32 The P’s first claim is for loss of profits amounting to US$2,184. According
to the testimony of Matthew Henry Hartzell and John Bernhardt Prymmer III, the
P bought the goods at US$9,776 and resold them to CTH at the price of
US$11,960. This would have yielded the quantum of profits which the P now
claims. The relevant invoices and purchase orders were adduced by these
witnesses to substantiate these figures.

33 DC does not seem to dispute this evidence, but has submitted that the P did
not tell the D that the goods were required for re-sale to its customers for
the manufacture of printed circuit boards. DC also conceded that the D’s
witness, Tan Mee Yee, knew that the P might require the goods for sub-sale. In
fact, the DC has concluded in his closing submissions that the P, at best, may
be entitled to recover loss of profits.

34 The D’s contention that it was aware that the goods would be assembled on
PCBs is irrelevant. As stated above in [10] and [11], if sub-sales may be
shown to be within the parties’ reasonable contemplation, the purchaser’s loss
of profits from the sub-sale may be claimed. Although sub-sales are not
normally within the parties’ contemplation in the ordinary course of events,
Tan Mee Yee clearly possessed knowledge of the sub-sale, having testified in
court that the P was a trader who could sell the goods to another company.
Furthermore, the P adduced evidence showing that N.F. Smith Group is a
distributor of electronic components to manufacturers, and has been purchasing
from and selling electronic commodities to the D for re-sale for more than 10
years. This evidence has not been refuted in any way by the D. Given the long-
standing relationship between the parties, the D must have known the nature of
the P’s business and that the P frequently ordered goods for the purpose of
re-sale to its customers.

_(ii) Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the P
would suffer loss of profits if the goods were counterfeit._

35 The D, having known that the P distributes electronic commodities to other
companies, ought reasonably to have contemplated that any breach of the
implied term of description of the goods was likely to cause the P to lose the
profits it hoped to make under the sub-sale. This is common knowledge in
business. I therefore allow the P’s claim of US$2,184.

**_Issue (b): P’s claim for compensation paid to CTH_**

_(i) Whether it was within the parties’ reasonable contemplation that the
goods would be installed on printed circuit boards._

36 The parties’ real bone of contention concerns the P’s claim for
compensation paid to CTH. The P has to prove that sub-sales by the P are
within reasonable contemplation. I have made a positive finding above in this
respect. In addition, it should be common knowledge to all businessmen,
especially the D and P companies which are involved in re-sale transactions,
that any breach of the contract between them will have repercussions on the
subsequent purchasers’ liability to their customers, who will probably
commence action to claim for their damages. There is thus no question that
requirements (a), (c) and (d) of the passage below from _Benjamin’s Sale of
Goods_ have been fulfilled. Requirement (b) will be dealt with in the next
issue.

…situation where the seller was in breach of his contractual undertaking as to
the description or condition of the goods, and it was within the reasonable
contemplation of the parties, at the time of making the contract,

(a) the buyer intended to resell, or probably would, and that his sub-buyer
would resell, and so on, so that there would be a series of sub-sales or
“string contracts” of the same goods; and

(b) that each contract in the series would, or probably would, contain the
same or a similar, contractual undertaking as to description or condition of
the goods; and

(c) that it was not unlikely that a breach of the seller’s undertaking would
cause the buyer and each sub-buyer in the series to be in breach of his
undertaking to his own buyer; and

(d) that it was not unlikely that, in the case of such a breach, the ultimate
buyers would recover damages from their sellers, so that liability would in
turn be passed up the chain of sellers and buyers.

37 Kimberly Aube testified that CTH builds printed circuit boards (“PCBs”) for
its customer, EMC, which “go in to their high end enterprise storage system(s)
that are their top-tier line for their array of enterprise storage”. D has
raised the objection that it was not aware that the capacitors would be used
on PCBs and used for the urgent manufacture of high-end storage systems of
CTH’s customers. It therefore denies liability for the damages which include
costs of rectification action required to replace the capacitors that had been
installed on the PCBs.

38 Tan Mee Yee’s evidence is not entirely clear in indicating that she was not
aware of the use of capacitors. I believe that she could have misunderstood
the question posed to her on whether she knew that capacitors would be
installed on PCBs. She answered as follows:

I don’t agree, because Smith [sic] also trading as a trader. They can sell to
another company instead of the customer who assembles on board.

During re-examination, she repeated this idea:

Because I also have no technical background, I will have no idea that
capacitor [sic] is to be used for assembly in PCB. For trading, we don’t
really need to know what our customers selling to, whether for assembly or re-
sell to the other party.

39 Tan Mee Yee seemed to be suggesting that the goods could have been sold to
another customer, who would have resold to another customer instead of
installed the capacitors on PCBs. Nonetheless, that answer implicitly
acknowledged that capacitors would ultimately be used on PCBs. The D is not
required under law to envisage that a specific sub-purchaser, the P’s
customer, would be the party who installs the capacitors on the PCBs. It is
sufficient if the use of capacitors on PCBs, regardless of which party would
install them, was reasonably contemplated. Tan’s evidence reflects such
awareness. As held by Devlin J in _Biggin_ at 432 _,_ it does not matter how
many links there are in the chain of contracts, provided that “what happened
at the end (of the chain) was within the contemplation of the parties”.

40 Furthermore, while Tan Mee Yee disavowed knowledge of the use of the
capacitors in PCBs, John Prymmer stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
that there was no other conceivable use of the capacitors other than for
installation on PCBs. During cross-examination, he elaborated on this, stating
that capacitors are used to control flow of electricity on the boards and “on
their own…they do nothing”. Given that there was no evidence to contradict
this evidence, and that it is common knowledge to any layperson that a
capacitor has no intrinsic value on its own, I find it disingenuous for the D
to maintain that it did not know that capacitors would finally be installed on
PCBs. It is surely within the D’s contemplation that the capacitors may be
sold from customer to customer, and ultimately be used in relation to a PCB or
some other related use. In this regard, I should mention that it is well-
established law that the contract-breaker need not contemplate the precise
manner of the damage occurring. It is sufficient if he should have
contemplated that damage _of that kind_ is not unlikely: _Christopher Hill Ltd
v Ashington Piggeries Ltd_ [1969] 3 All ER 1496 and [16-942] of _Benjamin’s
Sale of Goods_. Applying that principle to the present facts, it should have
been well within the contemplation of the D, as a supplier of electronic
commodities, that capacitors would be installed in boards or a related system.
It is therefore immaterial whether the precise type of system (PCB or
otherwise) was contemplated. As for the allegation that the D had no knowledge
that the goods would be used in high-end systems, it is irrelevant since the
damages claimed by P do not cover rectification of the high-end storage
systems in EMH.

_(ii) Whether each contract in the series of contracts contained the same or a
similar, contractual undertaking as to description of the goods_

41 On a related point, DC has also submitted that the case of _Biggin_ is
distinguishable because the same goods were being sold from one party to
another whereas the settlement sum paid by the P was in respect of CTH’s
contract with EMC for different goods – high end storage systems – and unknown
terms. The PC, in their reply, stated that _Biggin_ is actually analogous to
the present facts because the Dutch government was also obliged to pay damages
to the roofing contractors.

Whether there was significant variation in contractual undertakings

42 Here there was a series of three contracts – between the P and D, between
the P and CTH and between CTH and EMC. The fundamental issue here is whether
the chain of causation has been broken in the series of sub-contracts by any
significant variation in the contractual undertakings of each sub-contract.
The P pleaded in its statement of claim that there was an implied condition of
the agreement that the goods would conform to the description of “AVX” brand
and model No: TPSC336K016R0300. Before VK Rajah J, the parties agreed that the
D would be liable for the breach of this term. The invoice showing the sub-
sale by the P to CTH also stipulated a specific description of the capacitors
in the same terms as the contract between the P and D, and hence, a similar
term must have existed in this sub-contract.

43 With respect to the contract between CTH and EMH, although no documents
were adduced as evidence, Kimberly Aube stated in her affidavit of evidence-
in-chief that EMH required “certain specifications of printed circuit boards
which required large quantities of capacitors with certain electrical
characteristics” and AVX brand capacitors bearing the part number
TPSC336K016R0300 “have the required electrical characteristics for the PCBs”.
She further testified in court that CTH was bound to “procure material of
EMC’s approved vendor list” and CTH failed to do that in this case. It
naturally follows from these circumstances that CTH also had the implied
obligation to use only certain specified capacitors for the PCBs. Hence, in my
opinion, there was no significant variation in all the contractual
undertakings.

Whether change in type of goods broke chain of causation

44 Although CTH had sold PCBs, instead of capacitors, to EMH, this does not
disrupt the chain of causation. A similar situation occurred in _Bence
Graphics,_ where the vinyl film was used to manufacture decals. Auld LJ’s
reasoning in that case is particularly apposite here; since all the contracts
were subject to the implied term that the goods should comply with the
stipulated description, it was inconsequential that the initial goods were
transformed to different goods. There is no doubt there that _the damage
suffered by EMH flowed from the breach of the original warranty between the P
and the D._ As stated by Devlin J, the loss “was caused by a defect in the
goods covered both by the original seller’s description or undertaking and
also by the descriptions or undertakings in all the intervening contracts”
such that _the whole of the penultimate buyer’s liabilities arose from the
failure of the goods to behave as warranted by the original seller._ I
therefore find that the change in the type of goods does not absolve the D
from liability to the P.

_(iii) Whether the settlement sum reached between the P and CTH was
reasonable._

45 I have earlier stated at [25] that I will adopt the position in _Biggin,_
subject to any evidence adduced to show that the settlement sum would not have
been close to the quantum of damages awarded. The sum of US$300,000 thus has
to be shown to be a reasonable settlement figure which was reached under legal
advice.

Whether there was legal advice

46 The D submits that the P did not obtain independent legal advice save for
its own present counsel in Singapore.

47 According to John Prymmer and Matthew Hartzell, the latter, who was in-
house legal counsel of NF Smith, had negotiated with CTH for a settlement of
its claim against the P and assisted in drafting the settlement agreement. He
stated in cross-examination that he had also discussed this matter with some
lawyers in Houston, though he did not specifically retain a lawyer for this
matter. Having considered the need to preserve goodwill, and to avoid large
amounts of legal fees resulting from litigation, he sought to settle the
matter with CTH. CTH’s original claim of US$444,680 was successfully reduced
to US$300,000.

48 There was sufficient legal advice given in these circumstances. I note that
_Biggin_ merely specified that legal advice had to be sought, and not that
_independent_ legal advice was necessary. It is, moreover, unrealistic to
expect a large corporation to retain an external lawyer when it has its own
legal counsel. Furthermore, there is no conflict of interest in the P seeking
legal counsel from Matthew Hartzell since an in-house legal counsel would
certainly seek to settle the claim at the lowest possible quantum. Given that
Matthew Hartzell had successfully reduced the initial sum claimed by CTH, and
had not simply accepted the original claim, I find that there is nothing
untoward in Matthew Hartzell’s legal advice.

Reasonableness of the settlement

49 The D also alleges that the settlement between the P and CTH was
unreasonably reached because of the following factors:

(a) the D was not involved in the settlement;

(b) the D did not ask for any specific documents during the negotiation to
verify CTH and EMC’s claims;

(c) Matthew Hartzell does not have technical background in capacitors,
manufacturing of PCBs or purging of capacitors from PCBs. He had no personal
knowledge of the document entitled “EMC Global Summary – Purge Costing”;

(d) There was no evidence from the P’s witnesses of how many goods installed
on PCBs were purged;

(e) The P relied on mere tabulation by Kimberly Aube based primarily on EMC’s
input, and without sighting any further documents;

(f) The settlement was reached without due and proper consideration and
verification. No reasonable businessman would have settled at such a large
figure without sighting proper supporting documents.

I will address each of these allegations, bearing in mind that some of these
are overlapping factors:

_No involvement of the D in the negotiations_

50 I do not see the necessity for the D to be roped into the negotiations. The
P clearly had a right to conduct its own negotiations with its own sub-
purchaser, especially since a multi-party negotiation might have been much
more complicated and protracted. The failure to involve the Ds does not
reflect unreasonableness in the settlement arrangement. This objection merely
reflects the D’s unhappiness in being unable to give its input so as to reduce
the settlement sum further. In any case, the P did make an effort to contact
the D. John Prymmer was requested by Matthew Hartzell to contact the D’s
managing director, Park Hee Woong to seek a contribution. John Prymmer’s
affidavit exhibited these letters, which stated that CTH agreed to a
settlement sum of US$300,000. However, the D failed to respond to these
letters.

_No verification of CTH and EMH’s claims_

51 Similarly, I do not find this particular argument to be sound. During
cross-examination, Matthew Hartzell testified that he could not remember
whether he asked for specific documents, but he might have asked for
information at different times. The EMC Global Summary was supplied in
response to the P’s request for support for the quantum of damages claimed.
The steps taken by the P were reasonable in view of the following explanation
by Matthew Hartzell:

If you are asking whether I asked for timesheets, invoices and that sort of
thing, no, I did not. I was not prepared to litigate that issue at that time.
Please bear in mind that I am a supplier of goods dealing with a customer who
has a problem. And they told me it cost nearly $500,000 to fix this problem,
so I asked what they mean, please support what they are talking about. So they
did. I was just acting as a supplier trying to deal with the situation. If
that is what you mean by did I ask for more specific document, I did not. And
it was in an effort to keep costs down.

52 I also note that the negotiations had lasted nine months. The length of the
negotiations is far from suggestive that the final sum of US$300,000 and the
EMC Global Summary were accepted by the P hastily without due consideration of
the merits of CTH’s case. Moreover, Matthew Hartzell stated that he had
questioned various aspects of the EMC Global Summary, such as “why it cost so
much money” and “why rectification and purging had to be done so quickly”. As
such, I find this particular objection by the D unsustainable.

53 On another related point, DC has submitted that the EMC Global Summary was
prepared by Kimberly Aube based entirely on numbers provided by EMC, save for
a few pages on CTH’s own purging costs, and that the document is inadmissible
because of hearsay. PC refutes these claims by arguing that the D had not
asserted throughout the proceedings that the figures in the document were
erroneous. PC also submits that the accuracy should not be doubted because
Kimberly Aube was involved in the whole process of purging of the goods and
had verified the figures given by EMC.

54 In my opinion, this argument is also unmeritorious. Although Kimberly Aube
conceded that certain pages of the EMC Global Summary were submitted by EMC,
she clearly considered the entire document to be her own report, albeit
prepared with the assistance of EMC. While she stated that certain pages were
prepared “100% based on EMC’s input”, she had also testified that she had
verified the figures by looking at the corresponding receipts, bills and
orders. Kimberly Aube had also incorporated information contained in this
document into her own affidavit of evidence-in-chief. When questioned about
various parts of the document during cross-examination, she displayed intimate
knowledge of all the details of the document. Furthermore, she had personally
supervised the entire purging process in Franklin as well as Cork, as well as
monitored the operating time, costs and expenses. I find therefore that there
is no hearsay as Kimberly Aube had personal knowledge of the details of EMC’s
costs. On the contrary, I was impressed by Kimberly Aube’s methodical and
meticulous manner of tracing the steps of the entire purging process, as well
as documenting all the costs incurred. It can hardly be concluded that it was
unreasonable for the P to have accepted the costs claimed in this document.

_Matthew Hartzell’s lack of expertise_

55 This submission can be summarily dismissed. I do not see why the P’s legal
counsel is required to have technical knowledge of capacitors and the purging
process so as to effectively conduct negotiations with CTH. He had queried
certain items in the EMC Global Summary and that should have sufficed. Since
the negotiations had taken nine months and Matthew Hartzell succeeded in
reducing the sum claimed by CTH, there is no ground to find fault with the
technical know-how of the legal counsel.

_No evidence of number of damaged capacitors_

56 D takes issue that Kimberly Aube only confirmed that two capacitors were
burnt and two PCBs were damaged. Again, I do not see anything suspicious in
this. EMC discovered the two damaged PCBs before the suspicion arose that the
capacitors were counterfeit. CTH ceased production after obtaining
confirmation that the goods were counterfeit and naturally, they would not
have wanted to risk burning any further capacitors. This objection is a
spurious one.

57 In sum, I find that the settlement was a reasonable one. There was proper
legal advice given by the P’s own legal counsel, who had properly taken into
account the possibility of incurring exorbitant costs in the event that
litigation took place. CTH had properly supervised every step of the purging
process and was aware of the costs incurred. Matthew Hartzell, on behalf of
the P, had also asked for support of the claim. The P had spent substantial
time attempting to reduce the sum claimed by CTH. The quantum that was settled
for was more than reasonable, since CTH’s own costs in purging were finally
excluded and only EMC’s costs were claimed. There was also a _quid pro quo_ ,
as CTH was given permission to audit the P’s work processes in the future. As
explained by Kimberly Aube, the large sum for purging was due to the urgency
in rectifying the PCBs. There were only two weeks for all the products to be
repaired and tested to meet EMC’s demands to its customers. On all counts,
this was, in my opinion, a reasonable settlement.

**Conclusion**

58 I therefore grant the total sum of US$302,184 as damages to the P. Interest
will run from the date of the writ to the date of judgment. I will hear the
parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

