Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Lim Stephen  
[2006] SGHC 5

Case Number | : | OS 1311/2005, NM 86/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer Merchant (Madhavan Partnership) for the applicant; The respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Lim Stephen   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Show cause action – Whether
circumstances warranting an order for striking off existing – Whether
mitigating factors existing – Section 83 and 94A(1) Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

17 January 2006

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The respondent was admitted to the Bar as an advocate and solicitor in 1992
and was at all material times practising as the sole proprietor of the firm
Stephen & Co (“the firm”). The firm was previously known as Lim & Partners. In
2005 the respondent was charged with 24 charges under s 409 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) in relation to the criminal beach of trust of his
clients’ money. On 14 July 2005, the Prosecution proceeded with six of those
charges.

2 The facts and circumstances concerning the six charges may be summarised as
follows. The respondent acted as solicitor for Oki Motor Workshop (“Oki”) and
was instructed by Oki to claim damages on behalf of Oki’s customers whose
vehicles were damaged by other vehicles. The respondent would, if necessary,
and did from time to time, negotiate a global sum in settlement of the claims
made. There was an agreement between Oki and the respondent which permitted
the respondent to collect payments made, and from the funds received he would
deduct his legal fees before paying the balance over to Oki. However, the
respondent withheld all moneys paid to his firm in respect of the six charges,
and, in breach of his agreement, the respondent did not make any payment
whatsoever to Oki, and, instead, used the money for his firm’s expenses. A
total of $118,063.69 was thus misappropriated in respect of the six charges.

3 The respondent admitted the statement of facts relating to the six charges
and pleaded guilty to all six charges. The remaining 18 charges were taken
into consideration for purposes of sentencing. He was sentenced to a total of
three years and six months’ imprisonment in respect of the six charges. The
terms of imprisonment were ordered to take effect from 6 May 2005.

4 The Law Society of Singapore applied for an order that the respondent show
cause why he should not be dealt with under ss 83 and 94A(1) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed). The application was granted by the High
Court on 29 September 2005. The Law Society of Singapore appeared through its
counsel, Mr Zaheer Merchant, before us at the show cause proceedings but the
respondent was absent and not represented.

5 From a perusal of the record we are satisfied that the circumstances
indicated that the respondent acted with a degree of dishonesty that warrants
an order striking him off the roll of advocates and solicitors and disbarring
him from practice henceforth. It is evident that the respondent knew that it
was wrong for him to use the money due to Oki to pay his firm’s expenses. He
negotiated the terms of the brief with his client (Oki), including the
collection of compensation from third parties and the deduction of his fees
from them. The respondent advanced in mitigation (in the criminal proceedings)
the fact that the sum of money involved was not large, which is, to some
extent, a subjective matter depending on the facts, and that he had rendered
all co-operation to the police in their investigation of his conduct. In this
case, there was nothing substantially in his favour by way of mitigation that
merited a departure from the standard disciplinary action that this court has
consistently upheld. The mitigating factors that might have been taken into
account in the criminal proceedings in such cases can also be considered in
the show cause proceedings, but at this stage, it must not be forgotten that
the crucial issue is the commission of an act or several acts of dishonesty in
which the solicitor’s client’s trust had been breached. At this point, we have
to consider whether the mitigating factors sufficiently ameliorated the
conduct such that a less severe form of disciplinary measure than striking him
off the roll would be adequate. We are of the view that the amount was not
only large but it was also misappropriated in a systematic fashion, which is
to say, that it was not a one-off incident. Even one-off incidents might be
equally serious, depending on the circumstances, but this was not a relevant
issue in this case. The evidence appeared to be straightforward and
overwhelming. Hence, we are of the view that his co-operation with the police
was not a sufficient factor to weigh in his favour. As there were no other
mitigating factors to be considered since the respondent did not appear, we
were of the view that he should be struck off the roll of advocates and
solicitors and did so accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

