Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Yatim v Rubiah bte Rahmat  
[2006] SGHC 231

Case Number | : | OS 650142/2003, RAS 720029/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Soraya Hafsa bte Ibrahim (Soraya H Ibrahim & Co) for the appellants; Mohamed Hashim (Mohamed Hashim & Madelene Sng) for the first respondent   
Parties | : |  Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Yatim — Rubiah bte Rahmat   
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Whether civil contempt proceedings
pending against contemnor may be continued against contemnor's personal
representative after death of contemnor – Section 10(1) Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed), O 15 r 6A, O 15 r 7 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Whether order of court enforceable by
committal proceedings against third party who was actively involved in
contemnor's breach – Whether committal proceedings against third party may
commence and continue even after death of contemnor  
  

14 December 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC

1 This case raises some issues that concern aspects of the court’s power to
uphold its authority and secure obedience to its orders by authorising the
initiation of committal proceedings.

2 The respondent, Mr Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Yatim, was divorced from his wife,
the defendant, Madam Rubiah Binte Rahmat (“Madam Rubiah”), on 24 July 2002.
The decree of the Syariah Court of the same day gave custody of the sole child
of the marriage to Madam Rubiah and further provided that the respondent would
have access at stated times and days each week. The order of the Syariah Court
in respect of the care and control of their child was registered as an order
of the District Court on 18 August 2003 (“the Court Order”). By virtue of s
53(3) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999 Rev Ed) the order
of the Syariah Court when registered acquired the same force and effect for
the purposes of enforcement as if it had originally been obtained in the
District Court.

3 According to the respondent, Madam Rubiah had breached the Court Order. On
27 October 2003, he obtained leave to commence committal proceedings against
the defendant for the alleged breach. He then filed a summons against her on 5
November 2003. A penal notice had not been appended to the Court Order and
because of this, no order was made by the learned District Judge who heard the
matter. The respondent appealed successfully to the High Court and the matter
was then remitted to the District Court. However, before it could be restored
for hearing, a tragic development overtook the case. Madam Rubiah passed away.

4 The respondent then applied for an order to be allowed to prosecute the
contempt proceedings against Madam Rubiah’s personal representative, Mr Abu
Hasrin bin Rahmat (“Mr Abu Hasrin”). The respondent also applied for leave to
commence proceedings against Madam Rubiah’s parents, Mr Mustafa bin Kassim @
Rahmat bin Abu Kasim (“Mr Mustafa”) and Madam Nuria bin Wahnan (“Madam
Nuria”). The basis for the latter application was that Mr Mustafa and Madam
Nuria had allegedly abetted the alleged breach of the Court Order by Madam
Rubiah.

5 This application came before the learned District Judge on 30 May 2006 and
he ordered, _int er alia_ , that the committal proceedings be allowed to
continue against Mr Abu Hasrin in his capacity as personal representative of
Madam Rubiah. In addition, the learned District Judge gave liberty to the
respondent to apply for an order of committal against Madam Rubiah’s parents.
Mr Abu Hasrin, Mr Mustafa and Madam Nuria (collectively “the appellants”)
appealed against these orders and the appeal came before me.

**The effect of Madam Rubiah’s death on the pending committal proceedings**

6 The principal thrust of Mr Abu Hasrin’s case is that the respondent cannot
proceed against the personal representative of Madam Rubiah because the right
of action in question abates upon Madam Rubiah’s death. The contention is that
because contempt proceedings are quasi-criminal in nature, they are personal
to the alleged contemnor and cannot survive her death. In response, the
respondent relies on several statutory provisions, namely s 10(1) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the CLA”) and O 15 rr 6A and 7 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”), and a number of precedents to
contend that the proceedings should be allowed to continue notwithstanding the
death of Madam Rubiah.

7 In my judgment, the starting point of the analysis is the recognition that
not every right of action survives the death of one of the parties. For
instance, steps in a divorce proceeding can rarely be taken if either party
dies before the decree has been obtained: _Purse v Purse_ [1981] Fam 143 (“
_Purse_ ”) at 151 citing _Beaumont v Beaumont_ [1933] P 39. As noted in
_Purse_ at 151, the fact of death generally renders the process meaningless.
Similarly, orders for maintenance or custody cease upon the death of the party
in whose favour it is made: _Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah &
Anor_ [1987] SLR 182 (“ _Sivakolunthu_ ”).

8 The judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Sivakolunthu_ was delivered by Chan
Sek Keong JC (as he then was) and the following observation at 190-191 is
instructive:

The nature of these proceedings is substantially a claim to enforce the
settlement order which at the death of KT Arasu had not been carried out.
There is still a _res_ before the court. _The performance of the settlement
order is not dependent upon KT Arasu being, alive, unlike an order for
maintenance or custody._ (emphasis added)

9 It is evident from this passage that the Court of Appeal considered that the
question in each case depends upon the nature of the proceedings. This is
consistent with the following recent pronouncement of the English Court of
Appeal in _Janan Harb v His Majesty King Fahd bin Abdul Aziz_ [2006] 1 WLR 578
at [16]:

[I]t is clear that the real question is whether following the death of the
King further proceedings can be taken. The answer to the question depends
first on the nature of the further proceedings … I then come to the second
matter, the true construction of the relevant statutory provisions.

10 The present proceedings are for civil contempt as distinct from criminal
contempt. Nonetheless, it is settled law that proceedings for civil contempt
are quasi-criminal in nature and attract many of the procedural safeguards
familiar to criminal law, including the imposition of a higher burden of proof
upon the prosecuting party and the vesting in the alleged contemnor of a right
to be apprised of the case against him and of the right to be heard. This is
evident from such precedents as _Re Bramblevale Ltd_ [1970] Ch 128, which was
accepted in _Polygram Records Sdn Bhd and Others v Phua Tai Eng_ [1984-1985]
SLR 810 and in _Allport Alfred James v Wong Soon Lan_ [1988] SLR 987 (later
reversed by the Court of Appeal but not on this point). Perhaps the clearest
articulation of the relevant principles is contained in the decision of Yong
Pung How CJ in _Summit Holdings Ltd v Business Software Alliance_ [1999] 3 SLR
197 where he said as follows at [17]:

There are many differences between a criminal charge and the statement under O
52. However contempt of court, whether civil contempt or criminal contempt, is
an offence of a criminal character and must be proved beyond reasonable doubt:
_Re Bramblevale Ltd_ [1970] Ch 128. The purpose of the statement is to set out
distinctly the grounds which the applicants are proceeding upon and to allow
the respondents to have the opportunity of answering them, and, in this
respect, its rationale is similar to that of a criminal charge, which is
required to be sufficiently particularised so that accused knows the case that
he is meeting and has the opportunity of refuting the allegations.

11 The gravamen of the offence is in the disobedience of an order of court by
a person subject to it. These facets of the nature of a civil contempt suggest
that such proceedings are personal to the alleged contemnor and can only be
prosecuted against him or her. In the same way that criminal proceedings are
not brought against the representatives of dead persons, proceedings, even in
respect of a civil contempt, being essentially criminal in nature, should
similarly not be brought or allowed to be prosecuted against the personal
representatives of an alleged contemnor who has passed away. In _Hambly v
Trott_ (1776) 1 Cowp. 371, 98 E.R. 1136 at 1138, Lord Mansfield famously
remarked that “all private criminal injuries or wrongs, as well as all public
crimes, are buried with the offender.” In my judgment, this is correct. Once
an alleged contemnor dies, the proceedings die with him.

12 It is noteworthy that Mr Mohamed Hashim who appeared for the respondent was
not able to support his contention, that such proceedings could be brought or
pursued against the personal representatives of an alleged contemnor, with
even a single authority directly on the point. It is also significant that in
the leading textbook on the subject, Sir David Eady and Professor A.T.H. Smith
eds., _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet & Maxwell : London, 2005) (“
_Arlidge et al on Contempt_ ”), the learned authors at paras 12–99 to 12–123
do not list the personal representative of an alleged contemnor among those
who may be liable for civil contempt. The underlying justification for this is
both philosophical and practical. In principle, criminal responsibility must
lie squarely on the shoulders of those who commit the offence. A proxy cannot
be made to take the responsibility for another’s crimes. Moreover, as a matter
of practicality, if an alleged contemnor has the right to be heard, how is
this to be given effect where she is no longer alive? Furthermore, if an
adverse finding were made, is the court to impose a fine or a term of
imprisonment against the representative, who may have had nothing to do with
the offence to begin with? In my judgment, this would plainly be wrong.

13 Mr Mohamed Hashim submitted that one should not “confuse substance and
punishment”. He suggested that notwithstanding Madam Rubiah’s demise, it would
nonetheless be possible for the court to make a finding of contempt against
the personal representative of Madam Rubiah without imposing any punishment.
In my judgment, this is untenable. First, it appears to me that the exercise
would be entirely academic. Furthermore, it would be wrong to divorce a
finding of guilt in quasi-criminal proceedings from the necessary consequences
that ought to follow upon that finding. Criminal law is penal in nature. In
the context of contempt proceedings, the primary objective of committal
proceedings is to uphold the authority of the court by securing compliance
and/or punishing non-compliance with its orders. A mere declaration of breach
in the present circumstances would tend to undermine that objective.

14 I turn then to consider the cases cited by Mr Mohamed Hashim in support of
his position. The first of these is _Mosey v Mosey and Barker_ [1956] P 26 (“
_Mosey_ ”). There, an order was made against the husband, upon the dissolution
of a marriage, securing an annual sum for the maintenance of the wife and
their child that was to be agreed upon or referred to the district registrar.
The husband died before the security had been specified and the wife applied
to enforce the order against the executor of the husband’s estate. It was held
that the order had laid down what was to be done and how it was to be done,
and on the basis of the maxim _certum est quod certum reddi potest_ (it is
certain if it is capable of being rendered certain), it was held that the
order created an enforceable claim, which survived the husband’s death.

15 In my judgment, there are at least three features of that case which render
it inapplicable to the present circumstances. First, _Mosey_ was not a case
that concerned contempt proceedings at all. Rather, it involved a purely civil
matrimonial dispute where the maintenance sum that was to be paid was secured
against the husband’s real property. The real effect of the decision there was
that the wife should be allowed to enforce her rights under the maintenance
order against the husband’s estate. The present case, being quasi-criminal in
nature, concerns an action that is directed against the person rather than her
estate. In my judgment, this makes the present case of a fundamentally
different nature to _Mosey_.

16 Second, the court in _Mosey_ found it significant that the court order was
specifically intended to provide for the wife even after the husband’s death
(see at 41). Civil contempt proceedings, on the other hand, are not generally
intended to survive the alleged contemnor’s death. Third, the order in _Mosey_
gave rise to an enforceable claim. Here, the committal proceedings are in
their infancy. There has been no determination as to whether Madam Rubiah was,
in fact, in violation of the Court Order. Contrary to the respondent’s
assertion, the Court Order does not, in itself, give rise to an enforceable
_claim_ against Madam Rubiah or her estate. It merely states the obligations
of the parties in relation to the care and custody of their child and it is a
matter yet to be proved that the Court Order had in fact been breached.

17 The respondent’s reliance upon the Court of Appeal decision in
_Sivakolunthu_ is similarly fruitless. In that case, an order had already been
made for the sale of certain property and for the division of the proceeds of
the sale between the parties before the husband had passed away. Again, there
was no question of contempt in that case. The issue was whether the order for
sale of a property and for the division of the proceeds of the sale could be
acted on and in that context the court held that there was a subsisting order
of the court which was enforceable against the husband’s estate. Indeed, as
noted in the passage from the case that I have quoted at [8] above, the key
point there was that the performance of the order in question was not
dependent upon the person being alive.

18 The respondent also relied upon _Purse_ ([7] _supra_). In _Purse_ , a
husband was granted a decree nisi, which was made absolute in the absence of
the wife, from whom he had separated earlier and was not in contact with. The
husband died and the wife subsequently discovered that the marriage had been
dissolved. The Court of Appeal allowed the wife’s application seeking to void
the decrees nisi and absolute on the ground that the petition for divorce had
not been served on her and that she had had no opportunity to defend it. The
court held that while steps could not be taken in proceedings pending before a
court to obtain a decree nisi or absolute where a spouse died before such a
decree had been granted, a divorce suit did not automatically abate where
there was still a _res_ before the court in respect of which the court could
exercise its appellate powers. _Purse_ is, again, different from the present
proceedings against Madam Rubiah because there is no _res_ in the present case
upon which a court can act for the reasons I have set out above at [11]-[13].

19 Finally, reliance was placed on _Sher Singh v R P Kapur_ [1968] AIR Punj
217, where it was held that the death of the party _initiating_ contempt
proceedings did not prevent the matter proceeding. The death of the
complainant presents a fundamentally different situation than does the death
of the alleged contemnor. The decision in S _her Singh v R P Kapur_ rests on
the principle that “once the proceedings get going, it becomes a matter
between the contemnor on the one hand and the court of which the contempt is
stated to have been committed, on the other”: see at 223. That is correct
because it is the court that acts to uphold its order. But this only
highlights the difficulty with the respondent’s position in the present case.
The death of the person _against whom the proceedings are brought_ presents a
considerable obstacle since she is very much integral to the process.

20 In my judgment, the nature of civil contempt proceedings is such that these
are personal to the contemnor and the precedents cited to me do not persuade
me that the proceedings should be allowed to continue after the death of the
alleged contemnor. I turn to examine whether there is any statutory language
that changes this. In my judgment, there is not. The respondent, places some
reliance first on s 10(1) of the CLA, which states that “on the death of any
person, all causes of action subsisting against or vested in him shall survive
against, or as the case may be, for the benefit of his estate.” This provision
is essentially _in pari materia_ with s 1(1) of the UK Law Reform
(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1934. That provision was enacted to abolish the
common law rule that actions in _tort_ did not survive for the benefit of or
against the estate of a deceased person: see _Harris v Lewisham & Guy’s Mental
Health NHS Trust_ [2000] ICR 707 at [18]. It does not immediately or
necessarily follow that proceedings which are quasi-criminal in nature would
be saved by this provision. The threshold inquiry in my judgment, is whether
the proceedings in question are “causes of action”. Diplock LJ (as he then
was) in _Letang v Cooper_ [1965] 1 QB 232 defined a cause of action as “a
factual situation the existence of which entitles one person to obtain from
the court a _remedy_ against another person.” In _Sugden v Sugden_ [1957] P
120, Denning LJ stated at 134 – 135:

"Causes of action" in the sub-section means, I think, _rights which can be
enforced, or liabilities which can be redressed_ , by legal proceedings in the
Queen's courts. These now survive against the estate of the deceased person.
"Causes of action" are not, however, confined to rights enforceable by action,
strictly so called -- that is, by action at law or in equity. They extend also
to rights enforceable by proceedings in the Divorce Court, provided that they
really are rights and not mere hopes or contingencies. They include, for
instance, a sum payable for costs under an order of the Divorce Court, or a
right to a secured provision under an order already made against a man before
his death: see _Hyde v. Hyde_ ([1948] 1 All E.R. 362) and _Mosey v. Mosey &
Barker_ ([1955] 2 All E.R. 391). (emphasis added)

21 In neither of these formulations is it suggested that criminal or quasi-
criminal proceedings are “causes of action” properly understood. Committal
proceedings for civil contempt cannot be characterised as a remedy or a right
or a liability. Instead, as Lord Donaldson MR said in _Johnson v Walton_
[1990] 1 FLR 350 at 353:

Proceedings for contempt of court are always in a special category because
they are intended to uphold the authority of the court and to make certain
that its orders are obeyed. They are not intended to provide solace or
compensation to the plaintiff.

22 Nor is the respondent aided by recourse to the ROC. All that O 15 rr 6A and
7 provide are the _procedures_ for continuing an action against the estate of
a deceased party, _if_ the action does, in fact, survive. Order 15 r 6A
establishes the machinery for overcoming difficulties in bringing proceedings
against a deceased defendant where no grant of probate or administration has
been made to his estate; while O 15 r 7 deals with the change of parties by
reason of the death of a party in an action already brought. However, they do
not “alter the law as regards the survival of causes of action” as noted in
_Singapore Civil Procedure_ (Sweet & Maxwell : Singapore, 2003) (“ _Singapore
Civil Procedure_ ”) at para 15/7/2.

23 It follows that the civil contempt proceedings cannot be proceeded with
against Mr Abu Hasrin in his capacity as the personal representative of Madam
Rubiah. The appeal is therefore allowed on this point.

24 Before leaving this, I make one further point. The application to continue
the proceedings against Mr Abu Hasrin is also misconceived because it will
ultimately be moot. Mr Mohamed Hashim accepted before me that there were no
means by which this court could punish the personal representative of Madam
Rubiah assuming it did find that Madam Rubiah had breached the Court Order at
some stage before she passed away. However, one cannot ignore the fact that
she has passed away and any breach of the Court Order cannot be continuing.
Therefore, all that the respondent really seeks is a pronouncement that Madam
Rubiah was in breach of the Court Order. But in those circumstances, it is not
at all apparent what the point would be of making a bare declaration that
Madam Rubiah was in contempt.

25 It is apposite here to recall the following _dictum_ of Lord Bridge of
Harwich in _Ainsbury v Millington_ [1987] 1 WLR 379 at 381 (_albeit_ in a
somewhat different context):

It has always been a fundamental feature of our judicial system that the
courts decide disputes between the parties before them; they do not pronounce
on abstract questions of law when there is no dispute to be resolved.

26 In my view the outcome of any committal proceedings against Madam Rubiah is
now a matter of indifference. Mr Mohamed Hashim submitted that it would not be
so and that the respondent was entitled to seek some vindication but as noted
in the passage from the judgment of Donaldson MR in _Johnson v Walton_ that I
have quoted at [21] above, the machinery of committal proceedings is not meant
to provide solace to the complainant. Indeed, the result of the committal
proceedings against Madam Rubiah or her personal representative would be
purely academic and on this basis also, there is no reason why the respondent
should be allowed to continue to proceed against Mr Abu Hasrin _qua_ Madam
Rubiah’s personal representative.

27 The respondent placed some reliance upon the following _dictum_ of Lord
Woolf in _Re M_ [1994] 1 AC 377 at 424 - 425:

Nolan LJ, at p. 311, considered that the fact that proceedings for contempt
are “essentially personal and punitive” meant that it was not open to a court,
as a matter of law, to make a finding of contempt against the Home Office or
the Home Secretary. While contempt proceedings usually have these
characteristics and contempt proceedings against a government department or a
minister in an official capacity would not be either personal or punitive (it
would clearly not be appropriate to fine or sequestrate the assets of the
Crown or a government department or an officer of the Crown acting in his
official capacity), this does not mean that a finding of contempt against a
government department or minister would be pointless. _The very fact of making
such a finding would vindicate the requirements of justice. In addition an
order for costs could be made to underline the significance of a contempt. A
purpose of the courts’ powers to make findings of contempt is to ensure that
the orders of the court are obeyed._ (emphasis added)

28 The short answer to this, in my judgment, is that the making of a
declaratory order in respect of a government official or department _in order
to ensure that orders of the court are obeyed_ , is completely different to
the making of a finding that there was a breach by a person who since passed
away and is therefore immune to any pronouncements made here. The point is
further clarified in the following passage from the same judgment at 425:

_In cases not involving a government department or a minister the ability to
punish for contempt may be necessary. However, as is reflected in the
restrictions on execution against the Crown, the Crown’s relationship with the
courts does not depend on coercion and in the exceptional situation when a
government department’s conduct justifies this, a finding of contempt should
suffice_. In that exceptional situation, the ability of the court to make a
finding of contempt is of great importance. It would demonstrate that a
government department has interfered with the administration of justice. It
will then be for Parliament to determine what should be the consequences of
that finding. (emphasis added)

29 Mr Mohamed Hashim exerted some considerable effort to demonstrate from the
authorities that the jurisdiction of the court in cases of civil contempt
could extend to punishment and could be exercised even if the parties had
settled their differences or if compliance was no longer possible or was not
going to be forthcoming in any event (see eg the observations of the High
Court of Australia in _Witham v Holloway_ (1995) 183 CLR 525 as well as the
judgment of Sidney Smith JA in _Canadian Transport v Alsbury_ (1952) 7 WWR 49
at 75). I accept this is correct but none of this has anything to do with
cases when the alleged contemnor has passed away and is beyond the reach of
any punishment.

**Whether the respondent can proceed with contempt proceedings against the
parents of Madam Rubiah**

30 I turn to the aspect of the appeal which related to that part of the order
of the learned District Judge giving the respondent leave to apply for an
order of committal against the parents of Madam Rubiah. There are three short
points that arise in respect of this part of the appeal.

31 First, Ms Soraya Ibrahim who appeared for the appellants argued that the
order of the Syariah Court was directed against Madam Rubiah solely.
Accordingly, it was submitted that as there was no order against Madam
Rubiah’s parents, no committal proceedings could lie against them. In my
judgment, this is misconceived. Once the order of the Syariah Court had been
registered as an order of the District Court, it became enforceable in every
way as such an order. An order of the court is enforceable by committal
proceedings not only against the party named in the order or against whom the
order is made, but also against any other person including a third party who
is actively involved in the defendant’s breach: see _Z Ltd v A-Z & AA-LL_
[1982] QB 558.

32 Accordingly, there is no reason in principle why such proceedings could not
be maintained against Madam Rubiah’s parents even though they were not named
as parties in the original proceedings before the Syariah Court.

33 Secondly, Ms Soraya Ibrahim argued that if the proceedings against Madam
Rubiah abate with her death, then the proceedings against her parents which
are derivative of the primary proceedings against Madam Rubiah should
similarly abate. In my judgment, this too is misconceived. The jurisdiction of
the court in contempt proceedings rest on punishment as much as on securing
compliance. The following passage from _Arlidge et al on Contempt_ ([12]
_supra_) at para 3–7 explains the point:

Thus, although “civil contempt” is concerned with breaches of court orders or
undertakings in civil litigation, which were originally for the benefit of one
or other of the parties, the court may wish in such cases to coerce parties
into compliance with its orders; or alternatively, even in this context, it
may be primarily concerned to punish disobedience (where the time for
compliance has passed). In such circumstances as these, deterrence clearly has
a role to play.

34 Although it is possible neither to punish nor to secure compliance on the
part of Madam Rubiah (assuming she did breach the Court Order) it remains
possible to punish her parents if they have been involved in any breach of the
Court Order. Accordingly, this objection fails.

35 Finally, some issue was taken with the procedure adopted in relation to the
application. The respondent had applied for an order dispensing with service
on Madam Rubiah’s parents. The learned District Judge reserved this to the
trial judge who would eventually deal with the committal proceedings. In my
judgment, there is nothing objectionable in this. The appellants appeared to
be under the impression that service had in fact been dispensed with but it is
clear from the Notes of Evidence kept by the learned District Judge that this
is not so.

36 In the premises, I allow the appeal in respect of the following orders:

(a) That the proceedings be carried on against Abu Hasrin bin Rahmat, the
Deceased-Defendant’s brother, as personal representative of the Deceased-
Defendant in like manner as such proceedings might have been carried on
against the Deceased-Defendant if she had not died;

(b) That the name of the personal representative of the Deceased-Defendant be
substituted in place of that of the Deceased-Defendant,

and I dismiss the appeal in respect of the following orders:

(c) That the plaintiff be at liberty to apply to this Court for an Order of
Committal against Mustafa bin Kassim@Rahmat bin Abu Kasim and Nurlia Binte
Wahnan;

(d) That prayer 5 of the Plaintiff’s application in Summons In Chambers No.
650270/06 be reserved for the trial judge.

37 As the appellants succeeded on the principal issues dealt with in the
appeal but not entirely, I order that the appellants are entitled to half the
costs of their appeal. Such costs are to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

