Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and Others  
[2006] SGHC 211

Case Number | : | OS 950/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Valiappan Subramaniam (Veritas Law Corportation) for the plaintiff; Andre Maniam (Wong Partnership) for the second defendant, Jagit Singh (Gurdip & Gill) for the fifth defendant, eighth and ninth defendants in person   
Parties | : |  Goh Nellie — Goh Lian Teck; Goh Lian Chyu; Estate of the late Goh Annie; Goh Molly; Goh Rosaline; Goh Lian Poh; Goh Lian Hing; Goh Shirley; Goh Judy; Goh Boon Hui Roney   
  
Res Judicata – Whether plaintiff's action should be dismissed on grounds of
"cause of action estoppel", "issue estoppel" and/or defence of abuse of
process – Applicable principles  
  
Succession and Wills – Construction – Plaintiff beneficiary under will seeking
to sell property – Defendant beneficiary under will objecting to sale of
property – Whether will containing clear indication that each beneficiary
having right to veto sale of property – Whether court should exercise
discretion to allow sale of property – Section 56(1) Trustees Act (Cap 337,
2005 Rev Ed)  
  

22 November 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 Madam Loh Gek Huay (“Madam Loh”) had two properties to her name. One was No.
59 Kovan Road, Singapore 548148 (“No. 59”), on which an apartment building was
developed and now stands. The other was No. 61 Kovan Road, Singapore 548189
(“No. 61”), where Madam Loh stayed with her family until her death. A well-
intentioned mother, Madam Loh bequeathed these properties variously to her ten
children, her grandson and her daughter-in-law. Unfortunately, good intentions
are not always reciprocated and following her demise, these properties have
become the centre of a bitter dispute among the beneficiaries, in particular,
the plaintiff (“Nellie”), the second defendant (“Lian Chyu”) and the fifth
defendant (“Rosaline”).

2 Both properties were the subject of Madam Loh’s last will and testament
(“the will”) and they were bequeathed in the following terms:

Subject to payment of my just debts, funeral and testamentary expenses
including estate duty, I GIVE DEVISE and BEQUEATH my properties to the persons
and in the manner following:

(a) My _residential premises_ known as No. 61 Kovan Road, Singapore, to the
following persons in equal shares:

(1) my daughter GOH ANNIE

(2) my daughter GOH MOLLY

(3) my son GOH LIAN CHYU

(4) my son GOH LIAN HING

(5) my daughter GOH SHIRLEY

(6) my daughter GOH NELLIE

(7) my daughter GOH JUDY

(8) my son GOH LIAN POH

(9) my daughter GOH ROSALIND [_sic_]

(10) my son GOH LIAN TECK

(11) my grandson GOH BOON HUI RONEY

My _above stated residential premises_ shall be used as a _residence_ by my
children abovenamed and _shall not be sold without the consent in writing of
the abovenamed 11 beneficiaries_ and that until completion of the sale thereof
my trustee shall permit my children abovenamed _or any one of them_ to occupy
the same rent free so long as he or she shall desire.

(b) The _irremovable property_ known as No 59 Kovan Road, Singapore 548148, to
all the beneficiaries named below as allocated:

(1) my son GOH LIAN HING: #01-02 (Type B)

(2) my daughter GOH ROSALIND: [sic] #01-03 (Type C)

(3) my son GOH LIAN POH: #02-02 (Type D)

(4) my daughter NELLIE GOH: #02-03 (Type C)

(5) my son GOH LIAN CHYU: #03-02 (Type D)

(6) my son GOH LIAN TECK: #03-03 (Type C)

(7) my daughter-in-law, LOW DJAU AI: #01-01, #02-01 and #03-01 (Type A) (This
is in appreciation of LOW DJAU AI advancing finance for the development of
this project).

(emphasis added; NRIC Nos. redacted)

3 Soon after Madam Loh’s death, the quarrels started in relation to the
properties she had left behind. The extent of the acrimony is demonstrated in
the fact that this is the third action involving Madam Loh’s beneficiaries to
come before the courts. The first, MC Suit 411 of 2003, concerned a complaint
by Rosaline that Lian Chyu and Nellie had unlawfully removed and disposed of
some kennels that Rosaline had set up in No. 61 for her pet dogs. The case was
eventually settled. The second, OS 618 of 2005 (“OS 618”), is related to the
present cause of action. That was an application by Rosaline, _inter alia_ ,
for a determination of her right to reside in No 61. It came before Andrew
Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was), who made the following order on 8 August
2005:

On a true construction of paragraph 2(a) of the Last Will & Testament of Low
Gek Huay and in the events that have happened, that the Plaintiff has the
beneficial right to occupy the Property [ie No. 61] as a residence rent free
as long as the Plaintiff desires (until sale) _and that it shall not be sold
without the consent (in writing) of the Plaintiff_ provided that if the
Plaintiff so chooses to exercise her right of occupation, she must in fact
personally reside in the said Property.

(emphasis added; NRIC No. redacted)

4 In the wake of these disputes, the first defendant (“Lian Teck”), who was
originally the administrator of the estate, relinquished his appointment and
Nellie took over on 8 August 2005.

**The present action**

5 The hostility among the main actors in these disputes did not abate. The
current action stemmed from a meeting of the beneficiaries that was held on 15
October 2005. The sale of No. 61 was proposed at that meeting. The ostensible
reason given was that the sale was necessary in order to raise funds to meet
the expenses incurred by the estate.

6 Rosaline objected to the sale. So too did three other beneficiaries: the
seventh defendant (“Lian Hing”), the eighth defendant (“Shirley”) and the
ninth defendant (“Judy”). In these proceedings, each of them filed an
affidavit supporting Rosaline’s position and opposing Nellie’s application.

7 As a result of Rosaline’s opposition to the sale of No. 61, Nellie, in her
capacity as administratrix, applied to this court for an order pursuant to s
56 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) sanctioning the sale
of No. 61. She maintained that this issue was not resolved by the order of
Phang JC made in OS 618 and that the terms of the will do not prohibit the
sale of No. 61. In her affidavit, Nellie cited two reasons that should move
this court to exercise its discretion under s 56(1) of the Act:

(a) that No. 61 is and has been a constant source of conflict between Rosaline
and Lian Chyu, who is currently residing in No. 61 with his wife; and

(b) that the sale of No. 61 is necessary in order to raise the funds referred
to at [5] above.

8 Further, Nellie also deposed to her belief that her mother had wanted to
ensure that all her beneficiaries had a roof over their head. She submitted
this was no longer a concern as each of the beneficiaries had their own
property and the will should be construed with this in mind.

9 Rosaline, on the other hand, submitted that:

(a) the question, whether the beneficiaries to No. 61 each had a veto over its
sale, had already been answered in the affirmative in OS 618 and is therefore
_res judicata_ ;

(b) even if the issue remained open for consideration by this court, there is
an express prohibition in the will against the sale of No. 61 unless all the
beneficiaries consent in writing. Therefore, this court has no power to
sanction the sale under s 56(1) of the Act;

(c) even if the court has the power to sanction a sale under s 56(1) of the
Act, the reasons cited by Nellie do not stand up to scrutiny.

**The legal issues in this matter**

10 The starting point of the analysis in this case is 56(1) of the Act, which
reads as follows:

**56.** —(1) Where in the management or administration of any property vested
in trustees, any sale, lease, mortgage, surrender, release, or other
disposition, or any purchase, investment, acquisition, expenditure, or other
transaction, is in the opinion of the court expedient, _but the same cannot be
effected by reason of the absence of any power for that purpose vested in the
trustees by the trust instrument_ , if any, or by law, the court may —

(a) by order confer upon the trustees, either generally or in any particular
instance, the necessary power for the purpose, on such terms, and subject to
such provisions and conditions, if any, as the court may think fit; and

(b) direct in what manner any money authorised to be expended, and the costs
of any transaction, are to be paid or borne as between capital and income.

(emphasis added)

11 In _Rajabali Jumabhoy and Others v Ameerali R Jumabhoy and Others_ [1998] 2
SLR 439 (“ _Jumabhoy_ ”) the Court of Appeal held that a court’s powers under
s 56(1) of the Act (then s 59(1)) in relation to the management and
administration of trust property are limited by the express terms of the trust
instrument. This is no more than a reflection of the time-honoured principle
that it is not for the courts to rewrite a trust instrument save in very
limited circumstances where recourse may be had to the court’s inherent
jurisdiction: see, for example, _In re New_ [1901] 2 Ch 534; _Jumabhoy_ at
[68] – [75]; and _Re Tan Tye, Deceased_ [1957] MLJ 114. No argument was raised
before me seeking recourse to the court’s inherent jurisdiction in the present
circumstances and I have therefore confined myself to a consideration of the
position under s 56(1) of the Act. As to this, it is clear that while s 56(1)
allows a court the discretion to empower a trustee to perform an act that is
_not expressly authorised by the instrument_ , it cannot empower him to
perform an act that is _expressly forbidden by it_. Commenting on s 57 of the
UK Trustees Act 1925 (_in pari materia_ with our s 56(1)), Evershed MR and
Romer LJ stated as follows in _Re Downshire Settled Estates, Re Chapman’s
Settlement Trusts, Re Blackwell’s Settlement Trusts_ [1953] Ch 218 at 248:

In our judgment, the object of s 57 was to secure that trust property should
be managed as advantageously as possible in the interests of the beneficiaries
and, with that object in view, to authorise specific dealings with the
property which the court might have felt itself unable to sanction under the
inherent jurisdiction, either because no actual ‘emergency’ had arisen or
because of inability to show that the position which called for intervention
was one which the creator of the trust could not reasonably have foreseen;
_but it was no part of the legislative aim to disturb the rule that the court
will not rewrite a trust_ , or to add to such exceptions to that rule as had
already found their way into the inherent jurisdiction.

(emphasis added)

12 Accepting this proposition, the Court of Appeal in _Jumabhoy_ , at [84],
stated that the court’s powers were not without limit, notwithstanding the
wide discretion conferred by s 56(1) of the Act:

_We think it is implicit in s 59(1) that that section cannot be invoked to
sanction or authorise an act or transaction, where there is an express
prohibition against such act or transaction contained in the trust
instrument._ In this respect, the crucial words in that subsection are ‘the
same [ie the act or transaction] cannot be effected by reason of the absence
of any power for that purpose vested in the trustees by the trust instrument’.
In a case, such as the present one, there is no ‘absence of any power’ in the
trust instrument. On the contrary, there is, in this case in the trust
instrument, cl 5 which expressly forbids the act or transaction to be carried
out, ie to invest in any securities in Singapore. _In the face of this
prohibition, the court cannot sanction or authorise an act or transaction
proposed to be carried out, or ratify and approve such act or transaction
which has been carried out, which is contrary to the terms of the trust. The
intention of the settlor as expressed in the settlement ought to be
respected._

(emphasis added)

13 These observations on the ambit of s 56(1) of the Act were not really
controversial before me. Indeed, the principle that the court has a discretion
to sanction the performance of an act by a trustee under s 56(1) subject to
any express intention evidenced by the trust instrument under consideration
was recently affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Leo Teng Choy v Leo Teng Kit_
[2001] 1 SLR 256 (“ _Leo Teng Choy_ ”) at [24] which was a case relied on
heavily by Mr Andre Maniam who appeared for Lian Chyu.

14 Accordingly, the first task for a court faced with an application for it to
exercise its powers under s 56(1) of the Act is to construe the terms of the
trust instrument (in this case, paragraph 2(a) of the will), in order to
ascertain whether there is an express prohibition of the very act that the
trustee wishes, with the court’s leave, to perform. It is only in the absence
of any such prohibition that the court needs to assess the application on its
merits.

15 This, however, runs into a yet prior objection arising out of the
litigation that has preceded this action. In particular, Rosaline claims that
the issue of whether the will prohibits the sale of No. 61 has already been
answered in the affirmative by Phang JC in OS 618 in so far as he ordered that
no sale of No. 61 could take place unless Rosaline consented to it in writing
(see [3] _supra_). This therefore raises the anterior question as to whether
the issue to be decided in this case is foreclosed by the doctrine of _res
judicata_.

16 Accordingly, the two preliminary issues that Nellie’s case must cross
before an assessment can be made of whether the court should exercise its
discretion under s 56(1) of the Act are:

(a) whether, the existence or otherwise of a right on the part of the
beneficiaries, whether singly or in concert, to veto the sale of No. 61 has
already been determined in OS 618 and is therefore _res judicata_ ; and

(b) if the issue stated in (a) is answered in the negative, whether, properly
construed, the will expressly forbids the sale of No. 61 in the event that any
one or more of the beneficiaries object to its sale. If so, the court has no
power under s 56(1) of the Act to order its sale.

It was decided with the consent of the parties that I should first give my
decision on these two issues and this I now do.

**Whether the application made in this action is estopped**

**_The doctrine of res judicata_**

17 The umbrella doctrine of _res judicata_ encompasses three conceptually
distinct though interrelated principles. The first of these is known as “cause
of action estoppel” and it was famously explicated in the judgment of Diplock
LJ (as he then was) in _Thoday v Thoday_ [1964] P 181 (“ _Thoday_ ”) as follow
at 197-198:

[C]ause of action estoppel…prevents a party from asserting or denying as
against the other party, the existence of a particular cause of action, the
non-existence or existence of which has been determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in previous litigation between the same parties. If the
cause of action was determined to exist, i.e. judgment was given upon it, it
is said to be merged in the judgment... If it was determined not to exist, the
unsuccessful plaintiff can no longer assert that it does; he is estopped per
rem judicatam.

18 If the previous decision does not determine the cause of action sued on in
the later proceedings, that decision may still be invoked as having
determined, as an essential step in its reasoning, an issue that proves
relevant in the later case and further consideration of that issue may be
foreclosed: Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley eds., _The Doctrine of Res
Judicata_ (London: Butterworths, 1996) (“ _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ ”) at
para 182. This is commonly known as “issue estoppel” and was also explained by
Diplock LJ in _Thoday_ at 198 as follows:

[I]ssue estoppel is an extension of the same rule of public policy. There are
many cases of action which can only be established by proving that two or more
different conditions are fulfilled. Such causes of action involve as many
separate issues between the parties as there are many conditions to be
fulfilled by the plaintiff in order to establish his cause of action; and
there may be cases where the fulfilment of an identical condition is a
requirement common to two or more different causes of action. If in litigation
upon one such cause of action any of such separate issues as to whether a
particular condition has been fulfilled is determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction, either upon evidence or upon admission by a party to the
litigation, neither party can, in subsequent litigation between one another
upon any cause of action which depends upon the fulfilment of the identical
condition, assert that the condition was fulfilled if the court has in the
first litigation determined that it was not, or deny that it was fulfilled if
the court in the first litigation determined that it was.

19 In some cases, where neither cause of action estoppel nor issue estoppel is
available, a defendant may rely on what the authors of _The Doctrine of Res
Judicata_ term as “the extended doctrine of res judicata” or, as it is more
popularly known, the defence of abuse of process. It has been questioned
whether abuse of process in this context is a principle that is truly distinct
from cause of action and issue estoppels (see per Lord Denning MR in
_McIlkenny v Chief Constable of the West Midlands_ [1980] 1 QB 283 at 322) (“
_McIlkenny_ ”). Lord Denning was undoubtedly correct that some of the cases
that were said to have been applying the doctrine of abuse of process in fact
could have been decided on traditional _res judicata_ principles. On the other
hand, there are other cases which clearly fall outside the traditional reach
of cause of action and issue estoppels but which have nonetheless been barred
from proceeding and these rest on the doctrine of abuse of process. The
doctrine has clearly been recognised as a part of the law in England (see
_Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1) (“ _Johnson_ ”). It has
also been accepted in Singapore (see the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Lee Hiok Tng (in his personal capacity) v Lee Hiok Tng & Anor (executors and
trustees of the estate of Lee Wee Nam, deceased)_ [2001] 2 SLR 41 (“ _Lee Hiok
Tng_ ”) as well as the decision of the same court in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_
[2006] 2 SLR 565 which at [62] followed _Johnson_.

20 The distinct features of the doctrine of abuse of process are well
illustrated in the decision of the House of Lords in _Hunter v Chief Constable
of the West Midlands Police_ [1982] AC 529 (“ _Hunter_ ”) on appeal from the
decision of the Court of Appeal _sub nom McIlkenny_ at [19] above. The
appellant in that case was one of the accused in the notorious “Birmingham
Six” criminal trial. The appellant and his other co-accused alleged that their
confessions had been induced by police violence. The trial judge ruled that
their confessions were voluntary and they were accordingly convicted. The
appellant then brought a civil claim against the police for damages for
assault based on the alleged violence inflicted in the course of extracting
his confession. The House of Lords unanimously held that the claim should be
struck out as an abuse of process because it was in fact an attempt to
relitigate an issue that had already been decided. It was in essence a
collateral attack mounted by means of a civil action, against the decision of
the criminal court on the same point. Lord Diplock (who delivered the leading
judgment in which the other Law Lords concurred) noted as follows at 541:

The abuse of process which the instant case exemplifies is the initiation of
proceedings in a court of justice for the purpose of mounting a collateral
attack upon a final decision against the intending plaintiff which has been
made by another court of competent jurisdiction in previous proceedings in
which the intending plaintiff had a full opportunity of contesting the
decision in the court by which it was made.

21 Lord Diplock at 542 also cited favourably the following dictum of Lord
Halsbury LC in _Reichel v Magrath_ (1889) 14 App. Cas. 665 at 668:

I think it would be a scandal to the administration of justice if the same
question having been disposed of by one case, the litigant were to be
permitted by changing the form of the proceedings to set up the same case
again.

22 The House of Lords relied on the abuse of process defence rather than cause
of action estoppel or issue estoppel because the parties involved in the civil
proceedings were different from those in the criminal proceedings. While Lord
Denning MR and Sir George Baker in the court below were prepared to hold that
the fact that the parties were formally different did not and should not
prevent the application of the doctrine of issue estoppel (see _McIlkenny_
[19] above at 319 and 346 respectively), Lord Diplock thought it best, in
order to avoid confusion and to maintain the distinction between issue
estoppel and abuse of process, that issue estoppel should be restricted to
that species of estoppel _per rem judicatam_ that may arise in civil actions
between the same parties or their privies: _Hunter_ at 540 - 541.

23 The distinction between _res judicata_ (cause of action estoppel and issue
estoppel) on the one hand and abuse of process on the other was further
explained in _Bradford & Bingley Building Society v Seddon_ [1999] 1 WLR 1482,
where Auld LJ said at 1490:

In my judgment, it is important to distinguish clearly between _res judicata_
and abuse of process not qualifying as _res judicata_ … The former, in its
cause of action estoppel form, is an absolute bar to relitigation, and in its
issue estoppel form also, save in “special cases” or “special circumstances” …
The latter, which may arise where there is no cause of action or issue
estoppel, is not subject to the same test, the task of the court being to draw
the balance between the competing claims of one party to put his case before
the court and of the other not to be unjustly hounded given the earlier
history of the matter.

24 This _dicta_ was cited and the distinction accepted by Belinda Ang Saw Ean
J in _Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek and Others_ [2003] 3 SLR 644 (“ _Kwa Ban
Cheong_ ”) at [24], and I agree that it accurately identifies the distinction
between _res judicata_ and abuse of process.

25 In the present case, Rosaline relies only on the defences of issue estoppel
and abuse of process.

**_Issue estoppel_**

26 In _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Grange Heights
Strata Title No 301 (No 2)_ [2005] 3 SLR 157 (“ _Lee Tat_ ”) the Court of
Appeal at [14] to [15] held that the following requirements had to be met to
establish an issue estoppel:

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) that judgment must be of a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) there must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) there must be an identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

27 I turn to examine whether these criteria are satisfied in this case.

28 The first issue is whether the prior decision is a final and conclusive
judgment on its merits. It is important not to equate finality for the
purposes of _res judicata_ with the vexed issue of finality for the purposes
of an appeal. The distinction between “final” and “interlocutory” decisions is
not relevant to the doctrine of finality in respect of _res judicata_ :
_McIlkenny_ at 321 (per Lord Denning MR). Finality for the purposes of _res
judicata_ simply refers to a declaration or determination of a party’s
liability and/or his rights or obligations leaving nothing else to be
judicially determined: _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ at para 154. Whether the
decision in question is a final and conclusive judgment on the merits may be
ascertained from the intention of the judge as gathered from the relevant
documents filed, the order made and the notes of any evidence taken or
arguments made. Andrew Ang J recently noted as follows in _Alliance
Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim Kay Teck_ [2006] 3 SLR 712 at [23]:

That, in this respect, the intention of the judge is critical can also be seen
in _Hendrawan Setiadi v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 503. In that
case, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) had to decide whether the plaintiff was
estopped from bringing a second action against the defendants by reason of an
earlier action between the same parties having been struck out after counsel
for the plaintiff unsuccessfully sought leave to discontinue. The plaintiff
argued that as his claim in the first action had not been dismissed he was not
precluded from re-litigating it. Woo JC went through the trial judge’s notes
of the proceedings in chambers on the plaintiff’s application for leave to
discontinue and concluded that, in refusing the plaintiff’s application and
ordering a striking out of the action, the trial judge had intended to
preclude any fresh action.

29 In the present case, there can be no doubt that the order made in OS 618
was a final determination of the right of Rosaline to reside at No 61. There
was nothing that remained to be decided in relation to this. Counsel for
Nellie submitted, however, that OS 618 was a consent order and he contended
that consent orders are incapable of forming the basis upon which an issue
estoppel could arise. In my judgment, this is misconceived. Leaving aside the
question whether OS 618 was a consent order to begin with, this would not
prevent it forming the basis of an issue estoppel so long as the order was
final: see, _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ at para 38, citing _Kinch v
Walcott_ [1929] AC 482.

30 Counsel for Lian Chyu advanced a slightly different argument. He accepted
that a consent judgment could found an estoppel, but he argued that this
emanated from the agreement of the parties. He referred to the decision of
Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) in _Wellmix Organics
(International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR 117 (“ _Wellmix Organics_
”) in support of the notion that a consent order rested on the fact of
agreement so that once the consent order was vitiated as an agreement it could
not be relied upon. With respect, this too is misconceived. As counsel
accepted, _Wellmix Organics_ was not concerned with issue estoppel. Rather, it
was concerned with the breach of an “unless order”. There was an issue as to
whether it was an order made by consent. Phang J found on the facts it was
not. That did not displace the fact that it was still an “unless order”. Phang
J then considered whether the breach of the “unless order” was contumelious or
contumacious and found it was not and he allowed the appeal on that ground
(see _Wellmix Organics_ at [106], [107] and [110]).

31 The second requirement, that the prior decision must have been made by a
court of competent jurisdiction, is obviously satisfied. Neither party sought
to argue otherwise.

32 The third requirement is identity between the parties involved in the
previous litigation and in the present proceedings. The courts have not taken
a narrow view of what this means. In _Lee Tat_ , for example, even though the
appellant had brought the earlier action as owner of two _dominant_ tenements
and the later proceedings as owner of a _servient_ tenement, this change in
status did not prevent the Court of Appeal from holding that the “effective
parties” were the same for the purpose of satisfying this requirement: at [14]
and [16]. In _Hunter_ , Lord Diplock also stated that issue estoppel may arise
in civil actions between “the same parties _or their privies_ ”: at 541
(emphasis added).

33 In OS 618, Rosaline brought her action against Lian Teck (in his capacity
as administrator of the estate), Lian Chyu and Nellie. In this respect, it was
eventually conceded – and rightfully so – by counsel for Lian Chyu that the
order in OS 618, made against Lian Teck _in his capacity as administrator of
the estate_ must necessarily bind all the beneficiaries jointly and severally
and, for that matter, anyone stepping into the shoes of the administrator. In
the current application, Nellie was acting _in her capacity as administratrix
of the estate_ and Rosaline as the principal beneficiary opposing the
application. In my judgment, it is clear that the principal players in both
actions – Rosaline and the administrator of the estate (representing the
beneficiaries) – are effectively identical. As such, this requirement also is
met.

34 The main difficulty in deciding whether issue estoppel arises on the facts
of this case lies in determining whether the issues litigated in OS 618 and
the issues presented in this application are identical. The requirement that
the subject matter of both proceedings be identical encapsulates a number of
discrete conceptual strands. Firstly, the issues must be identical in the
sense that the prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent
proceeding and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision
must not have changed or should be incapable of change. Where this is not the
case, issue estoppel may not arise. Thus, in _Richards v Richards_ [1953] P
36, the court allowed a wife to bring a second action against her husband
alleging cruelty and traversing some of the ground already covered in an
earlier action which also alleged cruelty but had failed. This was because
“the conduct which is alleged … to amount to persistent cruelty can only be
judged in the light of the whole course of conduct, and the mere fact that at
an earlier stage, when the conduct was only partly completed, a court has
adjudged that at that point it does not amount to persistent cruelty, does not
shut that evidence out forever”: see at 40 citing _Molesworth v Molesworth_
[1947] 2 All ER 842. Similarly, in _Mills v Cooper_ [1967] 2 QB 459, it was
held that because the question of whether someone was a gipsy could change
depending on his circumstances, an earlier decision that the defendant was not
a gipsy did not bar subsequent proceedings contending that he was.

35 The second idea which is contained within the requirement of an identity of
subject-matter is that the previous determination in question must have been
fundamental and not merely collateral to the previous decision so that the
decision could not stand without that determination: see _The Doctrine of Res
Judicata_ at para 201. The authors of _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ trace the
authorities for this principle back to the decision of Lord Holt in
_Blackham’s Case_ (1709) 1 Salk 290, but a more recent statement may be found
in _Blair v Curran_ (1939) 62 CLR 464, in which Starke J held at 510:

[A] judgment concludes not merely the point decided but matters which were
necessary to decide and which were actually decided as the groundwork of the
decision itself though not then directly the point at issue and that a
judgment is conclusive evidence not merely of the facts directly decided but
of those facts which are necessary steps to the decision – _so cardinal to it
that without them it cannot stand_.

(emphasis added)

36 In the same case, Dixon J said as follows at 532:

In the phraseology of Lord Shaw [in _Hoystead v Commissioner of Taxation_
[1926] AC 155], “a fact fundamental to the decision arrived at” in the former
proceedings…must be taken as finally and conclusively established…[M]atters of
law or fact which are subsidiary or collateral are not covered by the
estoppel… _Decisions upon matters of law which amount to no more than steps in
a process of reasoning tending to establish or support the proposition upon
which the rights depend do not estop the parties if the same matters of law
arise in subsequent litigation_.

(emphasis added)

37 The distinction between those issues that are “no more than steps in a
process of reasoning” and those which are “so cardinal” that the decision
“cannot stand without them” is not an easy one. The authors of _The Doctrine
of Res Judicata_ , at para 202, propose that one test is whether the issue in
question may be appealed. If there can be no effective appeal against that
determination, then the issue is not fundamental to the judgment. However, as
even they concede, this test may not always be useful because many
determinations which may be necessary to the decision for purposes of _res
judicata_ may not be susceptible to challenge by appeal. In my judgment, the
assessment of which side of the line an issue falls should be approached from
a commonsensical perspective, balancing between the important public interest
in securing finality and in ensuring that the same issues are not repeatedly
litigated on one hand, and on the other, the private interest in not
foreclosing a litigant from arguing an issue which, in substance, was not the
central issue decided by a previous court. In this regard, I find Lord
Upjohn’s dictum in _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd (No 2)_ [1967] 1
AC 853 (“ _Carl Zeiss_ ”) at 947 apposite:

All estoppels are not odious but must be applied so as to work justice, and
not injustice and I think the principle of issue estoppel must be applied to
the circumstances of the subsequent case with this overriding consideration in
mind.

38 It might be thought that a third idea that is encompassed within the
requirement of an identity of issues is that the issue in question should be
shown in fact to have been raised and argued. At one level, this is no more
than a logical corollary of the first two ideas I have referred to and indeed
of the primary basis on which _res judicata_ operates. This was described in
the following terms by Lord Maugham LC in the House of Lords decision in _New
Brunswick Rly Co v British and French Trust Corpn Ltd_ [1939] AC 1 (“ _New
Brunswick Rly Co_ ”), at 19-20:

[T]he doctrine of estoppel (per rem judicatam) is one founded on
considerations of justice and good sense. _If an issue has been distinctly
raised and decided in an action, in which the parties are represented_ , it is
unjust and unreasonable to permit the same issue to be litigated afresh
between the same parties or persons claiming under them.

(emphasis added)

39 Plainly if an issue has in fact been raised and decided in one set of
proceedings, then on the face of it, it would not be permissible to relitigate
the same issue as between the same parties in a subsequent action. But, where
the issue in question has not in fact been argued or submitted upon, it is
less obvious that the policy goals underlying the doctrine of _res judicata_ –
the interest in the finality and conclusiveness of judicial decisions as well
as the right of individuals to be protected from vexatious multiplication of
suits and prosecutions (see _The Doctrine of Res Judicata_ at para 10) – are
necessarily attracted. This indeed is the context in which the dictum of Lord
Maugham above should be construed because that was a case where a judgment in
default of appearance had been entered against the appellants in an earlier
action and the question raised related to the effect of such a judgment in the
later action. In that context, Lord Maugham thought that in the case of a
judgment in default of appearance the estoppel should be confined to defences
which were “necessarily, and with complete precision, decided by the previous
judgment; in other words, by _res judicata_ in the accurate sense” (see _New
Brunswick Rly Co_ at 21). In my judgment, this is authority for the
proposition that in cases where there has been no actual investigation of a
point, issue estoppel in the strict sense would only apply to those aspects of
the earlier decision that were directly and precisely to be decided by it.
However, this cannot be taken too far. Thus, where a litigant raises a point
but either concedes or fails to argue it, issue estoppel may still arise in
respect of the point conceded or not argued: _Khan v Golechha International
Ltd_ [1980] 1 WLR 1482; _SCF Finance Co Ltd v Masri (No 3)_ [1987] QB 1028;
_Linprint v Hexham Textiles_ (1991) 23 NSWLR 508 (“ _Linprint_ ”); _Hendrawan
Setiadi v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd and Others_ [2001] 4 SLR 503 (“ _Hendrawan
Setiadi_ ”).

40 Furthermore, in my judgment the question whether subsequent litigation is
in fact foreclosed in the circumstances, would depend also on the
applicability of the defence of abuse of process. In _Hendrawan Setiadi_ , Woo
Bih Li JC (as he then was) cited at [61] the following _dictum_ of Kirby P in
the decision of the Court of Appeal of New South Wales in _Linprint_ at 521
and went on to hold at [66] that an issue estoppel could arise even where
there had been no decision on the merits:

Issue estoppel: a wider principle:

If, contrary to the foregoing conclusions, a proper interpretation of the
proceedings in the County Court of Victoria is that there was no judicial
adjudication of the matters involved in the counter-claim by virtue of the
withdrawal of the respondent, and therefore that _res judicata_ does not
apply, the same result nonetheless follows from the application of the law of
issue estoppel. The issues which the respondent now wishes to litigate in the
Supreme Court of this State were either (a) necessarily inherent in the issues
raised by the counter-claim and defence in the County Court of Victoria or (b)
so intimately connected with those issues that the Court would require that
the party to the litigation should have pleaded them in such a way as to have
them resolved in the Victorian proceedings. It would have been unreasonable
not to have pleaded them in those proceedings and, to the extent that they
were not pleaded, they should not now be allowed to be pleaded again.

41 In my judgment, the relevant principle is that where the issue has in fact
been directly covered by the earlier decision, it will be caught either by
cause of action estoppel or issue estoppel. As one moves further away from
what was directly covered by the earlier decision, then the relevant doctrine
becomes the defence of abuse of process rather than issue estoppel. Thus where
the issue ought to have been raised and was not, it might nonetheless amount
to an abuse of process subsequently to litigate that same issue: see
_Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-60] All ER Rep 378 (“ _Henderson_ ”) which was
followed in _Hendrawan Setiadi_. Whether it does or does not in any given case
will depend on a wider analysis which I deal with at [51] to [56] below. In my
judgment, the following dictum of Lord Shaw in the decision of the Privy
Council in _Hoystead v Commissioner of Taxation_ [1926] AC 155 at 170 is to be
seen in that light:

It is seen from this citation of authority that if in any Court of competent
jurisdiction a decision is reached, a party is estopped from questioning it in
a new legal proceeding. But the principle also extends to any point, whether
of assumption or admission, which was in substance the ratio of and
fundamental to the decision. The rule on this subject was set forth in the
leading case of _Henderson v Henderson_ by Wigram Vc.

42 In fact, it may be noted that _Henderson_ is widely regarded as the root of
the defence of abuse of process. Similarly, I consider that the following
statement of Lord Wilberforce in _Carl Zeiss_ ([37] _supra_) at 965 can be
reconciled with the statement of the relevant principle as I have set it out
at [41] above:

Mr Spencer Bower, in his work on _Res Judicata_ states the principle as being
“that the judicial decision _was, or involved,_ a determination of the same
question as that sought to be controverted in the litigation in which the
estoppel is raised” (_Res Judicata_ , p. 9) – a formulation which invites the
inquiry how what is “involved” in a decision is to be ascertained. One way of
answering this is to say that any determination is involved in a decision if
it is a “necessary step” to the decision or a “matter which it was necessary
to decide, and which was actually decided, as the groundwork of the decision”
(_Reg. V Inhabitants of Hartington Middle Quarter Township_ [FN312]) and from
this it follows that it is permissible to look not merely at the record of the
judgment relied on, but at the reasons for it, the pleadings, the evidence
(_Brunsden v Humphrey_ [FN313] and if necessary other material to show what
was the issue decided (_Flitters v Allfrey_ [FN314]). The fact that the
pleadings and the evidence may be referred to, suggests that the task of the
court in the subsequent proceeding must include that of satisfying itself that
the party against whom the estoppel is set up did actually raise the critical
issue, or possibly, though I do not think that this point has yet been
decided, that he had a fair opportunity, or that he ought, to have raised it.

43 Finally, the fact that the issues decided in both the earlier and the later
actions may be identical may not always bar the second round of litigation.
The cases recognise that in special circumstances, it may be unjust to enforce
the strict letter of the doctrine. The leading authority for this is the
decision of the House of Lords in _Arnold v National Westminster Bank plc_
[1991] 2 AC 93 (“ _Arnold_ ”), where Lord Keith (with whom the other Law Lords
concurred) held that issue estoppel at least was not absolute at 108 - 109:

But there is room for the view that the underlying principles upon which
estoppel is based, public policy and justice, have greater force in cause of
action estoppel, the subject matter of the two proceedings being identical,
than they do in issue estoppel, where the subject matter is different. Once it
is accepted that different considerations apply to issue estoppel, it is hard
to perceive any logical distinction between a point which was previously
raised and decided and one which might have been but was not. Given that the
further material which would have put an entirely different complexion on the
point was at the earlier stage unknown to the party and could not by
reasonable diligence have been discovered by him, it is hard to see why there
should be a different result according to whether he decided not to take the
point, thinking it hopeless, or argue it faintly without any real hope of
success. In my opinion your Lordships should affirm it to be the law that
there may be an exception to issue estoppel in the special circumstance that
there has become available to a party further material relevant to the correct
determination of a point involved in the earlier proceedings, whether or not
that point was specifically raised and decided, being material which could not
by reasonable diligence have been adduced in those proceedings. One of the
purposes of estoppel being to work justice between the parties, it is open to
courts to recognise that in special circumstances inflexible application of it
may have the opposite result.

44 While Lord Keith’s dicta is capable of a broad and expansive reading, it
should be noted that the decisive factor in _Arnold_ was the fact that there
was an absence of an effective right of appeal from what the House of Lords
thought was an erroneous decision by the court of first instance in the
earlier litigation: see _Arnold_ at 110-111.

45 I turn to the case at hand in the light of the foregoing principles. The
arguments relating to whether the issue decided in OS 618 and that raised in
the present application are identical may be summarised as follows. Nellie
claims that the central question raised in OS 618 was not the right of each
beneficiary to veto the sale of No. 61 (“the sale issue”) but the right of
each beneficiary (particularly, Rosaline) to reside at No. 61 _until sale_
(“the residence issue”). Therefore, it is suggested that any aspect of the
decision of Phang JC, which purports to decide what the will says in respect
of the sale issue must be merely ancillary and not fundamental to the ultimate
issue that was raised and decided (_viz_., the residence issue). In addition,
Nellie’s submission is that Phang JC did not decide – and could not have
decided – the sale issue because the question was not even raised to begin
with. Any mention of the sale issue in the terms of the order that was made
(see the italicised words at [3] above) simply recites, without deciding, the
prayer for relief. Therefore, Nellie argues that the issue raised in this
application is not foreclosed by the order made in OS 618.

46 On the other hand, Rosaline’s position is that the issues in OS 618 and in
the present application are identical. It is submitted on her behalf that in
deciding whether Rosaline had a right to reside at No. 61, Phang JC would have
had to consider the testamentary intentions of Madam Loh, and given that the
issue presented in this application must also be decided in the light of Madam
Loh’s testamentary intentions, the issues in the two sets of proceedings are
similar, if not identical. Moreover, it is argued, a plain reading of the
order made in OS 618 shows that Phang JC did decide on the proper construction
of paragraph 2(a) of the will, which is the precise provision that is also now
in issue.

47 In my judgment, the mere fact that the order made by Phang JC appears to
suggest that it extended to the sale issue is not decisive: see the decision
of the House of Lords in _Juan José de la Trinidad Concha v Manuel Antonio
Concha_ (1886) 11 HL 541 where it was held that a decree expressing a finding
as to domicile did not foreclose a subsequent determination of this issue
because that finding was unnecessary to the decree.

48 In the final analysis, the question whether OS 618 in fact decided the sale
issue, and therefore renders it _res judicata_ , depends on a variety of
considerations. It is certainly true, as Rosaline contends, that in order for
Phang JC to have decided OS 618, it would have been necessary to ascertain
Madam Loh’s intentions. Thus, in so far as the residence issue was decided on
the basis that Rosaline (as well as any of the relevant beneficiaries for that
matter) has the right to reside rent free at No. 61 for as long as she likes,
it might be argued that this carries with it, implicitly, a decision that
Rosaline has the right to veto a sale since otherwise the right of residence
might be stripped of effect.

49 In my judgment, while that may yet be true on a proper construction of the
will, there is nothing to suggest it was so presented to or contemplated by
Phang JC. The matter must be seen from the perspective of the hearing before
Phang JC. In that context, it is clear that Rosaline’s position before me
conflates what could, in substance, be two quite different and separate
issues. There is nothing inherent in a right of residence that requires that
it must necessarily extend to a right to veto the sale of the residence. One
could have a right of residence _until sale_ which could, conceivably, co-
exist with a right to sell that residence at which point the right of
residence would end. This becomes critical in the context of considering just
what it was that Phang JC decided. If the only issue before him was as to
Rosaline’s right to reside at No. 61 there being no contemplation at all at
that time that the property might be sold, then the possibility of a dichotomy
between the right of residence and the right to veto the sale becomes
relevant. In short, the fact that the beneficiaries have a right to reside at
No. 61 tells one nothing necessarily about the right, if any, of the
beneficiaries to veto the sale of No. 61. In the language of Starke J in
_Blair v Curran_ at [35] above, any determination on the sale issue cannot be
said to have been so cardinal to the residence issue that without the former,
the latter cannot stand.

50 In this light, it becomes a point of fundamental importance that that there
was no argument before Phang JC as to the construction of the will in relation
to the sale issue. In that sense, I do not consider that the issue is covered
by the decision of Phang JC and it cannot then be said that the issue before
me traversed the same ground as was canvassed before Phang JC. The public
interest in deterring or avoiding re-litigation of similar or identical issues
between the same parties is therefore not undercut. Accordingly in my
judgment, there is no identity of subject matter and therefore no issue
estoppel in relation to the sale issue arises out of Phang JC’s order in OS
618.

**_Abuse of process_**

51 I turn to consider briefly the applicability of the abuse of process
doctrine. In _Henderson_ ([41] _supra_), it was noted by Wigram VC as follows
at [381 – 382]:

Where a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of adjudication
by, a court of competent jurisdiction, the court requires the parties to that
litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not (except under
special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same subject of
litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought forward as part
of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward, only because
they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident, omitted part of
their case. _The plea of res judicata applies, except in special cases, not
only to points upon which the court was actually required by the parties to
form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point which properly
belonged to the subject of litigation and which the parties, exercising
reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at that time_.

(emphasis added)

52 This is often regarded as the root of the doctrine of abuse of process but
it has since been restated. In _Hunter_ ([20] _supra_), the failure to bring
forward matters which “belonged to the subject of litigation” in the previous
court was not seen as the only basis on which an argument of abuse of process
could be grounded. Abuse of process was found in the fact that the later
proceedings were considered in substance merely to be a collateral attack on
the previous decision. The modern restatement of the doctrine is to be found
in the decision of the House of Lords in _Johnson_ ([19] _supra_), where the
respondent argued that the appellant ought not be allowed to bring a claim
(for negligence and breach of duty) in his own name and for his own benefit;
and that any such claim ought to have been brought in an earlier action by one
of the appellant’s businesses against the respondent. To allow the appellant’s
case to proceed, the respondent submitted, would amount to an abuse of process
because the appellant was mounting a collateral attack on the outcome of the
earlier proceedings, which had been settled by the respondent without
admission of liability. The House held in favour of the appellant, and in so
doing, recast the law on abuse of process. The following dictum of Lord
Bingham of Cornhill at 31 is instructive:

But _Henderson v Henderson_ abuse of process, as now understood, although
separate and distinct from cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel, has
much in common with them. The underlying public interest is the same: that
there should be finality in litigation and that a party should not be twice
vexed in the same matter. This public interest is reinforced by the current
emphasis on efficiency and economy in the conduct of litigation, in the
interests of the parties and the public as a whole. _The bringing of a claim
or the raising of a defence in later proceedings may, without more, amount to
abuse if the court is satisfied (the onus being on the party alleging abuse)
that the claim or defence should have been raised in the earlier proceedings
if it was to be raised at all. I would not accept that it is necessary, before
abuse may be found, to identify any additional element such as a collateral
attack on a previous decision or some dishonesty, but where those elements are
present the later proceedings will be much more obviously abusive, and there
will rarely be a finding of abuse unless the later proceeding involves what
the court regards as unjust harassment of a party. It is, however, wrong to
hold that because a matter could have been raised in earlier proceedings it
should have been, so as to render the raising of it in later proceedings
necessarily abusive._ _That is to adopt too dogmatic an approach to what
should in my opinion be a broad, merits-based judgment which takes account of
the public and private interestsinvolved and also takes account of all the
facts of the case, focusing attention on the crucial question whether, in all
the circumstances, a party is misusing or abusing the process of the court by
seeking to raise before it the issue which could have been raised before. As
one cannot comprehensively list all possible forms of abuse, so one cannot
formulate any hard and fast rule to determine whether, on given facts, abuse
is to be found or not._ Thus while I would accept that lack of funds would not
ordinarily excuse a failure to raise in earlier proceedings an issue which
could and should have been raised then, I would not regard it as necessarily
irrelevant, particularly if it appears that the lack of funds has been caused
by the party against whom it is sought to claim. _While the result may often
be the same, it is in my view preferable to ask whether in all the
circumstances a party's conduct is an abuse than to ask whether the conduct is
an abuse and then, if it is, to ask whether the abuse is excused or justified
by special circumstances._ Properly applied, and whatever the legitimacy of
its descent, the rule has in my view a valuable part to play in protecting the
interests of justice.

(emphasis added)

53 This has been followed in our jurisprudence by Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in
_Kwa Ban Cheong_ ([24] _supra_) at [25] to [33] as well as by the Court of
Appeal in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_ ([19] _supra_). To put it shortly, a court
should determine whether there is an abuse of process by looking at all the
circumstances of the case, including whether the later proceedings in
substance is nothing more than a collateral attack upon the previous decision;
whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation; whether
there are _bona fide_ reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in
the earlier action was not; and whether there are some other special
circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed. The absence or
existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended to be
exhaustive) is not decisive. In determining whether the ambient circumstances
of the case give rise to an abuse of process, the court should not adopt an
inflexible or unyielding attitude but should remain guided by the balance to
be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a litigant who
has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court and recognising that
there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be unduly oppressive
to the defendant. In the context of cases such as the present, the inquiry is
directed not at the theoretical possibility that the issue raised in the later
proceedings could conceivably have been taken in the earlier, but rather at
whether having regard to the substance and reality of the earlier action, it
reasonably ought to have been. In my judgment, the answer to that in the
present case is plainly no.

54 Rosaline’s argument in the present application is that even if it is found
that the sale issue was not decided by Phang JC in OS 618, and therefore issue
estoppel does not strictly arise, the doctrine of abuse of process applies.
But it is not clear on what basis that can be correct on the facts of this
case. To begin with, any argument that the present application is in reality a
collateral attack on Phang JC’s order in OS 618 would be without merit. As I
have stated at [47 - 50] above, the sale issue and the residence issue are
conceptually two separate and distinct points and were not seen in any other
way by Phang JC.

55 In my judgment, it would be equally implausible (and for the same reasons)
to maintain that the sale issue was properly within the “subject of
litigation” of OS 618 and ought to have been brought forward earlier. It is
useful here to refer to the case of _Lee Hiok Tng_ ([19] _supra_). In that
case, an earlier action had been brought to decide, _inter alia_ , to whom
certain lots of shares belonged. In a subsequent action brought by the
appellant in relation to one lot of the shares in order to determine whether
it had been given to him as a gift, one of the questions that the Court of
Appeal had to decide was whether the appellant was precluded from bringing the
action because his claim ought to have been raised earlier as it fell within
the “subject of litigation” of the earlier action. The court held that there
was no abuse of process in the appellant instituting the second cause of
action because the question as to whether that one lot of shares were
transferred to him as a gift could only be decided after it had been
determined to whom the shares belonged in the first place. Indeed, the court
stated that to have raised the gift question earlier would not have
facilitated the orderly disposal of the earlier action and would in fact, have
been premature. In my judgment, although the facts are different, the
principle is the same. Where there are two distinct issues, it does not
necessarily follow that both should be required to have been raised in the
same proceedings. This is all the more so in the present case given that the
only live issue before Phang JC was the residence issue. It was therefore not
at all unreasonable for Nellie or the other defendants in OS 618 not to have
addressed the sale issue before Phang JC.

56 Accordingly, in my judgment, the bringing of the present application does
not amount to an abuse of process notwithstanding the order made in OS 618.
Nellie is therefore not precluded from pursuing this matter.

**The Construction of the Will**

57 It remains for me to consider whether there is an express prohibition
against the sale of No. 61 so as to exclude the exercise of any discretion on
my part under to s 56(1) of the Act.

**_General principles of construction_**

58 The principles governing the proper construction of a will are many: see
generally, _C H Sherrin_ et al eds, _Williams on Wills_ (London: Butterworths,
8 ed, 2002) (“ _Williams_ ”) at chapter 50; Clive V Margrave-Jones ed.,
_Mellows: The Law of Succession_ (London: Butterworths, 5th ed, 1993) (“
_Mellows_ ”) at chapter 10. For the purposes of the present application, the
following principles may be noted.

59 First, the overriding aim of any court construing a will is to seek and
give effect to the testamentary intention as expressed in the words employed
by the testator: see _Williams_ at para 50.1. The court’s function is not to
rewrite the will or to seek to “improve upon or perfect testamentary
dispositions”: _Re Bailey_ [1951] Ch 407 at 421.

60 Second, the general rule for ascertaining the meaning of the words used is
to read the will as a whole without regard to particular canons of
construction. The following passage from _Williams_ at paragraph 50.2
(omitting citations) provides a concise summary:

**General rule for ascertaining the meaning of words.** For the purpose of
ascertaining the intention, the will is read in the first place without
reference or regard to the consequences of any rule of law or canon of
construction. Words are given the meaning which is rendered necessary by the
context of the whole will, the particular passage being taken together with
whatever is relevant in the rest of the will to explain it. Where the court
finds on the face of the will a clear, general or paramount intention to which
effect can be given, and a particular or subordinate intention to which, by
reason of some rule of law, the court cannot wholly or partially give effect,
or which is inconsistent with or does not carry out all the intentions which
the testator has or is presumed to have, then the particular intention must be
rejected or modified, and the general intention of the testator carried into
effect …

The will itself is taken as the dictionary from which the meaning of the words
is ascertained, however inaccurate such meaning would be in ordinary or legal
use. The only qualification on the application of this general principle is
that a clear context is required in order to exclude the usual meaning of a
word.

61 Third, because a court is to construe the will as a whole and is not to
adopt a clause-bound view of each part of the will (see _Mellows_ at para
10.13; _Leo Teng Choy_ at [25 - 26]), a court should pay particular attention
to two things. One is the overall architecture of the will, meaning the
structural placement of certain words and phrases. If certain clauses are
found in one area of the will but not another, this cannot readily be
dismissed as being without significance, unless the context indicates
otherwise. The second point is that the intratextual use of words, phrases and
language is often important. A court should compare and contrast identical
words used in different parts of the will so as to elucidate the most complete
meaning or intention that should be ascribed to the words used.

62 Finally, there is a presumption that effect should be given to every word:
_Re Sanford, Sanford v Sanford_ [1901] 1 Ch 939. A court should not disregard
parts of the will as long as some meaning can be ascribed to it and that
meaning is not contrary to some intention plainly expressed in other parts of
the will: _Williams_ at para 50.15. A testator, in other words, does not will
in vain.

**Application of principles to the facts**

63 In submitting that paragraph 2(a) of the will (see [2] above) does not
expressly prohibit the sale of No. 61 without the consent in writing of all
the beneficiaries, Nellie makes the following arguments:

(a) If the will was construed to allow each beneficiary a veto, it would mean
that No. 59 may or would have to be sold even if that did not make commercial
sense;

(b) Even if No. 59 was sold, there would have to be some necessary adjustment
in relation to the payment of debts and expenses so that they are not taken
solely from the shares of the beneficiaries to No. 59. This arises from the
reference in the opening words of paragraph 2 of the will to such debts and
expenses being paid. It is argued on this basis, that it might entail the
possibility of the beneficiaries to No. 59 paying for such expenses and debts
without being able to realise their shares in No. 61;

(c) The sale of No. 59 might not be sufficient to meet the expenses of the
estate; and

(d) the beneficiaries to No. 59 and No. 61 are not all the same. In
particular, Madam Loh’s daughter-in-law (“Djau Ai”) is entitled to three units
in No. 59 but has no share in No. 61. If No. 61 was subject to a veto, Djau Ai
would be put in a better position than some of Madam Loh’s sons and daughters
who may not be able to realise their asset in No. 61, whereas Djau Ai would be
able to sell No. 59 with considerably less difficulty.

64 These arguments are not unreasonable and perhaps if they had been put
before Madam Loh, she might have structured her will differently. But this
court is not empowered to re-write the will of the testatrix even if it
considered the intended dispositions unwise or ill-advised. Subject to law, it
is the right of the testator alone to determine the destiny of his property on
his death: _Mellows_ at para 10.11. To that extent, Nellie’s contentions are
ultimately unpersuasive: the conclusion that is urged on her behalf rests upon
a premise that has been assumed, namely that Madam Loh did not intend to draw
a distinction between the two properties. For the reasons that follow, I am of
the view that Madam Loh did intend – and clearly did express – that No. 61 was
to be dealt with differently from No. 59.

65 The first indication that Madam Loh did not intend the same rules to apply
in respect of No. 59 and No. 61 is the paragraph found after the beneficiaries
named in paragraph 2(a) of the will and which was appended only in relation to
No. 61. It states:

My _above stated residential premises_ shall be used as a _residence_ by my
children abovenamed and _shall not be sold without the consent in writing of
the abovenamed 11 beneficiaries_ and that until completion of the sale thereof
my trustee shall permit my children abovenamed _or any one of them_ to occupy
the same rent free so long as he or she shall desire. (emphasis added)

66 If Madam Loh had desired that both properties be devised in the same
manner, one would have expected the same clause to be appended in relation to
both properties or to neither. Therefore, the very structure of the will
suggests that a distinction is to be drawn between No. 59 and No. 61. As I
said to Mr Maniam in argument, the testatrix appeared to have had some
definite reasons for including this paragraph in relation to one of the
properties but not to the other, and it seemed to me wrong to construe the
will so as to give no effect at all to this paragraph. Yet this would be the
effect of accepting the construction of the will that was urged upon me on
Nellie’s behalf.

67 The second indication lies in the attention given to the language used in
describing the two properties which suggests a difference in Madam Loh’s
attitudes towards them. In respect of No. 61, Madam Loh employed the phrase
“my residential premises”. In referring to No. 59, she called it “the
irremovable property”. One inference from this is that Madam Loh regarded the
two properties as possessing distinct purposes and, as a corollary, willed
them differently. In line with this, one would not be surprised if No. 61 was
willed to the beneficiaries in question at least in part to assure each of
them shelter and residence.

68 It is also significant that the words used indicate that “any one” of the
beneficiaries may stay rent-free suggesting that Madam Loh intended to give an
overriding right to each beneficiary to reside in the premises. It could not
have eluded her that this might create conflict among the beneficiaries. The
right to reside was therefore fundamental to how she intended to dispose of
No. 61. This ties in with what I have stated at [67] above.

69 This is further amplified by the explicit provision in paragraph 2(a) that
the “written consent of the abovenamed 11 beneficiaries” is necessary in order
to effect a sale of No. 61. The natural meaning of this is that each
beneficiary is to have a veto over the sale. To hold otherwise would be to
violate the presumption that each word in a will must be given meaning and
effect. This interpretation would also be consistent with – and would in fact
promote – the overriding intention of Madam Loh to provide the security of
_residence_ at No. 61 to each of the named beneficiaries as I have noted at
[65] to [68] above. If it was true that no right to veto the sale existed in
respect of No. 61, that would effectively put the position of the
beneficiaries to No. 59 and No. 61 on the same footing in respect of the right
to sell each of these properties. That is wholly inconsistent with the
linguistic differences apparent in the way Madam Loh willed these properties.
It would also considerably weaken the force and effect of the right of
residence.

70 In my judgment, all of these factors take this will outside the ambit of
the decision in _Leo Teng Choy_ , on which Nellie relies. In that case, the
Court of Appeal held that even though there was a clause in the testator’s
will to the effect that the property in question “shall not be sold, rented
out or in any way converted into cash unless and until unanimously agreed upon
by my said sons”, the intention of the testator, as construed from the entire
will, was not to prohibit the sale of the property but to ensure an equitable
distribution of the proceeds if it was sold. Accordingly, the court had the
power to sanction the sale of the property under s 56(1) of the Act. In the
present case, the overriding intention of the testatrix, in my judgment, was
not to grant the equal right of each beneficiary to the proceeds of sale _per
se_ ; but rather, to ensure that each beneficiary to No. 61 would have the
right to reside there if they needed or wanted to.

71 In any event, a particular construction given to a particular will has no
binding effect even if the will in question appears to be worded similarly. A
court must approach the construction and interpretation of each will afresh.
In the present case, it is not so much the similarities but the
dissimilarities with _Leo Teng Choy_ that are significant in my view.

72 The practical consequences of my construction of the will are not entirely
free from fuss, but they are by no means impossible. Nellie claims, there is a
need to raise funds to meet certain expenses and debts. It was suggested that
having recourse to selling units at No. 59 for this purpose might visit the
burden of these expenses unfairly on one set of beneficiaries. Whether that is
so or not depends on a separate issue of construction of the will which was
not argued before me and which I do not rule on. But even if it were, there is
nothing to say it was not open to Madam Loh to so provide if she wished.

73 As to the other arguments at [63a and 63d] above, assuming these
contentions were correct, they too rest on the same premise that is fatally
flawed: namely that it was not open to Madam Loh to so provide if she wished.
That is clearly wrong. Further, it assumes that the entitlement to the
proceeds of sale of the properties was the ultimate prize that Madam Loh
intended to bestow on her children. This also is not so in my judgment. It is
evident at least in relation to No. 61, that Madam Loh viewed the security of
having a house to reside in as being the critical provision she wished to make
for the beneficiaries in question, rather than giving some of them the right
to access the proceeds of its sale over the objections of others.

74 In the final analysis, I am left with the impression that Madam Loh, was a
well-intentioned mother who, above all, wanted to guarantee her children a
place to reside in. She took much care to express her intentions in her will.
In my judgment, her intentions in relation to No. 59 and No. 61 were not
identical. She did intend that No. 61 should not be sold as long as any of the
beneficiaries wished to use it as a residence. In the present circumstances,
it was not argued and also was not necessary for me to decide whether the
position would be different if none of the beneficiaries in fact wished to use
the premises as a residence. I therefore do not decide this point. However, as
long as any of the beneficiaries are using and do wish to use the premises as
a residence, I do not consider the court has power under s 56(1) of the Act to
authorise the sale of the property.

**Conclusion**

75 In the premises, it is not necessary to proceed further to decide whether
the reasons cited by Nellie for selling No. 61 are valid or not. The
application for this court to sanction the sale of No. 61 is denied. I will
hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

