Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Poh Kwee Eng v Hua Goi Co. (Pte) Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 235

Case Number | : | Suit 331/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Srinivasan and G Prasanna Devi (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; M P Rai (Cooma & Rai) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Poh Kwee Eng — Hua Goi Co. (Pte) Ltd   
  
Employment Law – Employers’ duties – Whether employer was in breach of
statutory duties to ensure that hoisting system was of good mechanical
construction, sound material and adequate strength and properly maintained
-Sections 29 and 33 Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Negligence – Whether employer breached duty to provide safe system of
work – Sections 29 and 33 Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

21 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The 55-year-old female plaintiff is currently unemployed. Between April 2004
and August 2004, she was employed as a packer by the defendant in its factory
premises at 172 Tagore Lane, Singapore (“the site”). On 27 August 2004, she
sustained serious injuries as a result of a fall while working at the site and
has not resumed work since then. The accident is the subject of this trial on
liability.

The plaintiff’s case

2 The site is a 3-storey intermediate terrace unit with a driveway at its
front. At the material time, the first storey was used as a storage area for
big rolls of pre-printed paper used for the manufacture of gaming cards. The
second storey, which housed a small office, was used for production work which
involved the cutting of the gaming cards into the final product size and the
packaging of the finished products. The third storey was used for production
work involving the printing and pasting of a layer of backing paper to the
pre-printed gaming cards and the cutting of the same into smaller sizes.

3 The front of the second storey had an opening with a metal folding door.
There was also a metal gate between this door and the edge. A metal platform
protruding some 57cm outwards was erected across the entire length of the
door. The front portion of the third storey was similar to that of the second
storey save for the absence of a metal platform across the opening. The metal
gates on both levels comprised four panels, with the two middle ones opening
outwards and protruding from the external wall of the site. The two middle
panels could be latched together when the gates were closed while the two end
panels could be latched to the floor.

4 The usual sequence of work at the site involved the big rolls of paper being
hoisted up from the first storey to the third storey for processing. After the
work on these rolls was done, the cut paper would be loaded into a cage on the
third storey which would then be hoisted down to the second storey.

5 The cage was attached to the hoisting system by a single hook. The hoisting
system allowed the cage to be hoisted up and down and to move horizontally
into and out of the site at the third storey. The cage’s movements were
controlled by four directional buttons on a wired mechanical control.

6 The plaintiff worked on the third storey with a male worker called Ah Cai.
Their duties were to monitor the general operations of the machinery used for
the pasting of the backing paper and the cutting process. This involved
stepping a pedal to activate the cutting blade of the machine and refilling
the glue and ink tanks. Their duties also included the operation of the
hoisting system to move the goods in the cage to the second storey. When the
plaintiff entered the employ of the defendant, Ah Cai taught her how to
operate the mechanical control. When she had to operate the hoisting system,
she would first open the two middle panels of the metal gates on the third
storey so that the cage could pass through the opening. She would then
activate the “UP” button on the mechanical control until the cage was lifted
to the highest possible level. She would next activate the “OUT” button to
move the cage out of the third storey and then the “DOWN” button to lower it
to the second storey where another worker would pull it in from the metal
platform and unload the goods.

7 Once the unloading on the second storey was completed, a worker there would
shout to the plaintiff who would then activate the “UP” button to bring the
cage back up to the third storey. As the empty cage was lifted up, it would
swing randomly. When it reached the third storey, it would usually knock the
metal gates since the opening there was not much wider than the cage’s
dimensions. In such a case, the plaintiff would need to walk up to the metal
gates to align the cage manually before continuing with the operation. While
aligning the cage with one hand, she would use the other to activate the “IN”
button, thereby returning the cage to the third storey’s interior.

8 On 27 August 2004, she had to load some goods in the cage and hoist it down
to the second storey. Ah Cai was absent that day and another female worker was
therefore assigned to help her on the third storey. That other worker left the
third storey at about 4pm and thereafter, the plaintiff was the only one on
the third storey.

9 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the plaintiff affirmed the
following after they were read over and explained to her in Mandarin:

27 After the goods had been unloaded onto the 2nd storey and on the
instructions of the staff on the 2nd storey, I proceeded to hoist the Cage
back onto the 3rd storey.

28 Thereafter, I am unable to remember what had happened but awoke several
days later to find myself warded in Tan Tock Seng Hospital (“TTSH”). It was
only then that I realised I was involved in an accident. I was informed that I
had fallen from the 3rd storey of the Premises onto the 1st storey during the
course of work as described in Paragraph 27 above.

29 The son of my boss, whom the other workers had addressed as Ah Heng,
visited me after I was transferred to Ang Mo Kio Community Hospital. There and
then I asked him what had happened and he told me that one of the bolts of the
Cage had broken causing the Cage to fall from the 3rd storey to the 1st
storey. I had also fallen together with the Cage.

30 As I was then working alone on the 3rd storey, none of my colleagues were
able to tell me what had happened except for the fact that the Cage and I had
fallen from the 3rd storey.

31 I wish to also inform the Court that no personal safety equipment were
issued to me and that there were no protective fencing or guardrail
provided/put in place, preventing me from falling from height.

10 In cross-examination in court, she said she was sitting on a chair while
operating the hoist to bring the loaded cage down. She did not know what
caused her to fall from the third storey. In re-examination, she said that she
could not recall whether the cage was going up or down when it fell. She was
sitting on a chair about five feet away from the opening on the third storey
operating the mechanical control. She did not know whether anything dragged
her down. She did not walk to the opening. Somehow, the cage fell and she did
not know what happened thereafter.

11 During cross-examination of the plaintiff, the defence put it to her that
Ah Heng did not tell her what she alleged he did in para 29 of her affidavit
of evidence-in-chief. She maintained that he did. She agreed that she did not
tell Dr V K Pillay about what Ah Heng said when she was reviewed by him in
February and April 2006. She denied having told Ah Heng after the fall that it
was the Chinese Hungry Ghost month and that she had felt someone push her.
Asked about the dimensions of the cage, she estimated that it came up to her
chest in height. It was also put to her that if she had followed the system of
hoisting the cage taught to her, the accident would not have happened. Her
retort was that she was not taught by the boss’s son but by colleagues. She
disagreed that there were banging sounds against the external wall of the site
before the cage and she fell from the third storey.

The defendant’s case

12 The defendant originally had two witnesses who had filed their affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. One was the said Ah Heng (or Bay Puay Him) and the other
was Raj Singh s/o Karnail Singh, engaged as an expert witness to make an
independent assessment about the accident. At the start of the trial, counsel
for the plaintiff objected to the expert witness as the report was only served
on the plaintiff on 18 October 2006. Further, the plaintiff had no inkling
that an expert was going to be called as the defendant had indicated at the
summons for directions that none would be called. The plaintiff would have
called her own expert if she had known the true position. After some
submissions, counsel for the defence decided to withdraw the expert’s evidence
but the photographs of the cage and the site taken by him in July 2006 were
admitted without objection.

13 At the conclusion of the plaintiff’s case, the defendant elected not to
call evidence and submitted that there was no case to answer.

The defendant’s submissions

14 The defendant argued that the plaintiff had pleaded a specific case to
establish negligence and/or breach of a statutory duty under the Factories Act
(Cap 104, 1998 Ed). She was bound by her pleadings and bore the burden of
proving all the facts pleaded. Failure to produce the requisite evidence or
introduction of contradictory evidence would result in the burden being
undischarged and hence, a dismissal of the action. Paragraphs 7 to 10 of the
Statement of Claim averred:

7 Sometime on or around 27/8/04 (“the material day”) in the course of her
employment, the Plaintiff was hoisting some goods from the 3rd storey to the
2nd storey of the Premises by means of the Cage.

8 After the goods had been unloaded at the 2nd storey, the Plaintiff operated
the Control in order to hoist the Cage back to the 3rd storey.

9 When the Cage reached the 3rd storey and before the Plaintiff could
manoeuvre it into the 3rd storey, one of the bolts of the Cage suddenly broke
causing the Cage to fall from the 3rd storey to the ground level.

10 As a result of the accident, the Plaintiff fell a height of more than 6
metres from the 3rd storey onto the ground level and sustained multiple
injuries.

15 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff gave contradictory evidence and
has jettisoned her pleaded case and the evidence contained in her AEIC. She
was asking the court to conjecture and speculate about the cause of her fall.
The principle of _res ipsa loquitur_ was wholly inapplicable here. It applied
in situations where the occurrence of an incident was _prima facie_ consistent
with the want of care of the other party, the defendant, and did not apply
where the accident could conceivably have happened within any one of a number
of different permutations, some consistent with the defendant’s negligence and
some with the plaintiff’s negligence or even a combination of negligence on
the part of both parties (_see Cheong Ghim Fah v Murugian s/o Rangasamy_
[2004] 1 SLR 628).

16 Far from proving her pleaded case, the plaintiff had gone on to deny it.
All the equipment in question was under her sole control and management that
day and only she could tell us the cause of the cage and her falling. Her
evidence failed to show any negligence or breach of statutory duty on the
defendant’s part. The court has to act on evidence, not sympathy. It could not
speculate or make conjectures on the plaintiff’s behalf. It was submitted that
an adverse inference should be drawn against her for refusing to tell the
truth as to the events just before the accident and that she was not a
reliable or honest witness at all.

17 Many other aspects of her evidence were also unsupported and raised for the
first time in her AEIC. For instance, her allegation that it was her boss’ son
who told her how the accident occurred was raised for the first time in para
29 of her AEIC. It was not pleaded.

18 The plaintiff also failed to plead that the accident site was a “factory”
within the meaning of the Factories Act and no evidence was led to establish
this in any event. The Defence (at para 2) denied that the business premises
fell within the meaning of “factory” under the said Act. No evidence was
adduced to show breach of any statutory provision which led to the fall. There
was no requirement in law that special precaution should be taken in the
situation here where the plaintiff asserted that she was five feet away from
the opening in the 3rd storey. The only applicable provisions of the Factories
Act, if that Act applied, would be s 33(11) and (11A) but the defendant’s
procedure at the material time was expressly authorised by the Act.

The plaintiff’s submissions

19 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant was in breach of its statutory
and/or common law duty of care in the following ways.

(a) by failing to take any or adequate precautions or reasonable care for the
safety of the plaintiff while she was engaged in her work by not providing her
with appropriate safety equipment such as a safety belt or harness.

(b) by exposing the plaintiff to the risk of damage or injury while carrying
out her work by instructing or allowing her to work on the third storey
without any safety equipment when the metal gates were opened.

(c) by failing to take reasonable care to ensure that the hook or other parts
of the cage and the hoisting system were structurally sound and safe for use
and to conduct regular inspections to ensure that they were so.

(d) alternatively, by allowing the said equipment to fall into disrepair,
rendering it unsafe for use.

(e) by not having a safe system of work and proper supervision.

(f) by breaching s 29(1) and (2) and s 33(1)(a), (3), (7), (8), (9) and (10)
of the Factories Act.

20 The plaintiff also relied on the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_. She
submitted that her failure to recall how the accident happened after pressing
the buttons on the mechanical control could not be held against her as she had
suffered a traumatic fall from a height. The defendant was in a better
position to explain the accident. The reasonable inference to be drawn from
the evidence adduced was that she had gone to the edge of the third storey to
check the cage when it fell or or to align it when it hit the beam resulting
in her fall. Her work did require her to open and close the metal gates and to
align the cage, necessitating her presence at the edge of the opening. She has
shown that the cage fell and that fact was not disputed by the defendant as
seen in paragraphs 7 and 10(l) of the Defence.

21 Relying on _Nimmo v Alexander Cowan & Sons_ [1967] AC 107, the plaintiff
argued that a complainant only has to prove that the defendant had failed to
ensure, so far as he could reasonably do so, that the relevant premises were
safe and without risk to health. The onus would then move to the defendant to
prove that it was not reasonably practicable for him to eliminate the relevant
risk or that there was no better practicable means than that which was used.
In the present case, the plaintiff has proved that the premises were unsafe
and the onus was now on the defendant to show the steps he had taken on the
issue. Similarly, our Court of Appeal in _Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing
Construction & Engineering Co Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 677 has held (at [47]) that:

Having regard to the object and purpose of the Factories Act, the burden is on
the occupier of the premises to show that he has taken all reasonable steps to
make and keep the place of work safe for anyone working there. Only the
occupier has the requisite knowledge and expertise in respect of such matters,
and is in a position to ensure compliance with the Act.

22 A submission of no case to answer could succeed if either the plaintiff’s
evidence, at face value, did not establish a case in law or the evidence led
by the plaintiff was so unsatisfactory or unreliable that his burden of proof
had not been discharged (see _Bansal Hermant Govindprasad and Anor v Central
Bank of India and Anor_ [2003] 2 SLR 33, a decision of our Court of Appeal).

The decision of the court

23 The Factories Act has since been repealed but it was the applicable statute
in 2004. Section 6 defines a “factory” thus:

6(1) Subject to this section, “factory” means any premises in which, or within
the close or cartilage or precincts of which, persons are employed in manual
labour in any process for or incidental to any of the following purposes:

(a) the making of any article or of part of any article;

(b) the altering, repairing, ornamenting, finishing, cleaning, or washing, or
the breaking up or demolition of any article; or

(c) the adapting for sale of any article,

being premises in which, or within the close or cartilage or precincts of
which, the work is carried on by way of trade or for purposes of gain and to
or over which the employer of the persons employed therein has the right of
access or control.

24 Although the Statement of Claim does not plead expressly that the
defendant’s premises constituted a factory within the meaning of the Factories
Act, paragraph 2 thereof refers to the defendant as the occupier of “the
3-storey _factory_ premises”. The subsequent paragraphs of the plaintiff’s
pleading allege breach of various provisions in that Act and there could be no
doubt that the plaintiff was effectively saying that the site was a “factory”
as defined above. That was why the Defence in paragraph 2 seeks to deny that
the site was a “factory” or that the Act and the regulations made thereunder
applied.

25 The plaintiff has described the work on the site and it appears clear to me
that the site is a “factory”, particularly as defined in s 6(1)(a). Her
evidence on this was not challenged in any way and the defendant has not
adduced anything that would put the site outside the statutory definition.

26 Section 29(1) and (2) of the Act state:

**29.** —(1) No hoist or lift shall be used unless —

(a) it is of good mechanical construction, sound material and adequate
strength, and is properly maintained;

(b) in the case of a lift, it has been tested and thoroughly examined before
installation by or on behalf of the manufacturer and a certificate of such
test and examination, specifying the safe working load and signed by or on
behalf of the manufacturer, shall be kept available for inspection; and

(c) it has been tested and examined by an approved person after installation
and a certificate of such test and examination, specifying the safe working
load and signed by the approved person, shall be kept available for
inspection.

(2) Every hoist or lift shall be thoroughly examined at least once in every 6
months by an approved person and a report of the result of every such
examination in the prescribed form shall be prepared in duplicate signed by
the person making the examination.

27 Section 33(1) to (11A) of the Act provide as follows:

**33.** —(1) All places of work, floors, steps, stairs, passages, gangways and
means of access shall —

(a) be of sound construction and properly maintained; and

(b) so far as it is reasonably practicable, be kept free from any obstruction
and from any substance likely to cause persons to slip.

(2) All openings in floors shall be securely fence except in so far as the
nature of the work renders such fencing impracticable.

(3) There shall, so far as is reasonably practicable, be provided and
maintained safe means of access to and egress from every place at which any
person has at any time to work and every such place shall, so far as is
reasonably practicable, be made and kept safe for any person working there.

(4) For every staircase in a building or affording a means of exit from a
building, a substantial handrail shall be provided and maintained, which, if
the staircase has an open side, shall be on that side, and, in the case of a
staircase having 2 open sides, such a handrail shall be provided and
maintained on both sides.

(4A) Any open side of a staircase shall be guarded by the provision and
maintenance of a lower rail or other effective means.

(5) All ladders shall be —

(a) soundly constructed and properly maintained; and

(b) securely fixed, or held by a person, to prevent them from slipping.

(6) Sufficient clear and unobstructed space shall be maintained at every
machine while in motion to enable the work to be carried on without
unnecessary risk.

(7) Where any person has to work at a place from which he would be liable to
fall a distance of more than 3 metres or into any substance which is likely to
cause drowning or asphyxiation, a secure foothold and handhold shall be
provided so far as practicable at the place for ensuring his safety.

(8) Where it is not practicable to provide a secure foothold and handhold as
required under subsection (7), other suitable means such as a safety belt and
fencing shall be provided for ensuring the safety of every person working at
such places.

(9) Where a safety belt is provided pursuant to subsection (8), there shall be
sufficient and secured anchorage, by means of life line or otherwise for the
safety belt, and the anchorage shall not be lower than the level of the
working position of the person wearing the safety belt.

(10) No person shall require, permit or direct any person to work at a place
from which he would be liable to fall a distance of more than 3 metres or into
any substance which is likely to cause drowning or asphyxiation unless the
requirements of subsection (7) or (8) have been complied with.

(11) Every teagle opening or similar doorway used for hoisting or lowering
goods or materials, whether by mechanical power or otherwise, shall be
securely fenced, and shall be provided with a secure handhold on each side of
the opening or doorway.

(11A) The fencing shall be properly maintained and shall, except when the
hoisting or lowering of goods or materials is being carried on at the opening
or doorway, be kept in position.

28 The objective facts are that the heavy metal cage which the plaintiff was
controlling at work fell from a height and that the plaintiff also fell,
together with the cage or immediately thereafter. She was working on the third
storey of the defendant’s premises at a height of more than 3 metres.

29 The plaintiff has given uncontroverted evidence as to her system of work
and that her fellow worker had taught her how to operate the hoisting system.
She has also testified (in para 24 of her AEIC and in court) that the cage
tended to move sideways and hit the metal gates and that in such a situation,
she was required to walk to the metal gates, which would be open then, to
manually align the cage before continuing with the operation. The defendant
has not adduced any evidence that this was not what she had been taught or
that the routine was different from what she had described.

30 Unfortunately, the plaintiff is unable to recall the events leading to her
fall in the afternoon of 27 August 2004. The last thing she remembered was
operating the hoist, either to bring the cage up or down, and being seated on
a chair some 5 feet away from the opening. The next thing she knew was waking
up in hospital several days later. It would appear that whatever she knew
about the fall was a reconstruction of the events through third parties.

31 We do know that the cage, suspended as it were from a single chain with a
movable metal hook, is capable of swinging from side to side and of rotating
around the hook, even without any wind. Common sense and experience testify to
this. So do the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s photographs taken of the cage
in motion. The plaintiff’s evidence about having to walk up to stabilize the
cage is therefore entirely credible.

32 Did the cage fall away from the hook? Did it come plunging down together
with the hook and chain attached? These are matters within the knowledge of
the defendant as the plaintiff was rendered unconscious by the fall. If we are
imaginative enough, we could always conjure up some possibility why the
plaintiff could have fallen. Counsel for the defendant in cross-examination
even suggested the possibility of some spiritual force at work. In the absence
of evidence to the contrary, I think common sense should prevail and common
sense dictates that the plaintiff must have fallen when she walked up to
stabilize the moving cage by holding onto it just before it plunged to the
ground, dragging her along with it suddenly. There is no evidence to suggest
that she was suicidal and had deliberately unhooked or otherwise caused the
cage to fall. If the cage was intact and nothing on it was broken, only the
defendant knew. It could easily have put in photographs or some evidence that
the cage was examined and found to have no mechanical or structural fault
whatsoever. Instead, it chose silence. The photographs that it adduced in
court were all taken almost 2 years after the incident. They do not help to
explain why the cage fell.

33 Having established these facts, what then was the duty that the defendant
breached? In my view, it was the failure to ensure that the hoisting system,
particularly the cage, was of good mechanical construction, sound material and
adequate strength and was properly maintained (see s 29(1) Factories Act) and
in failing to ensure a safe system of work. As I have stated, we know that
suspended heavy equipment fell dragging the plaintiff along with it while she
was trying to stabilize it. In normal circumstances, it would not have fallen
suddenly if something had not given way. There was no suggestion of any foul
play by anyone. The defendant was aware of the way things were being done on
the third level and that that system of work was being passed from worker to
worker. The worker had to come into contact with the cage regularly although
there was a remote control. Therefore, if some part of the cage broke, the
worker could be injured. That happened in this case, fortunately not with
fatal consequences.

34 I do not think there were breaches of the other provisions of the Act, in
particular, s 33 as pleaded. The gates had to be open while the hoisting
system was being worked. There were gates to prevent workers from falling when
the cage was not being used. There was a secure foothold and handhold and
therefore no question of having a safety belt arose. The plaintiff would not
have fallen if the system of work did not demand that she walk up to the
moving cage to stabilize it and if the cage had been mechanically sound.

35 For the above reasons, I find that the plaintiff succeeds in her action
against the defendant. However, as she was not altogether successful in
establishing liability on the various grounds pleaded, I order that she be
awarded 85% costs in respect of the trial on liability. There is to be
interlocutory judgment for the plaintiff with damages to be assessed. The
costs of the assessment are reserved for the registrar conducting the
assessment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

