Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Attorney-General v Chee Soon Juan  
[2006] SGHC 54

Case Number | : | OS 285/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Seiu Kin, Teh Hwee Hwee and Dominic Zou (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; M Ravi and Violet Netto (M Ravi & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Attorney-General — Chee Soon Juan   
  
Contempt of Court – Criminal contempt – Respondent reading out statement
alleging court's partiality and bias before assistant registrar in bankruptcy
hearing and then circulating such statement to media – Whether respondent's
conduct amounting to contempt "in the face of the court" by scandalising court
in assistant registrar's presence – Whether defences of fair comment or
justification applicable to acts of contempt – Appropriate sentence for such
contempt of court  
  

31 March 2006

Lai Siu Chiu J:

**Introduction**

1 This was an application by the Attorney-General (“the Applicant”) seeking an
order of committal against Chee Soon Juan (“the Respondent”) for contempt of
court.[note: 1] Another court had on 16 February 2006 granted the Applicant
leave under O 52 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) to apply for the order of committal.

2 The Applicant alleged that the Respondent was guilty of contempt on two
counts: first, that he acted in contempt “in the face of the court” at the
hearing of the Bankruptcy Petition No 38 of 2006 against him before Assistant
Registrar Low Siew Ling (“AR Low”) on 10 February 2006 (“the bankruptcy
hearing”), and second, that he acted in contempt of the court by scandalising
the Singapore judiciary through his statement entitled “Statement of Chee Soon
Juan submitted to the High Court, Singapore at the Bankruptcy Petition hearing
on 10 February 2006” (“the bankruptcy statement”).

3 After the bankruptcy hearing, the Respondent read and distributed the
bankruptcy statement to media representatives outside the courtroom and
purportedly copied the document to 59 persons and organisations in Singapore
and elsewhere. In addition, a slightly amended version of the bankruptcy
statement (“the online version”) appeared on a website that was related to the
Respondent. The website of the Singapore Democratic Party, of which the
Respondent is the secretary-general, provided a hyperlink to the uniform
resource locator (or “URL”) of the online version.

4 The bankruptcy statement, _inter alia_ , alleged that the Singapore
judiciary was biased and unfair, and that it acted at the instance of the
Government or conspired with the Government in cases involving opposition
politicians. The Respondent further alleged that he and other opposition
politicians had suffered grave injustice because the Singapore judiciary was
not independent and had compromised the law in order to gain favour with the
Government. In addition, he insinuated that judges were controlled by the
Government and were removed from the Bench if they were perceived to be
lenient towards opposition politicians.

**Issues**

5 The following issues were raised in these proceedings:

(a)  Was there contempt “in the face of the court” and contempt by
“scandalising the court”?

(b)  Can the Applicant initiate contempt proceedings or must it be done by the
court itself?

(c)  Must a contemnor be given prior warning before he can be cited by the
court for contempt of court?

(d)  Does the offence of scandalising the court violate the right to freedom
of speech enshrined in Art 14(1)(_a_) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”)?

(e)  Are the defences of fair comment and justification in the law of
defamation applicable to the offence of scandalising the court?

**_Contempt in the face of the court_**

6 The Applicant had alleged in the originating summons that the Respondent had
committed “contempt in the face of the court” through his actions before AR
Low. I shall first address the issue of whether hearings in chambers before an
assistant registrar are hearings before a “court” for the purposes of the
doctrine of contempt “in the face of the court”. This question can be sub-
divided into two separate issues:

(a)  whether the doctrine of contempt in the face of the court only applies to
hearings in open court as opposed to hearings in chambers; and

(b)  whether the office of an assistant registrar, by its nature, precludes an
assistant registrar hearing matters from being a “court” within the meaning of
“contempt in the face of the court”.

7 It cannot be denied that contemptuous acts committed before an assistant
registrar amount to contempt _of_ court which a court can punish even if the
acts do not amount to contempt _in_ court. Oswald in his treatise (_Oswald’s
Contempt of Court_ (Butterworth & Co, 3rd Ed, 1910) at pp 13–14) rightly
observed that acts of contempt committed before judges of the High Court in
chambers and masters (who are the equivalent of registrars in our local
context), are cognisable and punishable by the court to which the judges or
masters are attached. This is based on the established proposition that “those
who have duties to discharge in a court of justice are protected by the law,
and shielded on their way to the discharge of such duties, while discharging
them, and on their return therefrom” (_per_ Bowen LJ in _In re Johnson_ (1887)
20 QBD 68 at 74). Acts of interference with proceedings before a master (or an
assistant registrar in our local context) would be punishable by the High
Court since these judicial officers are in effect conducting the “business of
the Court” and are therefore entitled to the court’s protection (_The King v
Almon_ (1765) Wilm 243 at 269; 97 ER 94 at 105; see also _Ex parte Wilton_
(1842) 1 Dowl NS 805 at 807).

8 The question of whether contemptuous acts before an assistant registrar are
contemptuous acts “in the face of the court” depends in part on whether
proceedings in chambers are necessarily precluded from being proceedings in
“court”. There is no question that the phrase “in the face of the court”
includes contemptuous acts committed before a judge in open court.

9 Historically, the common law drew a distinction between acts of contempt in
the face of the court (contempt _in facie curiae_) and acts of contempt
outside the court (contempt _ex facie curiae_). The jurisdiction of _inferior_
courts of record to summarily punish contempt without a jury was restricted to
punishment of acts of contempt in the face of the court and not outside the
court (_The Queen v Lefroy_ (1873) LR 8 QB 134). Conversely, _superior_ courts
of record such as the High Court had the jurisdiction to punish for contempt
both _in facie curiae_ and _ex facie curiae_.

10 For the purposes of the doctrine of contempt _in_ _facie curiae_ , no
distinction should be drawn for proceedings in chambers and those in open
court. The interest in the administration of justice is equally strong in
ensuring the expeditious disposal of both categories of hearing. There can be
no justification for the argument that proceedings in open court are more
“worthy” of protection than those in chambers. As was recognised by the
Committee of British Section of the International Commission of Jurists headed
by Lord Shawcross in their Report on Contempt of Court (1959) (at p 19), “it
is largely fortuitous whether any given cause is determined in chambers or in
open court”. This is reflected in O 32 r 14 of the Rules, which confers on the
presiding judge the general discretion to hear a matter either in chambers or
in open court. A judge in chambers and in open court has the same inherent
powers, one of which is the power to punish acts of contempt committed before
him.

11 Accordingly, the common law doctrine of “contempt in the face of the court”
applies to both proceedings in chambers and in open court; a judge sitting in
chambers is therefore also a “court” for the purposes of the doctrine.

12 As an AR’s powers are derived from those of a High Court judge in chambers,
his powers are indistinguishable. The similarities between the jurisdiction of
an assistant registrar and of a judge in chambers are evident from a reading
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) and
the Rules. Section 62(1) read with s 2 of the SCJA establishes that ARs of the
Supreme Court have such powers as are prescribed by the Rules. According to O
32 r 9(1) read with O 1 r 4(1) of the Rules, an assistant registrar has the
_same powers and jurisdiction_ as a judge in chambers.

13 Viewed in that light, an assistant registrar performs the same judicial
functions as a judge in chambers, and his or her office therefore possesses
the same characteristics and is of the same nature as that of a judge in
chambers. That being the case, an assistant registrar in chambers has the
equivalent stature of being a “court”. Thus, for the purposes of contempt _in
facie curiae_ , no conceptual distinction should be drawn between an assistant
registrar and a judge in chambers when deciding whether acts of contempt
directed at these respective officers are acts “in the face of the court”.

14 Consequently, an assistant registrar hearing matters in chambers is treated
as a “court” to which the doctrine of contempt _in facie curiae_ applies. As
was rightly observed by Lord Denning MR in _Attorney-General v British
Broadcasting Corporation_ [1981] AC 303 at 313:

To my mind, the immunities and protections which are accorded to the
recognised courts of the land should be extended to _all tribunals or bodies
which have equivalent characteristics_. After all, _if the principles are good
for the old, so they should be good for the new_. [emphasis added]

15 Mr Ravi representing the Respondent had submitted that his client’s conduct
was not tantamount to contempt “in the face of the court” because the
assistant registrar did not find the Respondent’s conduct disruptive of
proceedings. He relied on extracts from C J Miller’s textbook, _Contempt of
Court_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed 2000) at para 4.19 in support. On the
contrary, he submitted, the Respondent had, in a respectful and non-disruptive
manner at the bankruptcy hearing, read out to AR Low the bankruptcy statement
which he had tendered as his submissions.

16 Disruptive behaviour was indeed one example cited in Miller’s textbook of
what amounted to contempt “in the face of the court”. Another illustration in
Miller’s textbook of contempt “in the face of the court” (at para 4.27) was
“insulting or disrespectful behaviour _even though it falls short of being
physically obstructive_ ” [emphasis added].

17 The notes of evidence recorded by AR Low at the bankruptcy hearing
contained the following extracts:

Court: Do you admit the debts?

Respondent: I refuse to answer any questions. I have a statement to make.

After the Respondent had tendered the bankruptcy statement to AR Low, the
notes of evidence further recorded:

Respondent: I believe I am in this situation right now because of the process
of the courts. Before you adjudicate on this matter [Reads from four-page
statement (the bankruptcy statement)].

I rejected his counsel’s submission. I agreed with the Second Solicitor-
General (“the SSG”) who appeared for the Applicant, that in refusing to answer
any questions posed by AR Low and then reading in court the bankruptcy
statement that contained passages which scandalised the Judiciary, the
Respondent displayed a defiance that was aimed at interfering with the
authority and proper functioning of the court, and at impairing the public’s
respect and confidence in the Judiciary.

**_Can the Applicant initiate contempt proceedings?_**

18 During the proceedings, counsel for the Respondent raised a preliminary
objection that the Applicant had no _locus standi_ to initiate proceedings for
contempt “in the face of the court”. He contended that (a) such proceedings
could only be initiated by AR Low and (b) AR Low should have dealt with the
contempt summarily on 10 February 2006.

19 Mr Ravi’s arguments were again misconceived. The Applicant is the
government’s legal officer. As the Respondent’s contempt arose from his
conduct during court proceedings (and continued outside the Supreme Court
Building), these proceedings could justifiably be commenced by the Applicant.
I find it strange that counsel would argue that AR Low should have dealt with
the Respondent’s contempt of court summarily, as his own client took a
contrary view. When the Respondent addressed the court, he argued that he was
entitled to a fair trial and he should be allowed to call witnesses to support
his defence that there was no contempt.

20 Order 52 r 5(1) of the Rules states:

Subject to paragraph (2), the Court hearing an application for an order of
committal may sit in private in the following cases:

(_a_) where the application arises out of proceedings relating to the wardship
or adoption of an infant …

(_b_) where the application arises out of proceedings relating to a person
suffering or appearing to be suffering from mental disorder …

(_c_) where the application arises out of proceedings in which a secret
process, discovery or invention was in issue; and

(_d_) where it appears to the Court that in the interests of the
administration of justice or for reasons of national security the application
should be heard in private,

_but, except as aforesaid, the application shall be heard in open Court_.

[emphasis added]

The hearing before me was therefore in compliance with O 52 r 5(1). I had, in
accordance with O 52 r 5(4), also allowed the Respondent to address the court
personally, after his counsel had concluded submissions on his behalf. As was
pointed out by the SSG, O 52 of the Rules makes no distinction between
procedures governing “contempt of court” and “contempt in the face of the
court”.

**_Must a contemnor be first warned before he is cited for contempt of
court?_**

21 Contrary to the argument tendered by the Respondent’s counsel, there is no
requirement in O 52 of the Rules or at common law that a court, in whose face
an act of contempt is committed, must first warn the alleged contemnor that he
will be cited for contempt if he does not curb his contemptuous behaviour.
What the textbook authorities do say (including David Eady & A T H Smith,
_Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005), Nigel
Lowe & Brenda Sufrin, _Borrie & Lowe,_ _The Law of Contempt_ (Butterworths,
3rd Ed, 1996) and Miller’s _Contempt of Court_ ([15] _supra_)) is that a court
summarily citing a person for contempt must give him the right to _reply_ to
the charge, before finding him liable of the offence.

**_Does the offence of scandalising the court violate the right to freedom of
speech?_**

_The offence of scandalising the court_

22 The offence of scandalising the court is one of the recognised classes of
contempt of court. The _locus classicus_ is _The Queen v Gray_ [1900] 2 QB 36
where it was said (by Lord Russell of Killowen CJ at 40) that the class of
contempt referred to as “scandalising a Court” is committed by “[a]ny act done
or writing published calculated to bring a Court or a judge of the Court into
contempt, or to lower his authority”. Another class of contempt of court was
“any act done or writing published calculated to obstruct or interfere with
the due course of justice or the lawful process of the Courts” (_ibid_).

23 As a preliminary observation, case law from the Commonwealth cited by
counsel for the Respondent and in particular recent jurisprudence from the UK
had to be treated with considerable caution because of the differing
legislation in those countries. To begin with, the position in UK has become
statutorily regulated by the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (c 49) (“the 1981 UK
Act”). Admittedly, the UK position on scandalising the court still falls to be
regulated by the common law since the 1981 UK Act does not address the offence
of scandalising the court. I should point out, however, that the UK’s
accession to the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms
(“the European Convention”) has indirectly incorporated the jurisprudence of
the European Court of Human Rights (“the European Court”) and pegs the UK
position on the offence of scandalising the court to the standard imposed by
the European Convention.

24 The case of _Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1974] AC 273 shows
conflicts have arisen between the common law on contempt and the UK’s
obligation under the European Convention to protect the right of freedom of
expression, with the former involving more extensive incursions on the freedom
of expression than the European Court felt that the European Convention
allowed (see also _Sunday Times v United Kingdom_ (1979) 2 EHRR 245). The
enactment of the UK Human Rights Act 1998 (c 42) further entrenches the
influence which the European Convention has since had on the development of UK
common law.

25 Conditions unique to Singapore necessitate that we deal more firmly with
attacks on the integrity and impartiality of our courts. To begin with, the
geographical size of Singapore renders its courts more susceptible to
unjustified attacks. In the words of the Privy Council in _Ahnee v Director of
Public Prosecutions_ [1999] 2 AC 294 at 305–306:

In England [proceedings for scandalising the court] are rare and none has been
successfully brought for more than 60 years. But it is permissible to take
into account that on a small island such as Mauritius the administration of
justice is more vulnerable than in the United Kingdom. _The need for the
offence of scandalizing the court on a small island is greater_ … [emphasis
added]

26 Further, in Singapore, judges decide both questions of law and fact, unlike
in the UK where questions of fact are left to the jury. As explained by T S
Sinnathuray J in _AG v_ _Wain_ [1991] SLR 383 (“ _Wain_ ’s case”) (at 394,
[34]), the fact that the administration of justice in Singapore is “wholly in
the hands of judges” must weigh heavily in the application of the law of
contempt here; any attacks on a judge’s impartiality must be “firmly dealt
with” (_ibid_).

27 As rightly pointed out by Yong Pung How CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997]
3 SLR 382 (at [13]–[14]):

The power to punish for contempt of court allows a court to deal with conduct
which would adversely affect the administration of justice. _Clearly, courts
in different jurisdictions may hold different ideas about the principles to be
adhered to in their administration of justice, and correspondingly about the
sort of conduct which may be inimical to the effective administration of
justice._ …

… I do not think it would be useful or practicable in this case to adopt
blindly the attitudes evinced by the English courts. _We must ask ourselves
what is important to us here in Singapore_.

[emphasis added]

_The constitutionality of the offence of scandalising the court_

28 The gravamen of the argument put forward by counsel for the Respondent as
his client’s defence was that the Respondent was exercising his right to
freedom of speech under Art 14 of the Constitution. Contrary to the
Respondent’s thinking, however, there is no right of _absolute_ freedom of
speech in Art 14 of the Constitution. The right to free speech there enshrined
is expressly subject to sub-para (2)(_a_), which stipulates certain
permissible restrictions on this right. The relevant parts of Art 14 read:

(1) Subject to clauses  _(2)_ and (3) —

(_a_) every citizen of Singapore has the right to freedom of speech and
expression;

…

(2) Parliament may by law impose —

(_a_) on the rights conferred by clause (1)(_a_), _such restrictions as it
considers necessary or expedient_ in the interest of the security of Singapore
or any part thereof, friendly relations with other countries, public order or
morality _and restrictions designed_ to protect the privileges of Parliament
or _to provide against contempt of court_ , defamation, or incitement to any
offence;

…

[emphasis added]

29 The offence of scandalising the court falls within the category of
exceptions from the right to free speech expressly stipulated in Art
14(2)(_a_). Article 14(2)(_a_) clearly confers Parliament with the power to
restrict a person’s right of free speech in order to punish acts of contempt.
Pursuant to Art 14, Parliament has, by way of s 7(1) of the SCJA, empowered
the High Court and the Court of Appeal with jurisdiction to punish for
“contempt of court”. These provisions amount to statutory recognition of the
common law misdemeanour of contempt of court: (see _Wain_ ’s case ([26]
_supra_) at 394, [35]). This power under s 7(1) of the SCJA to punish for
contempt would undoubtedly extend to the offence of scandalising the court as
that is a form of contempt recognised by Singapore law (_AG v Wong Hong Toy_
[1982–1983] SLR 398; _AG v Zimmerman_ [1984–1985] SLR 814). The Respondent’s
submissions on this point were therefore entirely devoid of merit.

**_The Respondent’s liability for scandalising the court_**

30 The position in Singapore regarding the offence of scandalising the court
is well settled. Any publication which alleges bias, _lack of impartiality_ ,
impropriety or any wrongdoing concerning a judge in the exercise of his
judicial function falls within the offence of scandalising the court: _Wain_
’s case at 397, [49]. A number of local cases including _AG v Pang Cheng Lian_
[1972–1974] SLR 658, _AG v Wong Hong Toy_ and _AG v Zimmerman_ have
established that mounting unfounded attacks on the integrity of the Judiciary
or making allegations of bias and lack of partiality, is contempt of court.

31 Liability for scandalising the court does not depend on proof that the
allegedly contemptuous publication creates a “real risk” of prejudicing the
administration of justice; it is sufficient to prove that the words complained
of have the “inherent tendency to interfere with the administration of
justice” (_per_ Sinnathuray J in _Wain_ ’s case at 397, [50]). In addition,
the offence is also one of strict liability; the right to fair criticism is
exceeded and a contempt of court is committed so long as the statement in
question impugns the integrity and impartiality of the court, _even if it is
not so intended_ (see _AG v Lingle_ [1995] 1 SLR 696 at 701, [13]).

32 With these principles in mind, I turn to the bankruptcy statement, which
started off with this comment:

After much observation and having personally gone through the judicial
process, I cannot but come to the conclusion that my case has not received the
justice that it is entitled to; it has been crippled right from the beginning.

33 The bankruptcy statement also contained the following passages:

It is well-known that Singapore has detention without trial. Now it seems that
we also have defamation without trial.

…

The above have been but a small sample of instances showing the lack of
independence and fairness of our judicial system.

34 After citing defamation actions involving other opposition politicians and
quoting comments made by Amnesty International, the International Commission
of Jurists, and the New York City Bar Association, the bankruptcy statement
added:

Our own former solicitor-general, Mr. Francis Seow said, “the
judiciary…contort themselves into obscene positions to favour...the
government.”

…

Through the decades opposition politicians have been, and continue to be,
hounded, persecuted, and prosecuted by the PAP through the courts. … Today I
have made the decision not to remain silent any more and tell you what you
don’t want to hear: That the judiciary in Singapore is, sadly, not independent
especially when it comes to dealing with opposition politicians.

I wish I didn’t have to do this. I wish I could say that my country’s judicial
system is independent and fair. But I can’t because that would be a lie.

35 To prove that the bankruptcy statement contained fair criticism, the SSG
submitted that the Respondent must but failed to establish that:

(a) the statements were fair and made in good faith;

(b) _he did not impute improper motives or impugn the integrity, propriety and
impartiality of judges or the courts_ ;

(c) he did not cast aspersions on the personal character of a judge; and

(d) he was genuinely exercising a right of criticism and not acting
irresponsibly, in malice or attempting to impair the administration of
justice.

36 I agreed with the SSG. These various passages from the bankruptcy statement
showed how the Respondent had blatantly accused the Singapore judiciary of
favouring the interests of the Government and of failing to discharge its
functions impartially. The allegations of bias mounted against the entire
Judiciary were unequivocal and clearly attempted to impugn the integrity of
the court. To use the words of the English Court in _The King v Davies_ [1906]
1 KB 32 at 40, the Respondent’s bankruptcy statement was calculated to “excite
in the minds of the people a general dissatisfaction with all judicial
determinations”. To my mind, it was beyond all reasonable doubt that such acts
constituted an offence of scandalising the court.

37 Counsel had relied on _The King v Nicholls_ (1911) 12 CLR 280 for his
submission that the Respondent was not guilty of scandalising the Judiciary as
the making and publication of the bankruptcy statement was not calculated to
obstruct or interfere with the course of justice or the due administration of
the law (quoting from the headnote of the case). He pointed out that AR Low
had already made the bankruptcy order against the Respondent who had also
elected not to exercise his right of appeal. Consequently, there was nothing
pending before the court that could be obstructed or interfered with by the
Respondent.

38 Counsel, however, had selectively quoted from the headnote of _The King v
Nicholls_. The complete headnote reads as follows:

Statements made concerning a Judge of the High Court do not constitute a
contempt of the High Court _unless they are calculated to obstruct or
interfere with the course of justice, or the due administration of the law, in
the High Court_. [emphasis added]

39 Counsel’s perceived need for pending proceedings was completely spurious.
The offence of contempt of court is established when conduct tends to
obstruct, prejudice or abuse the administration of justice “either in relation
to a particular case or generally” (_AG v Wong Hong Toy_ ([29] _supra_) at
402, [20]). It follows from this that publications attacking judges in their
judicial capacity are instances of contempt of court even though proceedings
are not pending: _Public Prosecutor v S R N Palaniappan_ [1949] MLJ 246 at
248.

40 Notwithstanding the absence of any pending proceedings by or against the
Respondent, the fact remains that the statements made by the Respondent, in
impugning the entire Singapore judiciary, were calculated to prejudice the
future administration of law throughout all Singapore courts. That undoubtedly
amounted to an act of contempt.

41 Counsel for the Respondent had also relied on the following passage from
_The Queen v Gray_ ([22] _supra_ at 40):

[The] description of that class of contempt [characterised as “scandalising a
court or a judge”] is to be taken subject to one and an important
qualification. Judges and Courts are alike open to criticism, and _if
reasonable argument or expostulation is offered against any judicial act as
contrary to law or the public good, no Court could or would treat that as
contempt of Court._ The law ought not to be astute in such cases to criticise
adversely what under such circumstances and with such an object is published …
[emphasis added]

42 The highlighted portions from the passage qualified the right to criticise
the courts and judges. To begin with, for the reasons discussed below, the
bankruptcy statement could hardly be said to contain reasoned argument or
exposition. In addition, the limits of the right to criticise set out in _The
Queen v Gray_ also have to be read in conjunction with the Privy Council
decision in _Ambard v Attorney-General for Trinidad and Tobago_ [1936] AC 322.
In delivering the judgment in that case, Lord Atkin had this to say (at 335):

But [where] the authority and position of an individual judge, or the due
administration of justice, is concerned, no wrong is committed by any member
of the public who exercises the ordinary right of criticising, in good faith,
in private or public, the public act done in the seat of justice. The path of
criticism is a public way: the wrong headed are permitted to err therein:
_provided that members of the public abstain from imputing improper motives to
those taking part in the administration of justice, and are genuinely
exercising a right of criticism, and not acting in malice or attempting to
impair the administration of justice, they are immune_. [emphasis added]

43 These limits to the right of fair criticism as expressed by Lord Atkin were
reiterated in _AG v Wong Hong Toy_ ([29] _supra_), in _Wain_ ’s case ([26]
_supra_) and in _AG v Lingle_. The Respondent, by accusing the Judiciary of
treating opposition politicians unfairly, had evidently imputed “improper
motives” to all Singapore judges. By so doing, he had exceeded his right of
fair criticism and entered the realm of contempt.

**_Fair comment and justification_**

44 The defamation defences of fair comment and justification have no
application in offences of scandalising the court. In _Wain_ ’s case (at
397–398, [52]), Sinnathuray J unequivocally stated:

… I _do not accept_ the submission … that [the needs of the administration of
justice] should prevail only in cases where the criticism is _dishonest or
false_ … In this context the defence of _fair comment_ analogous to the
defence in the law of defamation which was raised for the respondents _is not
a defence available to them in contempt of court proceedings_. [emphasis
added]

45 It is imperative that the integrity of our judges is not impugned without
cause. The overriding interest in protecting the public’s confidence in the
administration of justice _necessitates_ a rejection of the defences at law
for defamation, particularly where accusations against a judge’s impartiality
are mounted. In the words of the authors of _Borrie & Lowe_ ([21] _supra_) at
p 351, “[a]llegations of partiality are treated _seriously_ because they tend
to undermine confidence in the basic function of a judge” [emphasis added].

46 Allowing the defence of fair comment would expose the integrity of the
courts to unwarranted attacks, bearing in mind that a belief published in good
faith and not for an ulterior motive can amount to “fair comment” even though
the belief in question was not reasonable (see _Slim v Daily Telegraph Ltd_
[1968] 2 QB 157). Singapore judges do not have the habit of issuing public
statements to defend themselves (as some UK judges have been prone to do). Our
judges feel constrained by their position not to react to criticism and have
no official forum in which they can respond. That does not mean that they can
be attacked with impunity.

47 In a similar vein, admitting the defence of justification would, in effect,
allow the court hearing the allegation of contempt to “sit to try the conduct
of the Judge”: (see _Attorney-General v Blomfield_ (1914) 33 NZLR 545 at 563).
Recognising the defence of justification would give malicious parties an added
opportunity to subject the dignity of the courts to more bouts of attacks;
that is unacceptable.

48 There are more appropriate channels through which genuine concerns
regarding the Judiciary can be ventilated. The Constitution has, by way of Art
98, established a means of recourse to deal with judges undeserving of their
office. The proper course for anyone who believes that he has evidence of
judicial corruption or lack of impartiality is to submit it to the proper
authority. The following _dictum_ of Wilmot J, in _The King v Almon_ ([7]
_supra_) at 259; 101 is apposite in this regard:

_The constitution_ has provided very apt and proper remedies for correcting
and rectifying the involuntary mistakes of Judges, and _for punishing and
removing them for any voluntary perversions of justice_. But if their
authority is to be trampled upon by pamphleteers and news-writers, and the
people are to be told the power, given to the Judges for their protection, is
prostituted to their destruction, the Court may retain its power some little
time, but _I am sure it will instantly lose all its authority; and the power
of the Court will not long survive the authority of it_ … [emphasis added]

49 In any event, the question whether the defences of justification and fair
comment were applicable were irrelevant since the Respondent had been unable
to provide any credible support for his statements. In the Privy Council case
of _Ahnee v Director of Public Prosecutions_ ([25] _supra_), Lord Steyn gave
an illustration of what would be considered fair criticism that would not
amount to scandalising the court. He said (at 306):

For example, if a judge descends into the arena and embarks on extensive and
plainly biased questioning of a defendant in a criminal trial, a criticism of
bias may not be an offence. The exposure and criticism of such judicial
misconduct would be in the public interest.

The Respondent’s comments in the bankruptcy statement cast aspersions on the
Singapore judiciary as a whole; he was not criticising the conduct of any
particular judge presiding over, or who had presided over, a particular case.
Aside from making the blanket assertion that the judges were biased against
him because he had lost his cases, the Respondent was unable to point to any
_specific_ conduct by any judge of the kind envisaged by Lord Steyn.

50 Before me, the Respondent made copious reference to Ross Worthington’s
article entitled “Between Hermes and Themis: An Empirical Study of the
Contemporary Judiciary in Singapore” (2001) 28 Journal of Law & Society 490,
to support that what he had set out in the bankruptcy statement _was the
truth_. That article expressed the views of an individual who had made
erroneous assumptions based on his own beliefs and inaccurate and/or wrong
information. I could not accept the speculative conclusions, which the author
arrived at, as the truth.

51 In the bankruptcy statement itself, the Respondent relied on foreign
publications, his defamation case and a few cases involving opposition
politicians who were unsuccessful litigants for his attacks on the Judiciary.
However, neither he nor his counsel made any attempt to answer the point-by-
point rebuttal made by the SSG to some of the allegations contained in the
bankruptcy statement, despite my prompting.

52 Firstly, the SSG pointed out that the Respondent was unsuccessful in his
application to admit two Queen’s Counsel (see _Re Nicholas William Henric QC_
[2002] 2 SLR 296) because the requirements of _ad hoc_ admissions under s 21
of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) were not satisfied. The
Respondent did not appeal against the decision of Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he
then was) in dismissing his two applications.

53 Secondly, his allegation of defamation without trial was untrue. The
plaintiff in the defamation suit instituted against the Respondent was
entitled to apply for summary judgment under O 14 of the Rules. As the
Respondent could not raise triable issues, the court entered judgment against
him, a common outcome in summary proceedings.

54 The Respondent alleged that the Privy Council in _Jeyaratnam JB v Law
Society of Singapore_ [1988] SLR 1 had concluded that Jeyaretnam and Wong Hong
Toy had “suffered a grievous injustice” (at 17, [59]). The SSG referred to a
decision of Brooke J in the case _Jeyaretnam v Mahmood_ (reported in _The
Times_ (21 May 1992)) where the judge expressed reservations on the comments
made by the Privy Council on the convictions of Jeyaretnam and Wong Hong Toy.

55 Thirdly, his allegation that the Chief Justice abused his position by suing
his former remisier, Boon Suan Ban (“Boon”), for defamation and causing the
man to be arrested and remanded at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) was
totally untrue. Although the Chief Justice did commence a civil suit against
Boon, it was the Public Prosecutor who preferred a charge of criminal
defamation against Boon. The District Court ordered Boon to undergo a
psychiatric examination after which, being found to be of unsound mind, Boon
was acquitted of the charge. Boon was remanded at the IMH for treatment and
was recently released therefrom. I would add that Boon was a former remisier
of OCBC Securities Pte Ltd, and not the Chief Justice’s remisier.

56 The Respondent had referred to the submissions tendered to the Ontario
Court of Appeal in _Oakwell Engineering Limited v Enernorth Industries Inc_ by
Enernorth Industries Inc (“Enernorth”) in resisting registration of the
Singapore judgment obtained by Oakwell Engineering Ltd prior to enforcement.
Enernorth lost before the court of first instance and its appeal is pending
before the Ontario Court of Appeal. As AR Low rightly pointed out below, the
allegations made by Enernorth’s counsel were only submissions and from my own
cursory glance of the document, the submissions were either unsubstantiated or
based on hearsay.

**The sentence**

57 An offence of contempt is punishable with either a fine or imprisonment,
and unlike a criminal offence, it is not subject to any limits on the duration
of imprisonment or the amount of fine. In deciding whether an act of contempt
is serious enough to warrant imprisonment, two factors are determinative:
first, the likely interference with the due administration of justice, and
second, the culpability of the offender (_R v Thomson Newspapers, Ltd_ [1968]
1 All ER 268 at 269).

58 Sentences of imprisonment tend to be more common in cases which involve a
blatant refusal to adhere to an order of court: _OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP
v Burhan Uray_ [2005] 3 SLR 60; _Lim Meng Chai v Heng Chok Keng_ [2001] SGHC
33. In contrast, offences which involved scandalising the Singapore courts
have generally been punished by fines only. In the case of _AG v Zimmerman_
([29] _supra_), which was said to be “one of the worst of its kind” (at 816,
[4]), T S Sinnathuray J imposed fines of up to $4,000 on persons who
scandalised the court by publishing statements in an international newspaper
alleging that the courts were not impartial. In that case, Sinnathuray J
identified the following considerations which are relevant when considering
the appropriate penalty to impose for an offence of scandalising the court:

(a)  the nature of the contempt;

(b)  who the contemnor is;

(c)  the degree of culpability;

(d)  how the contempt was published; and

(e)  the kind of publication and the extent of the publication.

The object of imposing the penalty for the offence of scandalising the court
is to ensure that the unwarranted statements made by the contemnor about the
court or the judge are repelled and not repeated: _Gallagher v Durack_ (1983)
45 ALR 53.

59 It appeared at first sight that the present offences of contempt _in facie
curiae_ by insulting the Judiciary as a whole before AR Low, and of contempt
by scandalising the court, warranted a fine rather than a term of
imprisonment. However, the present case can also be distinguished from all
previous cases in which fines were imposed for acts scandalising the court.
None of those cases involved situations where the contemptuous statements were
actually read _before_ the court. This factor, coupled with the unfounded
allegations made against the Judiciary, clearly rendered the acts of the
Respondent as “conduct calculated to lower the authority of the court” which
amounted to “sheer, unmitigated contempt” sufficient to warrant a sentence of
imprisonment: (_per_ Yong CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ ([27] _supra_) at
[14]).

60 The Respondent’s conduct leading up to the present proceedings was clearly
reprehensible. In addition, he was not contrite nor did he make any attempt to
withdraw his offending remarks. Instead, he repeatedly maintained that he
spoke the truth. As the SSG had submitted, a jail sentence was necessary so as
to deter the Respondent from repeating, and like-minded persons from
committing, similar acts in future.

61 For the reasons stated, I decided to and did impose a jail sentence of one
day on the Respondent. It was to serve as a warning to others who chose to go
down the Respondent’s path that, henceforth, similar offenders can expect to
be incarcerated and perhaps fined as well and, if the circumstances warranted
it, sent to jail for longer periods too. Fines as the penalty for contempt of
court of this nature will no longer be the norm.

62 I was mindful of the fact that the Respondent had been adjudicated a
bankrupt on 10 February 2006. The fine I imposed on him should not therefore
be a crippling sum which would render it well nigh impossible for him to pay
so that, by default, he would inevitably serve extra time in prison. Hence, I
set the fine at $6,000 using, as a yardstick, the fines imposed in previous
cases of contempt proceedings, in particular _AG v Lingle_ ([31] _supra_),
where the fines imposed on the defendant and other contemnors ranged from
$5,000 to $10,000. In default of payment of the fine, I ordered the Respondent
to serve seven days’ jail.

63 Despite the reasonableness of the fine, the Respondent chose not to pay.
Consequently, he would have to serve a sentence of eight days’ imprisonment.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Summons dated 20 February 2006 at [1].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

