Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Emjay Enterprises Pte Ltd v Skylift Consolidator (Pte) Ltd (Direct Services
(HK) Ltd, Third Party)  
[2006] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | MC Suit 16197/2003, RAS 25/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yeow Joo Yun and Vanessa Yeo (KhattarWong) for the plaintiff; Michael Moey Chin Woon (Moey and Yuen) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Emjay Enterprises Pte Ltd — Skylift Consolidator (Pte) Ltd — Direct Services (HK) Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Plaintiff obtaining interlocutory judgment with
damages to be assessed against defendant – Defendant seeking to rely on
exception clause limiting liability at stage of assessment of damages –
Exception clause not pleaded by defendant in defence – Defendant arguing
exception clause relating to quantum of damages and therefore need not be
pleaded pursuant to O 18 r 13(4) Rules of Court – Whether defendant precluded
from relying on exception clause – Order 18 r 13(4) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Exclusion clauses – Types of exception clauses
and limitation of liability clauses – Nature and purpose of exception clauses
– Relevance of primary and secondary obligations to exception clauses –
Whether limitation of liability clause dealt with the issue of liability or
quantum of damages  
  

21 February 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction and background**

1 The present case raised an important issue of law and pleadings. In it, as
we shall see, there is an interaction between the rules of pleading on the one
hand and the law relating to exception clauses on the other. In particular,
can a contracting party rely on an exception clause without having pleaded it
by arguing that such a clause relates to the quantum of damages and that,
pursuant to O 18 r 13(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed),
issues relating to quantum of damages need not be pleaded? In order to place
this particular provision in context, the whole of O 18 r 13 is set out, as
follows:

(1) Subject to paragraph (4), any allegation of fact made by a party in his
pleading is deemed to be admitted by the opposite party unless it is traversed
by that party in his pleading or a joinder of issue under Rule 14 operates as
a denial of it.

(2) A traverse may be made either by a denial or by a statement of non-
admission and either expressly or by necessary implication.

(3) Subject to paragraph (4), every allegation of fact made in a statement of
claim or counterclaim which the party on whom it is served does not intend to
admit must be specifically traversed by him in his defence or defence to
counterclaim, as the case may be; and a general denial of such allegations, or
a general statement of non-admission of them, is not a sufficient traverse of
them.

_(4) Any allegation that a party has suffered damage and any allegation as to
the amount of damages is deemed to be traversed unless specifically admitted._

[emphasis added]

On a substantive level, the _very nature and functions of exception clauses_
would have, as we shall see, to be considered. As an interesting aside, this
has traditionally been perceived as constituting a more conceptual issue.
However, two points may be usefully noted at this juncture. The first is that
there are, as we shall see, _practical_ applications and implications as well.
The second is more general: The line between theory and practice is often a
fine one and, in any event, one ought never to gainsay the role that rigorous
theoretical analysis can – and does, in fact – play in ensuring a more nuanced
development of the law as set in its broader practical canvass.

2 A very brief description of the factual background might be appropriate at
this juncture.

3 The plaintiff had obtained interlocutory judgment against the defendant for
breach of contract, with damages to be assessed. In the circumstances, the
exception clause in question had not figured with regard to the issue of
liability.

4 However, at the stage of the assessment of damages, the defendant sought to
introduce the exception clause. More specifically, counsel for the defendant
took out an application to adduce new evidence (via an additional witness of
fact) in order to rely on a defence based on a limitation of liability clause
(which was in fact the exception clause in question). This defence had, in
fact, never been pleaded; nor, as already noted, was it raised at the hearing
with respect to liability. Not surprisingly, counsel for the plaintiff
resisted the attempted introduction of this clause at this particular stage of
the proceedings, arguing that the exception clause concerned had not been
pleaded. It was argued, again not surprisingly, that as such a clause went to
the issue of liability, it ought to have been pleaded and canvassed at the
stage when liability was assessed.

5 The learned deputy registrar found in favour of the plaintiff, holding that
the argument based on the exception clause was an issue for the main trial
only. His decision was upheld on appeal by the learned district judge. The
defendant then appealed to the present court.

6 The exception clause concerned reads as follows:

19.1 In no case whatsoever shall any liability of the Company howsoever
arising and notwithstanding any lack of explanation exceed:

19.1.1 the value of the relevant goods where such value has been declared to
the Company, or

19.1.2 a sum at the rate of SGD1,000.00 per tonne of 1,000 kilos or a rateable
part thereof,

whichever is the lesser.

7 It can be seen immediately that this clause was _not_ a total exclusion of
liability clause. This is important because had it in fact been of such a
nature, it would _clearly not_ have related to the quantum of damages but,
rather, to liability. If so, that would have been an end to the matter since
it would have been clearly untenable for the defendants to have invoke O 18 r
13(4) of the Rules of Court (which has been reproduced above at [1]). It
could, of course, be argued that a total exclusion of liability clause does,
_literally_ , go to the quantum of damages inasmuch as it attempts to exclude
any payment of damages whatsoever. However, this is a disingenuous argument
that should, in my view, be rejected. What a total exemption of liability
clause attempts to do is to exclude _liability_ altogether. A _by-product_ ,
so to speak, of such a total exclusion of liability (assuming that the clause
is effective in the first instance) is that no damages are payable. But that
is not the heart of the matter. The core issue really hinges on liability, not
the quantum of damages. And, as already mentioned, I shall have occasion to
revisit the nature of a total exemption or exclusion of liability clause later
in this judgment.

8 However, the particular exception clause sought to be introduced at the
assessment stage in the present proceedings was in fact a _limitation of
liability_ clause and it is clear law that such a clause would be interpreted
less stringently by the courts compared to a total exclusion of liability
clause: see the oft-cited House of Lords decision of _Ailsa Craig Fishing Co
Ltd v Malvern Fishing Co Ltd_ [1983] 1 WLR 964 (and applied in the local
context: see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of _Rapiscan Asia
Pte Ltd v Global Container Freight Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 325 at [61]). For
this very reason, however, it cannot be stated – not out of hand, in any event
– that this particular clause clearly does not relate to the quantum of
damages. This was in fact the nub of the issue in the present proceedings and
as set out briefly at the outset of this judgment: Could the defendant now
argue that this clause could be introduced at the assessment stage even though
it had not been pleaded simply because it went to the assessment of the
quantum of damages and was, therefore, not required to be pleaded pursuant to
O 18 r 13(4)?

9 There are two related issues here. The first is whether or not a limitation
of liability clause (as opposed to a total exclusion of liability clause) goes
to liability and/or to the quantum of damages. The answer to this particular
issue will impact on whether or not such a clause could be introduced without
being pleaded pursuant to O 18 r 13(4). I should observe that this does not
necessarily conclude the case in any way in favour of the defendant. Even if
such a clause could be so introduced, it would still have to be shown to be
_applicable_ on the facts of the present case and this would, as the parties
have assumed, entail the calling of relevant witnesses as well as an analysis
of the relevant law itself.

10 The second issue is even more general: To what extent is O 18 r 13(4)
applicable to facts such as those which existed in the present proceedings in
the first instance? I turn now to consider both issues _seriatim_.

**The nature and functions of an exception clause**

11 As already alluded to above, my focus, in accordance with the specific
facts before me in the present proceedings, is on a limitation of liability
clause – as opposed to a total exclusion of liability clause. I should
observe, parenthetically, that this is why I choose to adopt the more generic
terminology, “exception clauses”, when referring to such clauses as a whole.
This terminology originated, as far as I know, in the seminal treatise in the
area by Prof Brian Coote, _Exception Clauses_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1964). Indeed,
I shall have occasion to return to this brilliant work again later.

12 An exception clause is a term of the contract. In particular, such a clause
is intended to operate either to modify the obligations under the contract
and/or to act as a defence to any claim by the other party to the contract. If
so, such a clause goes to liability as opposed to the assessment of the
quantum of damages.

13 Certainly, it is true that a distinction has been drawn in the case law
between primary and secondary obligations in the context of exception clauses,
with the classic exposition being by Lord Diplock in the House of Lords
decision in _Photo Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827
(“the _Photo Production_ case”). In the circumstances, an extended setting out
of the learned law lord’s observations in this particular regard would be
apposite. Lord Diplock observed thus (at 848–850):

A basic principle of the common law of contract, to which there are no
exceptions that are relevant in the instant case, is that parties to a
contract are free to determine for themselves what primary obligations they
will accept. They may state these in express words in the contract itself and,
where they do, the statement is determinative; but in practice a commercial
contract never states all the primary obligations of the parties in full; many
are left to be incorporated by implication of law from the legal nature of the
contract into which the parties are entering. But if the parties wish to
reject or modify primary obligations which would otherwise be so incorporated,
they are fully at liberty to do so by express words.

Leaving aside those comparatively rare cases in which the court is able to
enforce a primary obligation by decreeing specific performance of it, breaches
of **_primary_** obligations give rise to **_substituted_ _or_ _secondary_**
obligations on the part of the party in default, and, in some cases, may
entitle the other party to be relieved from further performance of his own
primary obligations. These secondary obligations of the contract breaker and
any concomitant relief of the other party from his own primary obligations
also arise by implication of law – generally common law, but sometimes
statute, as in the case of codifying statutes passed at the turn of the
century, notably the Sale of Goods Act 1893. **_The contract, however, is just
as much the source of secondary obligations as it is of primary obligations_**
; and like primary obligations that are implied by law, secondary obligations
too can be modified by agreement between the parties, although, for reasons to
be mentioned later, they cannot, in my view, be totally excluded. In the
instant case, the only secondary obligations and concomitant reliefs that are
applicable arise by implication of the common law as modified by the express
words of the contract.

Every failure to perform a primary obligation is a breach of contract. The
secondary obligation on the part of the contract breaker to which it gives
rise by implication of the common law is to pay monetary compensation to the
other party for the loss sustained by him in consequence of the breach; but,
with two exceptions, the primary obligations of both parties so far as they
have not yet been fully performed remain unchanged. This secondary obligation
to pay compensation (damages) for non-performance of primary obligations I
will call the “general secondary obligation.” It applies in the cases of the
two exceptions as well.

The exceptions are: (1) Where the event resulting from the failure by one
party to perform a primary obligation has the effect of depriving the other
party of substantially the whole benefit which it was the intention of the
parties that he should obtain from the contract, the party not in default may
elect to put an end to all primary obligations of both parties remaining
unperformed. (If the expression “fundamental breach” is to be retained, it
should, in the interests of clarity, be confined to this exception.) (2) Where
the contracting parties have agreed, whether by express words or by
implication of law, that _any_ failure by one party to perform a particular
primary obligation (“condition” in the nomenclature of the Sale of Goods Act
1893), irrespective of the gravity of the event that has in fact resulted from
the breach, shall entitle the other party to elect to put an end to all
primary obligations of both parties remaining unperformed. (In the interests
of clarity, the nomenclature of the sale of Goods Act 1893, “breach of
condition”, should be reserved for this exception).

Where such an election is made (a) there is **_substituted_** by implication
of law for the primary obligations of the party in default which remain
unperformed a secondary obligation to pay monetary compensation to the other
party for the loss sustained by him in consequence of their non-performance in
the future and (b) the unperformed primary obligations of that other party are
discharged. This secondary obligation is additional to the general secondary
obligation; I will call it “the anticipatory secondary obligation.”

In cases falling within the first exception, fundamental breach, the
anticipatory secondary obligation arises under contracts of all kinds by
implication of the common law, except to the extent that it is excluded or
modified by the express words of the contract. In cases falling within the
second exception, breach of condition, the anticipatory secondary obligation
generally arises under particular kinds of contracts by implication of statute
law; though in the case of “deviation” from the contract voyage under a
contract of carriage of goods by sea it arises by implication of the common
law. The anticipatory secondary obligation in these cases too can be excluded
or modified by express words.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Finally, the learned law lord also observed thus (at 850–851):

Mr Lords, _an exclusion clause is one which excludes or modifies an
obligation, whether primary, general secondary or anticipatory secondary, that
would otherwise arise under the contract by implication of law_. Parties are
free to agree to whatever exclusion or modification of all types of
obligations they please within the limits that the agreement must retain the
legal characteristics of a contract; and must not offend against the equitable
rule against penalties; that is to say, it must not impose on the breaker of a
primary obligation a general secondary obligation to pay to the other party a
sum of money that is manifestly intended to be in excess of the amount which
would fully compensate the other party for the loss sustained by him in
consequence of the breach of the primary obligation. Since the presumption is
that the parties by entering into the contract intended to accept the implied
obligations exclusion clauses are to be construed strictly and the degree of
strictness appropriate to be applied to their construction may properly depend
on the extent to which they involve departure from the implied obligations.
Since the obligations implied by law in a commercial contract are those which,
by judicial consensus over the years or by Parliament in passing a statute,
have been regarded as obligations which a reasonable businessman would realise
that he was accepting when he entered into a contract of a particular kind,
the court’s view of the reasonableness of any departure from the implied
obligations which would be involved in construing the express words of an
exclusion clause in one sense that they are capable of bearing rather than
another, is a relevant consideration in deciding what meaning the words were
intended by the parties to bear. But this does not entitle the court to reject
the exclusion clause, however unreasonable the court itself may think it is,
if the words are clear and fairly susceptible of one meaning only. [emphasis
added]

14 The legal effect of the _Photo Production_ case is to allow the courts the
flexibility to give effect to exception clauses at common law even where a
fundamental breach of contract has occurred. In other words, a fundamental
breach of contract does _not necessarily_ _and automatically_ destroy the
efficacy of an exception clause because, whilst the primary obligations come
to an end, the secondary obligation (to pay damages) remains and an exception
clause might cover this last-mentioned liability. Whether or not the exception
clause in question does in fact cover such liability is not an automatic rule
of law as such but, rather, a matter of _construction of the contract_. In
other words, the court’s task is to _construe_ the exception clause concerned
in the context of the contract as a whole in order to ascertain whether the
contracting parties _intended_ that the exception clause cover the events that
have actually happened. If they did, then the exception clause would be given
effect to by the court, notwithstanding the fact that a fundamental breach has
occurred. This is because, to re-emphasise a crucial point, the _intention_ of
the parties is the touchstone.

15 It may be noted that despite some apparent authority to the contrary (see,
in particular, the Singapore Privy Council decision of _Sze Hai Tong Bank Ltd
v Rambler Cycle Co Ltd_ [1959] AC 576; [1959] MLJ 200 (“the _Sze Hai Tong
Bank_ case”)), the present position in the Singapore context appears to be
that established in the _Photo Production_ case (see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decisions of _Metro (Pte) Ltd v Wormald Security (SEA)
Pte Ltd_ [1980–1981] SLR 539 and _AA Valibhoy & Sons (1907) Pte Ltd v Banque
Nationale de Paris_ [1994] 2 SLR 772; as well as the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Parker Distributors (Singapore) Pte Ltd v A/S D/S Svenborg_
[1982–1983] SLR 153). This underscores the importance of the concept of
freedom of contract and is consonant with modern trade and commerce – bearing
in mind the fact that the task of construction lies not in just any tribunal
but, rather, with the courts. There also appear to be no problems of binding
precedent since the Singapore Court of Appeal is now the highest court in the
land and is therefore not bound by Privy Council decisions, notwithstanding
the fact that the latter would obviously be given the most serious
consideration. However, the _Sze Hai Tong Bank_ case was obviously decided at
a time when the law had not settled in its more modern and established form as
embodied in the _Photo Production_ case. As importantly, perhaps, there was
then an ostensibly greater need to protect the consumer, which need is now
mitigated by the (statutory) presence of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap
396, 1994 Rev Ed) (see also _per_ Lord Wilberforce and Lord Diplock in the
_Photo Production_ case ([13] _supra_ at 843 and 851, respectively)). This
particular Act operates, of course, in addition to the traditional common law
doctrines and safeguards.

16 At this juncture, it might be apposite to note that both primary and
secondary obligations nevertheless deal, in the final analysis, with issues of
the respective contracting parties’ _obligations_ and, hence, are directly
related to the issue of _liability_ , although the latter (secondary
obligations) deal primarily with the obligation to pay damages. In this last-
mentioned regard, one must, in my view, draw a distinction between the
obligation to pay damages on the one hand and the quantum ultimately payable
on the other.

17 Indeed, it may also be appropriate to note Lord Diplock’s observations in
an earlier House of Lords decision – _Moschi v Lep Air Services Ltd_ [1973] AC
331. In this case, the learned law lord refers, with limpid clarity, to the
fact that both primary and secondary obligations are precisely that –
_obligations_. Speaking in the context of the rescission of a contract, Lord
Diplock observed thus (at 350):

Generally speaking, the rescission of the contract puts an end to the primary
obligations of the party not in default to perform any of his contractual
promises which he has not already performed by the time of the rescission. It
deprives him of any right as against the other party to continue to perform
them. It does not give rise to any secondary obligation in _substitution_ for
a primary obligation which has come to an end. The primary obligations of the
party in default to perform any of the promises made by him and remaining
unperformed likewise come to an end as does his right to continue to perform
them. But for his primary obligations there is _substituted_ by operation of
law a secondary obligation to pay to the other party a sum of money to
compensate him for the loss he has sustained as a result of the failure to
perform the primary obligations. _This secondary obligation is just as much an
obligation arising from the contract as are the primary obligations that it
replaces_ … [emphasis added]

I note, in particular, the last sentence in the above quotation which I have
italicised for emphasis.

18 I do acknowledge, nevertheless, that the reference to secondary obligations
might have implications in so far as the assessment of damages are concerned.
However, this is only so in _the most extended and literal sense_. Where an
exception clause seeks to exclude liability completely, such a clause, as I
have already mentioned, clearly deals with liability rather than quantum of
damages. It is true that, if such a clause applies, no damages are payable.
However, this follows as a matter of logical necessity. The focus, in other
words, is on the issue of liability. Naturally, if there is no liability to
begin with, no damages are payable. However, the issue of damages at this
point is a “non-issue” because, _ex hypothesi_ , no liability arises in the
first instance. If, however, counsel for the defendant’s argument in the
present proceedings is taken to its logical conclusion, then it would follow
that _even_ exception clauses which seek to exclude liability _completely_
would _necessarily relate to_ the _quantum_ of damages as well – save for the
fact that, as just mentioned, if the clause concerned can be invoked
successfully, the quantum of damages payable is _zero_. In other words, if
counsel for the defendant’s argument is persuasive, then _both_ limitation of
liability clauses _as well as_ total exclusion of liability clauses would
differ merely in _degree_ , rather than in kind. However, I did not understand
counsel for the defendant to take the argument that far and understood him to
concede that clauses which attempt to exclude liability _completely_ go to
_liability_ , and _not_ quantum of damages. I have, in fact, already dealt
briefly with the nature and function of total exclusion of liability clauses
above.

19 I pause here to note that possible conceptual confusion arises only because
_every decision as to liability will, literally speaking, have a bearing on
the quantum of damages payable_. _However_ , we must bear in mind the fact
that this is not the crux of the issue at hand. _The nub, or crux, is the
primary nature and purpose of an exception clause, regardless of whether it is
a total exclusion of liability clause or a limitation of liability clause._
And this, as I have already pointed out, is to govern the _obligations_ of the
respective parties to the contract – an issue that necessarily relates to
_liability_ rather than the quantum of damages, although the latter is
inextricably linked to the former as a matter of _literal_ fact as well as
causation.

20 Let me elaborate on the concept of _literal reduction in the quantum of
damages payable_ a little more from a slightly different comparative
perspective. I accept, once again, that it is _literally or factually_ true
that a limitation of liability clause, if applicable, does reduce the quantum
of damages that is claimable. However, this is equally the case – viewed from
the perspective of _factual consequences_ – with other contractual doctrines
as well, such as the doctrine of waiver. If the plaintiff has waived its
rights under the contract, then no damages are obviously claimable. But the
fact that no damages are claimable does not, as I have already stated, mean
that the doctrine of waiver deals with the assessment of damages as opposed to
the issue of liability.

21 I note that Prof Coote distinguishes between two types of exception clauses
– Type A and Type B, respectively. Type A exception clauses are those “whose
effect, if any, is upon the accrual of primary rights” ([11] _supra_ at p 9),
whilst Type B exception clauses are those “which qualify primary or secondary
rights without preventing the accrual of any particular primary right”
(_ibid_). The learned author views limitation of liability clauses as falling
under Type B (see generally, pp 153–154), whilst he views total exclusion of
liability clauses as falling under Type A (see generally, pp 152–153). The
interesting point to note, however, is that nowhere does Prof Coote consider
either or both of these categories of exception clauses as going to the
assessment of the quantum of damages; the focus is, on the contrary, on the
primary and secondary _rights_ of the contracting parties in question and
this, as already elaborated upon above, pertains to the issue of _liability_
instead. More specifically, the learned author is concerned to elucidate a
clearer and more nuanced framework through which exception clauses can be
analysed. He is, in my view, entirely correct in pointing to the fact that
such clauses should not be viewed solely as defences or shields to potential
contractual liability (these constitute Type B exception clauses). There are
undoubtedly a great many situations where this will be the case. In such
situations, there is no question as to the existence or scope of the primary
rights in question. The only question is whether or not the (Type B) exception
clause serves as a defence exonerating the party in alleged breach of the
primary rights concerned.

22 However, as Prof Coote perceptively points out, there are also a great many
other situations where the exception clause in question in fact impacts
directly on the actual scope and content of the contractual liabilities
themselves at their “root”, so to speak (these constitute Type A exception
clauses). In other words, the exception clause concerned might prevent the
primary right from arising in the first instance. Looked at in this light,
such a clause does not operate (unlike a Type B exception clause) as a defence
to the alleged breach of primary rights as such but, rather, alters the _very
nature_ of the primary rights themselves.

23 However, what is of crucial importance in so far as the present proceedings
are concerned is that _regardless_ of whether a clause is classified as a Type
A exception clause or a Type B exception clause, the focus is still with
respect to the issue of _obligations and liability_ , and _not quantum or
assessment of damages_.

24 I note, further, that a limitation of liability clause could, on occasion
at least, reduce the amount claimable by the plaintiff to such an extent that
it is either on the borderline of, or actually becomes, a complete or total
exclusion of liability clause. In such situations, the distinction between
both types of clauses becomes blurred, or even non-existent.

25 In any event, the consideration of a limitation of liability clause seems
to me to be a logically prior inquiry to that of the assessment of damages. If
so, then, as I have just mentioned, such a clause deals, in the final
analysis, with the issue of liability, and not the quantum of damages.

26 Such a conclusion is strengthened, in my view, by counsel for the
plaintiff’s argument to the effect that allied issues of incorporation and
construction are really issues relating to liability and are therefore dealt
with prior to the assessment of damages proper. Indeed, if, on the other hand,
counsel for the defendant’s argument is correct, the court would have to deal
with these issues (and perhaps even other issues relating, for example, to the
reasonableness – or otherwise – of the exception clause concerned under the UK
Unfair Contract Terms Act) at the stage of _assessment of damages_ when they
ought, in both principle and logic, have been dealt with at the stage of
_liability_.

27 Whilst I acknowledge that it might be possible to argue that limitation of
liability clauses might impact only partially in so far as the amount of
damages claimable is concerned and do not (by their very nature) exclude
wholly a claim for damages, it is invariably the case that the limitation is a
significant one. Indeed, I have already pointed to the fact that a limitation
of liability clause might shade into the realm of total or the near-total
exclusion of liability (see [24] above). If the defendant in the present
proceedings is correct, the court would have to decide whether a particular
exception clause was, especially in marginal cases, truly a limitation clause
or a total exclusion of liability clause “in disguise”, so to speak. This
would lead to excessive uncertainty and even “legal hair-splitting”, and is
yet another reason why limitation of liability clauses must be construed as
going to liability, rather than to the quantum of damages.

28 I am further of the view that a liquidated damages clause is _not_ similar
to a limitation of liability clause and therefore reject, in this regard, the
argument of counsel for the defendant who referred (not surprisingly) to the
leading House of Lords decision of _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Company, Limited v
New Garage and Motor Company, Limited_ [1915] AC 79. The former constitutes a
genuine attempt at fixing the quantum of loss, assuming that a breach has
already occurred. It therefore lies, in my view, more appropriately in the
sphere of assessment of damages and, as such, has been dealt with in the
chapter on remedies in the various contract textbooks. However, the latter is
quite different: It is an attempt to reduce the scope of liability and, hence,
has been dealt with in the chapter on the terms of the contract in the
contract textbooks. The following observations by Prof Coote ([11] _supra_ at
pp 153–154) might also be usefully noted:

Whatever the superficial similarity, they [limitation of liability clauses]
are not to be classed as agreements for liquidated damages, since they are not
a genuine pre-estimate of damages; and the House of Lords [in _Cellulose
Acetate Silk Company, Limited v Widnes Foundry (1925), Limited_ [1933] AC 20]
has held that they are not penalty clauses.

29 I do note, however, that Lord Diplock did, in the _Photo Production_ case,
refer to the need not to offend against the rule against penalties and the
concomitant need to ensure that there not be imposed “upon the breaker of a
primary obligation a general secondary obligation to pay to the other party a
sum of money that is manifestly intended to be in excess of the amount which
would fully compensate the other party for the loss sustained by him in
consequence of the breach of the primary obligation” ([13] _supra_ at 850).
This would appear to suggest that a liquidated damages clause ought – contrary
to the view expressed in the preceding paragraph – to be construed as one
dealing with liability as opposed to the assessment of damages. However, we do
need to bear in mind a general fact already noted earlier on in this judgment
– that there will be inevitable overlaps between the spheres of liability and
assessment of damages. More importantly, and as Prof Coote has himself pointed
out in the preceding paragraph, a liquidated damages clause, dealing as it
does with a genuine pre-estimate of loss, leans (if at all) more towards the
issue of assessment or quantum. Indeed, by its _very_ _nature and definition_
, a liquidated damages clause _fixes the quantum in advance_. Hence, I would
still be of the view that a liquidated damages clause ought, unlike an
exception clause, to be placed within the sphere of quantum as opposed to
liability. Even if I am wrong on this particular issue, this does not, in any
event, detract from the general reasoning which has compelled me to arrive at
the conclusion that an exception clause does _not_ deal with issues of
assessment or quantum but, rather, deals with (or at least has its primary
focus on) issues of liability instead.

30 I note, in passing, that counsel for the defendant sought (in turn, in
passing) – but rather ingeniously, in my view – to argue that the exception
clause concerned related to the mitigation of damages. It is clear, of course,
that mitigation of damages is, in law, a separate and distinct concept. If by
“mitigation”, he meant – although I think that this was not the case – the
literal meaning of “a reduction in damages”, then that, with respect, would
not (and in fact did not) take the defendant’s case forward at all. In any
event, even if the defendant was indeed intending to raise mitigation of
damages as a defence, this would, as is pointed out below (at [34]), need to
be pleaded.

**The applicability of O 18 r 13(4) of the Rules of Court**

31 In any event, I find that O 18 r 13(4) does not permit a defendant to
argue, without more, that issues as to the assessment of damages need not be
pleaded. They merely permit the defendant concerned to argue that any
allegation as to, _inter alia_ , the amount of damages put forward by the
plaintiff is deemed to have been traversed. The onus on the defendant to
specifically plead a particular argument (such as that proffered in the
instant case) remains.

32 If so, then I find that it would be substantively prejudicial to allow the
defendant to amend its pleadings at this late stage. Indeed, interlocutory
judgment has already been entered on behalf of the plaintiff. To allow the
defendant to introduce a limitation of liability clause at this late stage
might, if the clause is found applicable, be to the irreparable prejudice of
the plaintiff. This is, _a fortiori_ , the case if, as I hold, the focus of
the limitation clause is on liability as opposed to the quantum of damages,
even though there is some inevitable overlap in fact.

33 In this regard, the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Plato Films
Ltd v Speidel_ [1961] AC 1090 ought to be noted. It was held – correctly, in
my view – that notwithstanding the then English equivalent of our O 18 r
13(4), the then English equivalent of our O 18 r 8 (relating to any pleading
subsequent to a Statement of Claim) ought to prevail (see, especially, at
1104–1105). This is only right as the requirements of both procedural as well
as substantive justice and fairness would require that the plaintiff not be
taken by surprise (and _cf_ the English Court of Appeal decision of _Weait v
Jayanbee Joinery Ltd_ [1963] 1 QB 239, where the point, however, was not (in
the final analysis) decided definitively). Order 18 r 8 itself reads as
follows:

(1) A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter, for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality —

(_a_) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(_b_) _which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise_ ; or

(_c_) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

(2) Without prejudice to paragraph (1), a defendant to an action for the
recovery of immovable property must plead specifically every ground of defence
on which he relies, and a plea that he is in possession of the immovable
property by himself or his tenant is not sufficient.

[emphasis added]

34 The following observations by Prof Jeffrey Pinsler also appear to support
the approach just taken and merit quotation in full (see _Singapore Court
Practice 2005_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2005) at para 18/13/3):

Any allegation that a party has suffered damage and any allegation as to the
amount for damages is deemed to be traversed unless specifically admitted.
This rule means that the defendant is not required to traverse these
allegations concerning damage. _However_ , it is _very common practice_ for an
allegation of damage (whether general or special) _to be traversed in the form
of a denial or non-admission. It has been suggested that despite the rule,
this is a welcome practice as it enables the plaintiff to know what case he
will meet on the issue_. … _Also see r 8(1)(b), which requires_ matters to be
pleaded _if otherwise they would take a party by surprise._ Moreover, if the
defendant intends to raise matters which affect damage, such as causation and
remoteness, they must be specifically pleaded (r 8(1)(a) and (b)). _Similarly,
if the defendant alleges that the plaintiff should have mitigated his loss,
this must be pleaded together with the particulars which substantiate the
allegation_ (see _Plato Films v Spiedel_ [1961] AC 1090). [emphasis added]

35 Finally, I should add that the following observations by S Rajendran J in
_Rapiscan Asia Pte Ltd v Global Container Freight Pte Ltd_ ([8] _supra_ at
[64]) are also apposite in this particular regard:

Mr Loo [counsel for the defendant], in his closing submissions, adverted to
other clauses in the SFFA Conditions that may have limited liability for
negligence. These other clauses were, however, not invoked by Global [the
defendant] in its pleadings and I agree with Mr Palaniappan [counsel for the
plaintiff] that it would be prejudicial to Rapiscan [the plaintiff] for this
court to consider defences that Global had not raised in its pleadings.

**Conclusion**

36 For the reasons stated above, I held that the exception clause concerned
went to liability as opposed to the assessment of damages and that, in any
event, O 18 r 13(4) of the Rules of Court was not applicable to the facts of
the present case. In the circumstances, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal
with costs.

37 Finally, I would like to commend counsel for both parties for taking the
time and trouble to craft their respective submissions. They demonstrated a
pride in their work that more pragmatic counsel interested only in the
business (as opposed to the practice) of the law might well have deemed
unnecessary. However, it is, in my view, of the first importance that all
counsel be committed to submitting before the courts the very best legal
arguments that they can muster, even if (as here) the value of the subject
matter of the litigation might not have warranted it when viewed from the
perspective of merely materialistic lenses. If Singapore law is to develop and
be a force to be reckoned with on the world stage, the _attitude of mind_
displayed by counsel in the present case is imperative. Indeed, such an
approach is not merely idealistic – it is also necessary. There is, in other
words, no longer a gap between ideal and actuality. Both are inextricably
connected together in a manner that demonstrates the best qualities of
advocacy and, ultimately, of the enterprise of the law itself.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

