Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Low Gim Siah and Others v Low Geok Khim and Another  
[2006] SGCA 45

Case Number | : | CA 40/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Lai Siu Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Khoo SC and Ong Lee Woei (Michael Khoo & Partners) and Jimmy Yap (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the appellants; Tan Kay Kheng, Sim Bock Eng and Joyce Lim (Wong Partnership) for the first respondent; Manoj Sandrasegara, Tan Mei Yen, Benjamin Gaw, Tan Mingfen and Jeremy Leong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the second respondent   
Parties | : |  Low Gim Siah; Low Chay Lin; Low Gim Har; Low Gim Tin @ Low Gim Tin Renna; Low Gim Lay; Low Gim Hong Richard; Low Gim Tee; Low Gim Chiong; Low Gim Pheng; Frey-Low Daisy; Low Chay Ghee; Low Nancy; Low Lina; Low Chye Chim — Low Geok Khim; Low Geok Bian   
  
Family Law – Advancement – Presumption – Father and adult son holding bank
accounts jointly – Whether presumption of advancement applying such that money
in joint bank accounts amounting to gift from father to son upon father dying
intestate – Whether presumption of advancement rebutted  
  
Trusts – Resulting trusts – Father and adult son holding bank accounts jointly
– Money in joint bank accounts provided entirely by father – Whether money
vesting in son or in father's estate upon father's death – Whether son holding
joint bank accounts on resulting trust for father's estate  
  

22 December 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal by the grandchildren of one Low Kim Tah (“LKT”), who died
intestate, against the decision of the trial judge in Originating Summons No
826 of 2003 (_Low Geok Khim v Low Geok Bian_ [2006] 2 SLR 444 (“ _Low Geok
Khim_ ”)) that the money in six joint accounts held in the names of LKT and
his youngest son, one Low Geok Bian (“LGB”), vested beneficially in LGB as the
surviving joint account holder upon LKT’s death on 6 December 1997.

2  This appeal raises an important issue as to the current state of the law in
Singapore regarding the application of the presumption of advancement in a
father-and-child relationship. The joint administrators of the estate of LKT
(“the Estate”), _viz_ , one Low Geok Khim (“LGK”) and one Low Geok Beng (“Geok
Beng”), brought this action to determine the respective rights of the Estate
and LGB to the money in the six joint accounts totalling $4,471,144.28.
Subsequently, Geok Beng was discharged as joint administrator, leaving LGK,
who is the first respondent in this appeal, as the sole administratrix of the
Estate. LGK and LGB and Geok Beng are three of the ten children of LKT. The
particulars of the six joint accounts as at the date of the death of LKT are
as follows:

(a) POSB Account No 042-07218-5 opened on 4 March 1983 – $221,207.11 (“Account
1”);

(b) OCBC Easisave Account No 516-054889-001 opened on 25 February 1995 –
$2,004,604.97 (“Account 2”);

(c) OCBC Easisave Account No 516-054889-002 opened on 25 February 1995 –
$2,004,604.97 (“Account 3”);

(d) OCBC Easisave Account No 516-054889-003 opened on 11 March 1995 –
$114,441.89 (“Account 4”);

(e) OCBC Easisave Account No 516-054889-004 opened on 19 April 1995 –
$114,072.52 (“Account 5”); and

(f) OCBC Fixed Deposit Account No 516-549706-501 opened (with an initial sum
of $3,000,000) on 23 March 1990 – $12,212.82 (“Account 6”).

3 The original application required the court to determine whether the sum of
$90,028.84 in a seventh joint account, _viz_ , POSB Account No 045-07219-3
opened on 4 March 1983 and held in the joint names of LKT and LGK, belonged
beneficially to LGK or to the Estate on a resulting trust. Subsequently, LGK
agreed to relinquish any claim to the money in the said joint account and,
accordingly, there is no dispute between the beneficiaries of the Estate over
this sum of money.

4 The appellants are the children of one Low Yok Kay (“Yok Kay”) and one Low
Geok Khoon (“Geok Khoon”), the two elder sons of LKT who had predeceased him.
They were joined as co-defendants to the action on 6 August 2003 in order to
contest the claim of LGB that, as the surviving holder of the six joint
accounts, he was entitled to the beneficial ownership of the money in the said
accounts. The appellants took the position that LGB held the money in Accounts
1 to 6 on a resulting trust for the Estate.

**Background**

5 LKT was, as described by the trial judge, a typical Chinese patriarch and a
self-made businessman. Starting from a humble family business dealing mainly
in livestock trading in the early 1940s, he expanded his business to include
real estate development. To this end, he incorporated a family company known
as Hup Choon Kim Kee Pte Ltd (“HCKK”) on 1 February 1963 to take over the bulk
of his assets. LKT was then 57 years old while LGB was 20 years old. Most of
his sons helped out in the family business at some time or other, with Yok
Kay, Geok Khoon and LGB being the ones who were actively involved in the
running of the business.

6 Upon the incorporation of HCKK in 1963, LKT allotted the share capital to
himself and his children as follows:

_Name_ |  _Number of shares_  
---|---  
LKT |  1,060  
Yok Kay |  1,005  
LGB |  905  
Geok Khoon |  730  
Geok Hwee |  730  
Geok Choo |  730  
Geok Beng |  730  
LGK |  160  
Geok Yin |  150  
Geok Kiow |  150  
Geok Up |  150  
  
7 On 15 October 1983, the shareholders of HCKK passed a special resolution to
wind up the company voluntarily. The distribution of the assets to the
shareholders was effected as set out in a Distribution Agreement Deed dated 15
May 1985 signed by LKT and all his children.

8 However, some of the properties held by HCKK, specifically the land at Ava
Road and the properties known as 263 and 263A Balestier Road (“the
Ava/Balestier properties”), could not be conveniently distributed at that time
as they were under development. Accordingly, a new company, Hup Choon Kim Kee
Realty Pte Ltd (“HCKK Realty”), was incorporated to hold the Ava/Balestier
properties on trust for LKT and all his sons except Geok Choo. Sometime in
1989, HCKK Realty sold the Ava/Balestier properties and, on completion on 12
March 1990, realised the net sum of $14,329,643.75. The proceeds were then
distributed on 23 March 1990 as follows:

_Name_ |  _Share of the  
Ava/Balestier properties_ |  _Amount received_  
---|---|---  
LKT |  21/100 |  $3,009,225.19  
Estate of Yok  
Kay |  21/100 |  $3,009,225.19  
LGB |  18/100 |  $2,579,335.87  
Estate of Geok  
Khoon |  14/100 |  $2,006,150.12  
Geok Hwee |  13/100 |  $1,862,853.69  
Geok Choo |  0/100 |  $0  
Geok Beng |  13/100 |  $1,862,853.69  
  
9 On the very same day that LKT received his cheque for $3,009,225.19, being
his share of the proceeds of sale, he had it deposited, through LGB, into his
personal current account, OCBC Account No 516-033719-001. LKT then immediately
transferred out of that account a sum of $3m to open a fixed deposit account,
_viz_ , Account 6 (with a provision for the right of survivorship, but which
was operative on one signature only), to be placed under two separate deposits
of $1,500,000 each. Further deposits of $86,710.62 and $87,292.98, which came
from LKT’s other fixed deposit account at OCBC’s head office at Chulia Street,
and a separate sum of $10,000 were subsequently deposited in Account 6 in May
1990, June 1990 and January 1991 respectively. Thereafter, no other money was
deposited in Account 6. No withdrawal was made from Account 6 in the next five
years, during which the capital sum and accrued interest accumulated to just
short of $4m.

10 However, during the period from February to April 1995, the bulk of the
money in Account 6 was withdrawn and used to open Accounts 2 to 5. These
accounts were also opened jointly in the names of LKT and LGB, also with
rights of survivorship and also operative on one signature only. It would
appear that LGB was aware that these accounts were being opened as the related
signature cards had his signatures on them. These accounts were called
Easisave accounts as they combined features of a savings account and a current
account, and, for this reason, funds held in such accounts are given a lower
rate of interest than ordinary fixed deposit accounts. It is common ground
that LGB did not put any money into Accounts 1 to 6 and that he also did not
draw out any money from these accounts.

11 LKT died intestate on 6 December 1997 at the age of 91. Apart from the
money in Accounts 1 to 6, LKT left other assets totalling about $6.9m, the
distribution of which is not in dispute among the beneficiaries. Up to the
date of LKT’s death, only LGB was aware of the existence of Accounts 1 to 6
since he was present when all the accounts were opened and the signature cards
were signed by him. None of the other family members was aware of the
existence of these accounts as LKT had never mentioned or spoken to them about
the accounts.

**Issues before the trial judge**

12  The only issue before the trial judge with respect to Account 1 was
whether LGB held the money in the joint account beneficially or on a resulting
trust. However, with respect to Accounts 2 to 6, the trial judge was asked to
determine the beneficial ownership of the money in the said accounts on the
basis of the following questions:

(a) Whether LKT had the mental capacity to open Account 6 in 1990 and Accounts
2 to 5 in 1995.

(b) If so, whether he had intended to open the five accounts as joint accounts
with LGB.

(c) If so, whether the presumption of advancement should be applied in favour
of LGB.

(d) If so, whether the presumption was rebutted on the facts.

Issues (a) and (b) are questions of fact, whilst issues (c) and (d) are issues
of fact and law in relation to the presumption of advancement as an
evidentiary guide or principle.

**_Issues (a) & (b) – Mental capacity and intention of LKT_**

13 In respect of issues (a) and (b), the appellants had called two doctors to
testify on the mental state of LKT. The first, Dr Tang Kok Foo (“Dr Tang”), a
neurologist, had examined LKT in February 1995, May 1995, November 1996 and
April 1997. He testified that LKT was already suffering from advanced dementia
in 1995, due likely to Alzheimer’s disease, and that it became very advanced
in 1996. However, he was also of the view that LKT’s dementia would have been
mild in 1990. The second doctor, Dr Tan Chue Tin, a psychiatrist, did not
personally examine LKT but based his opinion on the findings of Dr Tang and on
LKT’s court testimony in Suit No 854 of 1991 (“Suit 854/1991”) in April 1994.
His opinion was that LKT would have had very limited or little awareness of
his situation when he opened Accounts 2 to 5 in 1995, and that in 1990, it was
more likely than not that LKT was similarly limited in his awareness when he
opened Account 6.

14 By way of response, LGB relied on the opinions of two other doctors.
However, one of them, Dr Lee Suan Yew, who had treated LKT from 1987 to 1992,
submitted a report but did not testify, whilst the one who did testify, Dr Yeo
Kah Loke Brian (“Dr Yeo”), had not personally examined LKT but gave his
opinion on the basis of the findings of Dr Tang. Dr Yeo opined that if LKT was
suffering from any form of dementia in 1995, it was more likely to be vascular
dementia and not Alzheimer’s dementia, and that “it would not be possible to
conclude from an examination of the deceased in 1995, that he was not in a
coherent mental state a few years prior to 1995, much less in 1990”. Dr Yeo
also opined that in view of the gradual progression of Alzheimer’s disease, it
would not necessarily mean that LKT was not able to reason immediately prior
to 1990 or in 1994. He was of the view that LKT was in a more coherent mental
state in April 1994 when he gave evidence in court in Suit 854/1991.

15 The trial judge, after considering the expert evidence and also evidence
from two other sources relating to LKT’s medical condition, _viz_ , (a) the
testimonies of LGK, the sole administratrix, and LGB to the effect that LKT
was in good health until his death, and (b) Lai Kew Chai J’s acceptance of
LKT’s testimony in 1994 in Suit 854/1991 in preference to that of an opposing
witness, found that LKT had the mental capacity to open Account 6 in 1990.

16 At the trial, the appellants had also alleged that LKT had intended Account
6 to be in his sole name, but because of his medical condition, might not have
been aware that he had opened a joint account with LGB. Counsel for the
appellants had contended that because of the suspicious state of the
documentation relating to the opening of the account, LGB had opened the joint
account for LKT without the latter’s awareness. The trial judge, after a
careful and detailed examination of the related banking forms, signature cards
and other documents, concluded that they were insufficient to prove that LKT
did not intend to open or was not aware of the opening of Account 6 as a joint
account in 1990 (see _Low Geok Khim_ ([1] _supra_) at [36]).

17 In respect of the opening of Accounts 2 to 5 in 1995, the trial judge found
(at [37]–[38]) that LKT was suffering from mild dementia which did not deprive
him of his mental capacity to open those accounts. The trial judge further
held that even if he was wrong in his finding with regard to LKT’s mental
capacity to open Accounts 2 to 5, the money in those accounts would
automatically revert back to Account 6 for the purpose of determining its
ownership.

**_Issues (c) & (d) – Application of the presumption of advancement_**

18 In respect of issue (c), the trial judge was of the view that the
presumption of advancement applied to the money held in Accounts 1 to 6 in
view of the father-and-son relationship between LKT and LGB. In respect of
issue (d), he found that, on the evidence before him, the presumption had not
been rebutted.

**The appeal**

19 The appellants’ arguments, as set out in their case, skeletal arguments and
counsel’s oral pleadings, all of which the respondents have opposed, are as
follows:

(a) The trial judge was wrong in fact to find that LKT had the requisite
mental capacity to open Account 6 in 1990 and Accounts 2 to 5 in 1995
respectively.

(b) If LKT did have the requisite mental capacity to open Account 6, he did
not intend to open it as a joint account, and hence, LKT did not intend LGB to
have the money in the account upon his death.

(c) Given the mental state of LKT, the presumption of advancement was not a
sensible guide to determine LKT’s intention in opening Accounts 2 to 6.

(d) The trial judge was wrong to apply the presumption of advancement to
Accounts 1 to 6 as LGB was self-supporting and not financially dependent on
LKT when the joint accounts were opened.

(e) The presumption of advancement was rebutted on the facts.

**_Mental capacity of LKT_**

20 Counsel for the appellants submitted that the trial judge’s finding that
LKT had the mental capacity to open Accounts 2 to 5 in 1995 was based on the
erroneous finding that “if the deceased had dementia, it was mild dementia,
and not severe dementia” (see _Low Geok Khim_ at [37]). It was submitted that
this finding disregarded the evidence of three of the doctors who had
testified that LKT was suffering from advanced dementia in February 1995. We
do not find it necessary to examine the medical evidence in detail on this
point. However, it is pertinent to observe that the opening of Accounts  2 to
5 in 1995, when compared to the circumstances in which Account 6 was opened in
1990, made no commercial sense. The reason is that the opening of Accounts 2
to 5 resulted in LKT getting a lower rate of interest than if he had allowed
the money to remain on fixed deposit in Account 6. He was not in need of
liquid funds at the time Accounts 2 to 5 were opened since he still had his
current account. Furthermore, he had not drawn out a single cent from Account
6 since it was opened. Given that LKT had been an astute and successful
businessman, his actions in 1995 were inexplicable except on the basis that
his mental state had deteriorated to the extent that he was not fully aware of
the commercial consequences of his own actions, even though he might have had
the mental capacity to open banking accounts. He was then aged 89 and
suffering from either advanced vascular dementia or Alzheimer’s disease.

21 Notwithstanding our observations on LKT’s mental state in 1995, we agree
with the trial judge that this fact is not critical to the primary issue in
this case, which is LKT’s mental condition in 1990. What happened in 1990 was
of greater significance than what happened later in 1995 since the money in
Accounts 2 to 5 came from Account 6. This is reflected in the trial judge’s
findings on the law and the facts, as well as in the arguments of counsel for
the parties before us.

22 However, counsel for the appellants was unable to say anything useful to
challenge the correctness of the trial judge’s finding on LKT’s mental state
in 1990, having regard to (a) Dr Tang’s evidence that LKT had mild dementia in
1990 and that a person with such a medical condition would usually be able to
make reasonably good decisions, and (b) the fact that Lai Kew Chai J had found
that even in 1994, LKT was reasonably competent when he testified in court in
Suit 854/1991. Counsel’s attempt to refute the trial judge’s finding on this
issue was futile. For these reasons, we have no basis to disagree with the
trial judge’s finding that there was insufficient evidence to show that LKT
did not know that he was opening a joint account with LGB in 1990.

23 However, before we consider the trial judge’s findings on the law and the
facts on the issue of the application of the presumption of advancement, it is
pertinent to note that when LKT opened Account 6 in 1990 and then Accounts 2
to 5 in 1995, using money from Account 6, he stipulated in the bank’s account
opening documents that one signature alone would be sufficient to operate the
accounts. The significance of this, which we will consider in greater detail
later, is that in 1995, it would appear that LKT, notwithstanding his mental
state, did not wish to relinquish control of the operation of Accounts 2 to 5.

**_Presumption of advancement_**

24 In the court below, it was the appellants’ case that as LGB was self-
supporting and not financially dependent on LKT in 1990 and 1995 (and the same
argument would apply in the case of Account 1 which was opened in 1983, when
LGB was already 40 years old), the presumption of advancement was not
applicable as the presumption was premised on a father’s moral or equitable
obligation to provide for his children. Counsel cited the following passage
from _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2005) at
para 23-02:

The presumption of advancement applies to certain transfers between parties
where it may be readily inferred that A would have intended to make a gift to
B. It is found therefore where A is under an equitable obligation to support
or make provision for B. Examples are where A is the husband or father of B.
It is, in effect, a counter-presumption which provides _prima facie_ evidence
about A’s intentions as to where the beneficial interest in the property
should lie. Its effect is to negative any initial presumption that the
transfer creates a resulting trust.

Counsel also cited in support of his argument the case of _Ang Toon Teck v Ang
Poon Sin_ [1998] SGHC 67 where Judith Prakash J had suggested that the
presumption of advancement should not be applied between a father and a
50-year-old financially self-supporting son as the latter’s need for support
in those circumstances was absent.

25 The trial judge rejected this argument on the ground that the presumption
of advancement had been explained by Lord Eldon in _Murless v Franklin_ (1818)
1 Swans 13 at 18; 36 ER 278 at 280 without reference to the need for financial
support, implying that the basis of the presumption was not the moral or
equitable obligation on the part of one party to provide for another, such as
between a father and his child or between a husband and his wife. The trial
judge quoted the following passage from _Murless v Franklin_ (see _Low Geok
Khim_ at [44]):

It is settled that though, in general cases, if _A_. purchases with his own
money, and the conveyance is taken in the name of _B_., an implied trust in
favour of _A._ arises from the payment of the purchase money; yet that
doctrine has exceptions. One exception is, that if a man purchases in the name
of his son, and no act is done to manifest an intention that the son shall
take as trustee, that intention will not be implied from the payment of the
purchase money by the father, but the purchase is _prima facie_ an
advancement.

The trial judge also observed that neither Prakash J nor counsel had referred
to any cases stating that the presumption of advancement could only arise in a
transaction of property from a parent to a child when it could be inferred
that the parent was making a financial provision for the child.

26 The trial judge also quoted a passage from the judgment of Willmer LJ in
_In re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ [1964] Ch 303 at 336 on the relationship
between the presumption of advancement (equity approves of gifts by a father
to a child) and the presumption of undue influence (equity dislikes and
distrusts gifts by a child to a parent). On the basis of these two passages,
the trial judge proceeded to state (at [47]) the law as follows:

When one considers the presumption of advancement as expounded in _Murless v
Franklin_ and _In re Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ , one must be cautious about
adopting the narrower approach. As the presumption operates as an exception to
the rule on resulting trusts, the rationale for the presumption should be
considered. The underlying reason for having an exception is that the parent
would have intended the child to have the benefit of the property because of
the parent-child relationship between them. There is no necessity to restrict
the operation of the presumption of advancement to a child in need of
financial support. There is no reason to suppose that a parent could have
intended the child to have the benefit if the latter was financially
dependent, but not if he was financially sound.

The trial judge accordingly held that the presumption of advancement was
applicable to the six joint accounts.

27 Before us, counsel for the appellants contended that the trial judge was
wrong, as a matter of law, in holding that the presumption of advancement was
not based on a dependency relationship giving rise to a moral or equitable
obligation on the part of the provider. He referred us to another passage from
the judgment of Lord Eldon in _Murless v Franklin_ ([25] _supra_) which
preceded the passage quoted by the trial judge (see [25] above). It reads:

The general rule that on a purchase by one man in the name of another, the
nominee is a trustee for the purchaser, _is subject to exception where the
purchaser is under a species of natural obligation to provide for the
nominee_. The purchase in this case being _prima facie_ a provision for the
sons, it is necessary to repel that presumption by evidence which shows that,
at the time, the father intended the purchase for his own benefit. _Possession
taken by the father at the time would amount to such evidence_. [emphasis
added]

This passage supports counsel’s submission that the origin of the presumption
was that of the dependency of the child for support from his father and the
natural feeling of paternal love and affection of the one for the other.
Counsel in his written submissions also referred to _Bennet v Bennet_(1879) 10
Ch D 474 where the underlying basis for the presumption was also explained in
the context of an _in loco parentis_ relationship.

28 In _Bennet v Bennet,_ a mother had purchased an investment in the name of
her son and the question was whether the presumption of advancement applied.
Jessel MR held that as a mother had, in the eyes of equity, no equitable
obligation to advance or make provision for her child, unlike in the case of a
father, the presumption did not apply where a mother purchased property or
made an investment in the name of her child, or in the joint names of herself
and her child. In such a case, whether there was any intention on the part of
the mother to make an advance to the son was a question of evidence. If there
was no evidence to show an advance, the property would be held on a resulting
trust. Jessel MR explained the interaction between these two presumptions in
equity (at 476) as follows:

The doctrine of equity as regards presumption of gifts is this, that where one
person stands in such a relation to another that there is an obligation on
that person to make a provision for the other, and we find either a purchase
or investment in the name of the other, or in the joint names of the person
and the other, of an amount which would constitute a provision for the other,
the presumption arises of an intention on the part of the person to discharge
the obligation to the other; and therefore, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, that purchase or investment is held to be in itself evidence of a
gift.

_In other words, the presumption of gift arises from the moral obligation to
give._

That reconciles all the cases upon the subject but one, because nothing is
better established than this, that as regards a child, a person not the father
of the child may put himself in the position of one _in loco parentis_ to the
child, and so incur the obligation to make provision for the child.

…

[A] person _in loco parentis_ means a person taking upon himself the duty of a
father of a child to make provision for that child. It is clear that in that
case the presumption can only arise from the obligation, and therefore in that
case the doctrine can only have reference to the obligation of a father to
provide for his child, and nothing else.

_But the father is under that obligation from the mere fact of his being the
father, and therefore no evidence is necessary to shew the obligation to
provide for his child, because that is part of his duty. In the case of a
father, you have only to prove the fact that he is the father, and when you
have done that the obligation at once arises; but in the case of a person in
loco parentis you must prove that he took upon himself the obligation._

[emphasis added]

29 In our view, these statements in _Murless v Franklin_ and _Bennet v Bennet_
make it clear that a dependency relationship was the original basis of the
presumption of advancement. However, in the same period that these cases were
decided, some English equity judges were also prepared to apply the
presumption in cases where the element of dependency was absent, so long as
there was a parental relationship between the donor and the donee. For
example, in _Hepworth v Hepworth_ (1870-71) LR 11 Eq 10, the testator, by his
will, settled £1000 reduced annuities on each of his three granddaughters, the
children of his only son, and two years later, transferred a sum of £3200
reduced annuities, which was all the property he had, to his son. He died at
the age of 92, having resided for the last ten years of his life with his son,
who was a man of considerable property. Malins VC, in holding that there was
an absolute gift of the annuities to the son, said (at 12–13):

The law is not doubtful that if this had been a transfer to a stranger it
would have operated as a trust, but if a gift is made in favour of a child the
presumption of law is, that it is intended as an advancement or provision for
the child. The old cases turned upon the question, whether the child was
provided for or not, but recent authorities have gone upon whether the gift
was intended as an advancement or not.

Thus, in the present case, the transfer having been made to the son, it is
thrown upon those who deny that it was an absolute gift to prove that there
was no intention on the part of the father to make an advancement or provision
for his son. Here the son was evidently capable of maintaining himself, for it
is in evidence that he was possessed of considerable property, and, in fact,
it was the son who maintained his father. That he well performed the duty of
taking care of him is evident from the fact that the father lived with the son
for ten years, till his death at the age of ninety-four. The father, on the
other hand, had no object in the world upon whom to bestow his property but
his son and his son’s children, and it was the most natural thing that the
father should have come to the determination to make over to his son during
his lifetime this property, being well satisfied that what he gave to his son
would be disposed of in the way he considered best for the benefit of his own
children. The son seems to have been perfectly ready to fulfil this duty since
by his will he left all his property for the benefit of his wife and children.

…

In _Sidmouth v Sidmouth_ an observation made by Lord Langdale is very
appropriate, where he says: “The parent may judge for himself, when it suits
his own convenience, or when it will be best for his son, to secure him any
benefit which he voluntarily thinks fit to bestow upon him; and it does not
follow that, because the reason for doing it is not known, there was no
intention to advance at all.” _Here the father was at liberty to say he would
give this sum to his son, and there is no presumption to rebut the_ prima
facie _rule of law, that a father who gives property to his son does so by way
of advancement or provision for him._

[emphasis added]

30 In _Sidmouth v Sidmouth_ (1840) 2 Beav 447; 48 ER 1254 _,_ the father had
bought certain stock in the name of the son, who was an adult living with the
father and dependent on him for support. The court held that the presumption
of advancement applied. Lord Langdale MR reasoned (at 457;1258) as follows:

Consider the situation in which they stood – the son unmarried, living in the
house of his father, and wholly maintained by him, having future expectations
from another source, but no present maintenance except from his father, and
having very great future expectations from his father’s large property; and
then consider what the father could mean by transferring sums of stock into
the name of his son, with an intention to receive the dividends himself. It is
clear that he meant to continue to maintain his son; it is probable that if he
had meant only a contingent provision in the event of the son surviving him,
he would have made a transfer into the joint names of himself and his son, for
this would have given the absolute power over the stock to the survivor; _if
he had intended, notwithstanding the transfer to the son, to retain the
absolute dominion in himself, it is probable he would have taken care to
extend the power so as to enable himself to sell and transfer_ ; but it is
scarcely to be conceived why he should make any transfer at all if he intended
the son to have neither any present interest in the stock, nor any power over
it, nor any future benefit of any kind from it. [emphasis added]

31 _Hepworth v Hepworth_ ([29] _supra_) appears to be an extreme case where
the presumption of advancement was held to apply. However, to our knowledge it
has never been disapproved. _Hepworth v Hepworth_ could well be regarded as a
case where the presumption was applied by reason of parental affection or
regard of the father for his only surviving son, although this basis does not
seem, to our knowledge, to have been followed in subsequent cases. However,
some Canadian courts have accepted parental love and affection as a basis for
the application of the presumption: see the discussion at [18]–[21] of the
judgment of the Court of Appeal of Ontario in _Saylor v Madsen Estate_ (2006)
261 DLR (4th) 597.

32 We should also mention that in the case of _Phng Siew Hoon v Phng Siew Lan_
[1991] SGHC 129, the judge did not apply the presumption on the basis of love
and affection, but instead held that love and affection were part of the
evidence of the father’s intention to make a gift to the daughter. In that
case, the father was terminally ill and warded in hospital. His other children
did not visit him, at least not as often as the defendant, a married daughter
who had visited him regularly to comfort him. On one of these visits at night,
the father gave a cheque of $500,000 to her. After his death, the estate
claimed the money on a resulting trust on the ground that the father did not
intend the defendant to have the money as he had amply provided for her and
that her husband was already supporting her. The defendant, on the other hand,
testified that the deceased had told her that the cheque was meant for her.
The judge held that there was ample evidence in that case that the father had
intended to give the proceeds of the cheque to her.

33 In our view, the passage we have earlier quoted from para 23-02 of _Snell’s
Equity_ ([24] _supra_) has summed up the legal position correctly. Some
transfers of property from father to son or from husband to wife are more
readily inferable as gifts from one party to the other, thereby raising the
presumption of advancement. For example, if a father were to purchase a
property or open a fixed deposit account in the name of an infant son who is
dependent on him for support, the presumption would apply without more. If, in
the case of any such relationship, the court does not apply the presumption,
it would be because there is some contemporary evidence, either in the form of
declarations made by the father or in the way he deals with the property or
the deposit, that shows he intends to retain ownership of the property or the
money. This is also established law. The presumption is not absolute and may
be rebutted by evidence. In our view, the amount of evidence required to rebut
the presumption would depend on the strength of the presumption, _ie,_ how
readily the court would be prepared to make the presumption _._ It would be a
rare case for the presumption to be rebutted where there is no other evidence
to show what the intention of the father is when he purchases property in the
name of his son or daughter. However, in a number of recent English and
Singapore decisions, the courts have held that because of changed social
conditions, the presumption of advancement may be rebutted by very little
evidence. We will now examine these decisions in the context of whether the
presumption of advancement has been rebutted in this case.

**_Current judicial treatment of presumption_**

34 In the course of considering whether the presumption of advancement had
been rebutted, the trial judge referred to the current judicial trend in
England and Singapore in treating the presumption of advancement with less
robustness than in the past, the process having started with _Pettitt v
Pettitt_ [1970] AC 777, where the House of Lords showed their disdain for the
presumption as an evidentiary technique to resolve disputes relating to title
to property between husband and wife. In that case _,_ the husband had done
work and expended money in improving the matrimonial home which was
beneficially owned by the wife. The husband claimed a share of the property on
the ground that there was a common intention that he should have a share in
the matrimonial home. The wife argued that the court should apply the
presumption of advancement to presume that the husband had intended to make
her a gift of the value of the work and the money expended on the house. It
was in this particular context that the House of Lords rejected the argument
and held that the presumption was not applicable. Lord Reid said (at 793)
that:

It was argued that the present case could be decided by applying the
presumption regarding advancement. It was said that if a husband spends money
on improving his wife's property, then, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, this must be regarded as a gift to the wife. I do not know how this
presumption first arose, but it would seem that the judges who first gave
effect to it must have thought either that husbands so commonly intended to
make gifts in the circumstances in which the presumption arises that it was
proper to assume this where there was no evidence, or that wives' economic
dependence on their husbands made it necessary as a matter of public policy to
give them this advantage. I can see no other reasonable basis for the
presumption. These considerations have largely lost their force under present
conditions, and, unless the law has lost all flexibility so that the courts
can no longer adapt it to changing conditions, the strength of the presumption
must have been much diminished. I do not think that it would be proper to
apply it to the circumstances of the present case.

Three of the other law lords agreed with Lord Reid. It was expressly remarked
by Lord Diplock (at 824) that “[t]he old presumptions of advancement and
resulting trust are inappropriate to these kinds of transactions”. In
contrast, Lord Upjohn was of the opinion (at 813) that the presumptions, “when
properly understood and properly applied to the circumstances of today …
remain[ed] as useful as ever in solving questions of title”.

35 In _Pettitt v Pettitt_ , the House of Lords were concerned with a
matrimonial home owned solely by the wife to which the husband had made
contributions in improving it. In such a situation, their Lordships felt that
it was inappropriate to apply the presumption in modern social conditions in
England where it was normal for a couple to work and contribute jointly to the
purchase and upkeep of the matrimonial home. Hence, instead of applying the
presumption and then considering the evidence to see whether it was rebutted,
the courts should consider whether the common intention of the parties was to
give each other a share in the property and if so, what they intended the
quantum of their respective shares in the matrimonial home to be. _Pettitt v
Pettitt_ did not involve a case of a traditional social setting where the wife
was a full-time housekeeper who did not work but instead looked after the
husband, children and the home whilst the husband worked and was the sole
provider of all the living and financial needs of the family. In other words,
_Pettitt v Pettitt_ was not concerned with a situation where it could be said
that the husband was in a relationship with the wife (or even a woman) where
he was or could be considered to be under a moral or equitable obligation to
support and provide for her. In our view, the observations of the House of
Lords in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ should be understood against the factual matrix
of that case and the economic and social conditions which their Lordships
considered relevant to the case.

36 The trial judge also referred to a number of decisions which have
reiterated the observations of the law lords in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ , such as
_McGrath v Wallis_ [1995] 2 FLR 114, where the English Court of Appeal said
that those observations applied to the situation in that case concerning a
father and son. He also referred to: (a) a Privy Council decision on appeal
from Singapore, _viz_ , _Neo Tai Kim v Foo Stie Wah_ [1985] 1 MLJ 397 (“ _Neo
Tai Kim_ ”); and (b) this court’s decision in _Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_
[1999] 4 SLR 560 (“ _Teo Siew Har_ ”) as having followed the judicial trend in
England. These cases require a closer examination for a better understanding
of what they actually decided in relation to the presumption of advancement,
which we will now proceed to do.

_Neo Tai Kim v Foo Stie Wah_

37 In this case, the Privy Council had to decide the beneficial ownership of
six properties and a business which were placed in the name of the wife at the
instance of or with the concurrence of the husband. The trial judge held that
one of the properties purchased as the matrimonial home and also the business
belonged beneficially to the wife, while the remaining five properties were
owned beneficially by the spouses equally as the purchase money came from a
business in which they were equally interested. The Court of Appeal reached
the same conclusion. The husband appealed in relation to the matrimonial home
and the business contending that he was entitled to half of the assets, while
the wife cross-appealed in relation to the five properties arguing that she
was entitled to full ownership thereof. An important issue that arose was the
status of the presumption of advancement under Singapore law. The Privy
Council held that the presumption of advancement was not applicable in
determining the ownership of the matrimonial home as there was a common
intention, as found by the trial judge, that it was to belong to the wife
beneficially. With regard to the five properties, the Privy Council held that
in a case where both spouses were the providers of the purchase money, the
presumption was no more than a circumstance of evidence to rebut the inference
of joint ownership. Lord Brightman, who delivered the judgment of the Privy
Council, said at 399 of the judgment ([36] _supra_):

Counsel for the wife placed before their Lordships a powerful argument that as
the presumption of advancement would have applied if the husband had been the
sole provider of the purchase money, there was no logical reason for reaching
a different conclusion because the purchase money was provided by both
spouses.

The nature of the presumption of advancement is accurately stated in _Snell’s_
Principles of Equity, 27th Edition, pages 176 _et seq_ , under the
distinguished editorship of Sir Robert Megarry V-C. “This presumption of
advancement, as it is called, applies to all cases in which the person
providing the purchase-money is under an equitable obligation to support, or
make provision for, the person to whom the property is conveyed. [_e.g._]
where the former is the husband or father of, or stands in _loco parentis_ to,
the latter… Accordingly, if a man buys property and has it conveyed to his
wife… _prima facie_ this is a gift to her… However, under modern conditions,
with the reduction in the wife’s economic dependence on her husband, the force
of the presumption is much weakened…” The qualification expressed in the final
sentence of this quotation reflects views which had been expressed four years
earlier by Lord Diplock in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ , at page 824. Sir Robert
Megarry rightly referred to “this presumption of advancement, as it is called”
because, as Lord Upjohn pointed out in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ at page 814, “it is
no more than a circumstance of evidence which may rebut the presumption of
resulting trust”, _i.e._ a trust resulting to the husband if he is the
provider of the money. In a case such as the present, where both spouses are
the providers of the money, it is no more than a circumstance of evidence
which may rebut the inference that they are equally interested.

38 Having referred to the presumption of advancement within its historical
context and under modern conditions, Lord Brightman continued with his opinion
on the operation of the presumption in a case where the spouses have both
contributed to the purchase of the properties (at 400) as follows:

In the opinion of their Lordships the presumption of advancement is not an
immutable rule to be applied blindly where there is no direct evidence as to
the common intention of the spouses. It is rather a guideline to be followed
by the court in an appropriate case when it searches for the intention which
ought, in the absence of evidence, to be imputed to the parties. It is proper
for the trial judge to review the background of the case and to decide in
appropriate circumstances that the guideline is not one which can sensibly be
followed in the case before him. In the instant case the trial judge had to
consider the affairs of a Chinese family and the legal effect of the purchase
of a number of houses out of the funds of businesses in which they [the
husband and the wife] were equal partners. The trial judge, with his knowledge
of local conditions, considered it inappropriate to apply the presumption of
advancement to such a case, and so did the Court of Appeal. The view taken by
the trial judge and the Court of Appeal in Singapore as to what is appropriate
to a case concerning the local Chinese community ought not to be disturbed by
their Lordships. Their Lordships therefore accept, as correct, the opinion of
the trial judge and of the Court of Appeal that the circumstances of the
present case were not appropriate for the application of the presumption of
advancement so as to vest the entire beneficial interest in the five
properties in the wife.

39 It is clear from this passage that Lord Brightman did not purport to give
any views on the prevailing social norms and conditions that might affect the
operation of the presumption of advancement to the facts of the case. Instead,
his Lordship relied entirely on the findings of the Court of Appeal on this
point. In this respect, we should also point out that the Court of Appeal,
apart from stating that it had considered _Pettitt v Pettit,_ had also said
nothing about this subject: see _Neo Tai Kim v Foo Stie Wah_ [1980-1981] SLR
215. The Court of Appeal simply held that the presumption was rebutted because
the purchase of the five properties came from joint assets. The Privy Council
agreed with the Court of Appeal. In our view, the Privy Council’s observations
on the presumption of advancement in _Neo Tai Kim_ are relevant to cases of
joint contributions by spouses to the purchase of properties in the name of
the wife, whether as the matrimonial home or as investments.

_McGrath v Wallis_

40 In _McGrath v Wallis_ ([36] _supra_)_,_ the father and his adult son were
living together in a house which the father sold because it was too big for
their needs. To move elsewhere, he needed financing to buy another property.
Because he was unemployed, the building society would not accept him as a sole
mortgagor. The property was accordingly purchased in the names of both the
father and the son. The father then arranged with his solicitors to draw up a
deed of trust to declare that he and his son would hold 80% and 20% of the
property respectively. Although the trust deed was never signed, the father
did not tell the solicitors not to proceed with the declaration of trust. It
was in this context that Nourse LJ held, after referring to _Pettitt v
Pettitt_ ([34] _supra_)_,_ that the presumption of advancement was applicable
but that it was also readily rebutted by comparatively slight evidence in the
case of a father-and-son relationship. In that case, the English Court of
Appeal held that the presumption of advancement was rebutted by three
considerations: (a) the father originally wanted to put the house in his own
name, but he could not get a mortgage from the building society because he was
unemployed and hence, he had to put the name of his son, who qualified for a
loan, as the mortgagor; (b) the father had wanted the trust deed to be signed,
and had not instructed the solicitors that it would not be signed; and (c)
there was no other evidence that the father had decided to divest his interest
in the house.

_Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_

41 In this case, the appellant was a full-time housewife. Her husband had
purchased the property in her name and had arranged for it to be financed on
different occasions. She made no monetary contributions to the property. Chao
Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of this court, accepted the concession
by counsel for the appellant that the application of the presumption of
advancement had diminished in recent years in line with changing social norms.
Chao JA referred to the statement of Lord Diplock in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ ([34]
_supra_) that it would be an abuse of legal technique to apply to transactions
between the post-war generation of married couples presumptions which were
based upon inferences of fact which an earlier generation of judges had drawn
as to the most likely intentions of spouses belonging to the propertied
classes of a different social era. He then referred to _Neo Tai Kim_ and
quoted (at [26]) the following passage from the judgment of Lord Brightman:

In the opinion of their Lordships the presumption of advancement is not an
immutable rule to be applied blindly where there is no direct evidence as to
the common intention of the spouses. It is rather a guideline to be followed
by the court in an appropriate case when it searches for the intention which
ought, in the absence of evidence, to be imputed to the parties. It is proper
for the trial judge to review the background of the case and to decide in
appropriate circumstances that the guideline is not one which can sensibly be
followed in the case before him.

After referring also to _McGrath v Wallis_ ([36] _supra_) and the decision of
the British Columbia Supreme Court in _Russell v Russell_ [1975] 4 WWR 517,
Chao JA concluded thus (at [29]):

Thus the current judicial approach towards the presumption of advancement is
to treat it as an evidential instrument of last resort where there is no
direct evidence as to _the intention of the parties_ rather than as an oft-
applied rule of thumb. [emphasis added]

42 We should point out that counsel for the appellant in _Teo Siew Har_ ([36]
_supra_) had conceded the judicial trend as expressed in the decisions
referred to. However, he also contended that most of the cases which had
accorded lesser importance or usefulness to the presumption of advancement
were those involving matrimonial proceedings, and that these judicial
statements had no application to a claim by a creditor against the husband and
the wife, as was the issue in that case. In that case _,_ the dispute
regarding ownership was not between husband and wife. Counsel for the
appellant thus contended that where the case concerned a creditor of the
husband who was seeking to enforce a judgment against property held in the
wife’s name, the presumption would be more easily applied, all the more so in
a case where the wife was a full-time home maker who had no financial means of
her own and depended entirely upon her husband, like the appellant. The court
rejected this submission and held that how the presumption was to be applied
did not depend on the nature of the proceedings, matrimonial or otherwise, and
that whether or not the presumption would apply in a particular case would
have to depend instead on the facts and circumstances of the case. The court,
citing _Harrods Ltd v Tester_ [1937] 2 All ER 236, did not think that such a
rule as contended for by the appellant could be distilled from the cases.

43 Given the conclusions we have reached in this appeal, based on an
examination of the relevant recent judgments in situations involving
properties purchased by fathers in the names of their children or by husbands
in the names of their wives, we are of the view that counsel’s argument in
_Teo Siew Har_ was not without merit. Although the scenario in _Harrods Ltd v
Tester_ was similar to that in _Teo Siew Har_ in that both involved claims by
creditors, it is apparent from the facts of the former case that the husband
did not intend to make a gift of the money in the bank account to the wife.
There, the husband had opened a bank account in the name of the wife, who gave
a mandate authorising the husband to draw on the account. All payments into
the account were made by the husband, and the wife would ask for the husband’s
consent before she drew on the account. The creditors of the wife sought to
garnish the money in the account. It was held by the English Court of Appeal
in that case that the money belonged to the husband and there was a resulting
trust in favour of the husband. Consequently, it is difficult to see why the
decision in _Harrods Ltd v Tester_ was considered as a refutation of the
argument raised by the appellant’s counsel in _Teo Siew Har_. In our view, it
is correct to say that the cases where the presumption of advancement was held
to have lost its robustness or diminished in importance were cases concerning
joint contributions by married couples in acquiring the matrimonial home or
properties acquired using joint savings. They were not concerned with the
traditional and well-established categories of father–and-child and husband-
and-wife relationships where one party is under a moral or equitable
obligation to support the other party. _Teo Siew Har_ was concerned with the
traditional husband-and-wife relationship where the wife was economically
dependent on the husband. In fact, in _Teo Siew Har,_ this court applied the
presumption without expressly saying so, but it was also able to conclude that
the husband had some interest in the property because he had publicly declared
that the property belonged to him and his wife jointly as he had purchased it
as their matrimonial home. The wife’s appeal was dismissed on the ground that
this was sufficient evidence to ground a Mareva injunction to prevent her from
selling the property and keeping the entire proceeds of sale.

44 It is relevant to note that in _Teo Siew Har,_ Chao JA’s statement (at
[29]) that the use of the presumption should be a last resort is relevant only
in a situation where the court needs to determine the _intention of both
parties._ Cases involving the intention of both parties would normally be
those concerned with property, such as the matrimonial home, where both
parties have contributed or agreed to contribute to the acquisition and
subsequent upkeep of the property. It is obvious that the intention of both
parties would not be relevant in the traditional type of relationship where
the provision or advancement is made unilaterally by the provider. In the
traditional relationship of father-and-child or husband-and-wife, where one
provides for the other, it is always the intention of the provider alone that
is relevant. The presumption of advancement has been applied in England in
such relationships for over two centuries and justified on the basis of a
_moral or equitable obligation_ on the part of one to care for the other. Such
moral obligations do not change even if social conditions change. Hence _,_ we
find it difficult to accept an argument that in modern Singapore, fathers and
husbands have somehow changed their paternal or marital obligations so
radically that the presumption is no longer applicable or should not be
applied. There is no doubt that many married women in Singapore are
financially independent of their husbands. But there are also many of them who
are not or who choose to be housewives in order to look after their husbands,
their children and their homes. Infant children will always be financially
dependent on their fathers and mothers. In our view, in the case of such
relationships, there is no reason to treat the presumption of advancement as
having lost its robustness or diminished in its vigour, and there is no reason
why it should not be applied to resolve questions of title in the absence of
any evidence indicating otherwise.

45 It is also clear from _Neo Tai Kim_ itself that the Privy Council did not
think so in the traditional type of husband and wife relationship, and father
and child relationship. We have earlier referred to a passage in the judgment
of Lord  Brightman where he acknowledged that counsel for the wife had placed
before their Lordships a “powerful argument” that the presumption of
advancement would have applied if the husband had been the sole provider of
the purchase money (see [37] above). In this respect, we agree with the
observation of Lord Upjohn in _Pettitt v Pettitt_ ([34] _supra_ at 813) that
the presumption remains as useful as ever in solving questions of title.

**_Was the presumption of advancement in favour of LGB rebutted?_**

46 For the reasons given in the previous paragraphs, we agree with the trial
judge that the presumption of advancement was _prima facie_ applicable to
Accounts 1 to 6 by virtue of the relationship between LKT and LGB. The issue
that remains to be decided is whether the trial judge was correct in holding
that the presumption was not rebutted by the evidence. The trial judge found
that the only relevant rebuttal evidence was the appellants’ suggestion that
LKT, being 84 years old in 1990, needed the assistance of LGB to operate his
accounts for him, but rejected it as insufficient. Instead, he found that the
$3m that was deposited in Account 6 was more than sufficient for LKT’s
personal needs, and that “[i]f he had not intended for [LGB] to have the
moneys after he died, he would have left instructions for their distribution”
(see _Low Geok Khim_ ([1] _supra_) at [59]). Further, he considered that it
was not likely that a Chinese patriarch like LKT would have intended his sons
and daughters to have equal shares and that his distribution of the shares in
the family company (see [6] above) reflected a more traditional and
conservative outlook. The trial judge accordingly found it more probable than
not that when LKT opened Accounts 1 to 6, he intended LGB to have the money
upon his death.

47 In our view, the proper principle to apply in relation to rebutting the
presumption of advancement is that the more readily the presumption may be
inferred from the relationship, the greater is the evidence needed to rebut
it, and conversely, the less readily the presumption is inferable, the lesser
is the evidence needed to rebut it. Applying this principle, we respectfully
disagree with the trial judge on the conclusion to be drawn from the evidence.

48 The trial judge found that the presumption was not rebutted for the
following reasons: (a) that if LKT had not intended LGB to have the money in
the six joint accounts, he would have left instructions for its distribution;
and (b) as LKT was a typical Chinese patriarch, he was not likely to have
intended to give equal shares to his sons and daughters. In our view, both
these considerations are inconsistent with LKT’s conduct in dying intestate
and leaving another sum of about $7m in his estate to be distributed according
to the law of intestacy. The other fact which was not drawn to the trial
judge’s attention was that at the same time that LKT opened Account 6 in 1990
with the $3m distributed to him from the dissolution of HCKK Realty, LGB had
also received his own distribution of about $2.5m. We should ask whether, in
these circumstances, LKT would have intended to give another $3m to LGB. If he
had such an intention, it would have been easier for him to direct the
liquidators to remit the $3m to LGB directly. The fact that he opened a joint
account with LGB, but made it operative with only one signature, was clearly,
in our view, indicative of an intention to retain full control of the money in
the account rather than to give it away. It might be argued that the intention
was to give it away only upon his death. But, in our view, that is an argument
that has no factual basis on the evidence before us.

49 It may be recalled that although LKT brought LGB along with him to open
Account 6 jointly, it was only for that purpose and none other. LGB candidly
admitted under cross-examination that LKT did not tell him why he was opening
a joint account with him. He also admitted that LKT did not tell him that his
intention in opening the joint accounts in 1983 and 1990 was to give the money
in the accounts to him upon the death of LKT. LGB said he wished LKT had told
him as such. LGB’s attitude when cross-examined seemed to be that he was
brought along for no reason other than to open the joint account. But the
evidence shows that LKT made sure that only he could draw on the joint
account, although he had stipulated that either signature was sufficient to
operate the account. After Account 6 was opened, LGB had nothing more to do
with it. LKT kept the interest accruing on the deposit and also declared it as
his own for income tax purposes. The circumstances relating to the opening of
Account 1 and Accounts 2 to 5 were the same as those for Account 6. In short,
LGB was treated more like a nominee than as a potential beneficiary under the
survivorship clause.

50 Counsel for LGB contended before us that LKT was aware that in opening a
joint account, he was giving away money to the joint signatory. He pointed out
that according to the “Administrator’s Summary” which was circulated to the
beneficiaries of the Estate on or about 5 July 2002 as a summary of all the
information and documents pertaining to the joint accounts, LKT had on one
occasion, in the presence of LGB and Geok Beng, asked Geok Beng to sign some
bank documents to open an account with him. Geok Beng had then said to LKT:
“You sign with Bian”, to which LKT then replied in Hokkien, “Ah Beng doesn’t
want money”. It was argued that this showed that LKT understood that opening a
joint account with Geok Beng was a way of giving money to him. Hence, by
parity of reasoning, when LKT opened Account 6, he intended LGB to have the
money in it. When cross-examined on this point, Geok Beng admitted that he did
not remember when the conversation took place and what LKT had meant by those
words. We note that the trial judge gave no consideration to this
conversation. Neither should we, given the absence of the context in which the
conversation took place and when it took place.

51 The principles that have been applied to determine whether the presumption
of advancement has been rebutted have been settled for a long time. We have
earlier cited the statement of Lord Eldon in _Murless v Franklin_ (see [27]
above) that “[p]ossession taken by the father at the time would amount to such
evidence” sufficient to rebut the presumption of advancement even in cases
where the father has purchased property in the name of the child, but has
retained control over it. We have also referred to the statement of Lord
Langdale MR in _Sidmouth v Sidmouth_ (see [30] above) that “if [the father]
had intended, notwithstanding the transfer to the son, to retain the absolute
dominion in himself, it is probable he would have taken care to extend the
power so as to enable himself to sell and transfer” _._ This was precisely
what LKT did in the case of Account 6, and later Accounts 2 to 5. He retained
absolute dominion, as a fact, of Account 6 in himself. LGB was not given the
opportunity to operate the account. LKT kept all the accrued interest and
retained the power to close and/or deal with Account 6 as he wished, and this
was demonstrated by his opening another four joint accounts with money from
Account 6. Even then, he could have closed all the accounts and retaken
possession of the money in these accounts without the knowledge and consent of
LGB. The same conditions were applicable to Account 1. The present case stands
in stark contrast to cases where property, such as stocks or shares or real
estate, are purchased in the name of the son or jointly with the son, thereby
vesting the title in the son immediately and requiring the consent of the son
if the father wishes to regain title over the property. Here, LKT had full and
complete dominion over the money in the six joint accounts throughout his
life. In our view, this fact is sufficient to rebut the presumption that LKT
intended for LGB to have the money in the joint accounts upon his death.

_Position of joint bank accounts_

52 An instructive illustration of the application of the presumption of
advancement to joint bank accounts may be seen in the decision of the Ontario
Court of Appeal in _Saylor v Madsen Estate_ ([31] _supra_). The facts in that
case are similar to the facts in the present case. The father, who died in
1998, had made one of his daughters (“Ms Brooks”) a joint signatory to his
bank accounts which provided for a right of survivorship. In September 1997,
the joint accounts were closed and the funds deposited into an investment
account, which again was a joint account with Ms Brooks and had a right of
survivorship. The issue was whether the father had intended to make a gift of
that money to Ms Brooks or whether he intended to remain the beneficial owner
of it. The trial judge was of the view that the joint account agreement was
not determinative of the relationship between the father and Ms Brooks. The
evidence showed that from 1991, the father was in control of his finances and
that he claimed all the interest from the joint accounts for tax purposes.
During the father’s lifetime, Ms Brooks did not deposit any of her own money
into the accounts and only drew out cheques on her father’s directions. As a
result, the trial judge found that there was “no evidence to support [Ms
Brook’s] position that [the deceased] intended to gift the contents of his
joint accounts to her”.

53 The Ontario Court of Appeal, in upholding the decision, said (at [27]) that
bank documents could be strong evidence of a party’s intention at the time the
parties signed them, but that they should not be assigned presumptive value
when trying to determine a party’s intention. The probative value of such
documents, like any other relevant evidence, could only be ascertained after
an assessment of the totality of the relevant evidence and, as the case
demonstrated, these documents did not always provide accurate evidence of the
parties’ intent. The court then went on to hold (at [40]) that regardless of
whether the trial judge had applied the presumption of advancement or a
resulting trust, the trial judge’s finding that no gift to Ms Brooks was
intended was correct.

**Conclusion**

54 For the above reasons, we hold that the money in the six joint accounts is
held by LGB on a resulting trust for the Estate. The appeal is therefore
allowed. As regards the costs of the appeal and of the trial in the court
below, we make the following orders:

(a) LGK, the sole administratrix, will be entitled to costs on an indemnity
basis out of the Estate in due course of administration.

(b) The appellants will be paid their costs out of the Estate on a standard
basis.

(c)  LGB will bear his own costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

