Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Westacre Investments Inc v Yugoimport-SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)  
[2006] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | OS 1311/2004, RA 8/2006, 61/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khoo Boo Jin and Tan Hsuan Boon (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the judgment creditor; Lok Vi Ming SC, Kirindeep Singh and Govindarajalu Asokan (Rodyk & Davidson), Gabriel Peter and Calista Peter (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the judgment debtor   
Parties | : |  Westacre Investments Inc — Yugoimport-SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)   
  
Civil Procedure – Foreign judgments – Enforcement – Registration – Whether
foreign judgment that can no longer be sued on in country of origin may be
registered in Singapore – Whether just and convenient for court to enforce
foreign judgment in Singapore – Whether delay in enforcing judgment justified
– Whether court having power to restrict method by which judgment to be
registered may be enforced – Sections 3(3)(a), 3(3)(b) Reciprocal Enforcement
of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Inherent – Whether court having discretion to
direct that foreign judgment to be registered may only be enforced by certain
method – Order 92 r 4, O 92 r 5 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "In so far only as relates to execution" – Section 3(3)(b)
Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Just and convenient" – Section 3(1) Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev-Ed)  
  

28 November 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is an interesting case arising from the registration in Singapore of an
English judgment obtained by Westacre Investments Inc, a company incorporated
in Panama (“the judgment creditor”) against Yugoimport SDPR (“the judgment
debtor”), a state-owned company in the former Yugoslavia, now in Serbia.

2 There is an eventful background to the judgment creditor’s claim against the
judgment debtor, the highlights of which are:

(1) In 28 February 1994, in an arbitration proceedings before the
International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) held in Geneva, Switzerland, the ICC
issued an award whereby the judgment debtor was held, jointly and severally
with another party, a bank, to be liable to pay the judgment creditor
US$50,010,093.36, £1,029,629.37 and interest.

(2) The judgment debtor and the bank appealed against the award, but the
appeal was dismissed by the Swiss Federal Tribunal on 30 December 1994.

(3) In 1995 the judgment creditor commenced proceedings under the UK
Arbitration Act 1975 and the UK Arbitration Act 1950 to enforce the award.

(4) In 1996 the judgment creditor filed an action in England at common law on
the award itself, as distinct from seeking leave to enforce the award.

(5) The two actions were consolidated for hearing before the High Court of
England. On 13 March 1998, the High Court ordered that judgment be entered
against the judgment debtor and the bank jointly and severally for
£41,584,488.86 but execution on the judgment was stayed pending appeal.

(6) The judgment debtor and the bank appealed against the order of the High
Court, but the appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 12 May 1999, and
the House of Lords refused leave to appeal on 20 October 1999.

(7) On 15 November 1999, the Court of Appeal lifted the stay of execution of
the judgment.

3 After the stay was lifted, the judgment creditor took steps to enforce the
English judgment in England. In enforcement proceedings between 1999 and 2004,
it recovered a part of the judgment debt.

4 However the judgment creditor did nothing towards the enforcement of the
English judgment in Singapore till 5 October 2004 when it applied for and
obtained an order to have the judgment registered under s 3 of the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RECJA”).

5 In December 2004, the judgment debtor received notice of the registration,
and it applied to set aside the registration on 2 June 2005. The judgment
debtor’s application was heard before an Assistant Registrar. The judgment
debtor’s application proceeded on two main fronts, firstly, that the
application to register the judgment was time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) and secondly, the judgment creditor’s
application to register the judgment was lacking in merits.

6 The judgment debtor’s arguments did not find favour with the Assistant
Registrar who heard the application. The hearing proceeded in two parts. The
limitation issue was argued as a preliminary point, and when that failed, the
merits of the application were argued and the judgment debtor also failed on
this issue.  The judgment debtor filed separate appeals against each of the
Assistant Registrar’s rulings. When the appeals came before me, the issues
were vigorously argued again.

7 At this stage, it is useful to set out the main statutory provisions which
have to be considered. Section 3(1), (2) and (3) of the RECJA provide that:

**3.** \- (1) Where a judgment has been obtained in a superior court of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland the judgment creditor may
apply to the High Court at any time within 12 months after the date of the
judgment, or such longer period as may be allowed by the Court, to have the
judgment registered in the Court, and on any such application the High Court
may, if in all the circumstances of the case it thinks it is just and
convenient that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore, and subject to
this section, order the judgment to be registered accordingly.

Restrictions on registration.

(2) No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if -

(a) the original court acted without jurisdiction;

(b) the judgment debtor, being a person who was neither carrying on business
nor ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction of the original court, did not
voluntarily appear or otherwise submit or agree to submit to the jurisdiction
of that court;

(c) the judgment debtor, being the defendant in the proceedings, was not duly
served with the process of the original court and did not appear,
notwithstanding that he was ordinarily resident or was carrying on business
within the jurisdiction of that court or agreed to submit to the jurisdiction
of that court;

(d) the judgment was obtained by fraud;

(e) the judgment debtor satisfies the registering court either that an appeal
is pending, or that he is entitled and intends to appeal, against the
judgment; or

(f) the judgment was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of
public policy or for some other similar reason could not have been entertained
by the registering court.

(3) Where a judgment is registered under this section –

(a) the judgment shall, as from the date of registration, be of the same force
and effect, and proceedings may be taken thereon, as if it had been a judgment
originally obtained or entered upon the date of registration in the
registering court;

(b) the registering court shall have the same control and jurisdiction over
the judgment as it has over similar judgments given by itself, but in so far
only as relates to execution under this section;

(c) the reasonable costs of and incidental to the registration of the judgment
(including the costs of obtaining a certified copy thereof from the original
court and of the application for registration) shall be recoverable in like
manner as if they were sums payable under the judgment.

8 On the question of limitation, s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act stipulates
that:

6.- (1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

and s 24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980 of England states that:

(1) An action shall not be brought upon any judgment after the expiration of
six years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable.

9 Counsel for the judgment debtor made the following arguments in the appeal:

(a) the application for registration was out of time,

(b) the English judgment is, by the judgment debtor’s term, dead, because
“(u)nder section 24(1) [of the Limitation Act 1980] an action upon a judgment
(or, in this case, an application to register a foreign judgment) must be
brought within six (6) years”,

(c) the English judgment constituted an implied debt under Singapore law, and
an action on the implied debt is time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation
Act,

(d) if the English judgment was not time-barred for enforcement, the judgment
creditor needed leave from the English courts to enforce the judgment before
seeking registration in Singapore, and

(e) even if the English judgment is not dead or time-barred, and no leave is
required from the English courts, it was not just and convenient that it be
registered in Singapore.[note: 1]

The first four arguments raised limitation issues, and the fifth argument
addressed the merits of the judgment creditor’s application to register the
judgment.

10 The judgment debtor based its “dead judgment” argument on the proposition
that the right to sue on a judgment is distinct from the right to enforce
execution on a judgment. This proposition derives its authority from the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in _W.T. Lamb & Sons v Rider_ [1948] 2
All ER 402 (“ _Lamb_ ”). Scott LJ considered the effect of s 2(4) of the
Limitation Act 1939 (the precursor of s 24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980) and
concluded at 407 that:

… the right to sue on a judgment has always been regarded as a matter quite
distinct from the right to issue execution under it and that the two
conceptions have been the subject of different treatment. Execution is
essentially a matter of procedure – machinery which the court can, subject to
the rules from time to time in force, operate for the purpose of enforcing its
judgments or orders.

and in the House of Lords’ decision in _Lowsley_ _v Forbes_ [1999] 1 AC 329 (“
_Lowsley_ ”), Lord Lloyd of Berwick stated expressly in the context of the
Limitation Act 1980 that:

“Action” in section 24(1) means a fresh action and does not include
proceedings by way of execution.

11 Further explanation on the effect of s 24(1) is found in Andrew McGee’s
Limitation Periods (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2002) where the author
explained in para 17.003:

Section 24 of the 1980 Act provides that no action shall be brought upon a
judgment more than six years after the date on which it became enforceable.
The practice of bringing an action on a judgment was common in the days when
the common law presumption was that a judgment was satisfied after a year and
a day if no execution had been issued. In such cases the only way to “enforce”
the judgment was by an action of debt upon it. Even today bringing a second
action in this way is a matter of right, although the court may decline to
give judgment in the second action if it regards it as an abuse of process. In
determining whether it is an abuse of process, the availability of execution
is a relevant factor.

and in para 17.005:

It is essential to understand that this section applies only to the process of
bringing an action upon a judgment. It does not extend to seeking execution of
a judgment: the latter is a purely procedural step, and is not an “action”
within the meaning of the 1980 Act. The provision is of only very limited
importance at the present day, since the bringing of an action upon a judgment
is rare: the most common example at the present day is where a foreign
judgment is not registrable because there are no reciprocal arrangements
between England and the jurisdiction where the judgment was given. … The House
of Lords held [in _Lowsley v Forbes_] that the word “action” in section 24(1)
of the 1980 Act meant a fresh action, and did not include proceedings by way
of execution. Accordingly, the section did not bar execution of a judgment
after six years, but only barred the bringing of a fresh action on the
judgment.

12 What follows from these statements? Under the Limitation Act 1980, the
judgment debt cannot be the subject of a fresh action after six years. But
that being an English act, it does not apply directly to the present
application to register the judgment in Singapore.

13 If the judgment was entirely spent in England, _e.g._ a memorandum of
satisfaction has been entered against it, it may be argued that there is
nothing left of it to be registered under s 3 of the RECJA. However, the
judgment debtor’s case was not pitched at that level; its argument was that as
the judgment debt cannot be sued on again after six years under English law,
then by analogy, the judgment debt cannot be registered abroad as a foreign
judgment. No support from any statutory, judicial or other source was cited to
establish this extended effect.

14 That reasoning rests on the premise that under s 3 of the RECJA, a foreign
judgment cannot be registered in Singapore if it cannot be sued on in the
country of origin. The defect in this argument is that it is confused over
whether English law or Singapore law governs the registration. A court in
Singapore in deciding whether to register an English judgment should not be
applying s 24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980. The limitation statute to be
applied is the Limitation Act, which does not set a time limit on applications
to _register_ foreign judgments.

15 The Limitation Act imposes a time limitation when a party seeks to _sue_ on
a foreign money judgment in Singapore. Such an action would be a claim in
contract as a foreign money judgment creates an implied contract by the
judgment debtor to pay the judgment sum to the judgment creditor, as has long
been established in _Dupleix v De Roven_ [1705] 2 Vern 540 and _Grant v
Easton_ (1883-84) LR 13 QBD 302. In such a situation, s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act would apply and extinguish the right to sue when six years have
elapsed from the date of judgment.

16 Whether the action in Singapore is to register the English judgment, or to
sue upon it, s 24(1) of the Limitation Act 1980 does not apply, and there is
no basis for the judgment debtor’s contention.

**Whether the application can be made**

17 The judgment was registered well after the usual 12-month period for
registration provided in s 3(1) of the RECJA. The provision allows older
judgments to be registered if “it is just and convenient that the judgment
should be enforced in Singapore”. There is no time limit for such
applications, so while the judgment creditor’s application in this case is
much delayed, it can still be made.

18 Where the judgment creditor has been slow to take action to register the
judgment, the onus is on it to establish that it is just and convenient that
the judgment be registered despite the delay.

19 A delay may sometimes be unavoidable. A judgment is not registrable under
the RECJA immediately after it is obtained. Section 3(2)(e) of the RECJA
provides that a judgment shall not be registered if the judgment debtor
satisfies the registering court either that an appeal is pending, or that he
is entitled and intends to appeal, against the judgment. The registration
cannot proceed even without the judgment debtor having to satisfy the court
that the judgment is under appeal, or that it may be appealed against. Order
67 rule 3(1)(c) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) requires the
applicant for registration to state by affidavit that the judgment does not
fall within any of the cases in which a judgment may not be registered under s
3(2) of the Act. This would be a valid reason for a delay.

20 In the present case, the 12-month period ran out on 13 March 1999 although
the judgment creditor could only commence registration proceedings in
Singapore at the earliest on 20 October 1999, when the House of Lords refused
the judgment debtor leave to appeal. That would justify a delay up to 20
October 1999. But the application was filed much later on 5 October 2004 when
it was more than six and a half years after obtaining judgment on 13 March
1998 or two weeks short of five years after leave to appeal was refused on 20
October 1999.

**Whether it is just and convenient to register the judgment**

21 “Just and convenient” is not a term of precision. However, it has received
the benefit of judicial construction. The Court of Appeal in _Yong Tet Miaw v
MBf Finance Bhd_ [1992] 2 SLR 761 recognised that those words in s 3(1) of the
RECJA do not give an untrammelled discretion to the courts, and adopted the
construction of Fletcher Moulton LJ in _Edwards & Co v Picard_ [1909] 2 KB 903
of the term “just or convenient” in s 25(8) of the Judicature Act 1873 to be
similar to “where it is practicable and the interests of justice require of
it”.

22 Two cases relating to the late registration of foreign judgments were cited
by counsel. One was the Privy Council decision in _Quinn v Pres-T-Con Ltd_
[1986] 1 WLR 1216 (“ _Quinn_ ”). In this case, a judgment was obtained from
the High Court of England on 22 October 1975 arising from a fatal industrial
accident.

23 Subsequently, an application was made to register the judgment in Trinidad
and Tobago under s 3 of the Judgments Extension Ordinance which reads:

Where a judgment has been obtained in a superior court in the United Kingdom,
the judgment creditor, on production of a certified copy of the judgment, may
apply to the Supreme Court, at any time within 12 months after the date of the
judgment, or such longer period as may be allowed by the court, to have the
judgment registered in the court, and on any such application the court may,
if in all the circumstances of the case it thinks it is just and convenient
that the judgment should be enforced in the colony, and subject to the
provisions of this Ordinance, order the judgment to be registered accordingly.

on 27 October 1976, _ie_ a year and five days after the judgment. The
application was granted. An application to set aside the registration was
dismissed, but an appeal to the Court of Appeal succeeded, and the
registration was set aside. The matter then went on appeal to the Privy
Council.

24 The appeal was allowed, and leave to register the judgment was restored.
Lord Brandon of Oakbrook who delivered the decision of the Board held at 1222:

There was no evidence to show that the expiry of the extra five days had
caused, or could conceivably have caused, any prejudice of any kind to the
second defendants. That being so, the only way in which Warner J [the judge
who dismissed the application to set aside] could properly have exercised his
discretion was by allowing the plaintiff the extra five days. Any decision by
him not to do so would, in the circumstances of the case, have been plainly
wrong.

His Lordship made no reference to any reason that may have been given for the
delay in the application to register the judgment.

25 The second case is a decision of the Supreme Court of the Australian
Capital Territory, _Westpac Banking Corporation v Szentessy_ (1985) 65 ACTR
39. This was a case relating to an application made under s 21 of the Service
and Execution of Process Act 1901, which is not set out in the report, to have
a judgment obtained in Victoria registered in the Australian Capital
Territory. The brief report disclosed that under the Act the judgment should
have been registered in 12 months, but there is no indication how late the
application was. In the short judgment of the court, Blackburn CJ allowed the
application, stating:

[L]eave should be given unless it appears to the court that there is some
special reason why it should not give leave.

26 _Quinn_ , a Privy Council decision on a provision of an act which is
similar to s 3 of our RECJA, would normally be regarded as authoritative and
persuasive. However, with great respect, I am unable to take the approach
taken by Lord Brandon. In a situation where a party needs a court’s leave to
do anything, the onus is on that party to satisfy the court that it is
entitled to the leave, _e.g_. that the application to register is made within
the 12-month period, or that it had presented a case on which the court can
exercise its discretion despite the party’s failure to apply within 12 months,
to grant leave to register. For the same reason, I will not adopt Blackburn
CJ’s approach.

27 A court in deciding whether to allow an application to register a judgment
should not only look at the prejudice to the judgment debtor. It should look
at all relevant factors, particularly the reasons for the delay, in addition
to the prejudice to the judgment creditor.

28 The starting point must be the delay. If an applicant comes before me to
apply for leave to register a judgment out of time, and offers no reason other
than that the judgment debtor will not suffer prejudice, I will be very
reluctant to grant the application.

29 Where a good reason for the delay is given, _e.g_. that registration was
not possible under s 3(2)(e) RECJA read with O 67 r 3(1)(c) of the Rules of
Courts, as the judgment is still under appeal during the 12-month period, or
that the judgment creditor had not applied for registration during that period
because of the judgment debtor’s broken promise to make payment after that
period, that would carry weight. The reason for the delay and the prejudice
that the judgment debtor would suffer would form a proper basis for a decision
whether it is just and convenient to allow registration.

30 I find support from another line of cases cited to me. These are English
decisions for leave to issue a writ of execution out of time. Under O 46 r
2(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (which is similar to O 46 r 2(1) of our Rules of
Court), a judgment creditor must obtain the leave of court to issue a writ of
execution where six years have elapsed from the date of the judgment.

31 In _National Westminster Bank plc v Powney_ [1990] 2 All ER 416, the bank
was a mortgagee of a lodge and a field owned by the defendant. When the
defendant failed to make payment to the bank, the bank obtained a judgment on
25 September 1980 against the defendant for £20,000 and for the defendant to
give up possession of the lodge. No payment was made, and in November 1985 the
bank obtained a writ for possession which was not executed as the defendant
applied to set it aside. The writ was stayed pending the disposal of the
defendant’s application, but the hearing of that application was not heard for
more than two years for reasons beyond the control of the parties. In October
1988, the writ was set aside on the ground that the renewal of it more than
six years after 1980 was barred by s 24 of the Limitation Act 1980.

32 The bank appealed against the decision. The Court of Appeal allowed the
appeal. Slade LJ in delivering the judgment of the Court held at 431:

It is in our judgment a cardinal principle of procedural law that no party
should suffer unnecessarily from delay which is not his fault but rather a
fault in the administration of justice. It is an unfortunate but unavoidable
fact that courts cannot hear and determine every application on the day when
it is first made.

and at 432-3:

It is, however, necessary to bear in mind that six years have elapsed since
the 1980 order was made. The right to sue on it as a judgment, for monetary
relief, is time-barred unless there has been part payment or an appropriate
monetary acknowledgment. In many, perhaps most, cases this might be a powerful
reason for refusing, as a matter of principle, leave to issue a fresh warrant
for possession. … But on the particular facts of this case, which we hope are
exceptional, it would not be right to refuse leave as a matter of discretion
on that ground.

33 In _Duer v Frazer_ [2001] 1 WLR 919, the judgment creditor obtained a
judgment against the judgment debtor in Germany in March 1984, and registered
it in England four months later. The German judgment was enforceable for 30
years. In 1988 the judgment creditor employed inquiry agents to trace the
judgment debtor and identify assets on which the judgment could be executed.
The agents discovered the judgment debtor living on a Caribbean island.
However, the judgment creditor did nothing till 2000, when she applied for
leave to issue execution on the judgment under O 46 r 2 of the Rules of the
Supreme Court, as more than six years had elapsed since the date of the
judgment. A master granted leave, then revoked it and the matter came on
appeal before Evans-Lombe J in the High Court.

34 The learned judge dismissed the appeal and ruled at para 25 of his
judgment:

… [T]he court would not, in general, extend time beyond the six years save
where it is demonstrably just to do so. The burden of demonstrating this
should, in my judgment, rest on the judgment creditor. Each case must turn on
its own facts but, in the absence of very special circumstances such as were
present in the National Westminster Bank case, the court will have regard to
such matters as the explanation given by the judgment creditor for not issuing
execution during the initial six-year period, or for any delay thereafter in
applying to extend that period, and any prejudice which the judgment debtor
may have been subject to as a result of such delay including, in particular,
any change of position by him as a result which has occurred. The longer the
period that has been allowed to lapse since the judgment the more likely it is
that the court will find prejudice to the judgment debtor.

35 The Court of Appeal addressed the same question in _Patel v Singh_ [2002]
EWCA Civ 1938. In this case, the judgment creditor obtained judgment in
September 1992. The judgment creditor obtained a writ of fieri facias in July
1994 but was unable to enforce it as the judgment debtor was working in
Germany. In May 2002 the judgment creditor applied for permission to issue a
writ of execution under O 46 r 2(1)(a) of the Rules of the Supreme Court on
the ground that she had recently come into contact with the judgment debtor.

36 A master refused permission but a judge granted leave on appeal, and the
matter went before the Court of Appeal. Peter Gibson LJ who delivered the
judgment of the court dealt with the effect of O 46 r 2(1)(a) of the Rules of
Supreme Court. He referred to _National Westminster Bank plc v Powney_ (see
_supra_ [31]) and _Duer v Frazer_ (see _supra_ [33]) and concluded at para 21
of his judgment that:

The policy of the rule seems to me to be that ordinarily after six years
permission will not be given and that is underlined by the provisions of Ord
46 r 4(2), requiring the judgment creditor to explain his delay. In contrast
there is no rule that the judgment debtor is to file evidence to state what
prejudice, if any, he has suffered by the delay. In my judgment, therefore,
consistently with that what this court said in Powney, the court must start
from the position that the lapse of six years may, and will ordinarily, in
itself justify refusing the judgment creditor permission to issue the writ of
execution, unless the judgment creditor can justify the granting of permission
by showing that the circumstances of his or her case takes it out of the
ordinary. That may be done by showing the presence of something in relation to
the judgment creditor’s own position, or, as Sir Anthony Evans suggested in
the course of the argument, in relation to the judgment debtor’s position.
Thus the judgment creditor might be able to point, for example, to the fact
that for many years but that, on the judgment creditor winning the lottery or
having some other change of financial fortune, it has become worthwhile for
the judgment creditor to seek to pursue the judgment debtor.

and allowed the appeal, and restored the master’s order.

37 Three rules can be drawn from the decisions:

(i) generally leave to execute will not be given after six years have elapsed
from the date of judgment,

(ii) the onus is on the judgment creditor to justify an extension of time, and

(iii) in deciding whether to extend time, the court will consider the reason
for the judgment creditor’s delay and the prejudice an extension of time may
have on the judgment debtor.

38 An application to issue a writ of execution after six years and an
application to register a judgment after 12 months share an essential
characteristic: both are applications to enable a judgment creditor to take
steps towards the enforcement of a judgment out of time.

39 I find the rules established in these three cases relevant and applicable
to late applications for registration. In applying these principles to
applications for leave to register a judgment under the RECJA, the 12-month
period will apply instead of the six-year period. With that adjustment, it may
be less onerous to explain a delay beyond 12 months, and the potential
prejudice on the judgment debtor may be lower.

40 Having said that, the delay in this case is substantial. Under s 3(1) of
the RECJA, the application to register the judgment should have been made by
13 March 1999. When the application was made on 5 October 2004, that was more
than five and a half years late. Even if we take the effective date from which
the application could be filed to be the date when leave to appeal was
refused, i.e. 20 October 1999, the delay was still just two weeks short of
four years.

**Reasons for the delay in the registration**

41 The judgment creditor’s explanation for the delay in registering the
judgment in Singapore is that it only came to know from an unnamed source in
the former Yugoslavia in late July 2004 that there was a sum of approximately
US$14.8m held in a fixed deposit account in Singapore by Deuteron (Asia) Pte
Ltd (“Deuteron”) on behalf of the judgment debtor.

42 However, its counsel pointed out that the judgment creditor had not sat on
its hands, at least as far as England is concerned. Within a week of the
lifting of the stay of execution, garnishee proceedings were commenced which
ultimately resulted in the recovery of £1,630,919.20 towards the satisfaction
of the judgment debt in 2004.

43 The judgment creditor gave two reasons for not taking action earlier in
Singapore. The first reason was that it was deceived by the judgment debtor.
The judgment debtor, in an affidavit filed in February 1998 in support of its
application for a stay of execution by an English solicitor V E Pitroff,
deposed that the judgment debtor’s own assets in Serbia are extremely limited.
The judgment creditor had referred the affidavit to its Yugoslav lawyer, S
Protic, who reviewed it and advised that it had given a correct report on the
financial state of the judgment debtor. Pitroff filed a further affidavit in
February 1999 to state that the judgment debtor was in a parlous financial
condition.

44 The judgment creditor’s submission was that it was entitled to rely on the
judgment debtor’s declarations of its poor financial condition, and it was
justified in not taking action earlier.

45 The second reason was that events in Yugoslavia and the peculiar status of
the judgment debtor in the Yugoslavia state were such that recovery action was
not practicable. The judgment creditor described Yugoslavia to be in a state
of war, bloodshed, political turmoil and instability between 1997 and 2002,
and alleged that the judgment debtor played a central role in the country’s
military procurement and national defence.

46 Do the two reasons justify the delay in registration? The judgment creditor
complained that the judgment debtor had been consistently uncooperative in
meeting the judgment, and had not made any payment voluntarily.

47 There is no evidence that the judgment creditor had reposed its trust in
the judgment debtor. The recovery action the judgment creditor took in England
showed that it did not believe that the judgment debtor had no assets and that
recovery action could not be taken, and the English enforcement actions had
brought results.

48 Nevertheless, M B Savage Jr, the American legal counsel of the judgment
creditor stated in an affidavit:

I consider it impractical, to say the least, to expect Westacre to have made
continuing inquiries of the Yugoslav authorities or searches of Yugoslav
governmental records given the political situation in the country and [the
judgment debtor’s] role in the country’s military procurement and national
defence.[note: 2]

49 The judgment creditor described the conditions in Yugoslavia between 1997
and 2002 as volatile and unstable. There was no suggestion that those
conditions continued after 2002, or that any recovery action was attempted or
thwarted before 2002, or thereafter up to 2004 when the application to
register the judgment was made.

50 The judgment creditor also contended that:

[I]t should be borne in mind that before July 2004, the Judgment Creditors
were not aware of the fact that the Judgment Debtors held shares in a
Singapore company. It would not have been possible for the Judgment Creditors
to have approached the Serbian authorities with a specific enquiry about the
Judgment Debtors’ shareholdings in Singapore.[note: 3]

51 The judgment debtor rejected the judgment creditor’s explanations and
asserted that if the judgment creditor made a search at the Registry of
Companies Incorporated Abroad, the search would reveal that the judgment
debtor held shares in Deuteron.

52 The judgment creditor needs to do more than to aver to its opinion that a
search could not be done. As it had not made a search, it has to demonstrate
now that it had acted reasonably in not doing that. A proper response would be
to state that it obtained advice at that time from people with knowledge and
experience of the state of affairs in Yugoslavia, or that even if it had made
a search, it would not have yielded information on the Deuteron shareholding,
and to back it up with evidence of the rejected search application or
applications, or of the results of a search which do not disclose the
shareholding in Deuteron, even if it is made only for the purpose of these
proceedings.

**The effect of registration**

53 In England, under O 46 r 2(1)(a) of the Rules of the Supreme Court, a writ
of execution to enforce a judgment or order may not be issued without the
leave of court where six years or more have elapsed since the date of the
judgment or order. The position is the same under O 46 r 2(1)(a) of our Rules
of Court.

54 By the time the judgment creditor filed its application to register the
judgment in Singapore, more than six years had elapsed from 13 March 1998,
when the judgment was obtained. When the judgment is registered, s 3(3)(a) of
the RECJA states that it shall have the same force and effect as if it had
been obtained upon the date of registration.

55 The effect of s 3(3)(a) is that whereas leave is required for the issue of
a writ of execution on the judgment in England, no leave is required for that
to be issued in Singapore upon registration because the six-year period has
not elapsed. This is a prejudice to the judgment debtor if the judgment is
registered.

56 It may be argued that the prejudice should be disregarded because some
prejudice is inevitable to the judgment debtor whenever a judgment is
registered under the RECJA. At the least, the territorial jurisdiction for the
enforcement of the judgment is extended to Singapore, and the time period is
extended to run from the date of registration instead of the date of judgment.
While this is correct, it has to be recognised that these inevitable forms of
prejudice should not be strong factors against registration because no
registration will be possible if they are regarded as bars to registration.
Having said that, the period of the extension of the period of enforceability,
as distinct from an extension _per se_ , should still be taken into
consideration.

57 In the present case, the easier access to enforcement through writs of
execution is not an inherent consequence of registration. When it occurs, the
prejudice must be taken into account in deciding whether registration is to be
allowed.

58 This issue was touched on in the hearing before the Assistant Registrar. In
the arguments, counsel for the judgment creditor submitted that the rule did
not prohibit all forms of enforcement after six years without leave. _Ezekiel
v Orakpo_ [1997] 1 WLR 340, a decision of the Court of Appeal dealing with the
effect of O 46 r 2(1) of the Rules of Supreme Court, was cited as support.

59 In that decision, Millett LJ referred to O 46 r 1 which defines a “writ of
execution” to include:

[A] writ of fieri facias, a writ of possession, a writ of delivery, a writ of
sequestration and any further writ in aid of any of the aforementioned writs.

and arrived at the conclusion, at 343-4 that:

It is true that the definition is inclusive rather than exhaustive, but what
is noticeable is that every single writ described in rule 1 is a writ which is
issued by the court on the application of the plaintiff without any hearing by
a judicial officer of any kind. The writ is issued by a clerk in the office on
being supplied with a copy of the judgment. The situations described in rule 2
are all situations where the writ of execution ought not to issue as of right
without some further consideration by the court, because in every situation
there mentioned some further investigation is called for. It is plain,
therefore, that the object of the rule is that, in certain relevant
situations, the court should have an opportunity to investigate before the
writ of execution should issue.

Applications for garnishee or charging orders are not within the mischief of
the rule, because application has to be made to the court in order to obtain
the order sought.

60 Probably with those pronouncements in mind, counsel for the judgment
creditor informed the Assistant Registrar during the hearing that:

As far as the execution proceedings contemplated in Singapore are concerned,
they are garnishee proceedings.”[note: 4]

61 That statement may have led the Assistant Registrar to allow the
registration to stand, but with the restriction that the registration was “for
execution by way of garnishee proceedings only.”

**Whether the restriction is proper**

62 The Assistant Registrar explained:

I noted that s 3(3)(b) of the Act also states that “the registering court
shall have the same control and jurisdiction over the judgment as it has over
similar judgment given by itself, but insofar as it relates to execution.” To
me, this provision certainly gave the court the power to direct that any
judgment that was registered should only be enforced by a certain method, the
approved method in this case being garnishee proceedings. If the source of
such power was not in s 3(3)(b), then the court could still have recourse to
its inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 (to make any order as may be
necessary to prevent injustice) or its general power under O 92 r 5 (to make
such further orders incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as
may be necessary in any case).[note: 5]

63 Order 92 rr 4 and 5 read:

**4.** For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these
Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to
make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse
of the process of the Court.

**5.** Without prejudice to Rule 4, the Court may make or give such further
orders or directions incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as
may be necessary in any case.

64 The explanation appears at first sight to avert the prejudice to the
judgment debtor. If no leave is necessary for garnishee proceedings in England
after six years, the restricted registration of the judgment in Singapore does
not place the judgment debtor in a worse position.

65 However, the restriction is only an answer if such a restriction can be
made under the provisions of the RECJA. The act lays down the circumstances
under which judgments may be registered and the circumstances in which they
may not be registered. Nothing in the act authorizes a judgment to be
registered on the condition that it shall not enjoy the full benefit of
registration.

66 The Assistant Registrar had regarded the words “insofar as it relates to
execution” in s 3(3)(b) of the RECJA to give her the power to direct the
registration of the judgment with the restriction that it shall only be
enforced by garnishee proceedings.

67 It does not appear to be the purport of those words. Section 3(3) refers to
the effect of registration. Section 3(3)(a) deals with the registered
judgment. It states that the registered judgment shall, from the date of
registration, have the same force and effect as a judgment of the registering
court. Section 3(3)(b) deals with the powers of the registering court. It
states that the registering court’s powers shall be the same as those it has
over its own judgments, but only insofar as they relate to execution. This is
entirely in keeping with the purpose and effect of registration. The
registering court does not require and does not have other powers, _e.g._ the
powers to vary or set aside the registered judgment, though it has the power
to set aside the registration of the judgment.

68 What is stated in the foregoing paragraph is not new. Warren L H Khoo J
discussed the effect of s 3(3)(b) of the RECJA in _Re Cheah Theam Swee_ [1996]
2 SLR 76 at 83-84 and concluded that:

The purpose of para (b) of sub-s (3), it seems to me, is that once a judgment
has passed the hurdles set out in sub-ss (1) and (2), and has been registered,
it must be given effect according to its terms. No proceedings to impeach its
validity are to be allowed. In other words the judgment debtor is not
permitted to go behind the judgment any more.

Paragraph (b) gives the registering court the same control and jurisdiction
over the registered judgment as if it was a judgment of its own. Without the
words ‘but in so far as relates to the execution under this section’, it might
be open to the judgment debtor to argue that the registering court has the
jurisdiction to entertain proceedings to impeach the registered judgment, on
ground such as that the original court had made a mistake of fact or of law.
The purpose of adding this qualification in para (b), it seems to me, is to
forestall this possibility, so that once the judgment has passed the hurdle
set out in sub-ss (1) and (2), it is to be treated as final and conclusive. If
the judgment debtor wishes to challenge it on any ground not set out in those
subsections, he has to go before the originating court, and not the
registering court. In other words, the intention of para (b) of sub-s (3) is
to confer a jurisdiction on the registering court to carry out the terms of
the registered judgment, once it has been registered, and to entertain all
proceedings to that end, but not proceedings seeking to go back on the
judgment.

69 Section 3(3)(b) of the RECJA does not give the court power to impose the
restriction. If a judgment deserves to be registered, it should be registered
with full effect. Conversely, if the judgment does not deserve to be
registered because registration would result in prejudice to the judgment
debtor, it should not be registered in a restricted form.

70 Order 92 r 4 and r 5 cannot be invoked to impose such a restriction. The
restriction cannot be justified as being necessary to prevent injustice or to
prevent an abuse of the process of the Court, and it is not a necessary
incidental or consequential order to give effect to a registration which when
approved, is intended to be effective without restriction.

71 Without the restriction, the prejudice to the judgment debtor is clear, and
that is that the judgment creditor can issue writs of execution against it in
Singapore without the leave of court, though leave of court is necessary in
England.

**Conclusion**

72 As no valid reasons were given by the judgment creditor for the delay in
applying for registration, I find that it is not just or convenient that the
judgment be registered despite the delay. The prejudice that the registration
will bring on the judgment debtor is a further factor that militates against
registration.

73 I set aside the registration of the judgment and vary the Assistant
Registrar’s order on costs. The judgment debtor shall have the costs here and
below on the “just and convenient” issue, and the judgment creditor shall have
costs here and below on the limitation issue.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Judgment Debtor’s Skeletal Closing Submissions para 1

[note: 2] Affidavit of M B Savage Jr filed on 7 November 2005 para 8.

[note: 3] Judgment Creditors’ Concluding Submissions para 79.

[note: 4] Notes of Evidence 21 December 2005 page 12

[note: 5] Notes of Evidence 16 February 2006 pages 25 – 26.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

