Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hong Guet Eng v Wu Wai Hong (liquidator of Xiang Man Lou Food Court Pte
Ltd)  
[2006] SGHC 42

Case Number | : | OS 1534/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mak Kok Weng (Mak & Partners) for the plaintiff; Christopher Tan Ming Tatt (Lee & Tan) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Hong Guet Eng — Wu Wai Hong (liquidator of Xiang Man Lou Food Court Pte Ltd)   
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Plaintiff's
alleged loan to company unaccompanied by any terms or conditions – Plaintiff
filing proof of debt with liquidator of company upon company's voluntary
winding up over 20 years later – Whether plaintiff's claim time-barred under s
6 Limitation Act – Section 6 Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Section 6 Limitation Act
providing for applicable time-bar with regards to claims under contract –
Whether s 6 applicable to family and friendly loans – Whether legislative
intent to exempt family and friendly loans from application of s 6 existing –
Section 6 Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

15 March 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction**

1 The present proceedings raise two points of general importance. The first
relates to the possible need for reform of our Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Ed) in so far as (in particular) friendly loans are concerned.

2 The second is more general and is a timely reminder that, in the quest for
justice, existing legal principles must be respected. In particular, where the
application of a statutory provision in the context of established and
existing legal principles is clear, the courts cannot ignore it. The courts
cannot, under such circumstances, “invent” a means of evading the statute.
Still less can the courts “invent” a means that is itself not only
inconsistent with existing legal principles but is also incapable of being
independently justified. All this is both logical and commonsensical, and is
virtually always confirmed or clinched by the legal coherence underlying the
statutory provision and legal principles concerned.

3 Before elaborating on these two points, it would be appropriate to set out,
in brief, the factual background in the present proceedings.

4 The plaintiff’s case was that she was a shareholder of a company and had
made two loans to the company on 8 March 1985 and 29 May 1985 for the sums of
$61,500 and $20,000, respectively. She further claimed that the company had
issued two receipts, one for each loan. It is significant to note that there
were _no conditions or terms whatsoever accompanying this alleged loan._ This
is significant because this would mean that the time under the Limitation Act
would begin to run from the very date of the loans themselves. There was also
no basis on which the plaintiff could have argued that it was a pre-condition
of the loans that the obligation to repay the loans would only run from the
time of the making of a demand or on a future date. Indeed, this would
probably have been so even if there were a simple “on demand” provision
without more, unless the contrary could somehow be inferred from the terms of
the loans themselves (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Von Goetz v Rogers_ [1998] EWCA Civ 1328 at [19]; the English High Court
decision of _Re Westminster Property Management Ltd_ [2002] EWHC 52 (Ch) at
[43]; as well as the oft-cited observation by Chitty J in the older English
High Court decision of _In re J Brown’s Estate_ [1893] 2 Ch 300 at 304–305).
Indeed, Waite LJ, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Boot v Boot_
(1997) 73 P & CR 137, observed thus (at 138):

There is a principle of common law, well established by authority although its
logic may not be immediately apparent to a layman, that a contract of loan
under which the money lent is expressed to become repayable to the lender on
demand imposes an immediate obligation of repayment upon the borrower from the
outset of the loan, regardless of whether any demand for payment is made or
not.

It bears repeating that this was clearly a situation where there was not even
an “on demand” provision present to begin with.

5 The company was wound up voluntarily on 12 July 2005 and the defendant was
appointed its liquidator.

6 The plaintiff then lodged proof of debt with the defendant. However, the
defendant rejected her claim. The defendant alleged, first, that the
plaintiff’s husband was a signatory to the statutory declaration of solvency
which was annexed to a list of the company’s assets and liabilities and that
the loans were not reflected in this list.

7 The defendant also stated that the accounting records in his possession did
not disclose the alleged loans to the company. In a related vein, counsel for
the defendant also argued that some directors and shareholders of the company
had told him that the company did not owe the plaintiff any money and that, if
it did, the money had already been repaid to her. Counsel for the plaintiff
raised, not surprisingly in my view, the objection of hearsay, but I did not
need to rule further on this particular point for (as we shall see) the issue
of limitation raised an insuperable obstacle to the plaintiff’s application in
the present proceedings.

8 Finally, and most importantly, the defendant stated that the alleged loans
were time-barred as the loan had been made more than 20 years ago.

9 The present proceedings were initiated by the plaintiff in order to seek an
order of court to reverse this decision by the defendant.

10 The defendant raised various arguments, which have been described in the
briefest of fashions above, against the plaintiff’s application.

11 In my view, however, the defendant’s final argument, centring on
limitation, was the most compelling. If the plaintiff’s claim was indeed time-
barred, that would have been the end of the matter. Indeed, I held that this
was in fact so and dismissed the plaintiff’s application.

12 Not surprisingly, perhaps, counsel for the plaintiff argued vigorously that
his client’s action was not time-barred. He argued, in particular, that the
relevant law had in fact been amended in England and provided, in what is now
s 6 of the UK Limitation Act 1980 (c 58) (“the UK Act”), that loans such as
those in the present proceedings would not be time-barred. This particular
(UK) provision is in fact reproduced at [21] below. The crucial issue, as we
shall see, is whether or not the English position represents, in fact, the
present Singapore position as well.

13 Counsel for the plaintiff also relied on the Singapore High Court decision
of _Tang Boon Loong v Chin Mui Lan_ [1994] SGHC 48 – in particular, on the
concluding part of the judgment. I will have occasion to return to this
decision later.

14 I should add that counsel for the plaintiff also attempted to rely on s 4
of our Limitation Act, arguing that the defence of limitation under this Act
had not been “expressly pleaded as a defence thereto in any case where under
any written law relating to civil procedure for the time being in force such a
defence is required to be so pleaded”. He also referred, in this regard, to
various provisions in the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). I did
not, with respect, find this particular argument at all persuasive – if
nothing else, because the present proceedings were quite different in nature,
and did not, _inter alia_ , involve any pleadings as such. However, even if
the plaintiff could proffer such an argument (which seemed to me, as just
mentioned, untenable in any event), I would have been prepared to allow the
defendant to amend his pleadings. Indeed, I asked counsel for the defendant
whether he would like to do so, on the assumption that counsel for the
plaintiff’s argument was correct in the first instance and he answered in the
affirmative – albeit not without some puzzlement for the reasons just stated.

**Issues arising in the context of the Limitation Act**

**_Legislative reform in other jurisdictions (with a focus on the UK context)
and its potential impact in the Singapore context_**

15 I begin with what seems to be a self-evident proposition, having regard to
the factual matrix of the present proceedings which I have set out briefly
above. The plaintiff’s claim, based as it was on a contract, was clearly time-
barred by virtue of s 6(1) of our Limitation Act. The material part of s 6(1)
itself reads as follows:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions.**

**6.** —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

16 It should be noted that our Limitation Act is based on the UK Act.
_However_ , the _latter_ was _expressly amended_ in the context of, _inter
alia_ , friendly loans as a result of the UK Law Reform Committee’s
recommendation in _Law Reform Committee, Twenty-First Report (Final Report on
Limitation of Actions)_ (Cmnd 6923, September 1977) (“the UK Report”). In the
UK Report, the UK Law Reform Committee first reviewed – in a helpful and
succinct manner, in my view – the then existing law in the area. I can do no
better than to set out their views on the then existing state of the law, as
follows (at paras 3.20–3.21):

3.20 This particular defect [in the law] is caused by the rule that where no
time is specified in a contract of loan, or where the loan is expressed simply
to be repayable “on demand”, time starts to run in favour of the borrower from
the date of the loan. Although the precise scope of this rule may be open to
some doubt, it has been applied in a number of cases and was treated as well
settled as respects promissory notes and other straight-forward loans by the
end of the 19th Century. The principle underlying this rule appears to be that
the cause of action accrues from the first moment the lender could have taken
steps to claim the money.

3.21 Although the courts have declined to apply a similar rule to a guarantee
and have shown themselves in more recent cases disposed to treat the question
whether a demand is a prerequisite to the accrual of the cause of action as
being a genuine question of construction, nevertheless it seems that a loan
made without any express provision as to repayment, or expressed to be
repayable simply “on demand” without any further qualification, is still
likely to be treated as giving rise to a cause of action forthwith, with the
result that the Limitation Act can be successfully pleaded to a claim made
more than six years from the date of the loan.

17 The Committee then proceeded to outline the main reason why injustice would
result, especially in the _non_ -commercial context, as follows (at para 3.22
of the UK Report):

3.20 It has been represented to us that, _although this rule probably causes
little injustice in the case of commercial loans, it can cause real hardship
where the loan is made between friends or members of the same family_. It is
_by no means uncommon for_ money to be lent in these circumstances without any
written contract and without any legal advice having been obtained, on the
tacit understanding that the borrower will not be expected to repay the money
until it is asked for. _However, as the law appears to stand, once the loan
has been outstanding for more than six years (which not infrequently happens),
the borrower has a complete defence to the claim, notwithstanding that it is
perfectly well known “in the family” that the money was lent and not given and
was never expected to be repaid before demand_. [emphasis added]

18 In a similar vein, the New South Wales Law Reform Commission (“the NSW
Commission”), in its more recent report entitled _Time limits on loans payable
on demand_ (Report 105, October 2004) (“the NSW Report”), observed thus (at
para 2.3):

2.3 The expectations of the parties do not change where the lender requests
repayment of the loan more than six years after the date at which the borrower
received the money under the loan. The Commission is of the view that, to the
extent to which the parties can be taken to have thought of time limits when
making their contract, and remembering that they are unlikely to have the
benefit of legal advice in such informal circumstances, they would not expect
that the mere lapse of six years (or any other time) from the date of receipt
of the loan would defeat the claim. At most, they would expect a limitation
period (of whatever duration) to run from the date of the demand for
repayment. The effect of the present law is thus to allow a borrower who
pleads the Statute of Limitations to defeat the intention of the parties at
the time of entering into the contract that the loan would be payable on
demand. In the case of loans between family members and friends, this seems
unfair.

The leading New South Wales decision cited by the NSW Commission is _Woodward
v McGregor_ [2003] NSWSC 672, wherein Master McLaughlin in fact referred to
both the UK Report ([16] _supra_) as well as s 6 of the UK Act (reproduced
below at [21]).

19 Not surprisingly, the UK Law Reform Committee recommended that the law be
amended – in particular, that “where money is lent and no date specified for
its repayment, then, for the purpose of limitation, time should not begin to
run in favour of the borrower until the date on which a written demand for
repayment is first made” (see para 3.26 of the UK Report).

20 The NSW Commission also advocated reform and it is understood that, the NSW
Report ([18] _supra_) having been issued relatively recently, the process is
still ongoing. Interestingly, the NSW Commission also considered possible
objections against reform, centring on the possible destruction of proof of
payment and the possible element of vindictiveness in reviving long dormant
claims (see paras 2.5 and 2.6, respectively, of the NSW Report). However, it
rejected both objections. The first was held to be merely an evidential point
and that “[i]n any event, records of the movement of sums of money will
usually be retained in some form by financial institutions” (see para 2.5). In
so far as the second objection was concerned, it was considered “that the
motive for demanding repayment of a debt cannot qualify the intention with
which the loan was entered into in the first place” (see para 2.6). However,
the Commission did consider more _general_ dangers in changing the current
law, but found that they did not constitute persuasive objections against
reform (see generally paras 2.7–2.10).

21 As already alluded to above, concrete legislative reform ensued in the _UK_
context. The UK Parliament, implementing most of the recommendations contained
in the UK Report (including the one presently considered), introduced the
salient amendment via s 1 of the Limitation Amendment Act 1980 (c 24) (albeit
not, as we shall see, to the full extent envisaged by the UK Law Reform
Committee at [19] above). More specifically, the said amendment is now
embodied in a new provision, _viz_ , s 6 of the UK Act ([12] _supra_), which
is reproduced as follows (together, for the purposes of context, with s 5,
which is the analogue of s 6 of the Singapore Limitation Act):

**5 Time limit for actions founded on simple contract**

An action founded on simple contract shall not be brought after the expiration
of six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued.

**6 Special time limit for actions in respect of certain loans**

(1) Subject to subsection (3) below, section 5 of this Act shall not bar the
right of action on a contract of loan to which this section applies.

(2) This section applies to any contract of loan which—

(a) does not provide for repayment of the debt on or before a fixed or
determinable date; and

(b) does not effectively (whether or not it purports to do so) make the
obligation to repay the debt conditional on a demand for repayment made by or
on behalf of the creditor or on any other matter;

except where in connection with taking the loan the debtor enters into any
collateral obligation to pay the amount of the debt or any part of it (as, for
example, by delivering a promissory note as security for the debt) on terms
which would exclude the application of this section to the contract of loan if
they applied directly to repayment of the debt.

(3) Where a demand in writing for repayment of the debt under a contract of
loan to which this section applies is made by or on behalf of the creditor
(or, where there are joint creditors, by or on behalf of any one of them)
section 5 of this Act shall thereupon apply as if the cause of action to
recover the debt had accrued on the date on which the demand was made.

(4) In this section “promissory note” has the same meaning as in the Bills of
Exchange Act 1882.

22 The relevant legislative history leading up to the enactment of s 6 of the
UK Act is instructive and confirms, _inter alia_ , the pivotal role of the UK
Law Reform Committee, as noted above.

23 As alluded to in the preceding paragraph, the passage of the bill through
both the House of Commons and the House of Lords is instructive (and where,
not surprisingly, the UK Law Reform Committee’s recommendations (considered
above) were referred to by both Houses of Parliament as being the origin and
catalyst of the bill itself).

24 At the House of Lords stage during the second reading of the bill, the then
Lord Chancellor, Lord Hailsham of Saint Marylebone, observed thus (see _The
Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) – House of Lords_ (25 June 1979) vol 400 at
col 1218):

Clause 1 of the Bill [which introduced the present s 6 of the UK Act that is
reproduced at [21] above] _remedies what has for long been considered a minor
injustice in the present law._ Under the law as it stands, where a loan is
made repayable on demand or without a specified time for repayment, the time
of limitation begins to run from the making of the loan. That discourages
indulgence on the part of the creditor. In future, if Clause 1 is passed, time
will only begin to run against the creditor from the presentation of a written
demand. [emphasis added]

25 At the House of Commons stage during the second reading of the bill, the
then Solicitor-General, Sir Ian Percival, observed thus (see _Parliamentary
Debates (Hansard) – House of Commons_ (29 October 1979) vol 972 at col 780):

Clause 1 [which introduced the present s 6 of the UK Act 1980 that is
reproduced at [21] above] deals with the difficulty that has arisen in the law
relating to loans — _typically loans between members of a family or friends_.
The present law in England and Wales is that if the parties to a loan agree
that the borrower is to pay the money back when he is in a position to do so,
the debt is nevertheless treated as one which can be recovered immediately.

_The lender’s cause of action accrues at the time when the loan is made, and
the operation of the present law of limitation is such that he will lose his
right to recover his money six years later_. If, for example, an aunt lends
money to a nephew and leaves the loan outstanding for six years, her right to
recover it will have vanished completely.

_The effect of clause 1 is that time would not begin to run against the aunt
until she had made a written demand to her nephew asking for repayment. That
is a solution which seems more appropriate to relatively informal arrangements
of the sort that prevail in some family circumstances_.

[emphasis added]

26 The parliamentary extract just cited is more specific (and, to that extent,
more helpful) inasmuch as it refers directly to the particular difficulties
centring around _family or friendly_ loans (see also the UK Law Reform
Committee’s views at [17] above). This is a significant point, to which I
shall return later.

27 The subsequent English _case law_ also underscores both the nature as well
as the importance of this particular reform.

28 Many of these decisions have, in fact, already been referred to (albeit in
passing) above (see generally, [4] above). However, foremost amongst the
various decisions is that of the English Court of Appeal in _Boot v Boot_ ([4]
_supra_). This case confirms the background leading to the enactment of s 6 of
the UK Act: see especially at 138–139. As Waite LJ quite pertinently pointed
out, s 6 did not, however, adopt the UK Law Reform Committee’s recommendation
(at [19] above) to the effect that there be a total abrogation of the existing
common law rule altogether. In the words of the learned judge (at 139):

The draftsman of the [UK] Limitation Act 1980 clearly thought that [_ie_ ,
complete abrogation of the existing common law rule] would be too extreme a
step, and decided instead to give effect to the spirit of the recommendation
by preserving the rule but modifying its effect.

Unfortunately, this gave rise to a number of problems of interpretation which
I will touch on briefly below (see generally [33]–[35] below). Nevertheless,
one ought to note the excellent exposition of the effect of, as well as
approach towards, s 6 by Waite LJ (at 139–140).

29 What is utterly crucial not only in the context of the present proceedings
but also in relation to the law relating to limitation of actions generally in
so far as Singapore is concerned can be simply put: _The Singapore Limitation
Act was never amended in the manner the UK Act was and, hence, the pre-
existing law, which subjects, inter alia, friendly loans to the strictures of
s 6 of the Singapore Act, continues to apply in the local context_. One may
view this as unfortunate. It is my own view that the Singapore Parliament
ought to consider seriously whether or not our own Act should be amended to
incorporate a provision similar to s 6 of the UK Act (as set out at [21]
above). I should hasten to add that this suggestion for reform is by no means
new. Indeed, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tay Ivy v Tay Joyce_
[1992] 1 SLR 893 at 901, [23], Michael Hwang JC made precisely the same
suggestion, albeit in a much briefer manner than I have done in the present
judgment.

30 I find the rationale for amendment, as set out, _inter alia_ , by the UK
Law Reform Committee above, both principled and persuasive. The reasoning it
adopted transcends national borders inasmuch as it is, _inter alia_ , infused
with ideas of general justice and fairness. There is therefore no reason why
an amendment along similar, if not identical, lines ought not to be adopted in
the Singapore context. Interestingly, the more recent Report by the UK Law
Commission entitled _Limitation of Actions_ (Law Com No 270, 2001) did not
recommend any substantive change to the regime encompassed under s 6 of the UK
Act (see generally at paras 4.4–4.6). This Report was, in fact, concerned with
a holistic reform of the law of limitation in the UK context. Such reform is,
of course, outside the purview of the present proceedings, which are concerned
with a far more specific issue only.

31 However, all this being said, the Singapore Legislature might well consider
a _modified_ version of the UK provision. This is because at least three
possible difficulties do, in fact, present themselves as a result of s 6 of
the UK Act, although only one can be met clearly via legislative drafting.

32 The first difficulty is that it might be argued that there is a presumption
that in a _domestic_ context there is no intention to create legal relations:
see, for example, the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _Balfour v
Balfour_ [1919] 2 KB 571 (see also Andrew McGee, _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2002) at para 10.030 as well as David W Oughton, John P Lowry
& Robert M Merkin, _Limitation of Actions_ (LLP, 1998) at p 135, n 65). This
would have a significant potential impact in the context of _friendly or
family_ loans. Such a presumption can, of course, be rebutted on the facts but
if it is not, then the borrower would be able to avoid legal liability
altogether without even having to invoke the defence of limitation. In the
circumstances, as this particular issue lies in the sphere of the common law,
the Legislature might have little choice but to avoid dealing with it
altogether.

33 The second difficulty is this: The present language of s 6 of the UK Act
(set out at [21] above) could, at least arguably, encompass both commercial
_as well as_ non-commercial situations. This appears to be the view taken, for
example, by Ferris J in _Re Westminster Property Management Ltd_ ([4] _supra_
at [48]; _cf_ also the English Court of Appeal decision of _v Bank of Baroda v
A S A A Mahomed_ [1999] Lloyd’s Rep Bank 14, although one writer opines that
commercial loans would generally be worded in such a manner that they would
probably fall outside the purview of the section (see McGee ([32] _supra_) at
para 10.030). As we have seen, the principal concern of s 6 of the UK Act was
really with non-commercial, as opposed to commercial, situations (see,
especially, at [17] and [26] above). The issue that arises is whether or not,
should a legislative amendment be effected to the Singapore Limitation Act,
that amendment should be worded so as to cover both commercial and non-
commercial situations, or only non-commercial situations. That is, of course,
a question of legislative policy that is outside the purview of the courts.

34 A third possible difficulty centres on whether or not ss 6(2)(a) and
6(2)(b) of the UK Act are _conjunctive or disjunctive_. A conjunctive approach
appears to be suggested by a literal reading of s 6(2) (and see Oughton, Lowry
& Merkin ([32] _supra_) at p 135). Nevertheless, it might be argued that
“[t]here are policy reasons which could be taken to suggest that the two
elements of s 6(2) should be regarded as alternative qualifying grounds” (see
Oughton, Lowry & Merkin, _ibid_). Once again, a question of legislative policy
arises – a question which is, in fact, neatly encapsulated within the view
expressed by the learned authors concerned in the preceding sentence. I do
note, however, that these authors do proceed to observe thus (at p 136):

Unfortunately, the drafting of section 6 is ambiguous and probably fails to
give effect to the intensions of the Law Reform Committee, but as it stands,
it is suggested that the literal interpretation must be given to the words of
section 6(2).

35 On a more _general_ level, however, the same authors also observe (_ibid_)
that:

An unfortunate effect of the combined provisions of section 6(2) is that of
lack of clarity, and there is every likelihood that they may be
misinterpreted, because within the single subsection there is to be found an
exception, an exclusion and a deeming provision, all of which are capable of
being confused.

Indeed, it was precisely this effect that confused the judge at first instance
in _Boot v Boot_ ([4] _supra_), whose decision had therefore to be reversed by
the Court of Appeal. And, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Von
Goetz v Rogers_ ([4] _supra_ at [8]), Potter LJ observed (after quoting s 6)
that “[t]his is an elaborate condition, by no means easy to elucidate”.
Indeed, it is my view that s 6(2) of the UK Act could have been more
felicitously worded. It is hoped that the Singapore legislature will note
these difficulties and potential pitfalls should legislative reform be
effected and enact an improved version of the UK provision. In this last-
mentioned regard, the NSW Commission recently proposed amendments in its
Report, which was briefly considered above (at [18]). It may not be
inappropriate, given the relatively recent vintage of the NSW Report itself,
to set out the following “Summary of Recommendations” (at p vii):

**Recommendation 1: see page 10**

The _Limitation Act 1969_ (NSW) should be amended to provide that the
limitation period for a loan payable on demand should run from the date on
which demand is first made for repayment. This provision should not affect the
accrual of the cause of action.

**Recommendation 2: see page 11**

The limitation period for loans payable on demand should be three years after
the demand has been made.

**Recommendation 3: see page 12**

The ultimate bar for loans payable on demand should apply 30 years from the
date the loan was made.

**Recommendation 4: see page 13**

A demand for repayment of a loan payable on demand need not be in writing
before the limitation period can begin to run.

**Recommendation 5: see page 14**

“Demand” should be defined to mean an unconditional demand for immediate
payment, including a demand that allows the borrower a reasonable time to
arrange payment.

**Recommendation 6: see page 14**

A demand for part only of the loan should not have the effect of barring
future demands in respect of the balance of the loan.

**Recommendation 7: see page 16**

For the purposes of determining whether or not the loan is payable on demand,
the terms of a collateral obligation to pay the amount of the debt or any part
of it should be read into the terms of the loan agreement itself and, to the
extent of any inconsistency between the terms, prevail over them.

36 However, this is _not_ the _only_ alternative approach. In this regard, the
NSW Commission also referred (apart from the actual reforms in the UK) to
proposals in _other jurisdictions_ : see para 3.4. Indeed, whether there
should be reform and (if so) what form such reform should take, entail, in the
final analysis, questions and issues of legislative policy that are within the
sole province of the Singapore Legislature.

**_Implications for the present proceedings_**

37 Returning to the facts of the present proceedings, it is no surprise,
therefore, that counsel for the plaintiff continuously emphasised the
unfairness that would result to his client if her application were dismissed.
However, for reasons that I will elaborate upon below, I am of the view that,
on the _specific facts of the present case_ , this argument from unfairness
was not as powerful or persuasive as counsel for the plaintiff had made it out
to be. Nevertheless, on a point of _general_ principle, I do nevertheless
agree (and have in fact pointed out earlier in this judgment) that the
Singapore Parliament might like to consider possible reform of our own
Limitation Act.

38 What _is_ clear is that I am bound to observe and apply the law as it
presently exists. Counsel for the plaintiff repeatedly urged me to adopt the
present English position. I found that, with respect, to be utterly untenable.
As we have seen, the UK Act was _expressly amended_. Unfortunately, the
Singapore Limitation Act was _not_ amended in a similar fashion. What counsel
for the plaintiff was, _in effect_ , asking me to do was to become a “mini-
legislature” and amend _statutory_ law by way of _judicial_ _fiat_. A moment’s
reflection will reveal that such an approach is wholly arbitrary and
unconstitutional. It has often been said that hard cases make bad law. If I
had acceded to counsel for the plaintiff’s request, I would have made not
merely bad law but would also have actually crossed over into what is the very
antithesis of the law itself. Although Lord Denning MR was mentioned (albeit
generally and in passing) by counsel for the plaintiff, that learned judge’s
passion for justice had never, as far as I know, resulted in the _blatant_
refusal to apply a clear statutory provision in the context of equally clear
and established legal principles. That would have been both unconstitutional
and (if I may say so) simply unlawful. In fairness, I should add that counsel
for the plaintiff was not consciously urging me to do this. However, in his
overzealousness and enthusiasm for his client (whom he genuinely believed
would otherwise be deprived of a just result), he (unfortunately) failed to
notice the _substance as well as implications_ of what he was suggesting.
Therefore, whilst his commitment to his client’s case was commendable, the
actual content of his argument was, with respect, misconceived.

39 Besides, as I have already alluded to above, the injustice in these
proceedings may well be more apparent than real. At the very least, there was
as much to be said on behalf of the defendant as there was for the plaintiff
based on the _specific factual matrix_ of the present case. Hence, the present
case is by no means a paradigm model that highlights the injustice surrounding
the application of s 6 of our Limitation Act to friendly loans. Put another
way, and in relation to the maxim considered in the preceding paragraph, this
was _not_ a _clear-cut_ example of a hard case in the first instance.

**The argument from public policy**

40 However, counsel for the plaintiff had a second (and related) legal string
to his bow. In this regard, he relied upon the following passage towards the
end of K S Rajah JC’s decision in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tang
Boon Loong v Chin Mui Lan_ ([13] _supra_). By way of a preliminary snapshot of
the argument proffered, counsel for the plaintiff was, in effect, utilising
_an extremely broad and sketchy argument from public policy_ to argue that I
should _ignore_ what I have already held to be a clear _statutory_ provision
in the context of established legal principles. As I shall point out in a
moment, this was not, in any event, what the learned judge was doing in the
case just cited.

41 Turning to the decision of _Tang Boon Loong v Chin Mui Lan_ itself, the
crucial passage in the judgment (at [52]) reads as follows:

I should, however, like to join forces with the observations made by Michael
Hwang JC in _Tay Ivy v Tay Joyce_ at page 901. Action should be taken to
redress the wrong that would be done when loans are given to friends and
relatives without any express terms or with loose terms as to when repayment
should be made. Where money is borrowed for a special need or on an urgent
occasion, the payor accepts a statement which amounts to no more than “payable
when able”. It is unfair and it is difficult to believe that Parliament
intended friendly and family loans to be as formal as business contracts or
that moneys borrowed on such occasions need not be repaid because ties of
friendship or of blood resulted in time being given for repayment and lame
excuses accepted in the interests of friendship and family.

42 A close reading of the learned judge’s decision would, in my view, reveal
that he did not go as far as counsel for the plaintiff would have had me
believe. Indeed, it would appear that Rajah JC did find that s 6 of the
Limitation Act _did_ _not apply_ on the facts of that particular case. The
passage quoted in the preceding paragraph was therefore merely an endorsement,
as well as a reiteration, of Hwang JC’s suggestion for reform in _Tay Ivy v
Tay Joyce_ which I have in fact already referred to above (at [29]), and which
I also endorse. Looked at in this light, therefore, it was clear that Rajah JC
was not advocating a broad public policy argument, on which counsel for the
plaintiff was relying. However, since this particular argument was raised and
(in turn) raises issues with regard to the very nature and functions of the
courts themselves, I will deal with it briefly although it cannot, as I have
just pointed out, be premised on the passage of the judgment in _Tang Boon
Loong v Chin Mui Lan_ cited at [41] above.

43**** It is indeed the first task of any court to ensure that a just and fair
result is arrived at. However, this must be in accordance with the prevailing
law. In other words, achieving a just and fair result in a particular case
does not justify either the blatant or (worse still) subtle disregard of
existing legal principles – especially when (as in the present proceedings)
those legal principles are applied to clear statutory language.

44 Although I am in full sympathy with the view of counsel for the plaintiff,
I must, with respect, differ from his view to the effect that the local
Legislature intended that friendly and family loans be exempted from the
provisions of the Limitation Act. Indeed, as we have seen, that was also once
the situation in England (and upon whose legislation our own legislation, it
should be reiterated, was based). This was why _legislative amendment_ was
required in the UK. In the circumstances, that would need to be the case in
Singapore as well.

45 Absent a legislative basis, counsel for the plaintiff’s view (as briefly
set out in the preceding paragraph) would appear to be based on a general
concept of public policy instead. With the greatest respect, I know of no
legal doctrine which is so wide and abstract. In the circumstances, I had,
despite the vigorous attempts by counsel for the plaintiff to the contrary, to
reject his arguments that were based, in the final analysis, on such a broad
doctrine.

**Conclusion**

46**** With respect, the courts do not administer “palm tree justice”, which
is arbitrary and subjective and, hence, the very antithesis of the enterprise
of the law itself. In stating this, I am reminded of the celebrated words
uttered by Lord Eldon LC in _Gee v Pritchard_ (1818) 2 Swans 402 at 414; 36 ER
670 at 674, as follows:

The doctrines of this Court ought to be as well settled and made as uniform
almost as those of the common law, laying down fixed principles, but taking
care that they are to be applied according to the circumstances of each case.
I cannot agree that the doctrines of this Court are to be changed with every
succeeding judge. Nothing would inflict upon me greater pain, in quitting this
place, than the recollection that I had done any thing to justify the reproach
that the equity of this Court varies like the Chancellor’s foot.

The footnote following the passage just quoted is also instructive, as it
gives the source (from John Selden) of the reference to the concept of the
danger of the equity of the court varying like the Chancellor’s foot; it reads
as follows (at 427; 679):

“Equity is a roguish thing: for law we have a measure, know what to trust to;
equity is according to the conscience of him that is Chancellor, and as that
is larger or narrower, so is equity. ’Tis all one, as if they should make his
foot the standard for the measure we call a Chancellor’s foot; what an
uncertain measure this would be! One Chancellor has a long foot, another a
short foot, a third an indifferent foot; ’tis the same thing in the
Chancellor’s conscience.” _Selden_ , Table Talk.

47 Justice is – and ought to be – administered in accordance with the
prevailing law. There may be some scope for manoeuvre if the prevailing law is
unclear or ambiguous, and might result in substantive injustice. But there are
limits to such flexibility. Where, as in the present proceedings, the law is
clear, the court has no choice but to apply it.

48 If to achieve justice in a given case would open the floodgates to chaos
and (ironically) consequent injustice in _other_ cases, the path the court
must take is clear. In any event, as I have already pointed out, this is by no
means a clear-cut instance of a hard case. In other words, it is by no means
clear that injustice would clearly have resulted to the plaintiff in the
instant proceedings.

49 What is clear is that this is an eminently appropriate occasion to suggest
legal (here, legislative) reform. I have, in fact, already touched on this in
an earlier part of this judgment (see especially [29]–[36] above). Should such
reform ultimately come to pass, that would ensure that justice and fairness
result – not merely on a micro or specific level but, rather, on a macro or
universal level as well. To this end, it is hoped that the relevant
authorities will at least consider seriously the possibility of legislative
reform in this particular instance, bearing in mind – and this is an important
point – the possible pitfalls that may occur and modifying any proposed
legislation accordingly.

50 In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s application is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

