Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd and Another v Next of kin of
Narayasamy s/o Ramasamy, deceased  
[2006] SGHC 162

Case Number | : | OS 238/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Amy Lim (KhattarWong) for the applicants; Lim Seng Siew (instructed) with S K Kumar (S K Kumar & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd; Asia Coach Services PL — Next of kin of Narayasamy s/o Ramasamy, deceased   
  
Employment Law – Claim for compensation under s 3(1) of Workmen's Compensation
Act – Workman engaged in strenuous work immediately prior to suffering heart
attack – Work part of workman's work scope – Workman dying from heart attack –
Workman shown to have pre-existing heart condition – Whether heart attack
amounting to accident arising in course of work and causing injury – Section
3(1) Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

13 September 2006

Sundaresh Menon JC:

**Background**

1 The Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) provides
that an employer shall be liable to his workman who suffers personal injury by
an accident arising out of his employment. No difficulty arises where the
workman has been in an accident as that term is commonly understood. However,
difficulties can arise where an injury is sustained that is closely related to
the workman’s pre-existing medical condition. In such cases, the line between
wear and tear on the one hand and an accident in the course of employment on
the other can seem very thin. This is such a case.

2 Narayasamy s/o Ramasamy (“the deceased”) was a 58-year-old male working as a
coach driver for Asia Coach Services Pte Ltd, the second applicant. He had
been so employed for some years. It was within his work scope to ferry
specified airline crew between the airport and the hotels at which they were
staying and in this context to help with the carriage, loading and stowage of
the luggage of an entire crew from the kerbside onto the luggage compartment
of his coach at the start of each journey and to do the converse when he
reached his destination.

3 On 4 March 2004, the deceased started work at about midnight. He made a
number of trips ferrying crew and luggage between hotels in the city and the
airport. An eyewitness testified that the deceased had been loading bags at
the airport on one of these trips and had felt uncomfortable then. The witness
in question had assisted him with some bags at that time.

4 The same witness testified that a couple of hours later, he saw the deceased
for the second time that morning. He was carrying a piece of luggage to the
luggage compartment of the coach. He then felt breathless and was unable to
continue with his work. An ambulance was called and he was brought to a nearby
hospital where he was pronounced dead at about 4.30am.

5 It cannot be disputed that the deceased had been engaged in heavy work for
some hours prior to his death. There was evidence before the learned Deputy
Commissioner of Labour (“the Commissioner”) who heard the matter at first
instance that the deceased would typically have ferried a crew of between 15
and 20 members, with at least two bags each. These bags tended to weigh
between 10kg and 30kg or more each. The evidence was that the deceased
typically had to load and unload all that luggage on each trip with little, if
any, assistance. He had been doing such work on the morning in question just
hours prior to his death.

6 An autopsy was duly performed. The cause of death was identified as a
recurrent myocardial infarction. In short, he had sustained a heart attack but
the effects of this were superimposed on one he had suffered previously. It
was also learnt that some major coronary blood vessels of the deceased were
already severely narrowed prior to his death. He was therefore not in good
health to begin with.

**The proceedings before the Commissioner**

7 The deceased by his next of kin (“the respondent”) brought a claim for
compensation but this was assessed at “nil” by the Ministry of Manpower on the
basis that the injury was not work-related. The respondent challenged this and
it then went before the learned Commissioner. The central issue before the
Commissioner was whether the heart attack had been sustained in the course of
the employment of the deceased as required by s 3(1) of the Act. NTUC Income
Insurance Co-operative Ltd, the first applicant, was the insurer. It did not
dispute that the heart attack was an accident. However, it did dispute that
the heart attack had arisen in the course of his employment. In the first
applicant’s view, he had died of causes unrelated to his employment, it being
purely coincidental that he had suffered the heart attack while working.

8 Much of the facts were not ultimately controversial. The real issue on the
facts turned on the medical evidence that went to the immediate cause of the
death; specifically, was the heart attack caused or contributed to by the work
that the respondent had been doing during and just prior to his untimely
demise?

9 The only medical evidence led was that of Dr Wee Keng Poh (“Dr Wee”), a
principal forensic consultant with the Centre for Forensic Medicine of the
Health Sciences Authority and one of two doctors who conducted the autopsy. Dr
Wee was called on behalf of the respondent and was cross-examined by the
applicants’ counsel. The applicants did not call any medical evidence.

10 I propose to set out the essence of Dr Wee’s evidence in a little detail.
When the autopsy report was submitted to the first applicant, it had taken
issue with the claim on the basis that the death appeared to have been brought
about by natural causes. Dr Wee was therefore asked by the respondent’s
counsel to clarify if the deceased’s heart attack could have been caused by
strenuous work. Dr Wee responded that it most certainly could have been.
However, he added that for him to conclude that the deceased had _in fact_
sustained the heart attack because of the strenuous work he was said to be
doing that morning, it would be helpful to show that he had been exerting
himself “over and above what he was used to”. It should be noted that this was
a comment made months before the hearing; and it was made at a time when Dr
Wee was not clear from the materials he was presented with just what the
deceased had been doing prior to and at the time he sustained the heart
attack.

11 Before the Commissioner, Dr Wee specifically testified to the effect that:

(a) exertion could have triggered the heart attack;

(b) had the deceased, shortly before the injury, been carrying ten to 15 bags
weighing between 15 and 25 kilograms each, that “would have contributed to …
the heart attack”; and

(c) the degree of strain that a person could endure without sustaining a heart
attack would depend on the state of health of that person’s heart.

12 Under cross-examination, he added that what would be strenuous would be
subjective and would depend on the age and fitness of the particular patient
at the time of the incident. He also said that given the state of the
deceased’s heart, the attack could have occurred with or without exertion.
Indeed, it could even have happened while the deceased was sleeping. He was
then asked if the exertions of the deceased had to be over and above what he
was used to in order for it to be identified as a cause. He responded that if
it was, “there would certainly be exertion that contributed significantly to
his heart attack”. When asked to clarify this by the learned Commissioner, he
said:

If it can be proven that he was exerting over and above what he was used to,
then I have no hesitation to say that physical exertion was a contributory
cause.

If it cannot be proven, then [it is] difficult for me to say _with certainty_
though … heart disease is not static, it can deteriorate [to such a point
that] what he was used to can be strenuous.

[emphasis added]

13 The Commissioner quite rightly in my view regarded the evidence on this
issue as unclear. He therefore directed the parties to seek certain written
clarifications. This was done and Dr Wee duly clarified that, in his opinion,
having regard to the actual medical condition of the deceased’s heart, at the
time of the accident it had deteriorated to such a stage that even the work he
had been accustomed to had become too strenuous for him.

14 On this basis, the Commissioner formed the view that the deceased’s heart
attack had been caused or contributed to by the work he was doing at the time
of the injury. Having considered the arguments and authorities submitted to
him, he held that the respondent was entitled to be compensated under the Act.
He fixed the compensation payable at $87,360 based on the average monthly
salary the deceased was found to be drawing at the time. The applicants then
brought the present application to reverse the learned Commissioner’s
decision.

**The present application**

15 Mr K Anparasan appeared before me on behalf of the applicants. Mr Lim Seng
Siew (instructed) was for the respondent.

16 Mr Anparasan’s principal arguments before me may be summarised as follows:

(a) The Commissioner erred in finding that the injury sustained by the
deceased had been _caused_ by the work he was doing. The fact that the work
had become too strenuous for him did not mean that it was the cause or even a
contributing factor to the injury given his pre-existing medical condition.
The causal link between the work and the injury had to be specifically proved
and could not be assumed or taken on the basis of speculation or conjecture.

(b) Given Dr Wee’s evidence that the heart attack was, loosely put, waiting to
happen, in the sense that it could have occurred even while the deceased was
asleep, there was no basis to conclude that strenuous work was the operating
or a contributing cause of the injury.

17 Mr Anparasan relied in the main on the authorities of _Clover Clayton & Co,
Limited v Hughes_ [1910] AC 242 (“ _Clover Clayton_ ”), _Ormond v CD Holmes &
Co, Ltd_ [1937] 2 All ER 795 (“ _Ormond_ ”) and _Hawkins v Powells Tillery
Steam Coal Company, Limited_ [1911] 1 KB 988 (“ _Hawkins_ ”) in support of his
arguments. Several other cases were also referred to.

18 At the conclusion of the arguments, I was satisfied that the learned
Commissioner’s decision was not shown to be in error in any way. I therefore
dismissed the application with costs. Nonetheless, I thought it appropriate to
explain my reasons for doing so in order to clarify some of the applicable
principles.

**Analysis**

19 The starting point of the analysis is s 3(1) of the Act which provides as
follows:

If in any employment personal injury by accident arising out of and in the
course of the employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall be liable
to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

20 It will be seen that to trigger the employer’s liability to pay
compensation, the workman must show:

(a) he has suffered a personal injury;

(b) that has been caused by an accident; and

(c) which arose out of and in the course of his employment.

21 Turning to the cases, it is appropriate to begin with _Clover Clayton_
([17] _supra_), a decision of the House of Lords of some vintage. That was a
case where a workman suffering from serious aneurism was tightening a nut
using a spanner when the aneurism ruptured and he died on the spot. There was
some conflict of evidence as to what had caused the death but the court of
first instance found that the death had been caused by the strain in
tightening the nut which operated upon the workman’s pre-existing condition
and this had rendered the strain fatal. The House of Lords was sharply divided
in finding for the workman that this was a case of “personal injury by
accident arising out of and in the course of … employment”.

22 The facts of the case bear more than a passing resemblance to the present
case. But what makes it of interest is that it addressed the very issues
raised by Mr Anparasan and, albeit by a slim majority, had disposed of them.

23 Lord Loreburn LC, speaking in the majority, first considered whether this
could be described as an accident and held that it could following the
decision of the House of Lords in _Fenton v Thorley & Co Ltd_ [1903] AC 443.
His Lordship noted as follows at 245–246:

The first question here is whether or not the learned judge was entitled to
regard the rupture as an “accident” within the meaning of this Act. In my
opinion, he was so entitled. Certainly it was an “untoward event.” It was not
designed. It was unexpected in what seems to me the relevant sense, namely,
that a sensible man who knew the nature of the work would not have expected
it. I cannot agree with the argument presented to your Lordships that you are
to ask whether a doctor acquainted with the man’s condition would have
expected it. Were that the right view, then it would not be an accident if a
man very liable to fainting fits fell in a faint from a ladder and hurt
himself. No doubt the ordinary accident is associated with something external;
the bursting of a boiler, or an explosion in a mine, for example. But it may
be merely from the main’s own miscalculation, such as tripping and falling. Or
it may be due both to internal and external conditions, as if a seaman were to
faint in the rigging and tumble into the sea. I think it may also be something
going wrong within the human frame itself, such as the straining of a muscle
or the breaking of a blood vessel. If that occurred when he was lifting a
weight it would be properly described as an accident. So, I think, rupturing
an aneurism when tightening a nut with a spanner may be regarded as an
accident.

24 It is thus apparent that an “accident” within the meaning of the English
statute (which is _in pari materia_ with s 3(1) of the Act) would include an
internal medical condition that caused an unexpected injury while the workman
was carrying out his work.

25 As to whether the accident had been one that arose in the course of the
workman’s employment, Lord Loreburn had this to say at 246–247:

But it does not establish that the accident was one “arising out of the
employment.” It is in these words that the stress of the case mainly lies, as
Mr. Simon in one passage of his argument partially indicated. When the man’s
condition was such that he might have died in his sleep, and the mere
tightening the nut with no more strain than ordinary in such work caused the
accident, can it be said that the accident was one “arising out of” the
employment? That seems to me to be the crucial point.

I do not think we should attach any importance to the fact that there was no
strain or exertion out of the ordinary. It is found by the county court judge
that the strain in fact caused the rupture, meaning, no doubt, that if it had
not been for the strain the rupture would not have occurred when it did. If
the degree of exertion beyond what is usual had to be considered in these
cases, there must be some standard of exertion, varying in every trade. Nor do
I think we should attach any importance to the fact that this man’s health was
as described. If the state of his health had to be considered, there must be
some standard of health, varying, I suppose with men of different ages. An
accident arises out of the employment when the required exertion producing the
accident is too great for the man undertaking the work, whatever the degree of
exertion or the condition of health.

26 There are two key points in this passage that bear highlighting:

(a) There can be no requirement in such cases that the workman must have been
under a strain or an exertion that was out of the ordinary. Otherwise, there
would be an intolerable variety of standards dependent upon the age, strength
and fitness level of the workman which had to be considered in each case and
against which the level of exertion that had been applied was to be measured.

(b) An accident arises out of the workman’s employment when the exertion that
results in that accident proves to be too great for that man at the time of
the accident. It does not matter what he is accustomed to.

27 Lord Atkinson who led the dissent noted as follows at 252–253:

[T]he disease was so far advanced that the rupture might happen from natural
causes, even when the deceased was asleep and quiescent, but that muscular
exertion, even so slight as that involved in walking, might accelerate the
fatal end, and that the slight exertion of turning the nut did, in the opinion
of the doctor, in fact accelerate it in this case. Now, what was the nature of
this slight exertion? It was normal in deceased’s employment. It was not
sudden. It was not severe. It was neither unexpected nor unlooked for. On the
contrary, it was the very exertion which he was employed to make and it was
contemplated that he should make.

28 He then went on at 254 to state:

In order that the “mishap” should be “unlooked for” or the event “be
unexpected,” so as to make an injury “an injury by accident” within the
meaning of this Act, the mishap must, I think, be “unlooked for” or the
“event” be “unexpected” by some person with knowledge of the facts and capable
of judging reasonably of them.

29 This may be set against what was said by Lord Macnaghten at 250, who also
was in the majority, on this point:

[T]he accident was unexpected by the workman. It can hardly be supposed that
he intended to kill himself. The fact that the result would have been
expected, or indeed contemplated as a certainty, by a medical man of ordinary
skill if he had diagnosed the case is, I think, nothing to the purpose. _An
occurrence I think is unexpected if it is not expected by the man who suffers
by it, even though every man of common sense who knew the circumstances would
think it certain to happen._ [emphasis added]

30 From the ruling of the majority on this issue, it is clear that in
assessing whether an event is an accident within the meaning of the Act, it is
material to consider this from the point of view of the workman and not from
the point of view of one with actual knowledge of the circumstances including
any pre-existing medical conditions.

31 Even though the decision in _Clover Clayton_ was reached by a bare
majority, it has stood the test of time and a long line of cases that have
come in its wake have consistently stayed within the principles established
there.

32 In _Ormond_ ([17] _supra_) which was relied on by Mr Anparasan, a
blacksmith’s striker had been employed in a fairly strenuous occupation for
some years. In September 1935, he suffered a stroke at home. He returned to
work some two weeks later. Then two months later, on 20 December 1935, he
became ill at work, collapsed and died. On the medical evidence, it was found
as a fact that the work he was in fact engaged in neither caused nor
contributed to nor accelerated the second stroke. In my view, this was
critical to the English Court of Appeal’s finding that the workman was outside
the ambit of the statute in question. It was also found as a fact that he had
been looking visibly ill when he reported for work and got progressively worse
thereafter. The court also found on the medical evidence that the thrombosis
was coming on that morning when he came to work and would inevitably have
resulted in what happened later that day.

33 This fact distinguishes _Ormond_ from the present case where there was no
evidence to warrant a finding that the work the deceased was engaged in was
neither a causative nor even a contributory factor to the heart attack that he
had sustained.

34 However, there is one other aspect of the decision in _Ormond_ that is
worth noting and which was relied upon by Mr Anparasan. The medical evidence
in _Ormond_ was that the work that had been done since the first stroke, as a
whole, had accelerated the second stroke. But the court nonetheless concluded
that the injury was outside the scope of the statute. This was because
although the injury might have been accelerated by the general “wear and tear”
of previous work, nothing had transpired on the morning that the workman had
come to work which had caused or contributed to it.

35 The distinction between injury by accident and that which is the result of
“wear and tear” is brought out by Luxmoore J in _Ormond_ when he quoted at
806, the following passage from the judgment of Lord Aitchison in _Robert
Miller v The Carntyne Steel Castings Company, Ltd_ [1935] SC 20 at 26:

In every case in which the machine runs down, the work is a contributing cause
of the incapacity, and that is equally so whether the workman has a diseased
condition of heart, as has the appellant in this case, or whether the workman
suffers from no disease but the body becomes, through age or other cause,
unequal to the continuing strain. I think it would be extending the notion of
injury by accident unduly to apply it to the case of an incapacity which
results from the ordinary tear and wear of a man’s work, in the absence of
some incident or event or happening in the course of the employment to which
the term accident in its ordinary meaning can reasonably be applied. It will
be found when _the cases are examined that, in each case in which accident has
been affirmed, there has been something of the nature of an occurrence of some
kind that could satisfy the meaning of accident_. [emphasis added]

36 Mr Anparasan also relied on what was said on this issue albeit from the
perspective of causation in _Hawkins_ ([17] _supra_). That was a case where an
elderly man working in a colliery had been helping to push some empty trucks
up an incline. He was then asked to cut some timber when he complained of
pain. He died of angina pectoris that evening. The medical evidence was that
the man’s heart was diseased; that any slight exertion could bring on a fatal
heart attack; and that the symptoms did not always appear immediately.

37 What was not clear from the medical evidence was whether or not the injury
had been caused by something the workman had been doing at work and this was
what was fatal to the claim. The point is neatly captured in the judgment of
Buckley LJ at 996–997 as follows:

The decision in _Clover, Clayton & Co., Ld._ v. _Hughes_ is easy of summary.
The bowstring was so frayed and worn that it had well nigh parted. One drew
the bow and the string snapped. Did the string snap by accident? … The
sequence of events was not in dispute. The man was engaged in doing an act
involving very slight exertion, but as the result the aneurism ruptured. Was
that an accident? That was the sole question for decision. The House of Lords
held that it was.

The question for decision here is very different; it is this: Fact A was
succeeded by fact B. Is it proved that B was the consequence of A? … When it
is said that a person who comes to the Court for relief must prove his case,
it is never meant that he must prove it with absolute certainty. No fact can
be proved in this world with absolute certainty. All that can be done is to
adduce such evidence as that the mind of the tribunal is satisfied that the
fact is so. This may be done either by direct evidence or by inference from
facts. But the matter must not be left to rest in surmise, conjecture, or
guess. Here there was no evidence to prove that this man’s death resulted from
an accident arising out of and in the course of his employment. It may have so
resulted or it may have resulted from a different cause. According to the
medical evidence wind in the stomach would produce the belching from which the
man suffered at the time; that may have produced such pressure upon the heart
as to lead to a fatal result. That was one possible cause. The exertion
arising from the employment was another possible cause. It is not enough to
say that the latter is a possible cause. It must be established to my
satisfaction that it was the cause. Is it proved, that is to say, is it
established to my satisfaction by facts which are given in evidence, that the
death of the man resulted from the employment? In my opinion there is no
evidence to prove it. It is simply a guess.

38 In my judgment, the passages in _Ormond_ and _Hawkins_ which I have just
cited go to establish the important principle that to come within the Act, it
must be shown that there was some occurrence which caused the injury in
question. Thus, mere wear and tear would not constitute an accident. Further,
an occurrence which could constitute an accident but which has not been shown
on a balance of probabilities to have _caused_ the injury would also not bring
the workman within the protection of the Act. However, the occurrence need not
be the sole or even the dominant cause. It will be sufficient to show that the
accident was an operating or contributory cause of the injury. It must further
be shown that the injury was in some way connected with the employment.

39 It is useful here to refer briefly to the decision of the English Court of
Appeal in _Wilson v Chatterton_ [1946] 1 KB 360 which involved an epileptic
workman who was working in a field when he had a fit, fell face down in water
and was drowned. Notwithstanding his predisposition to the fits, the employer
was held liable and Scott LJ delivering the judgment of the court noted as
follows at 366:

It is only if the accidental injury has no causal connexion with the
employment at all that it can be said not to arise out of it, though it may
occur in the course of it. It is for that reason that the employer cannot
escape liability by showing that some factor such as a disease is a
predisposing or even contributing cause of the injury; _he must show that it
is the sole cause_ , as has been said frequently in decided cases. [emphasis
added]

40 In the present case, given the evidence that the deceased was engaged in
strenuous work just prior to and at the time he suffered the heart attack,
there was no doubt that the respondent had showed that there had been an
occurrence. This was therefore not an instance of simple “wear and tear”.
However, Mr Anparasan argued in reliance upon _Hawkins_ , that in the present
case it was nothing more than a guess or conjecture that the heart attack
which ultimately claimed the deceased’s life was caused by or connected to the
exertions he had endured in the hours prior to his death. I do not think that
is correct.

41 As noted by Buckley LJ in _Hawkins_ , one is concerned not with proof to a
standard of absolute certainty; but with proof on a balance of probabilities
and on the basis of evidence tendered that the fact claimed is so. Mr
Anparasan’s argument would have been sustainable had Dr Wee remained equivocal
as to whether the work the deceased was engaged in had contributed to his
heart attack. But the Commissioner came to the conclusion that the work the
deceased did that morning had contributed to his heart attack and in my view
this was entirely supported by the medical evidence before him. I should note
that it was open to the applicants to have adduced medical evidence to
contradict Dr Wee’s evidence and his conclusions but they chose not to do so.

42 Some reference was also made by Mr Anparasan before the Commissioner to the
case of _Persin Kaur v The Renong Tin Dredging Company Ltd_ [1967] 2 MLJ 286
(“ _Persin Kaur_ ”). That was a case of a workman who was employed as a
watchman. He woke up early one morning, went to move his bowels and appeared
then to have suffered a heart attack. There was some evidence that he also
fell and hit his chest. No autopsy was performed. The only medical evidence
before the court suggested that the death was not caused by the fall and was
not due to his occupation. The Malaysian Federal Court held that there was no
basis to conclude that the injury was within the ambit of the statute. In my
view that case does not assist the applicants in the present case at all,
since it turned on its own facts. As I have noted above, the evidence adduced
before the Commissioner certainly supported the finding that the deceased
succumbed to an injury that was caused by an accident in the course of his
work.

43 Lastly, my attention was drawn by Mr Lim to the Indian decision of
_Laxmibai v Chairman & Trustees, Bombay Post Trust_ AIR (41) 1954 Bombay 180.
This also concerned a watchman. He was on night duty and on his feet when he
complained of chest pain. He was asked to lie down and his condition
deteriorated before he died a few hours later. The medical evidence showed
that the deceased was suffering from heart disease. It also showed that the
strain caused by the deceased being on his feet for a period of time had
triggered the attack which led to his death. Chagla CJ considered the
authorities before stating at 183:

[W]here we have a case where death is due solely to a disease from which the
workman is suffering and his employment has not been in any way a contributory
cause, and if death is brought about by what might be called mere wear and
tear, then it may be said that the death did not arise out of the employment
of the workman. But where the death is due to a strain caused while the
workman is doing the work of his employer, and if it is established that that
strain, however ordinary, accelerated the death or aggravated the condition of
the workman, then the death could be said to have resulted out of the
employment of the deceased.

44 This short statement of the principle involved is correct in my view and is
consistent with the long line of cases that have dealt with this issue
including two other Malaysian decisions that were cited in argument – _Golden
Hope Rubber Estate Ltd v Muniammah_ [1965] 1 MLJ 5 where an exhaustive review
of all the authorities were undertaken and _Gan Poh v Union Omnibus Co Ltd_
[1970] 1 MLJ 188.

45 In my view, to the extent that there is a unifying principle in the
authorities, it is this: an injury by accident within the meaning of the Act
contemplates:

(a) an injury that was unexpected by the workman;

(b) which was caused or contributed to by something done by or to the workman
in the course of his employment.

46 It does not matter whether that which was done entailed a level of exertion
that was beyond that to which the workman was accustomed. It also does not
matter that the workman had a pre-existing medical condition such that the
injury could have happened at any time, even in his sleep. What is material is
that something in fact transpired in the course of his work which made the
injury occur when it did.

47 Furthermore, it does not matter where the injury in fact occurred. Thus,
the fact that the injury was suffered while the workman was at work will not
be sufficient if the foregoing analysis points otherwise: see for example
_Persin Kaur_ ([42] _supra_) or _Ormond_ ([17] _supra_)_._ Equally, it does
not matter if the injury manifests itself after the workman has left his place
of work. In each case, the injury must be shown to be causally connected in
some way to an occurrence in the course of the workman’s employment in a way
that is akin to that proverbial last straw which broke the camel’s back.

48 Lastly, I should also make it clear that in approaching this inquiry, the
proper view to take, in my judgment, is a broad one “free from over-nice
conjectures” as noted by Lord Loreburn in _Clover Clayton_ ([17] _supra_ at
247).

49 The distinction between injury caused by “wear and tear” and that which
results from an accident in the course of employment is of course a crucial
one. The former is not compensable under the Act even if it accelerates the
workman’s death whereas the latter is. The “last straw” analysis I have just
outlined serves to bring out this distinction and it explains the decision in
_Ormond_.

50 In the present case, as I have noted above, there was clearly evidence to
support the Commissioner’s finding that the deceased’s heart attack was
triggered by his exertions at work on the fateful morning in question.
Whatever may have been his state of health at that time, he certainly had no
expectation that he was going to die from doing that which he had been doing.
But the exertions of that morning proved to be the last straw and die he did
as a result. In the premises, I dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

