Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Management Corporation Strata Title Plan Nos 1298 and 1304 v Chief Assessor
and Comptroller of Property Tax  
[2006] SGCA 29

Case Number | : | CA 146/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ong Sim Ho, Yang Shi Yong and Sophine Chin (Ong Sim Ho) for the appellant; Tham Siok Peng (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan Nos 1298 and 1304 — Chief Assessor and Comptroller of Property Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Owner – Common property of shopping centre
licensed by management corporation of shopping centre for use by various
parties for fee – Whether management corporation "owner" of common property
and liable to pay property tax thereon – Sections 2(1), 2(7)(a), 6(2) Property
Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Valuation list – Common property of shopping
centre licensed by management corporation of shopping centre for use by
various parties for fee – Chief Assessor including common property in
Valuation List for assessment of property tax payable thereon – Whether common
property in shopping complex under land title strata scheme exigible to
property tax when such common property let or licensed for use for rent or fee
– Sections 2(7), 6(1) Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

1 September 2006

Andrew Ang J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Background**

1 This is an appeal by the Management Corporation Strata Title Plan Nos 1298
and 1304 (“the MCST” or “the appellant”) against the decision of Woo Bih Li J,
upholding the inclusion, in the Valuation List and the assessment of property
tax, of seven areas in the common property (“the Spaces”) of Centrepoint
Shopping Centre (“the shopping complex”). As the MCST had licensed various
parties to use the Spaces, the Chief Assessor had included the Spaces in the
Valuation List and the Comptroller of Property Tax (“the Comptroller”) had
issued notices of assessment in respect of each of them. Details of the
numbers and usage are as stated in the judgment below ([2006] 1 SLR 465) at
[1] and are as follows:

Details of the numbers and usage are stated below:

|  Unit No |  Usage  
---|---|---  
1 |  #B1-K1 |  To place a weighing scale  
2 |  #B1-K2 to #B1-K4 |  To place a temporary kiosk for  
promotions (Cold Storage)  
3 |  #01-K2 to #01-K5 |  To place pushcarts for retail  
merchandise  
4 |  #01-K6 |  Retail kiosk (Sins Choc Shoppe)  
5 |  #01-K7 |  To place two automated teller  
machines  
6 |  #01-K8 |  To place one automated teller  
machine  
7 |  #01-K9 |  Retail kiosk (Dippin’ Dots)  
  
2 The MCST appealed to the Valuation Review Board (“the Board”) against the
decision of the Chief Assessor and the Comptroller but the appeal was
dismissed. Its further appeal to the High Court was, likewise, dismissed.
Hence this appeal. We note that this is the first time this court has to
decide on the exigibility to property tax of common property in a shopping
complex under a land title strata scheme.

**Issues**

3 The primary issue before us is whether the Spaces are assessable to tax
under s 6(1) of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the PTA”) which
reads:

**Charge of property tax**

**6.** —(1) As from 1st January 1961, a property tax shall, subject to the
provisions of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act
for each year upon the annual value of all houses, buildings, lands and
tenements whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

**_Interpretation of section 2(7) of the PTA_**

4 In order that the Chief Assessor may include the Spaces in the Valuation
List, they must fall within the meaning of “houses, buildings, lands [or]
tenements” in s 10(1) of the PTA. Despite the appellant’s contention otherwise
in the High Court, it is now common ground that the Spaces are tenements.
Nevertheless, the appellant maintains that the Spaces ought not to be subject
to property tax. The crux of the appellant’s contention is that “a subsidiary
proprietor’s undivided interest and share in the common property is
inalienably attached to his lot and is subject to tax with his lot as a
composite whole” so that “when all the lots are subject to tax, the common
property in the strata development would concomitantly have been taxed”.
Consideration of this contention necessitates an examination of s 2(7) of the
PTA (previously s 2(6) of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254 1997 Rev Ed)) which
reads:

In assessing the annual value of any property which comprises a lot the title
of which is issued under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap. 158) —

(_a_) the subsidiary proprietor of the lot shall be deemed to be the owner
thereof;

(_b_) the annual value of the lot shall be determined as if that lot comprised
a freehold estate in land; and

(_c_) no separate annual value shall be attributed to the land upon which the
subdivided building stands.

5 Counsel for the appellant argued that on a true construction, the subject
matter of s 2(7), _ie_ , “property which comprises a lot the title of which is
issued under the Land Titles (Strata) Act” is not simply a “lot”. In so
arguing, presumably he read the word “comprises” as meaning “includes” rather
than “consists of”. Thus, on his argument, the property whose annual value is
to be assessed is property which “includes” not only the lot, but also the
relevant share of the common property owned by the subsidiary proprietor of
the lot. However, a reference to the definition of “common property” readily
disposes of this argument.

6 “Common property” as defined in s 3(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”) means:

(_a_) in relation to any land and building comprised or to be comprised in a
strata title plan, such part of the land and building —

(i) _not comprised in any lot_ or proposed lot in that strata title plan; …

[emphasis added]

The similarity in the language of s 2(7) of the PTA and this definition rules
out the construction advanced by counsel for the appellant. In the same way
that the definition of “common property” excludes property comprised in any
lot, “property which comprises a lot” in s 2(7) of the PTA excludes common
property; they are mutually exclusive.

7 Counsel for the appellant further argued that the subsidiary proprietor’s
share of the common property being inalienably tied with the lot, it could not
have been Parliament’s intention to exclude common property from a charge to
property tax when it enacted s 2(7) of the PTA. Our interpretation of s 2(7),
however, does not bear that out. If it was indeed Parliament’s intention that
the subsidiary proprietor’s share of the common property should be taken into
account in the assessment of the annual value of the lot, it would have been
easier to say so explicitly. Instead, s 2(7)(_c_) of the PTA specifically
provides that “no separate annual value shall be attributed to the land upon
which the subdivided building stands”. It would have been remiss of the
legislative draftsman to have sought to effect such inclusion merely by the
use of the word “comprise” without identifying what was to be included.

8 Assuming _arguendo_ that the words “property which comprises a lot” includes
the relevant share of the common property, why would the assessment of the
annual value thereof then specifically exclude, as prescribed in s 2(7)(_c_),
the annual value attributable to the land upon which the subdivided building
stands? That would be adding with one hand only to take away with the other.

9 In truth, s 2(7) was introduced to address the uncertainties that arose with
the introduction of strata subdivision. For the first time in Singapore,
“properties in the air” (_ie_ , strata lots) were capable of being separately
owned instead of being part of the land on which the building stood as was the
case under the common law encapsulated in the maxim “ _quicquid plantatur
solo, solo cedit_ ” (whatever is affixed to the soil belongs to the soil). For
purposes of property tax, s 2(7) recognised the subsidiary proprietor of a
strata lot as the owner and stated in effect that the annual value of a strata
lot was to be assessed no differently than if it were a freehold estate in
land. And since, under s 13 of the LTSA, the land was owned in common by the
subsidiary proprietors of the strata lots, no separate valuation of the land
was required. Indeed, so long as the common property was used or capable of
being used in common by occupiers of the strata lots, no additional assessment
had been raised by the Comptroller of Property Tax. The question arose in the
present case because each of the Spaces was licensed for a fee instead of
being held for common use.

10 Whilst we do not accept the appellant’s construction that the property
which is the subject of s 2(7) includes the subsidiary proprietor’s interest
in the common property, we would accept that, in practice, the determination
of the annual value of a lot would almost inevitably take account of the
enjoyment to be derived from facilities and amenities forming part of the
common property even though no specific value would be separately ascribed to
such facilities and amenities. After all, it is unrealistic to suggest that
(following the definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA) “the gross
amount at which [a lot] can reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year” will not have implied therein some value for the enjoyment to be derived
from at least some parts of the common property. That may explain why s
2(7)(_c_) provides that in assessing the annual value of a lot “no _separate_
annual value shall be attributed to the land” [emphasis added]. In other
words, whilst the assessment of the annual value of a lot may indirectly take
into account the facilities and amenities afforded by the common property, no
separate value is to be ascribed to the land in such assessment. However, it
does not follow that property tax may not be charged where, instead of being
held for enjoyment in common by all occupants of strata lots, parts of the
common property are let or licensed for a rent or fee. Nothing in the PTA
precludes the assessment of property tax in such circumstances. Given that it
is no longer in contention that the Spaces are “tenements”, in the absence of
any exemption, their inclusion in the Valuation List is unobjectionable.
Accordingly, the Spaces are properly subject to property tax under s 6(1) of
the PTA.

**_Double taxation_**

11 The appellant argued that this would be tantamount to double taxation. It
reasoned that any use to which the Spaces are put will enhance the annual
value of all the strata lots thereby giving rise to an increase in the
property tax chargeable. Therefore to assess the Spaces to property tax as
well would amount to the imposition of double taxation. The fallacy of this
argument is that it assumes that the letting out of the Spaces would
automatically give rise to an enhancement in the annual value of the lots _pro
tanto_. Why must that be so? It may even be that the Spaces are put to uses
which compete against the businesses conducted within certain strata lots. In
such event, the rental which a tenant would be prepared to pay for a lot may
well be reduced.

12 Rather than to assume that the enhancement in the annual value of the
common property by the licensing of the Spaces would be reflected in increases
in annual value of the strata lots, the more accurate way is simply to assess
the Spaces to property tax as clearly sanctioned by the PTA and to assess each
strata lot to property tax as before, account being taken of the change in the
annual value thereof (if any).

**_Who the owner liable for property tax is_**

13 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the appellant is not the owner of
the Spaces forming part of the common property and therefore ought not to be
liable for the payment of property tax in respect thereof. Although s 2(1) of
the PTA defines “owner” to mean “the person for the time being receiving the
rent of any premises whether on his own account or as agent or trustee for any
other person”, the appellant submitted that s 2(7)(_a_) of the PTA ought to
prevail. The latter provision states:

In assessing the annual value of any property which comprises a lot the title
of which is issued under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap. 158) —

(_a_) the subsidiary proprietor of the lot shall be deemed to be the owner
thereof[.]

As we earlier noted, s 2(7) was enacted to address the uncertainties that
arose with the introduction of strata subdivision which created “properties in
the air”. Section 2(7)(_a_) made it clear that a strata lot was owned by the
subsidiary proprietor thereof and not by the owners of the land upon which the
building (of which the strata lot formed part) stood. Its purpose was not to
determine upon whom the liability for payment of property tax was to fall.
That is covered by s 6(2) read with the general definition of “owner” in s
2(1). We agree with the learned judge that it does not matter that the Spaces
are licensed and not let because s 2(4) of the PTA draws no distinction
between a letting or a licence. It may be inferred, therefore, that the
definition of “owner” in s 2(1) includes a person for the time being receiving
the licence fees in respect of any premises.

14 There is no sensible reason for the interpretation urged upon us by counsel
for the appellant, _ie_ , that s 2(7)(_a_) intended that property tax in
respect of a strata lot should be paid by the subsidiary proprietor thereof.
If the rent or licence fee is collected by someone else, why should not the
property tax be paid by such recipient? Moreover, in any event, s 2(7)(_a_)
specifically refers to the strata lot alone and cannot have any application to
the common property. The appellant is therefore the proper party to whom the
Comptroller may look for the payment of property tax.

**Decision**

15 For the foregoing reasons, the appeal is dismissed with costs, with the
usual consequential orders to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

