Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ting Sing Ning (alias Malcolm Ding) v Ting Chek Swee (alias Ting Chik Sui)
and Others  
[2006] SGHC 192

Case Number | : | OS 424/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kannan Ramesh, Marina Chin, See Chern Yang and Paul Seah (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff; Francis Xavier, Melvin Lum and Dawn Wee (Rajah & Tann) for the first and fourth defendants; Tang King Suong (Tang & Partners) for the third defendant; Andy Cheok and Cleophas Pfang (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the sixth defendant   
Parties | : |  Ting Sing Ning (alias Malcolm Ding) — Ting Chek Swee (alias Ting Chik Sui); Borindo Woods Pte Ltd; Havilland Ltd; Gerhard Tesan Binti; Sia Cheng Yong   
  
Companies – Members – Representative action – Plaintiff shareholder in company
– Plaintiff alleging fraud by shareholders holding 42% of shares in company –
Whether plaintiff imbued with locus standi to bring action – Whether
defendants' non-majority shareholding presenting bar to proof of "fraud on the
minority" exception to rule in Foss v Harbottle  
  

27 October 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This began as an originating summons commenced by the plaintiff on 20 March
2000 against the first (“Ting”), fifth (“Binti”), and sixth (“Sia”) defendants
for damages for breach of fiduciary duties as directors of the third defendant
(“Havilland”), and for a declaration for an account to be taken in respect of
the three directors, and, similarly, for an account to be taken against the
fourth defendant (“Merit”), a company in which Ting, Binti and Sia each have
interests as a shareholder. The plaintiff holds 10% of Havilland’s shares and
Ting, Binti and Sia hold 15.5%, 12% and 14.5% respectively. These directors,
therefore, hold a total of 42% of the shares in Havilland, and 52% when the
plaintiff’s shareholding is included in the count. The remaining 48% belongs
to various other parties. The composition of the holders of this 48% is
important in the present application, which was an application by the parties
for the determination of a preliminary point, namely, whether the plaintiff
had the _locus standi_ to commence the present proceedings, or whether he was
prevented by the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_ (1843) 2 Hare 461; 67 ER 189 (“
_Foss_ ”) from doing so if the right of action rests with the company and not
an individual shareholder – this has been known in company law as the “proper
plaintiff rule”. This rule was borne from commercial expediency and good
sense, and is underpinned by the concept of the company as a separate legal
entity. The rule is a useful one because it avoids the multiplicity of actions
by individual members by giving the right of action to the company itself; and
thus, and in many instances, prevents a minority from oppressing the majority
by inflicting vexatious and unwarranted legal action. The plaintiff does not
dispute the principle in _Foss_ , but argues that he had brought himself
within the exceptions to the _Foss_ rule. The preliminary issues as agreed
between the parties for the determination of this court are as follows:

(a) Whether the plaintiff can establish a _prima facie_ case that Havilland is
entitled to the relief claimed;

(b) Whether the plaintiff can show that he qualifies to bring an action under
the “fraud on the minority” exception to the rule in _Foss_ ; and

(c) Whether the “justice of the case” exception to the rule in _Foss_ should
apply.

2 The rule in _Foss_ is subject to the well-known exception known as the
“fraud on the minority” exception. Generally, this exception may be called in
aid when the majority have obtained some sort of benefit at the expense of the
company, and, on account of their controlling power, have prevented any action
from being brought against them by the company. The normal burden of proof in
law is founded on the basis that “he who asserts must prove”. Hence, it was
not remarkable that the Court of Appeal in England in _Prudential Assurance Co
Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2)_ [1982] Ch 204 held that the plaintiff
carried the burden of proving _prima facie_ that there had been some form of
wrongdoing on the part of the majority and that the case was within the
exception.

3 The plaintiff’s claim in this case was based essentially on a forensic
accounting report from one Don Ho exhibited in his affidavit filed on 26
January 2006. Various instances of wrongdoing were recorded, for example,
unauthorised payments out of Havilland into Merit’s account, and payments into
other companies such as Pacific Talent Industries Ltd and Aspac Reforest Pte
Ltd in which Ting and Sia have direct or indirect interests. However, it is
not necessary for me to discuss the allegations of wrongdoing because for the
purposes of the preliminary issue, the court is only concerned with whether
the plaintiff has made out a _prima facie_ case of wrongdoing. In the instant
case, the defendants have not engaged the plaintiff in dispute on the point
regarding a _prima facie_ case of wrongdoing. They must have accepted that the
evidence of the forensic expert would have taken the plaintiff’s case past the
_prima facie_ threshold. I would think so too. The focus of the preliminary
issue, therefore, concerned the two remaining questions, namely, whether the
plaintiff was entitled to commence a derivative action on the ground that the
failure of the company to do so was part of the fraud on the plaintiff as a
minority in the company, and secondly, whether the interests of justice is an
additional ground for relief and whether it applies in this case.

4 The defendants contended that the plaintiff’s argument based on his minority
status was unfounded because he was not in the minority. The shareholding of
the members is the best indicia of control. Therefore, the combined
shareholding of Ting, Binti and Sia of 42% clearly did not constitute the
controlling block. But fraud being what it is, and no one can tell in what
form it appears, the courts have learnt to cast a searching eye over other
means of manipulating control. The shareholding of the parties may only
indicate ostensible control whereas _de facto_ control may lie elsewhere. In
searching for fraud, the court is obliged to discern the true seat of power.
The plaintiff’s first argument was that Ting’s sister’s 10% stake in Havilland
should be added to the 42% of the defendants’ group on the ground that the
sister was likely to vote in favour of her brother by reason of their blood
relation. However, I was unable to find any indication in counsel’s submission
that explained why the sister would likely vote for Ting’s group. In any case,
and this is even more so because the plaintiff is himself a nephew of Ting,
bias or influence cannot be readily inferred by consanguinity alone. I am of
the opinion that there is no basis to add Ting’s sister’s shareholding to the
defendants’ block.

5 The plaintiff, however, also submitted that even if Ting, Binti and Sia did
not have the majority shareholding, they nonetheless had _de facto_ control.
As the court said in _Waddington Limited v Chan Chun Hoo Thomas_ [2005] HKCFI
1010 at [94]:

[I]n the light of [the approach in _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Newman
Industries Ltd (No 2)_] to control, it is legitimate to take into account the
likely effect of a failure on the part of certain shareholders to vote, just
as much as it would be appropriate to take account of the fact that some
shareholders will vote with the majority out of apathy, if not influence.

In this regard, it was not disputed that Merit had 14 shareholders who were
common shareholders of Havilland. The shareholding of the common shareholders
would have increased Ting’s, Sia’s and Binti’s voting block to 72%, thereby
making the plaintiff a minority shareholder. That being the case, the
plaintiff’s counsel contended that the common shareholders could be expected
to vote with Ting, Sia and Binti. There is some merit in this argument since
it was conceded that Merit had received commercial benefits at Havilland’s
expense. However, I do not think that the idea of a reason to infer bias in
voting should be confused with the discharge of one’s burden of proof. The
common shareholders might be expected to vote with Ting, Sia and Binti only if
they were implicated in the wrongdoing. There was some _prima facie_ proof of
that by reason of the payouts from Havilland to Merit. So the question was
whether, in the light of this, there was any reason to suggest that Ting, Sia
and Binti would use their influence to block Havilland from taking legal
action. The answer seemed to be none. But it was not a straightforward
solution to the legal issue before me. That was because the plaintiff did not
put the matter into the hands of the board of directors or the shareholders
and did not raise it at Havilland’s annual general meeting on 10 March 2000,
ten days before he commenced this present action. How does one evaluate the
plaintiff’s omission in making a formal request that Havilland inquire into
the alleged wrongdoing? Was this a situation in which it would be akin to
asking the wrongdoer himself to check on the allegations? If it was, then one
might say that the plaintiff had no reason to ask all the shareholders of
Havilland whether the action ought to proceed. Subsequent to the commencement
of this action, Havilland’s directors wrote a letter dated 31 July 2000 to the
shareholders asking if they were in favour of the action. They voted against
continuing the action. On 12 February 2006, five of the shareholders convened
an extraordinary general meeting, which was held on 13 March 2006, to consider
whether to continue the proceedings. The plaintiff had the opportunity of
presenting his reasons at the meeting but chose not to attend. The meeting,
with the exception of the plaintiff, thereafter voted against the continuation
of the proceedings since it had been commenced without the shareholders’
approval. In the circumstances, I am not of the view that the plaintiff has
proved sufficiently that the majority had used their influence to oppress him.
I am of the opinion that a party in such circumstances was bound to be at the
meeting and to present his case to the meeting of shareholders. The fact that
the meeting was convened indicated that there was an opportunity for the
shareholders in general meeting to address the plaintiff’s grievances
favourably. I am not convinced that I should draw an adverse inference just by
reason of the fact that Merit had shareholders in common with Havilland. Those
shareholders might not want to be implicated if misconduct had been involved
in the transactions between Havilland and Merit, and they might have agreed
with the plaintiff’s course of action. In any case, this is a matter of
speculation since the plaintiff chose not to attend the meeting and put the
matter before the shareholders.

6 The plaintiff having put the matter out of the shareholders’ consideration
and having purchased this action prematurely, as it appeared, I am of the
opinion that there is no basis to consider whether there is a fifth exception
to _Foss_ based on the concept of the “justice of the case”. That exception
found favour with the courts in _Hawkesbury Development Co Ltd v Landmark
Finance Pty Ltd_ [1969] 2 NSWR 782 (“ _Hawkesbury_ ”), _Biala Pty Ltd v
Mallina Holdings Limited (No 2)_ (1993) 11 ACLC 1082 (“ _Biala_ ”), and _Abdul
Rahim bin Aki v Krubong Industrial Park (Melaka) Sdn Bhd_ [1995] 3 MLJ 417.
Ipp J in _Bialia_ expressed the spirit of this “fifth exception” to _Foss_
when he held at 1102:

Equity is concerned with substance and not form, and it seems to me to be
contrary to principle to require wronged minority shareholders to bring
themselves within the boundaries of the well-recognised exceptions and to deny
jurisdiction to a court of equity even where an unjust or unconscionable
result may otherwise ensue.

He was giving support to Street J’s determination in _Hawkesbury_ where he
held at 789 that he would be “prepared to accept the existence of a further
exception to the rule in _Foss v. Harbottle_ _…_ where justice so requires”.
In any event, I do not think that this exception would have been helpful to
the plaintiff in this case. How often have we heard the name of Equity, and
that of her sister, Justice, raised in defiance of the law? Among all the good
that Equity and Justice (whatever they might truly mean) have performed in
service of the law, one will find dreadful mistakes, silenced and ignored, and
vanquished causes on account of some suspicion that they were advanced by
villains who happened to have the law on their side. One might ask, is not the
law for all – the virtuous and the villainous alike? Judges never appear more
judicious than when they are in the company of Equity and Justice. What they
should endeavour to avoid is a reliance on vague notions and undefined forms
resulting in the perception that Equity (and Justice) is still being measured
according to “the length of the Chancellor’s foot”. If Justice here means that
a single, isolated shareholder, like the plaintiff here, should find redress
through the courts against errant shareholders where the majority have used
their influence to prevent the company, as the proper plaintiff, from taking
action, then I would lend the full weight of the court to the plaintiff in the
instant case.

7 But justice is a more complex concept than that. It is also about fairness
(which can also be difficult to achieve at times). In some cases, it is all
about fairness. Fairness in circumstances such as the present involves the
balancing of the rights of competing parties. In such a case, the rights and
positions of all the other shareholders cannot be ignored. So if the opposing
side were the majority, fairness would have required the plaintiff to give all
shareholders the opportunity of considering and voting on the action.
Shareholders who have not been tainted by any wrongdoing would also have been
entitled to express their views. The mechanism of the extraordinary general
meeting would have permitted all relevant parties – the plaintiff, the
defendants, and other shareholders not named in this litigation – to decide
what would be best in the interests of the company. Only when the independent
shareholders have spoken would the justice of the case appear more lucidly.
From the record, the shareholders voted twice – once in 2000 and once in 2006
– against litigation. The relevant defendants abstained from voting. That was
an important fact, but it would not be fatal to the plaintiff’s case if he
were able to show that the relevant defendants could and did influence the
other shareholders even though they themselves did not vote. The plaintiff has
not shown that this was the case. Unless the plaintiff had attended the
extraordinary general meeting and made his case out before it, it could not be
known whether the other shareholders would have voted for or against taking
action. As I mentioned above (at [5]), we may assume that innocent
shareholders would not wish to be parties to misconduct by the directors.
Although it was not a critical factor, nonetheless, I think that the
plaintiff’s failure to pursue this action with diligence, after having
commenced it in 2000, was a factor that could have been considered by the
general meeting in assessing the overall fairness of the plaintiff’s case. And
it was, obviously, also a factor that I have taken into account.

8 On some other occasions, “justice” may mean “deserts”. On the present facts,
I am reluctant to make pronouncements as to who was more deserving, and of
what. Any conclusion that I draw as to deserts in favour of the plaintiff
might be an indictment of the other shareholders who either might not have
agreed with the impugned defendants or might not have been persuaded by the
arguments of the plaintiff as to misconduct that would, in their view, warrant
legal action. That being the case, and for the foregoing reasons, I am of the
view that the plaintiff has not discharged his obligations at law to satisfy
the court that _prima facie_ , Ting, Binti and Sia had unduly influenced the
majority shareholders from taking legal action through Havilland. Accordingly,
I am of the view that the preliminary issue must be ruled in the defendants’
favour. I rule, therefore, that the plaintiff has no standing to proceed with
this action, and the action is accordingly dismissed with costs to follow the
event and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

