Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 114

Case Number | : | Suit 403/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Chang (M & A Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Gan Kam Yuin (Bih Li & Lee) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd — Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Repudiatory breach – Plaintiff subcontractor contracting
with defendant supplier for supply of goods at fixed prices and on dates
determined by plaintiff – Defendant withholding delivery of goods to compel
plaintiff to agree to increases in prices of goods such that delivery of goods
delayed – Whether defendant's conduct amounting to repudiatory breach of
contract – Whether plaintiff entitled to accept defendant's repudiation of
contract  
  
Contract – Remedies – Mitigation of damage – Defendant in repudiatory breach
of contract to supply goods to plaintiff – Whether plaintiff obliged to
mitigate loss suffered by such breach by accepting defendant's offer to
continue to supply goods at original contractual prices  
  

29 June 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiff, Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd (“Highness
Electrical”), which specialises in installing electrical works in building
projects, sued the defendant, Sigma Cable Company (Pte) Ltd (“Sigma”), which
manufactures and supplies electrical cables, for loss arising from an alleged
breach of a contract to supply the plaintiff with electric cables for one of
its projects. Sigma denied breaching the contract in question and asserted
that even if it did, most of the losses claimed by Highness Electrical were
outside the ambit of the contract.

Background

2 In 2003, Highness Electrical was awarded a subcontract for the installation
of electrical works at a building project in Toh Guan Road East (“the building
project”). To fulfil its obligations in the building project, Highness
Electrical entered into a contract on 17 December 2003 with Sigma for the
supply of various types of electrical cables from December 2003 to 31 December
2005.

3 The relevant documents evidencing the contract in question are Highness
Electrical’s purchase order dated 8 December 2003, Sigma’s letter dated 16
December 2003 and Sigma’s confirmation order dated 17 December 2003. The total
cost of the electric cables to be supplied under the contract was
$2,796,884.09, exclusive of goods and services tax. It is common ground that
the electric cables were to be delivered progressively over a period of about
two years until 31 December 2005 and that the prices quoted by Sigma for the
electric cables were only valid until the end of December 2005, by which time
the building project was supposed to have been completed. The purchase order
issued by Highness Electrical, which was accepted by Sigma, provided that
payment for goods ordered under the contract was to be made within 60 to 90
days and that the delivery dates for the goods ordered were to be advised by
Highness Electrical.

4 Both Highness Electrical and Sigma had dealt with each other for many years
before the contract in question was entered into. Initially, the parties had
no real difficulties under the present contract although Highness Electrical
was tardy in paying for goods ordered, until this problem was ironed out by 6
December 2004. However, when the price of raw materials for the required
electric cables, such as copper and cathode, increased significantly, Sigma
wanted to increase the prices for certain types of cables supplied to Highness
Electrical and even sought to terminate the contract at an earlier date
without just cause. According to Highness Electrical, Sigma deliberately
withheld the supply of electric cables ordered by it in order to force it to
agree to price increases, a charge denied by Sigma. On two occasions, in July
and December 2004, Highness Electrical acceded to the price increases, which
amounted to more than $160,000.

5 What is clear is that by early February 2005, Sigma still had not delivered
goods ordered several months before that date. Highness Electrical consulted
its lawyers, M & A Law Corporation, who wrote to Sigma on 3 February 2005,
alleging that the contract had been repudiated by the latter and that the
repudiation was accepted by its client.

6 On 30 March 2005, Sigma altered its position and agreed to supply electric
cables at the prices originally agreed upon in December 2003. According to
Highness Electrical, the offer was irrelevant because it no longer had any
confidence in working with Sigma and the latter tried to impose new
unacceptable conditions for resuming the delivery of goods, including a “lead
time” for manufacturing cables.

7 In June 2005, Highness Electrical instituted this action to recover damages
for the loss it had suffered as a result of having to pay higher prices for
the electric cables in question. At that time, it was purchasing electric
cables that it required for the building project on a piecemeal basis from
various sources. It was only in September 2005 that it entered into a contract
with Keystone Cable (S) Pte Ltd (“Keystone”) for the supply of electric cables
yet to be delivered under its contract with Sigma. Needless to say, the prices
under the contract with Keystone were significantly higher than those quoted
by Sigma in its contract with Highness Electrical on 17 December 2003.

**Whether Sigma repudiated the contract**

8 As in many cases of this nature, the position of the party who claims to
have accepted a repudiation by the other contracting party depends on whether
that other party had committed a repudiatory breach in the first place. In
this context, the following words of Buckley LJ in _Decro-Wall International
SA v Practitioners in Marketing Ltd_ [1971] 1 WLR 361 (“ _Decro-Wall
International_ ”) at 379–380, are worth noting:

Each party to an agreement is entitled to performance of the contract
according to its terms in every particular, and any breach, however slight,
which causes damage to the other party will afford a cause of action for
damages; but not every breach, even if its continuance is threatened
throughout the contract or the remainder of its subsistence, will amount to a
repudiation. To constitute repudiation, the threatened breach must be such as
to deprive the injured party of a substantial part of the benefit to which he
is entitled under the contract.

9 As for what is required to deprive the innocent party of a substantial part
of the benefit to which he is entitled under the contract, Buckley LJ added at
380 that the test is whether the consequences of the breach are such that “it
would be unfair to the injured party to hold him to the contract and leave him
to his remedy in damages as and when a breach or breaches may occur”.

10 Buckley LJ’s approach was endorsed by Lord Fraser of Tullybelton in
_Federal Commerce & Navigation Co Ltd v Molena Alpha Inc_ [1979] AC 757 at 783
and has been adopted in local decisions: see _Kool Team Marketing v Pacific
Sunwear Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 243 at [40].

11 Sigma certainly acted most unreasonably after the prices of raw materials
for the electric cables required by Highness Electrical went up. Having
contracted on 17 December 2003 to supply Highness Electrical specified
electric cables at fixed prices until the end of 2005, it was neither obliged
to reduce prices if the cost of raw materials went down nor entitled to
increase prices when the cost of raw materials went up.

12 The first increase in prices demanded by Sigma was in relation to two types
of XLPE/PVC electric cables measuring 500mm2 and 1,000mm2 in conductor size
ordered by Highness Electrical under its delivery instruction No
HE/DI/04/0037, which was issued on 7 April 2004. By mid-May 2004, only some of
the electric cables ordered had been delivered. When Highness Electrical
pressed for the delivery of the remaining electric cables, Sigma sought an
increase in the prices for the outstanding cables. Under the contract, the
agreed prices for cables measuring 500mm2 and 1,000mm2 were $19.30 and $38.50
per metre respectively. On 8 June 2004, Sigma informed Highness Electrical
that the prices for the cables that had been ordered would be increased to
$25.50 for the 500mm2 cables and $51.60 for the 1,000mm2 cables. Highness
Electrical had a tight schedule to meet and was liable for delay in completion
of its electrical work in the building project. It claimed that it acceded to
the price increases only because it urgently needed the cables to complete its
work. Only after the increase in prices was agreed to were the remaining
electric cables delivered in late June and July 2004.

13 The second round of price increases occurred after Highness Electrical
issued delivery instruction No HE/DI/04/0128 on 20 September 2004 for the
delivery of two types of XLPE/PVC cables measuring 500mm2 and 1,000mm2 in
conductor size by the first week of October 2004. Sigma did not deliver the
cables despite repeated requests. On 18 December 2004, Sigma sent Highness
Electrical a fax confirming that the prices for the goods would be increased
from $19.30 and $38.50 per metre to $25.50 and $51.60 per metre respectively
for the 500mm2 and 1,000mm2 XLPE/PVC cables. Highness Electrical claimed that
it eventually agreed to pay more for the cables because it was in urgent need
of them. The cables were then delivered on 20 December 2004 and 4 January
2005. After commencing this action, Highness Electrical discovered from
Sigma’s internal documents that the requested cables had been manufactured
only after it had agreed to the price increases requested.

14 On 10 January 2005, Sigma made it plain in a letter to Highness Electrical
that it was not going to fulfil its contractual obligation to supply electric
cables at the prices agreed under their contract of 17 December 2003 and
quoted new increased prices to Highness Electrical. The letter was as follows:

[D]ue to the current raw material price increased more than 100%, we are
unable [to] meet the old price.

After review[ing] our long-term relationship, we will requote to you as
follows:-

…

We hope you can understand our current situation and look forward [to] your
acceptance of the above offer by [14/1/05] and the delivery date should be to
reconfirm.

15 On 11 January 2005, Highness Electrical rejected the new prices in the
following terms:

We regret to inform [you] that we are unable to accept your new pricing.

Kindly refer to your quoted prices as per Order Confirmation Number: 0301900L
dated 17th December 2003. We have quoted our Main Contractor as per that
pricing accordingly and are unable to raise any price increase as the Tender
Sum had been agreed since then.

16 In view of the impasse, the delivery of goods to Highness Electrical was
held up, putting it in a very difficult position _vis-à-vis_ the main
contractor. Highness Electrical complained that despite having agreed on two
occasions to price increases, Sigma continued to delay deliveries of the goods
ordered by it. From 22 October 2004 to 14 January 2005, Highness Electrical
made further requests for deliveries of cables ordered in the following five
delivery instructions:

_Date of delivery instruction_ _Delivery instruction no_  _Delivery date_

22 October 2004 HE/DI/04/0154 25 October 2004

22 October 2004 HE/DI/04/0156 25 October 2004

20 December 2004 HE/DI/04/0217 22 December 2004

13 January 2005 HE/DI/05/0008 1 February 2005

14 January 2005 HE/DI/05/0015 14 February 2005

17 Highness Electrical claimed that despite its repeated requests, Sigma did
not deliver the ordered cables with the exception of items 3 to 10 of delivery
instruction No HE/DI/04/0154 issued on 22 October 2004. It alleged that by 3
February 2005, none of the outstanding items had been delivered. Highness
Electrical’s director, Mr Hong Heng Peng, testified that Sigma’s sales and
marketing manager, Mr Yap Hock Chai, informed him that Sigma’s general
manager, Mr David Hahn, had instructed him to seek consent to the price
increases before the cables that had been ordered would be manufactured.
Neither Mr Yap nor Mr Hahn, who both wrote several crucial letters to Highness
Electrical, were called by Sigma to rebut the evidence of Highness
Electrical’s witnesses or to shed any light on the issues raised by them.

18 Apart from delaying deliveries and demanding price increases, Sigma warned
Highness Electrical on 23 December 2004 that the contract would be terminated
unless it received a forecast of the electric cables required for the
remaining period under the contract. Sigma added that after reviewing the
current order by Highness Electrical, it would inform the latter “of the
outcome”. Why Sigma thought that it could impose new terms unilaterally or
terminate the contract at its own will because of price increases in the raw
materials needed for the manufacturing of the electric cables required by
Highness Electrical under the contract of 17 December 2003 cannot be fathomed.

19 Although it was displeased with Sigma’s high-handedness, Highness
Electrical complied with the demand for the forecast. Notwithstanding the
completion of the forecast, Sigma did not deliver all the electric cables
already ordered by Highness Electrical.

20 On 2 February 2005, Sigma unilaterally attempted to terminate the contract
at an earlier date by informing Highness Electrical that the latest delivery
date for electric cables under the contract was the end of April 2005 and not
31 December 2005, as originally agreed upon, after which the contract would be
considered as “completed”.

21 Highness Electrical claimed to have had enough of Sigma’s high-handedness.
On 3 February 2005, its solicitors, M & A Law Corporation, wrote to Sigma as
follows:

[F]rom on or about 25 October 2004 to date, you have, despite our clients’
urgent requests, failed, neglected and/or refused to make deliveries of the
said Cables progressively pursuant to our clients’ Delivery Instructions as
follows –

_Delivery Order Date_ _Delivery Order No._

22 October 2004 HE/DI/04/0154

22 October 2004 HE/DI/04/0156

20 December 2004 HE/DI/04/0217

13 January 2005 HE/DI/04/0008

Further to the above, by your letter to our client dated 23 December 2004, you
have also expressly or impliedly stated your refusal to continue with further
deliveries of the said Cables, and/or to terminate the Contract with our
clients, purportedly because of an “** _increase of prices of raw materials_**
…”

As such, you have unequivocally evinced an intention not to be bound by the
terms and conditions of the Contract between you and our clients and have
wrongfully terminated the Contract or alternatively repudiated the same.

We are instructed that our clients accept your repudiation of the Contract and
are therefore discharged from any primary obligations or otherwise under the
Contract.

In the circumstances, our clients will look to you for all losses and damages
suffered as a result of your wrongful termination and/or repudiation of the
Contract.

22 On 30 March 2005, instead of addressing the contents in M & A Law
Corporation’s letter of 3 February 2005, Sigma informed Highness Electrical
that it would sell the latter electric cables at the prices fixed under the
contract of 17 December 2003 and that the latest delivery date for electric
cables ordered would be extended to the end of December 2005, which was the
date fixed under the said contract for the final delivery of wires.

23 On 25 April 2005, M & A Law Corporation wrote to Sigma to reiterate its
position that Highness Electrical had accepted Sigma’s repudiation of the
contract and was, as such, discharged from all further obligations under the
said contract.

24 Sigma claimed that Highness Electrical had no grounds on 3 February 2005
for regarding the contract as having been repudiated by it. As for its letter
of 23 December 2004, which threatened to terminate the contract unless
Highness Electrical furnished a forecast of its future requirements was
concerned, it pointed out that even if there had been a breach, such breach
had been waived by Highness Electrical, which continued to order goods and to
take delivery of goods after that date.

25 Sigma also pointed out that M & A Law Corporation’s letter of 3 February
2005 specified Sigma’s letter of 23 December 2004 as being the critical letter
and only hinted at the non-delivery of the goods ordered in the specified
delivery instructions as a factor in the decision to terminate the contract.
Sigma also noted that in M & A Law Corporation’s second letter of 25 April
2005 reference was only made to Sigma’s letter of 23 December 2004 and it was
reiterated by the solicitors that Sigma’s letter evinced a clear intention on
Sigma’s part not to be bound by the contract.

26 Sigma gave a number of reasons for delaying the supply of goods to Highness
Electrical. To begin with, it complained that Highness Electrical was in
breach by failing to pay for goods on time. However, there is not a single
document that proves that delayed payment was linked to the halt in the supply
of electric cables ordered by Highness Electrical. Besides, it is common
ground that by early December 2004, Highness Electrical had paid up whatever
was outstanding and yet the delivery of goods was still being delayed when
Highness Electrical regarded the contract as at an end on 3 February 2005. I
thus reject Sigma’s assertion that delayed delivery was due to delayed payment
by Highness Electrical for goods already delivered.

27 As for its attempts to increase prices, Sigma asserted that price changes
were a fact of life in long-term commercial contracts and could not be
regarded as repudiatory. It pointed out that Highness Electrical acceded to
two rounds of price increases, in June 2004 and December 2004, and did not
repudiate the contract at the material time. However, it ought to be noted
that there is a world of difference between seeking price increases and
holding up the delivery of goods to achieve this goal, knowing that this made
it very difficult for Highness Electrical to carry out its obligations in the
building project. Indeed, on 29 January 2005, Highness Electrical pleaded with
Sigma to deliver cables ordered as early as October 2004 because the delay in
delivery of goods had “tightened up [its] work completion schedule to 2 days”.
After evaluating the evidence, I accept that there is a link between the delay
and the price increases sought by Sigma and that Sigma was withholding
supplies to force Highness Electrical to succumb to its demands.

28 Admittedly, Highness Electrical’s position could have been stated more
clearly in M & A Law Corporation’s letter of 3 February 2005 and it is
unfortunate that M & A Law Corporation’s letter of 30 March 2005 merely
referred to Sigma’s letter of 23 December 2004. All the same, it could not
have escaped anyone’s attention that Highness Electrical was very concerned
about the delays in delivery of the electrical cables ordered for the project
and this was sufficiently outlined in M & A Law Corporation’s letter of 3
February 2005. Sigma argued that the proportion of goods not delivered was not
significant when viewed in the context of a contract for $2,796,884.09 worth
of goods. However, it is trite that in contracts such as this where goods are
to be delivered over a period of time, one must consider not only
quantitatively the ratio of the cost of the breach to the contract as a whole
but also the degree of probability that such a breach will be repeated. In the
light of Buckley LJ’s test in _Decro-Wall International_ ([8] _supra_), which
is whether the consequences of the breach are such that it would be unfair to
the injured party to hold him to the contract and leave him to the remedy in
damages as and when a breach occurs, there can be no doubt that with its
delayed deliveries to apply pressure on Highness Electrical to pay higher
prices, Sigma was guilty of repudiatory conduct and that Highness Electrical
was entitled to accept the repudiation of the contract through its solicitor’s
letter on 3 February 2005.

29 Before turning to the question of assessment of damages, mention must be
made of the fact that Highness Electrical also complained that although Sigma
offered to perform the contract, it tried to impose additional conditions
regarding “manufacturing lead time” of between four and eight weeks before
goods ordered could be delivered. It pointed out that there was no previous
agreement that Sigma would be given such lead time and the time given to the
latter to deliver goods in the past varied between one day and one month,
depending on Highness Electrical’s requirements at the building project at the
relevant time. On the other hand, Sigma argued that the cost of stocking some
of the electrical cables was prohibitive and that was why the cables were
manufactured only after they were ordered. In my view, not much turns on this
issue of lead time because most of the delays after Highness Electrical was no
longer in arrears in its payments in early December 2004 exceeded any lead
time claimed by Sigma. As has been mentioned, by 3 February 2005, goods
ordered several months ago had not been delivered. In any case, as I have
found that there are substantial grounds for Highness Electrical to regard
Sigma’s conduct as repudiatory, the issue of manufacturing lead time need not
be further discussed.

**Assessment of damages**

30 As the trial was only scheduled for three days, there was no time to
consider the documentation concerning assessment of damages for Sigma’s breach
of contract. As such, I directed that the assessment of damages be done by the
Registrar. Even so, a few points ought to be noted in this judgment.

31 To begin with, some of Highness Electrical’s claims for losses relate to
purchases of electric cables from other parties before the termination of its
contract with Sigma on 3 February 2005. It ought to be placed on record that
Highness Electrical’s counsel, Mr Alvin Chang, helpfully withdrew these claims
on his client’s behalf before the end of the trial to avoid any further
arguments in relation to these purchases.

32 Secondly, Sigma argued that even if it was in breach, Highness Electrical
should have mitigated its loss by accepting its offer on 30 March 2005 to
continue to supply goods at previously agreed prices because any attempt to
purchase electric cables from other parties, such as Keystone, would
necessarily result in Highness Electrical having to pay higher prices in view
of the increase in the prices of raw materials for the required electric
cables. In regard to mitigation of damages, the following passage from
Karthigesu JA’s judgment in _China Resources Purchasing Co Ltd v Yue Xiu
Enterprises (S) Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 734 at 741, [24] is worth noting:

If, notwithstanding the particular facts of this case, there was a duty to
mitigate then the standard of reasonableness to be applied to the decision of
the innocent buyer is not a high one. ‘The law is satisfied if the party
placed in a difficult situation by reason of the breach of a duty owed to him
has acted reasonably in the adoption of remedial measures and he will not be
held disentitled to recover the cost of such measures merely because the party
in breach can suggest that other measures less burdensome to him could have
been taken.’ See _Banco de Portugal v Waterlow & Sons Ltd_ [1932] AC 452 at p
506. It is a question of fact, depending on the circumstances of the
particular case, whether the plaintiff acted reasonably. See _Payzu Ltd v
Saunders_ [1919] 2 KB 581 at pp 588–589.

33 While it is clear from _Brace v Calder_ [1895] 2 QB 253 that steps taken by
the innocent party in mitigation of loss may include, where appropriate, an
acceptance of a reasonable offer by the party in breach to make good the loss
or part of it, it is evident from _Dunkirk Colliery Company v Lever_ (1878) 9
Ch D 20 at 25 that the innocent party is not required to accept any
performance other than in the “ordinary course of business”. In the present
case, the history of the parties’ relationship between December 2003 and 3
February 2005 was such that Highness Electrical, which had the task of
completing its electrical work at the building project on time, had lost
confidence in Sigma’s ability to perform its part of the bargain. Having had
so many problems with Sigma, Highness Electrical was entitled to avoid putting
itself at the mercy of Sigma in the future. I thus find that it acted
reasonably in refusing to accept Sigma’s belated offer on 30 March 2005 to
perform its obligations under the terminated contract.

34 Finally, it cannot be overlooked that under Highness Electrical’s contract
with Sigma, the latter was only obliged to sell electric cables to Highness
Electrical at the agreed prices until 31 December 2005. In its forecast of
requirements that was submitted to Sigma in December 2004, Highness Electrical
stated that the electric cables mentioned in the forecast were all to be
delivered by the end of 2005. However, when the contract was terminated on 3
February 2005, Highness Electrical knew that work on the building project had
been delayed and would extend beyond 2005 and that higher prices would have to
be paid for electrical cables ordered from Sigma after 2005. As it turned out,
the building project has not been completed and Highness Electrical is still
purchasing large quantities of electric cables in 2006 and expecting Sigma to
top up the difference in prices between their contract of 17 December 2003 and
Keystone’s prices. It is rather disturbing that although Highness Electrical
pleaded in para 8 of its amended statement of claim that it had suffered loss
and damage and had incurred additional cost and expense amounting to
$1,279,966.15, it was apparent during the trial that a very large portion of
this alleged loss or expense had not been incurred by the end of 2005. In
fact, Highness Electrical finally took the position that the claim for this
sum was the best reasonable estimate of its losses. Sigma’s counsel, Ms Gan
Kam Yuin, asserted that this was wholly inconsistent with Highness
Electrical’s pleaded case, which is that $1,279,966.15 had been incurred, lost
or expended. All these must be borne in mind when assessing the damages to
which Highness Electrical is entitled for Sigma’s breach of contract.

**Costs**

35 Highness Electrical is entitled to costs, which will be based on the
Subordinate Courts’ scale if the Registrar awards it damages that are less
than the amount required for a claim to be instituted in the High Court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

