Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd v United Oil Co Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 85

Case Number | : | DA 34/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 May 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Anparasan and Nadia Almenoar (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Michael Eu Hai Meng (ComLaw LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd — United Oil Co Pte Ltd   
  
Employment Law – Payment by employer's insurer of hospital expenses incurred
in relation to injuries sustained by workman in the course of work – Whether
insurer entitled to indemnity for hospital expenses under s 18(b) of Act –
Whether hospital expenses amounting to "compensation" within Act – Section
18(b) Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

25 May 2006

Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 I will use the background facts relied upon by the district judge below as a
guide for setting out the background to the appeal before me.

2 The plaintiff, Cosmic Insurance Corporation Limited (“Cosmic”), was at all
material times an insurance company carrying on the business of general
insurance in Singapore. The defendant, United Oil Company Pte Ltd (“United
Oil”), was a company carrying on the business of storing and blending oils,
additives and lubricants and had a factory located at 14 Tuas Drive 2,
Singapore (“the factory”).

3 Protec Guards Management Services (“Protec”) was in the business of
providing security guards, escort services and other general security services
on commercial, industrial and private premises. Since August 1999, Protec had
been providing United Oil with a security guard at the factory. Amongst other
duties, this security guard, who was under the employment of Protec,
maintained general security at the factory.

4 As an employer, Protec took out workmen’s compensation insurance policies
with Cosmic for its employees, as required under s 23(1) of the Workmen’s
Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the WCA”). The relevant insurance
policy was Workmen’s Compensation Policy No PWC000-00001962 (“the policy”),
which Cosmic issued on 27 July 2000. The policy was valid for the period
between 19 July 2000 and 18 July 2001 and insured Protec against any liability
that Protec might incur under the WCA. Both Cosmic and United Oil accepted
that this policy was an “approved policy” for the purpose of s 23 of the WCA.

5 According to Protec’s general manager, one Mr Naushad Ali s/o Jabarulla Khan
(“Naushad”), sometime on 2 November 2000, Protec’s regular security guard at
the factory was not available for security duties. As a consequence, Protec
despatched another of their employees, one Samuel Palraj (“Samuel”), to cover
such security duties at the factory. Samuel had commenced employment with
Protec only on 28 October 2000. It was not disputed that this was the first
time that Samuel had been deployed to the factory and was unfamiliar with the
premises.

6  Unfortunately, on the very same afternoon, Samuel met with an accident at
the factory (“the accident”). According to a Ministry of Manpower
investigation report filed after the accident, one Tan Ah Tee, a forklift
driver employed by United Oil, had collided into Samuel as he was driving a
forklift around the factory loading and unloading goods in the loading and
unloading bay area of the factory. As a result of the accident, Samuel’s left
arm was broken, and his right leg was amputated. He is now wheelchair bound,
and continues to suffer the adverse effects of the accident.

7 Shortly after Samuel was injured on 2 November 2000, he was brought to the
National University Hospital (“NUH”) for immediate treatment. At the request
of NUH, Protec provided an indemnity to NUH for payment of Samuel’s hospital
expenses. Naushad clarified that he informally consulted Protec’s insurance
brokers, Bess General Insurance Agency (“Bess General Insurance”), of NUH’s
request and was informed that the providence of such an indemnity was
acceptable, given that Protec was covered by insurance. Protec went on to
provide the indemnity and thereafter paid Samuel’s hospital bills as and when
NUH sent such bills to Protec.

8 Consequently, sometime in 2000 or 2001, Protec made various claims against
Cosmic under the policy for some of the hospital expenses paid by them on
behalf of Samuel. Those claims came up to around $48,000.00. After assessing
them, Cosmic reimbursed Protec, through Bess General Insurance, an amount of
$44,215.45. Naushad explained that Protec did not claim reimbursement for all
of Samuel’s hospital expenses because he was informed that Cosmic was going
through some financial difficulties at that particular time, and hence it
would be difficult to get full reimbursement from it. Hence, Protec only
claimed the substantial amounts. The $44,215.45 eventually paid out by Cosmic
comprised:

(a) the sum of $25,473.32 paid by Cosmic to Protec on 25 April 2001, being
medical expenses incurred by Samuel on 2 November 2000; and

(b) the sum of $18,742.13 paid by Cosmic to Protec on 25 July 2001, being
medical expenses incurred by Samuel on 2 November 2000.

9  On 18 March 2004, Cosmic commenced action against United Oil claiming the
above two sums amounting to $44,215.45, as well as an amount of $3,578.00
being adjuster’s fees under s 18(_b_) of the WCA.

10 The district judge below dismissed Cosmic’s claim. Cosmic then appealed
but, in its appeal, it dropped the claim for the adjuster’s fees. Cosmic’s
appeal for an indemnity for the hospital expenses raised the issue as to
whether the hospital expenses constituted compensation under the WCA and hence
claimable under s 18(_b_). Sections 18(_a_) and 18(_b_) of the WCA state:

Where any injury for which compensation is payable under this Act was caused
under circumstances creating a legal liability in some person other than the
employer to pay damages in respect thereof –

(_a_) the workman may take proceedings against that person to recover damages
and may claim against any person liable to pay compensation under this Act,
but he shall not be entitled to recover both damages and compensation; and

(_b_) if the workman has recovered compensation under the Act, the person by
whom the compensation was paid, and any person who has been called upon to pay
an indemnity under section 17 (3), shall be entitled to be indemnified by the
person so liable to pay damages as aforesaid.

11 It was undisputed that Samuel had not recovered any compensation under the
WCA and instead had claimed damages against United Oil. As for s 17(3) of the
WCA, it was not relevant.

**The court’s reasons and conclusion**

12 Section 18(_a_) allows a workman to initiate proceedings to claim damages
under the common law and to claim compensation under the WCA, but not to
recover both damages and compensation. In _Singapore Bus Service Ltd v Lim
Swee Pheng & Sons (Pte) Ltd_ [1978–1979] SLR 225 (“ _Lim Swee Pheng_ ”), Buang
bin Abdullah (“Buang”) was a lorry driver who was trying to repair his lorry
after it had broken down. He was underneath the lorry when the defendant’s bus
collided into the lorry, causing the lorry to lurch forward and run over him.
Buang died from his injuries leaving behind two sons who had not been
dependent on him. The insurers paid compensation under the WCA and claimed an
indemnity from the defendant under s 18(_b_). The defendant’s main contention
was that the indemnity was limited to the amount which the workman or his
dependants could have recovered in a claim for damages. The Court of Appeal
disagreed that it was so limited. In reaching this conclusion, Wee Chong Jin
CJ also said that the object of s 18(_a_) was to prevent the enforcement of
the double remedy and recovery of both damages and compensation.

13 Apparently, Samuel had not claimed the hospital expenses in his common law
action against United Oil. Accordingly, if Cosmic was indemnified for what it
had paid out for such expenses, there would be no double recovery or double
payment in that United Oil would not have paid twice for the same head of
claim. However, since a workman is not entitled under s 18(_a_) to recover
both damages and compensation, I was of the view that this means that when,
for example, he has recovered damages under his common law claim, he cannot
recover compensation under another head of claim which was omitted from his
common law claim. In other words, all the heads of claim must be included in
his common law claim and not some under the common law claim and some under a
claim for compensation. _A fortiori_ , an insurer like Cosmic cannot recover
under s 18(_b_) when the workman did not recover compensation under the WCA.
This is reinforced by the first limb of s 18(_b_) which states “if the workman
has recovered compensation under this Act”.

14 Cosmic sought to rely on what Wee CJ said in _Lim Swee Pheng_ to the effect
that s 18(_b_) provides that the wrongdoer should not escape the consequences
of his wrongful act. However the reference to what Wee CJ said was taken out
of context. What Wee CJ said at 229, [7] in respect of s 18(_b_) was:

Where the workman or his dependants _elect to claim and recover compensation_
under the Act when his injury was caused by the wrongful act, of a ‘stranger’,
s 18(b) provides that the wrongdoer should not escape the consequences of his
wrongful act by giving the workman’s employer an entitlement to be indemnified
by the wrongdoer in respect of the compensation which he has paid. [emphasis
added]

It seemed to me that _Lim Swee Pheng_ was therefore an authority against, and
not in favour of, Cosmic’s position on the general scheme of the WCA.

15 Nevertheless, Cosmic pursued its appeal by relying on the decision of S
Rajendran J in _Commercial Union Assurance Pte Ltd v Chua Kim Bak_ [1999] 1
SLR 553 (“ _Chua Kim Bak_ ”). In that case the defendant, who was driving a
motor vehicle, had collided into the back of a lorry which was carrying 14
workers. Commercial Union Assurance (“CUA”) was the insurer under a policy
which covered the driver of the lorry and the 14 workers. CUA paid
compensation for permanent incapacity, lost wages and medical expenses. It
then sought to recover the same under s 18(_b_) from the defendant. The
defendant accepted liability for sums paid in respect of permanent incapacity
but not for those paid for wages and medical expenses. The issue was whether
those two categories were compensation payable under the WCA. If not, the
defendant was not liable to indemnify CUA for the same under s 18(_b_).
Rajendran J held that both those categories constituted compensation payable
under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the WCA 1985”).
For present purposes, the material provisions of the WCA 1985 are _in_ _pari_
_materia_ with those in the WCA. I should also mention that Rajendran J’s
judgment suggests that the medical expenses there included hospital expenses.

16 It is important to bear in mind the relevant provisions. The liability of
an employer to pay compensation to his injured workman is set out in s 3(1) of
the WCA which reads:

If in any employment personal injury by accident arising out of and in the
course of the employment is caused to a workman, his employer shall be liable
to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

17 The word “compensation” is not defined in the WCA. However, s 7 of the WCA
states:

Subject to the provisions of this Act, the amount of compensation payable
shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule.

18 Paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule provides a table for compensation where
death results from injury.

19 Paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule provides a table for compensation where
permanent total incapacity results from injury.

20 Paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule provides formulae for calculating
compensation where permanent partial incapacity results from injury.

21 Paragraph 4 (1) of the Third Schedule states:

Where temporary incapacity whether total or partial results from the injury,
the workman shall be entitled to full earnings for a period of 60 days if he
is hospitalised and 14 days if he is not hospitalised and thereafter to a
payment every month of an amount equal to two-thirds of his monthly earnings
during the incapacity or during a period of one year, whichever period is
shorter.

22 The payments for wages in _Chua Kim Bak_ came under para 4 of the Third
Schedule of the WCA 1985 and the same paragraph still applies in the Third
Schedule of the WCA. Nevertheless, the defendant there contended that it did
not constitute payment of compensation because the word “compensation” was not
present in para 4. Unsurprisingly, Rajendran J disagreed with this submission.
He said at [10]:

The payments under paras 1, 2 and 3 of the Third Schedule clearly constitute
payments of compensation for the injuries. I do not accept the defendant’s
submission that payments under para 4 of the Third Schedule do not constitute
payment of compensation. To hold that these are not payments of compensation
because the word ‘compensation’ is not present in para 4 is, to my mind, too
narrow and artificial a view to take. Although para 4 does not use the words
‘compensation payable’ I do not think that the absence of these words
derogates from the fact that these payments are in fact payments of
compensation under the Act arising from the injuries sustained by the workman.
And the heading of the Third Schedule ‘Amount of Compensation’ reflects this
view.

23 I had no difficulty with that conclusion. I come now to the next part of
Rajendran J’s judgment in respect of the medical expenses where he said at
[11]:

Similar considerations apply to payments of medical expenses under s 14(2).
Although the word ‘compensation’ is not used in that section, payment
thereunder is, in my view, nevertheless a payment of compensation. Payments of
medical expenses, unlike payments under the Third Schedule, are, however,
required to be made direct to the hospital. I would venture to say that
perhaps it is because payment is to be made to the hospital that s 14(2) is
worded in the way it is. Section 14(2) in effect provides that in addition to
payments of compensation required to be made direct to the workmen, the
employer has, in addition, to pay the workmen’s hospitalisation and medical
expenses direct to the hospital. The fact that these payments are to be made
direct to the hospital does not, in my view, detract from the fact that these
payments constitute compensation that the workman can recover from the
employer under the Act. The employer is therefore entitled by s 18(b) to be
indemnified in respect of these sums by the person liable to pay damages to
the workmen for having caused the injuries.

24 I did not agree with the learned judge’s reasons or conclusion in respect
of the medical expenses. Let me explain. The medical expenses were not like
wages because the latter is found in para 4 of the Third Schedule of the WCA
under “earnings” whereas the former is not found anywhere in the Third
Schedule. It was not just a case of the word “compensation” being omitted. The
category of medical expenses, including hospital expenses, is entirely omitted
from the Third Schedule. Accordingly, since s 7 provides for the amount of
compensation payable to be in accordance with the Third Schedule, it would
follow that medical expenses, including hospital expenses, do not come within
such compensation.

25 How then does an employer come to be liable to pay for hospital expenses
incurred by his workman? This liability is found in s 14(3) of the WCA which
is _in_ _pari_ _materia_ with the material part of s 14(2) of the WCA 1985
which Rajendran J was considering. Section 14(3) of the WCA states:

Where an injured workman is admitted to an approved hospital, the employer
shall, in addition to the payment of compensation under this Act, be liable to
pay directly to the hospital all fees and charges in respect of that workman
and the costs of such medicines and artificial limbs and surgical appliances
as are certified by the medical practitioner in charge of the approved
hospital to be necessary and which are in fact supplied to that workman.

26 Rajendran J was of the view that the fact that an employer is required to
pay a workman’s hospital expenses direct to the hospital does not detract from
“the fact” that such payments constituted compensation. However this rationale
had assumed in the first place that such expenses were in the same category as
wages but, as I have mentioned, they were not because they were not found in
the Third Schedule of the WCA 1985. Likewise, they are not found in the Third
Schedule of the WCA.

27 I would add another argument. Section 14(3) states that the liability of
the employer to pay the hospital directly is “in addition” to the payment of
compensation under the WCA. The provision does not say that such a payment is
part of compensation payable under the WCA. The words “in addition” were drawn
to the attention of Rajendran J in the defendant’s submission but he was of
the view that they pointed to payment being made direct to the hospital and
not that such a payment was additional to the compensation payable under the
WCA. In my view, those words reinforced the point that hospital expenses are
not part of compensation payable under the WCA but are additional to such
compensation.

28 I would also highlight that in _Chua Kim Bak_ , the insurer had paid
pursuant to a claim for compensation under the WCA 1985 and hence sought an
indemnity under s 18(_b_) thereof. In the case before me, Samuel had not
recovered compensation under the WCA. From what I have said, I also did not
consider the payment of hospital expenses by Cosmic to be a recovery of
compensation under the WCA even if it could be said to be an indirect recovery
“by Samuel” of payment for such expenses.

29 Cosmic also drew my attention to the case of _Lian Teck Construction Pte
Ltd v Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance (Singapore) Ltd_ in Originating Summons
No 601712 of 2001 (“ _Lian Teck_ ”) which was not brought to the attention of
the district judge. That was an application for leave to appeal from a
decision of a magistrate on facts similar to those before me. From what I
could gather from the supporting affidavit for the leave application, a
workman, or rather a worklady, by the name of Ker Lay Choo (“Ker”) who was
employed by Auric Pacific Food Industries Pte Ltd (“Auric”) was injured by one
Lee who was employed by Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd (“LTC”). Ker claimed
damages and declined to accept an assessment of compensation. However, Auric
had paid for Ker’s wages and medical expenses and its insurer, Royal & Sun
Alliance Insurance (Singapore) Ltd (“Royal Sun”), had reimbursed Auric for the
same. It was not clear to me whether those medical expenses were solely
hospital expenses or not, but, in any event, it appears that Ker did not claim
the wages and medical expenses in her claim for damages. Royal Sun then sued
LTC and Lee in MC Suit No 2845 of 2000 for an indemnity under s 18(_b_). The
magistrate ruled in favour of Royal Sun whose counsel apparently relied
heavily on _Chua Kim Bak_. LTC then applied for leave to appeal to the High
Court pursuant to s 21 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed) as the sum in dispute was under $50,000. Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then
was) dismissed the leave application. However, as there were no written
grounds of decision by the magistrate or Lee JC I did not derive much
assistance from that case, although it did reinforce the point that the
circumstances which gave rise to the dispute before me were not unusual.

30 I accept that the situation requires redress because a workman who does not
pay hospital expenses from his own pocket is less likely to remember to claim
such expenses in his common law claim thus leaving his employer or its insurer
out in the cold in respect of such expenses. Also, it is doubtful if the
workman can be compelled to include such expenses in his common law claim.
Even where he includes such expenses, a defendant may argue that the workman
is not entitled to recover the same as he suffered no loss or damage because
he did not pay for the same. If such an argument should prevail, it would be
unjust to the employer or its insurer who may not have a direct cause of
action against the wrongdoer. These issues should be addressed by way of
legislative amendment to avoid injustice, otherwise the wrongdoer will indeed
escape some of the consequences of his wrongful conduct.

31 I would also raise another significant issue, that is, where a workman
recovers compensation under the WCA, to what extent is someone like Cosmic
entitled to be indemnified? Is the indemnity limited to compensation payable
under the WCA, _ie_ , the items stated in the Third Schedule or would it
extend as well to hospital expenses paid pursuant to s 14(3)? Cosmic’s case
appeared to assume that the hospital expenses would be claimable because in
_Lim Swee Pheng_ ([12] _supra_ at 229, [9]), Wee CJ had said that the employer
is entitled to be indemnified for “the whole amount” of the compensation.
However, if hospital expenses do not come within the meaning of “compensation”
_Lim Swee Pheng_ will not be of any assistance. Furthermore, that case
apparently did not involve a claim for an indemnity for hospital expenses paid
pursuant to s 14(3). I can see the justice in allowing the indemnity to extend
to such expenses but the point is not free from argument in view of the terms
of s 14(3). I would urge an amendment to the WCA to clarify the position and
to avoid injustice.

32 As can be seen, hospital expenses do not at present fit within the scheme
of compensation payable under the WCA. I was informed by counsel that
Singapore had borrowed the English workmen’s compensation legislation which
did not provide for payment of such expenses. The payment of such expenses was
introduced in the Workmen’s Compensation Ordinance (Cap 157, 1955 Rev Ed) but
the introduction was done without making it clear that such expenses would be
part of compensation payable. On the contrary, further amendments to the
Singapore legislation made it clear that “the amount of compensation payable
shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule”: see [17]
above.

33 There is another point I should add. The district judge also noted that the
amount of compensation payable to a workman under the WCA is to be assessed by
the Commissioner of Labour. Sections 24(1) and 24(2) WCA state:

(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commissioner shall have power
to assess and make an order on the amount of compensation payable to any
person on any application made by or on behalf of that person.

(2) The Commissioner shall cause to be served on the employer and the person
claiming compensation personally or by registered post a notice stating the
amount of the compensation payable in accordance with the assessment made by
the Commissioner under subsection (1).

34 The district judge was of the view that the Commissioner’s assessment was
an integral part of the scheme under the WCA and where the Commissioner did
not assess the amount payable, that amount cannot be considered as
compensation. I agreed with that view.

35 However, Cosmic said that it had learnt that in _Chua Kim Bak_ , there was
also no assessment by the Commissioner of the medical expenses. Yet, Rajendran
J had allowed such expenses to be claimed. I did not think that that argument
carried much weight because Rajendran J had proceeded on the basis that all
the various sums being claimed there had been assessed accordingly (see [15]
_supra_ at [2]). Apparently, that was an error and that error should not be
perpetuated.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

