Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik  
[2006] SGHC 191

Case Number | : | CC 23/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong Siu Jiu and Crystal Ong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar & Associates) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Offences – Accused charged for rape and
various other related offences – Accused and complainant having consensual
sexual relations regularly before date of alleged offence – Accused and
complainant advancing diametrically opposed versions of events – Whether
testimony of accused or of victim to be believed – Whether each offence proved
beyond reasonable doubt  
  

27 October 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused is a 29-year-old Bangladeshi national named Mohammed Liton
Mohammed Syeed Mallik. He has had eight years of schooling in Bangladesh and
can speak simple English. He first came to Singapore on 15 February 2004 and
worked as a cleaner. Sometime in May 2005, the accused started work as a
cleaner at the Bedok branch of Giant Hypermarket (“Giant”).

2 The complainant is 31 years old. She is currently a housewife, but she
previously worked at Giant. She has three children, currently aged nine, six
and two. Her husband testified as a Prosecution witness at trial.

3 The accused faced a total of eight charges:

(a) The first charge is for aggravated rape under s 376(2)(_b_) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed).

(b) The second charge is for criminal intimidation (in pointing a knife at the
complainant with the intention to cause alarm to her) under s 506 of the Penal
Code.

(c) The third charge is for committing carnal intercourse against the order of
nature (sodomy, in this instance) under s 377 of the Penal Code.

(d) The fourth charge is for insulting the complainant’s modesty under s 509
of the Penal Code by taking four nude photographs of the complainant.

(e) The fifth charge is for criminal intimidation (in threatening to
distribute nude photographs of the complainant) under s 506 of the Penal Code.

(g) The sixth charge is for rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code.

(h) The seventh charge is for committing carnal intercourse against the order
of nature (sodomy, in this instance) under s 377 of the Penal Code.

(i) The eighth charge is for theft (of the complainant’s identity card, bank
card, and a pair of gold-coloured earrings) under s 379 of the Penal Code.

It was alleged that all the offences took place on the afternoon of 23
December 2005 at the accused’s flat at 174B Joo Chiat Place (“the flat”).

**The complainant’s version of events that occurred before the day of the
alleged incidents**

4 The accused and complainant were colleagues at Giant and became acquainted
in May or June 2005. They chatted while working and eventually exchanged text
messages and had conversations on the telephone. Sometime in June 2005, the
accused and the complainant went to Mustafa Centre together. Whilst there, the
accused suggested checking into a hotel as he was not feeling well. The
complainant guessed that the accused wanted to have sexual intercourse with
her and proceeded to the hotel nonetheless, and there had sexual intercourse
with him. After this incident, they went to the same hotel almost every week
to have sexual intercourse. They usually did so after the complainant finished
work at Giant.

5 In August 2005, the complainant initiated divorce proceedings against her
husband. She testified that she had done so because her husband did not have a
proper job and was avoiding his responsibility as breadwinner of the family.
The accused and the complainant made plans to marry once her divorce had been
finalised. According the complainant, her relationship with the accused had
nothing to do with her decision to divorce her husband. When asked under
cross-examination whether she was in love with her husband, her answer was “I
don’t know” and “I’m still struggling to go through what I’m going through
right now”.

6 In October 2005, the accused’s work permit in Singapore expired. He returned
to Bangladesh on the evening of 12 October 2005. Both the accused and the
complainant confirmed that on the morning of 12 October 2005, before the
accused flew back to Bangladesh, the complainant had visited him at the flat
and they had sexual intercourse there. According to the complainant, that was
the last time that they had sexual intercourse (although the accused testified
that they had sexual intercourse again on 6 December 2005: see [14] below).
While the accused was in Bangladesh, he and the complainant kept in touch
regularly by phone and text messages.

7 The complainant could not return to Bangladesh with the accused on 12
October 2005 because her divorce proceedings were still ongoing. In
particular, she and her husband had a counselling session on 14 November 2005
relating to the divorce proceedings that she had to attend. Before the accused
left for Bangladesh, he purchased a return air ticket for the complainant so
that she could join him there. The complainant had also applied for the
requisite Bangladeshi visa so that she could travel to the country. The
departure date, as stated on the air ticket, was 18 November 2005, and the
return date was 25 November 2005.

8 In the event, the complainant never made the trip. The complainant testified
that she had told her mother of her intention to travel to Bangladesh to meet
a friend. Her mother did not like the idea and threatened to prevent the
complainant from ever seeing her children again if she went. The complainant
told the accused about this, and he tried in vain to make her resolute about
going to Bangladesh.

9 About the same time, on 14 November 2005, the complainant attended the
counselling session with her husband. During this session, the complainant’s
husband pleaded with her to give him a second chance. She agreed to do so, and
resolved from that point on to put an end to her relationship with the
accused. The complainant made a long-distance call to the accused to tell him
of her decision. According to her, the accused was angry and told her that she
should not change her mind about marrying him.

10 Despite the complainant’s resolution to end the relationship with the
accused, she still helped him to get a visa to return to Singapore. This was
to fulfil the promise that she had made to him before he left for Bangladesh.
Consequently, the accused returned to Singapore on 12 December 2005. The
complainant arrived at Changi Airport at 6.00am to pick him up, and then
dropped him off at the hotel at which they used to have sexual intercourse,
and after that, she went to work, arriving at Giant at 8.10am. During the
period from 12 December 2005 to 23 December 2005, the accused visited the work
place of the complainant almost every day, mostly during her lunch time. The
complainant testified that she was not happy that he did so because she did
not want her colleagues to know that he was visiting her. The accused also
followed the complainant home after work. According to the complainant, the
accused was pestering her because he wanted her to cancel the Bangladeshi visa
that she had applied for. The accused was of the view that he would be
penalised if the complainant did not do so. However, the complainant did not
have her passport with her because her mother had hidden it. The complainant
also testified that the accused wanted her to sign some documents that would
enable him to get employment in Singapore.

11 The complainant confirmed that on the occasions that the accused visited
her at Giant during her lunch time, they would go to a nearby block of flats
to chat. They hugged and kissed during these sessions, but did not have sex.
However, the complainant testified that there was one occasion where they went
to a park near Bedok bus interchange during which she masturbated the accused.
The complainant stated that she had only done so because the accused had
insisted. The complainant also testified that the accused had at some point
shown her a large sum of money, which he obtained by selling off his
plantation in Bangladesh, but she maintained that she did not know what the
money was for and had assumed that it was for the accused to support himself
while he looked for a job.

12 The complainant also testified that on 14 or 15 December 2005, she went
with the accused to a neighbourhood police post to ask whether a police report
needed to be made in order for a new passport to be made. The police officer
informed them that a police report did not need to be made, and instead gave
the complainant an application form to fill in. The complainant then submitted
the form to the Immigration Checkpoint Authority (“ICA”). A few days after the
form was submitted (the accused testified that this incident occurred on 20
December 2005, but the complainant could not remember the exact date), the
complainant and the accused went to the ICA in order to collect the
complainant’s new passport. While there, the complainant was informed that she
needed to pay a sum of $100 because she had not made a police report. She had
only expected to pay $50 for the new passport. As a result, the complainant
did not collect her new passport, instead, the accused quarrelled with her
over the incident, which ended with a scuffle at the Lavender MRT station.

13 The complainant testified that the accused had contacted her on 22 December
2005 to ask her to go to the flat to meet the accused’s prospective employer
in order to sign some forms. The complainant said that she would try to make
the trip during her lunch hour, but in the end, she was unable to do so on
that day and went the next day instead.

**The accused’s version of events that occurred before the day of the alleged
incidents**

14 The accused’s version of events leading up to 23 December 2005 differed
from the complainant’s account in some respects. The most essential difference
in their respective testimonies was that while the complainant stated that she
had ended their relationship while the accused still in Bangladesh and that he
had returned to Singapore on 6 December 2005 only to find work, the accused
testified that their relationship was still ongoing when he returned to
Singapore. According to the accused, he had returned to Singapore on 6
December 2005 because the complainant had asked him to come back to marry her.
She also asked him to bring money for the marriage, upon which he sold his
cultivatable land in Bangladesh in exchange for $5000. The complainant picked
him up from the airport on 6 December 2005 and then went with him to their
regular hotel. He and the complainant had consensual sexual intercourse there
before she left the hotel to go to work. The accused stated that this was the
only time they had sexual intercourse between 6 December and 22 December 2005
because the complainant did not have time to spare and her mother was always
controlling her.

15 The accused also testified that upon his return to Singapore after 6
December 2005, he stayed at the flat, and sometimes at his boss’s office at
Boon Lay. The original plan of the accused and the complainant was for her to
introduce him to her mother, and for him to stay at her mother’s flat.
However, upon his arrival, the complainant informed him that she had
difficulties doing so because her divorce proceedings had not been finalised.
Between 6 and 23 December 2005, the complainant and the accused met almost
everyday, except on her off days when she was not at work. The complainant
never told the accused not to look for her in Giant. The accused also
testified that when he and the complainant went to the park near Bedok
interchange sometime around 19 December 2005, the complainant was happy, and
she had masturbated and performed fellatio on him.

16 According to the accused, the complainant called him on the evening of 22
December 2005 to inform him that she would go to the flat the next day to fill
up visa forms and have sexual intercourse with him. The accused had not
informed the complainant that his potential employer was going to be at the
flat and that she should therefore come over to fill in a form.

**The complainant’s version of events on 23 December 2005**

17 On 23 December 2005, the complainant left for the flat at around 1.00pm,
and arrived at around 1.40pm. As she assumed that she could finish whatever it
was that had to be done at the flat within her lunch break, she had not
informed any of her colleagues that she would not be back at work on time. On
that day, the complainant was wearing a brown blouse with a polo T-shirt from
Giant (“the Giant T-shirt”) over it. She was wearing a black jacket over the
Giant T-shirt. She was also wearing a pair of pants, socks and shoes.

18 The accused met her at the ground floor of the apartment block in which the
flat was located. When she asked the accused where his potential employer was,
he pointed towards the flat. The complainant then followed the accused up the
stairs. When they arrived at the flat, the accused informed the complainant
that his potential employer could not wait for the complainant and had left.
The complainant sat on the floor and started filling in the forms that the
accused had produced. As the complainant was in a hurry, she tried to fill in
the forms as quickly as possible. The accused was not satisfied with her
signature and became angry. This led to a quarrel between them. At around this
point, the accused took the complainant’s mobile phone and wallet (containing
her identity card and bank card) and threw it aside.

19 The accused then pulled out a knife, and said “You think I Bangla man, I
come empty hand?” The complainant was scared, and went towards the main door
of the flat upon filling up the forms. The accused ran after and grabbed the
complainant, pushed her back into the room and forced her to sit on the floor.
At some point during this altercation, the complainant tried to take the
knife, but was unable to do so. The accused then decided to tie the
complainant’s hands behind her back with a piece of red cloth, and then used
another piece of cloth to gag her. After tying up the complainant, the accused
asked the complainant to lie on her back and proceeded to remove her pants,
shoes and socks. He then raped her, while telling her that he wanted to
ejaculate within her so that she would become pregnant and her husband would
reject her. However, the complainant managed to move her leg so that the
accused ejaculated on her stomach instead. At around this time, the accused
told her that “today …, you and I finish” and asked her to chant an Arabic
phrase that is usually used where someone has passed away. The complainant was
frightened as she believed that the accused wanted to kill her. The accused
also tried to kiss the complainant at some point during the rape, but was
unable to do so as the complainant was gagged. He thus removed the gag, and
she let him kiss her. The complainant then heard the accused saying
“backside”. He turned her around and sodomised her. According to the
complainant, the accused and her had never had anal sex before, although he
had requested it. The complainant stated that she felt a sharp pain and the
sodomy continued for about a minute. The accused ejaculated on the
complainant’s body, upon which he used a piece of tissue to wipe off his semen
and her anus. The complainant observed that there was blood on the tissue.

20 Having raped and sodomised the complainant, the accused then took a knife
to make a cut in her brown blouse, which he accessed from the top of the Giant
T-shirt. He then tore open the brown blouse but there was no damage to the
Giant T-shirt. He also made cuts in the complainant’s bra. The accused removed
the cloth that was being used to tie up the complainant’s hands and he then
removed all her clothes in order to take pictures of her with the camera in
his mobile telephone. The accused told the complainant that he wanted to take
photographs of her so that he could show the photographs to all the Malay men
at the complainant’s work place.

21 Although the complainant’s hands were free, she was still scared, and
complied when the accused made her lie down and put his hands on her throat so
that she could not talk. The accused raped the complainant a second time, and
then sodomised her once again. At some point, the accused asked the
complainant why the sex was not as good as usual. The complainant testified
that her answer to him was, “maybe it’s because I was scared and [you are]
angry”. The complainant also revealed for the first time in cross-examination
that she had had consensual sex with the accused after the two incidents of
rape and the two incidents of sodomy. She had done so because she thought that
if she gave him sexual intercourse willingly, he would let her go. He also
pulled her hair to indicate that he wanted her to perform fellatio on him,
which she did.

22 Following the episodes of rape and sodomy, the accused watched a
pornographic video on the television, and then took the complainant’s gold
earring studs from her. He told the complainant that if his sister, who lived
in Bangladesh, could not use gold, she too could not use gold. The accused
also told her that she could not think of going back to work. At around this
time, the complainant began to feel nauseous. The accused went to the kitchen
in the flat to prepare some food, which he tried to feed the complainant. The
complainant could not eat, and spat the food out. The accused then asked her
if she wanted to make a telephone call to anybody because he was going to kill
her. When the complainant turned on her mobile phone, she received calls and
text messages from her colleagues, including a message from one P P Jayaprabu
a/l Palakastin (“Jayaprabu”). The accused asked the complainant to inform
Jayaprabu that she would not be returning to work. The complainant sent the
following text message in the Malay language instead:

_Tolong aku jaya. Suruh tukang sapu panggil sembilan sembilan dtg umah tukang
sapu. Aku kene culik. Tolon._

According to the complainant, “ _Tolong aku jaya_ ” could be translated into
“Help me, Jaya”, while “ _suruh tukang sapu_ ” meant “the cleaner to call
police to come to the cleaner’s house.” “ _Aku kene culik_ ” meant “I was
taken hostage”, while the last word “ _Tolon_ ” meant “help”. Jayaprabu
confirmed in court that he had received this text message, which has also been
retrieved from his mobile phone. Forensic examination revealed that Jayaprabu
had received the message at 6.05pm on 23 December 2005. The complainant
testified that Jayaprabu had sent her a text message to confirm that she had
been referring to the cleaner’s house. Jayaprabu confirmed in court that he
had sent a text message to the complainant with the following Malay text:

_Panggil 77 to panggil polis kepeda 77 house_

This can be translated into “call 77 to call police to 77 house”. The victim
replied with the word “ye”, which Jayaprabu understood to mean “yes”.

23 The accused saw the text message sent by Jayaprabu, and realised that the
complainant had called for help. He asked her to get dressed, telling her that
he wanted to take her to Boon Lay. She complied, putting on her panties, black
jacket and pants. Although the complainant had her mobile phone with her, she
could not find her wallet and gold earring studs. The accused threw the torn
blouse and bra into the rubbish bin in the kitchen, and he had the
complainant’s Giant T-shirt in his hand. They left the flat together. The
complainant had the impression that this was at about 4.00 or 5.00pm, as it
was already getting darker. Upon reaching the ground level, the complainant
ran away from the accused and sought help from passers by. The passers by
offered to bring her to the nearest police station, but she chose to wait for
Jayaprabu instead. By this time, the accused had fled. Subsequently, the
complainant’s colleagues arrived, as did the police. The complainant was then
taken to a hospital for a medical check-up.

24 While the complainant was being interviewed by the police, the accused
contacted the complainant to tell her not to cancel his visa so that he could
return to Bangladesh. The complainant told the accused that she needed her
identity card and bank card. She informed the investigation officer, Amos Tang
(“IO Tang”), who then instructed the complainant to arrange a meeting with the
accused on the pretext of getting her identity card and bank card back from
the accused. This meeting was arranged to take place on 25 December 2005 at
Mustafa Centre. On the morning of 25 December 2005, before the meeting at
Mustafa Centre, the complainant had received several text messages from the
accused asking for forgiveness and pleading with the complainant not to go to
the police. Later on the same day, the accused was arrested when he arrived at
the appointed place and time.

**The accused’s version of events on 23 December 2005**

25 According to the accused, when the complainant arrived at the flat on 23
December 2005, she gave the accused her identity card, bank card and her
earrings. He kept these items in his wallet. The complainant was feeling very
hot inside the flat and therefore took off her jacket and Giant T-shirt. She
placed these articles of clothing on the bed. She then sat cross-legged on the
floor, and the accused took out the visa application forms from his bag and
gave them to her. At that time, the complainant had her mobile phone with her,
but it was switched off. While the complainant was filling up the application
forms, the pair had an argument. The accused asked the complainant if she was
really going to Bangladesh with him. He wanted to make sure that she would
make the trip this time. Upon hearing this, the complainant slapped the
accused on his face, and told him that she had not cheated or lied to him. It
was her mother who had taken her passport away. The accused then told her:

You don’t know my problem because last time, you know my problem, now you
don’t know problem because your heart inside rubbish jam already.

The complainant replied that it was the accused who did not understand her
problems, and that his heart was also full of “rubbish jam”. She said that he
should wash his heart. She then grabbed a knife which was nearby and wanted to
cut the shirt that he was wearing. The accused did not allow her to do so, and
snatched the knife away from her hand. The accused then cut open the
complainant’s brown blouse so that she could wash her heart. He made the cut
from top to bottom, and accidentally cut her bra in the process.

26 According to the accused, the complainant then tried to take the knife from
him. He resisted by grabbing her hands with his, and then tying her hands
behind her back. When the complainant agreed that she would not take the
knife, the accused untied her. After this incident, the complainant watched
some television. She told the accused that “I got to go home early. It is
late. So please come and have our intercourse.” The accused and the
complainant then had sexual intercourse on the carpeted floor, with him on
top, and he ejaculated on her belly, as had been their practice. The
complainant complained that the carpet surface was very rough. The accused
laid a towel on the floor and the pair had sexual intercourse two further
times that afternoon. The complainant also performed fellatio on the accused.
The accused testified that the entire sexual encounter lasted about two hours.

27 The complainant then wanted to leave the flat, and put on her jacket,
pants, socks and shoes. She threw the cut blouse and bra into the rubbish bin
in the kitchen of the flat and carried the Giant T-shirt in her hand. The
accused and the complainant left the flat together. When they reached the
ground floor, the complainant told the accused that she had to leave quickly.
The accused thus left the complainant and hailed a taxi from the nearby coffee
shop as he wanted to go to Mustafa Centre. That evening, the complainant
lodged her report to the police. The accused testified that on 25 December
2005, he went to meet the complainant at Mustafa Centre because the
complainant wanted her identity card, bank card and earrings to be returned to
her. He was arrested there. He also testified in cross-examination that he had
been informed by his friend on the night of 23 December 2005 that the
complainant had made a police report against him and that the police had gone
to the flat.

28 Other than the complainant and the accused, the only other material witness
was Jayaprabu, who worked as a cashier at Giant and was the complainant’s
colleague. Other than the evidence from Jayaprabu already noted above,
Jayaprabu also testified that upon receiving the complainant’s text message
asking for help, he went to his store manager, Tan Wee Boon, to discuss the
matter. Jayaprabu, Tan Wee Boon and two other colleagues then took a taxi to
the flat. Jayaprabu testified that the complainant was crying and looked very
lost.

**The trial within a trial**

29 The accused gave two investigative statements under s 121 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) to the police. The first (“P73”) was
recorded from the accused on 25 December 2005 at approximately 3.45pm at
Police Cantonment Complex. The admissibility of P73 was challenged by the
accused. The accused claimed that the statement was involuntary as it had been
made under threat of physical harm. According to the accused, he had been
roughly treated by IO Tang and Station Inspector Govindharajoo Ramalingam (“SI
Govindharajoo”) at the time of his arrest on 25 December 2005 at 11.15am. SI
Govindharajoo told the accused on the way to the flat that “You are going to
go to jail, you are going to go to jail.” Whilst at the flat, IO Tang told him
to shut up and verbally abused him. The accused testified that he was then
brought to Police Cantonment Complex, whereupon IO Tang conducted a pre-
statement interview for about 15 to 20 minutes. During this interview, the
accused was physically assaulted and verbally threatened by SI Govindharajoo
(in the presence of IO Tang), who held the accused’s neck, pushed him to the
corner of the room and kneed him.

30 The accused was taken to Alexander Hospital for a pre-statement medical
check-up before returning to Police Cantonment Complex at around 3.25pm. Both
IO Tang and the accused confirmed that the accused had been offered food,
which he either declined to eat or barely ate because he had no appetite. The
recording of P73 began at around 3.45pm, nearly four hours after the accused
was first arrested. It was carried out by IO Tang and one Mdm Nandani Devi d/o
Durga Singh (“Mdm Nandani”), who was the interpreter for the accused. The
accused testified that by the time of the taking of the statement, he was
already in fear because of the treatment that he had received. IO Tang told
the accused that he had to agree with everything that he and Mdm Nandani said.
They would beat him again if he deserved it. IO Tang also pushed the accused
against a cupboard, held him by the neck and kneed him in the stomach. Mdm
Nandani was asked to leave the room while this assault occurred. When Mdm
Nandani returned, IO Tang showed her the nude photographs of the complainant
that were contained in the accused’s handphone, upon which Mdm Nandani started
scolding the accused and slapping him on the shoulders. IO Tang also
threatened to “inject [the accused] to die” if he did not confess. The accused
stated that he was very scared and was crying. At around this time, the
accused broke down and told IO Tang that “Whatever you are telling me, just I
sign for it”. The accused testified that this was the reason that he had
signed P73. The recording ended at 7.40pm, nearly four hours after it had
begun.

31 The accused was brought for a post-statement medical check-up, where he
complained about having rashes and some pain in his right foot. The accused
testified that he had not told the doctors who had conducted the pre and post-
statement medical check-ups of the assaults as he did not know whether he
could disclose what had happened and there were police officers present at the
time. On 10 May 2006, while the accused was in remand, he made a complaint to
the High Commission for the People’s Republic of Bangladesh (“the High
Commission”) regarding acts of assault by IO Tang and Mdm Nandani that had
occurred during the recording of P73. A representative from the High
Commission interviewed him and then wrote to the prison authorities on 24 May
2006. Neither the Prosecution nor defence counsel tendered copies of the
letter from the High Commission to the court, although it was clear from the
Prosecution’s submissions that they did have a copy of this letter. Defence
counsel relied on this correspondence as being corroborative of the accused’s
claim that he had been assaulted and threatened during the recording of P73.

32 In a _voir dire_ , the burden of proof lies on the Prosecution to prove
beyond a reasonable doubt that the statement was voluntarily given: _Koh Aik
Siew v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 599. At the end of the _voir dire_ in the present
case, I was not satisfied that the Prosecution had proved beyond reasonable
doubt that the statement was a voluntary one. I came to this decision based on
the overall circumstances, and in particular, the long hours before and during
the recording of the statement, the failure to introduce the letter from the
accused to the High Commission and its reply to the police. The burden was on
the Prosecution to satisfy the court of the voluntary nature of the statement,
and, therefore, it fell on the Prosecution to produce the relevant documents
and evidence in its possession. My decision to exclude the statement was, of
course, not a finding of fact of misconduct on the part of any police officer
or the interpreter.

33 Reverting to the main trial, it was obvious that the evidence in this case
in respect of the charges of sexual assault depended largely on the evidence
of the two main protagonists, the complainant and the accused. The evidence
concerning the taking of nude photographs of the complainant and the theft of
her cards and earrings had been physically proven, and the evidence of that
was substantially independent evidence. Four nude photographs of the
complainant were extracted from the mobile telephone of the accused, and at
trial he admitted to taking those photographs. Similarly, the accused was
arrested and found to have in his possession at the time of his arrest, the
two cards of the complainant as well as her earrings. The question of
intention in relation to those charges, however, remained to be considered.
But this being an unusual case, I shall first make some general findings.

34 The unusual aspect of this case is that the complainant and the accused
were lovers not long before the offences were alleged against the accused. For
the avoidance of doubt, I should state that they were lovers in the full sense
of that term, and not merely two persons who were in love – they were
consummated lovers who had sexual intercourse with each other on a regular
basis. The only disagreement was in regard to how often they had sexual
intercourse, and not as to the existence of a pattern of regularity. The
complainant said that they had sexual relations once a week whereas the
accused said that it was two or three times a week. However, the numbers in
this case were not all that important; it was the fact of a regular practice
between two persons seemingly deep in love at the time. I think that this
would be a fair conclusion because both of them admitted in court that they
had contemplated marrying each other. The complainant had also prepared to
visit the accused in Bangladesh in November 2005. But love outside
conventions, it seems, has its obstacles. In this case, a local Malay girl
went out of convention to love a Bangladeshi foreigner and, further, she fell
in love with him when she was already married to someone else. We were not
told what sort of relationship the complainant was having with her husband at
the time save that at one point, at least, it was not strong enough to keep
the complainant from falling in love with the accused, causing her marriage to
head for divorce. It had its moment of redemption when the complainant and her
husband agreed to reconciliation, ironically, four days before the complainant
was meant to meet the accused in Bangladesh. A not insignificant twist was
added at trial when the complainant hesitated in proclaiming a happy
reconciliation. Instead, she voiced doubt. This change at trial was not
insignificant for reasons to which I shall shortly revert. In addition to the
reconciliation between the complainant and her husband, the complainant’s
mother, too, was against the illicit relationship that she suspected the
complainant was carrying on with the accused. She went to the extent of hiding
the complainant’s passport and the air tickets sent to her by the accused.

35 From the point of view of the complainant, the romance between the accused
and her was over by 23 December 2005. The accused did not quite think so. They
might have disagreed as to the characterisation of that fight, but from a
disinterested third party’s perspective, the circumstances of the couple that
day had the features of a lovers’ quarrel. In such quarrels even when one (or
even both) of them had declared the relationship as having ended, he or she
(or both of them) may still have lingering feelings for the other that may not
have entirely vanished. Although that is not a matter of concern to the court,
it serves as a reminder that finding facts under such circumstances is a
difficult and complicated exercise. One of the ironies of a falling out
between lovers is that their memories of the past relationship become
encrusted with a warped interpretation. The circumstances of the complainant
and the accused seemed to me a classic example of this phenomenon, and their
testimonies in court fortified my views as such. The fine mixture of
exaggeration and truth, honesty and deceit made it difficult to determine what
had been proved and what had not.

36 However, from the testimonies, and given the small measure of corroboration
in the cautioned statements of the accused, I am satisfied that, in so far as
the sexual offences were concerned, the Prosecution has proved that the
accused had raped the complainant and also sodomised her. There were two
charges of rape because the Prosecution’s case was based on two close but
separate incidents of penetration during the afternoon of 23 December 2005.
One of the two charges was based on s 376(2) of the Penal Code and was a
charge for aggravated rape because of the allegation that the complainant was
threatened with harm and thereby caused to suffer fear. There were also two
charges of sodomy under s 377 of the Penal Code. In the thick of the
respective testimonies, I am only convinced that there was one instance of
rape and one instance of sodomy. I am not convinced that there were two
separate penetrations on each of those charges, and I therefore give the
benefit of the doubt to the accused. In respect of the two rape charges, I am
not sufficiently persuaded that the complainant was put in fear in the course
of the sexual act, and, accordingly, I am of the view that the offence
committed was one of rape under s 376(1). I would add that it was not easy to
discern with precision the order of events in the accused’s room that
afternoon, and on that basis, I would lean in favour of the version given by
the accused. What I was able to ascertain beyond reasonable doubt was that
when the sexual intercourse took place, she was not a willing party. I am
satisfied that her initial reluctance firmed into refusal, and that is the
critical ingredient in the offence of rape, all else relates to sentence
instead. It may be that the accused thought, although he had not said as much,
that the complainant’s reluctance weakened into consent, but on the question
of consent, or rather, the lack of it, I have no doubt. In so far as the
sodomy charge was concerned, consent is not a defence.

37 In respect of the charge of criminal intimidation through the use of the
knife, I am not fully convinced that a knife was used for the purposes as
alleged or that it had the effect as alleged or intended. The only fear that I
was able to ascertain from the evidence was that of the force of the accused’s
anger that day. The evidence showed that the complainant and the accused had
previously fought (over the incident of the payment of fees for the
complainant’s passport renewal) but that was largely the sort of anger and
frustration from a lovers’ quarrel and for which it is difficult to apportion
blame. The anger of the accused on 23 December 2005 erupted under different
circumstances. It was more unilateral in that by that time, so far as the
complainant was concerned, the romantic relationship between the accused and
her was over. She thus expected him to behave differently, but, of course,
given their history, that might be easier said than done. This is not an
exoneration of the accused’s conduct but merely an expression of how people
can react when they are emotionally troubled. The rights and wrongs of their
consequential actions are a separate matter.

38 In respect of the fourth charge of outraging modesty in the taking of nude
photographs of the complainant, the evidence was beyond doubt. Indeed, the
accused admitted that he had taken her photographs although his defence was
one of consent. In an offence of this nature – taking nude photographs
(outraging modesty is a wide description) – if consent is put forward as a
defence, there must be clear consent. I had thus to determine whether the
complainant consented. In my view, she did not. I should add that in accepting
her evidence on this point, I noted too that her unhappy expression on the
photographs was not that of a willing model. I had also taken into account and
noted that in at least one of the photographs the complainant made little
attempt to avoid the shot or to cover herself. The next question, which
related to the fifth charge of criminal intimidation in threatening to
distribute the photographs, was whether there was sufficient evidence that the
accused had threatened to publish the photographs to the complainant’s
husband, so that he would divorce her, and to her friends at work. The only
evidence of this was the testimony of the complainant. I am not sufficiently
satisfied that this charge was proved beyond reasonable doubt. The evidence
from both parties was sparse. The accused had maintained that he had taken
nude photographs of the complainant twice before with her consent. The issue
of whether he had threatened to use the present set of photographs was not
pressed sufficiently and I thus find it unsafe to convict him on the fifth
charge.

39 Finally, there is the charge for theft. The items consisted of the
complainant’s identity card and bank card, and a pair of earrings. They were
not items of any great value, with the exception of the bank card, but it was
not known how much the complainant had in that account or whether the accused
knew her personal identification and user identification numbers to withdraw
money with that card. It was not disputed that the accused immediately agreed
to return the items to the complainant when she asked for them. The
complainant testified that when she asked for them she had not told him that
she had gone to the police. The accused’s evidence was that the complainant
left the items in the room and forgot to take them when she left. Theft is an
offence committed with the intention of depriving the owner of the property. I
do not think that that intention was satisfactorily proved in this case. The
accused might have been liable for trespass, conversion or detinue under the
law of tort, but that was not in issue before this court.

40 Finally, I should mention the evidence obtained directly from the testimony
of the complainant herself regarding her voluntary sexual acts with the
accused a few days before 23 December 2005 (masturbation), as well as on 23
December itself (fellatio and coitus) after all the acts constituting the
offences had been committed. In respect of the former, she explained that she
performed them to avoid having to have coitus, and in the case of the latter,
so that he might release her. In one sense, if that was interpreted as duress,
it would have vitiated any consent, but her own evidence and attitude at the
time and during trial was not clearly or firmly one of duress. This made the
assessment of the facts all the more difficult. Hence, I was only convinced
that there was one instance of coitus and one instance of sodomy that that
complainant had withheld her consent to on 23 December 2005 itself. The
circumstances of that may also be relevant for mitigation but I shall consider
that after I hear counsel.

41 Consequently, for the reasons above, I find the accused guilty of the
fourth, sixth and seventh charges and convict him accordingly. I discharge and
acquit him of the first, second, third, fifth, and eighth charges.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

