Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd  
[2006] SGCA 5

Case Number | : | CA 58/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Chao Hick Tin JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kok Quan SC, Kannan Ramesh, Sean Tan Kim Kang and Lam Sin Yee (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellant; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Low Chai Chong and Ajinderpal Singh (Rodyk and Davidson) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd — Starhub Cable Vision Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Lease of appellant's facilities to respondent for cable
television roll-out to high-rise residential properties – Respondent tapping
into leased facilities to transmit cable television signals to other types of
properties – Whether respondent breaching lease agreement by such conduct  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Admissibility of evidence – Whether common
assumptions arrived at prior to execution of contract admissible as evidence
of factual background to aid in interpretation of contract – Whether any
estoppel by convention arising from such common assumptions so as to bar
appellant from challenging respondent's tapping  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Exclusion clauses – Clause excluding liability
for "any indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages (including,
without limitation, damages for harm to business, lost revenues, or lost
profits)" – Whether exclusion clause precluding appellant's claim for loss of
revenue from prospective lease of facilities to respondent for cable
television roll-out to properties not covered by existing lease  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – Whether compensatory damages for breach of
contract may be awarded where no loss resulting from breach  
  

6 February 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal arose from an alleged breach of the Network Lease Agreement
dated 16 June 1995 (“the NLA”) made between the appellant, Singaproe
Telecommunications Limited (“SingTel”), and the respondent, Starhub Cable
Vision Ltd (“SCV”). The hearing below was confined to liability only, with
assessment of damages, if ordered, to proceed separately. The trial judge
found that SCV had breached the NLA, but held that SingTel could not recover
the damages pleaded due to an exemption clause (“Art 8.5(a)”) in the NLA.
SingTel appealed against the trial judge’s interpretation of Art 8.5(a). SCV,
on its part, invited this court to endorse the trial judge’s interpretation of
Art 8.5(a) and further relied on three alternative grounds for affirming the
dismissal at first instance of SingTel’s claim.

**Background**

2 In June 1994, as part of the Government’s plan to promote the use of
information technology, SCV was designated as the vehicle through which cable
television was to be rolled out in Singapore. To facilitate the speedy
implementation of this project as well as to avoid the duplication of
expensive resources, SingTel was to lease its extensive island-wide network of
optical fibres and underground ducts (“the Facilities”) to SCV on a long-term
basis for the latter’s use in transmitting cable television signals.

3 It is not disputed that as SCV had difficulties confirming its technical
requirements for cable television roll-out to commercial and landed
properties, the parties decided to proceed with a lease of the Facilities in
respect of high-rise residential properties first. Accordingly, Exhibit A of
the NLA delineated the types of properties covered by the contract as follows:

1.2 The building category covered under this lease agreement is only the high-
rise residential apartments in public and private housing estates. High-rise
residential apartment blocks are defined as having more than 3-storeys. Shop-
houses in HDB estates are classified under the high-rise apartment category as
well.

1.3 The building categories which are not included in this lease agreement are
single family units or landed properties, schools and other educational
institutions, libraries, hospitals, government buildings, commercial
buildings, hotels, URA conservation projects and any other category of
buildings.

In this judgment, we have referred to the properties listed in cl 1.2 as
“Permitted Properties”, and those listed in cl 1.3 as “Excluded Properties”.

4 Negotiations on a lease of the Facilities for cable television roll-out to
Excluded Properties continued after the NLA was concluded. In a letter dated 8
July 1996, Tan Kwi Yong, SCV’s Vice-President (Finance), sought SingTel’s
confirmation that the lease charges in respect of Excluded Properties would be
calculated on an “incremental costs” basis. In other words:

[T]he subsequent “commercial and landed properties” lease would be computed
based on the additional fibers and ducting requirement only. The common
portion of the network already covered under the “high-rise residential
properties” lease [“the Common Portion”], such as the digital ring and the
fibers to the MDFs etc., shall not be charged again.

Tan Kwi Yong also requested that the preferential lease rates applicable to
Permitted Properties be extended to Excluded Properties under the same terms
and conditions.

5 SingTel replied in a letter dated 17 July 1996 from its Director (Corporate
Account Management), Andrew Buay. SingTel confirmed that:

[T]he pricing for the commercial and landed properties would be based on the
additional fibres and ducting, and not include the Common Portion of the
network already implemented for the high-rise residential properties.
_However, [SingTel] would also like to point out that the previous pricing for
the Common Portion was contracted on the basis of restricted use_. [emphasis
added]

In addition, Andrew Buay highlighted that the charges for SCV’s lease of the
Facilities in respect of Excluded Properties would be fixed at “commercially
agreed terms, and no longer based on preferential pricing treatment”.

6 Andrew Buay wrote to Tan Kwi Yong again on 14 August 1996 with details of
SingTel’s revised lease charges for landed properties. Although these rates
were lower than those earlier offered by SingTel, SCV felt that they were
still too high and, in a letter dated 29 August 1996, referred the matter to
the Telecommunication Authority of Singapore (“TAS”) for moderation. Pending
its review of the proposed charges for landed properties, TAS wrote to SCV on
27 September 1996 suggesting that it “seriously consider” SingTel’s offer at
least where commercial properties were concerned. TAS also mentioned that SCV
had “a separate option to self-provide”. We shall be discussing the effect of
the various communications later (see [39] below).

7 SCV remained dissatisfied with the terms quoted by SingTel even after they
had been moderated by TAS. Following TAS’s confirmation that SCV could lay its
own telecommunication links, SCV informed SingTel in a letter dated 14 March
1997 that it had decided not to lease the Facilities for cable television
roll-out to landed properties, but would instead either build its own
infrastructure where necessary or, where such construction would not be
viable, lease the Facilities from SingTel on a case-by-case basis. In reply,
SingTel sent a letter dated 2 April 1997 stating:

We respect SCV’s decision in building its own infrastructure to serve the
landed property residents, and therefore withdraw all our previous offers on
the lease of ducting and fibre for the same said purpose.

8 As for commercial properties, negotiations on a lease of the Facilities
continued, but again, no agreement was eventually concluded.

9 In November 2001, SingTel discovered that SCV had been using the Facilities
leased under the NLA to provide cable television services to Excluded
Properties. This led to SingTel’s suit against SCV for breach of the NLA.
SingTel claimed that its loss and damage by reason of such breach was the
“loss in revenue that [it] would otherwise have earned from [SCV’s] lease of
commercial dark fibre for the transmission of the Cable Services to the
Excluded Properties”.

10 To understand how SCV conveyed cable television signals to Excluded
Properties, it is necessary to first have an overview of the way in which
these signals were sent to Permitted Properties. In simplified terms, cable
television signals were carried from SCV’s headend via the Facilities to SCV’s
optical receivers (“ORs”), which were typically housed in selected high-rise
residential apartment blocks. The segment of the transmission infrastructure
thus far is termed the Common Portion and is that portion of the Facilities
covered by the NLA. From the ORs, the signals were transmitted by SCV’s co-
axial cables, which were located in SingTel’s underground ducts, to SCV’s
lead-in pipes at individual high-rise residential apartment blocks. The
signals reaching each lead-in pipe then travelled through further co-axial
cables and ducts constructed and owned by SCV to the various units in each
apartment block. This last segment of the transmission infrastructure – _ie_ ,
the co-axial cables and ducts connecting the lead-in pipe with the individual
residential units (“the Last-Mile Network”) – was constructed and owned by SCV
and lay outside the Common Portion. What SCV did was to build extensions from
the Last-Mile Network. The cable television signals reaching Permitted
Properties were conveyed onwards to Excluded Properties through these
extensions.

11 For ease of reference, we have used the word “tapping” in this judgment to
describe SCV’s transmission of cable television signals to Excluded Properties
via its extensions from the Last-Mile Network. In this respect, we note
counsel’s concern that the use of this term, which carries a connotation of
trespass, might prejudice SCV’s case. Counsel’s fears were unfounded as the
key players in this dispute had themselves used the term “tapping” without, as
far as we could see, attributing any negative connotations to it. We note that
SCV itself freely spoke of “tapping” in its letter to SingTel dated 10 April
2002. By that time, SCV would have known that there was a possibility of
litigation arising from its provision of cable television services to Excluded
Properties. That SCV nonetheless referred to its own conduct as “tapping”
indicated that it could not have been unduly concerned about any negative
inferences which might be drawn against it from the use of this term. As
stated, we have used this expression strictly as an abbreviated way of
describing SCV’s method of transmitting cable television to Excluded
Properties.

**The decision at first instance**

12 At the trial, SCV advanced several lines of defence. Those which are
relevant to this appeal are the following.

13 First, SCV submitted that the NLA, on its true construction, did not
contain any express or implied prohibition on tapping.

14 Second, SCV invoked the doctrine of estoppel by convention to preclude
SingTel from challenging the tapping which was carried out, claiming that the
parties’ dealings rested on two underlying common assumptions. The first
related to the charges which SCV was to pay under the envisaged lease of the
Facilities in respect of Excluded Properties. SCV alleged that the parties had
agreed at a meeting on 7 September 1994 to calculate these charges on an
incremental costs basis (“the Incremental Costs common understanding”). This
agreement was later reaffirmed by SingTel in its letter dated 17 July 1996
(see [5] above). The second common assumption concerned SCV’s right to “self-
provide” (“the Self-Provide common understanding”). It was said that SingTel
had by the letter dated 2 April 1997 (see [7] above) confirmed SCV’s right to
“self-provide” – _ie_ , to “extend its own co-axial network from the high-rise
nodes to serve landed properties”.

15 Third, SCV argued that the damages pleaded by SingTel were irrecoverable in
principle.

16 Fourth, it was said that the pleaded damages were in any case excluded by
Art 8.5(a) of the NLA.

17 The trial judge dismissed all but the last of the above submissions. He
held that tapping, although not expressly prohibited under the NLA, was not
authorised. This was because “matters outside the [NLA] were excluded from it,
and had to be brought in by further agreement”. In support of this view, the
trial judge pointed to para 2.4 of the draft minutes of the meeting on 7
September 1994 (“the Draft Minutes”) which read:

Any extension into the areas currently excluded from the Sing Tel Lease will
be based on incremental costs i.e. ignoring the facilities already included in
this Sing Tel Lease.

18 The trial judge also relied on two other documents to support his ruling
that tapping was not allowed under the NLA. One of these was a footnote to
para 3.3 of TAS’s paper on “SingTel’s Lease of Ducts/Fibre to SCV for its
Roll-out to Landed Properties” which stated that “the current lease term for
high-rise prohibit[ed] tapping off to serve landed and commercial estates”.
The other document was an internal e-mail dated 16 October 2001 from Vivien
Chow, SCV’s Senior Manager (Regulatory Affairs and Operations), to Thomas Ee,
the company’s Senior Vice-President (Broadband Engineering Services), stating,
_inter alia_ , that:

... SingTel’s NLA is for the sole purpose of serving residential properties
only. As such, SCV may tap/extend from OR[s] to serve residential properties
and not commercial properties.

19 With regard to the defence of estoppel by convention, the trial judge was
not convinced that there was an agreement to charge SCV only incremental costs
when it used the Facilities to transmit cable television services to Excluded
Properties. He regarded the phrase “restricted use” in SingTel’s letter dated
17 July 1996 (see [5] above) as indicative that the lease rates previously
quoted by SingTel were for cable television roll-out to Permitted Properties
only. Commercial rates would apply where Excluded Properties were concerned.
Thus, when SCV used the Facilities to provide cable television services to
such properties, it would have to make additional payment even if it utilised
only those optical fibres and ducts already comprised in the Common Portion.
The trial judge also noted that under the NLA, SingTel was not charging SCV
purely on a cost recovery basis. When the rent payable by SCV exceeded the
Minimum Guaranteed Rent set out in Exhibit F of the NLA, SingTel would receive
additional payment without having to incur any additional expenditure. In the
trial judge’s view, this belied SCV’s arguments on the incremental costs basis
of charging. It was further held that even if the parties had agreed on this
method of charging, it was of no avail to SCV because “exemption from further
payment [did] not operate as authority to tap”.

20 The trial judge was likewise unconvinced by the argument that SingTel had
affirmed SCV’s right to “self-provide” and was thus estopped from challenging
the latter’s tapping. He held that the letter dated 2 April 1997 (see [7]
above) did not represent SingTel’s unequivocal consent to SCV’s tapping
because SingTel, in referring to SCV’s construction of its “own
infrastructure”, might have meant SCV’s construction of a separate
transmission network independent of SingTel’s existing network, as opposed to
a network connected to the Facilities leased under the NLA. (SCV’s extensions
from the Last-Mile Network were of the latter nature.) It was further held
that SCV could not in any event invoke the letter dated 2 April 1997 as the
basis of an estoppel since the relevant facts had not been pleaded with the
proper particulars.

21 The trial judge thus found that SCV had breached the NLA by tapping, and
that such breach had caused SingTel to lose revenue in the form of the
additional charges which SCV would have had to pay for using the Facilities to
transmit cable television signals to Excluded Properties. The loss of revenue
pleaded by SingTel was not, however, recoverable since it was specifically
excluded by Art 8.5(a) of the NLA, the text of which is reproduced in [51]
below. The trial judge held that the classes of damages listed in Art 8.5(a)
had to be read “disjunctively”. Since SingTel’s claim fell within the “lost
revenues, or lost profits” part of the excluded liabilities in Art 8.5(a), no
damages could be recovered for such loss.

**SCV’s alternative grounds for affirming the trial judge’s decision**

22 SCV’s alternative grounds for affirming the judgment at first instance are
essentially a reiteration of the defences outlined above (at [13]–[16]),
namely:

(a) tapping was not prohibited under the NLA;

(b) SingTel was estopped by convention from challenging SCV’s right to serve
Excluded Properties by tapping;

(c) the damages pleaded by SingTel were irrecoverable in principle.

In essence, Mr Philip Jeyaratnam SC on behalf of SCV sought to overturn the
trial judge’s ruling that SCV was in breach of the NLA. Since the issue of
liability necessarily precedes the question of the recoverability of damages,
we shall consider SCV’s alternative grounds first before dealing with
SingTel’s appeal on the interpretation of Art 8.5(a).

23 We propose to deal with grounds (a) and (b) together as they both come
under the purview of the construction of the NLA and the extent to which the
court may have regard to extrinsic facts and circumstances for this purpose.
In its pleaded case and submissions on estoppel by convention, SCV sought to
rely on evidence both pre-dating and post-dating the NLA.

24 The general rule is that extrinsic evidence is not admissible for the
construction of a written contract; the parties’ intentions must be
determined, on legal principles of construction, from the words they have
used: _per_ Lord Wilberforce in _L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales
Ltd_ [1974] AC 235 at 261. Under the contextual approach to construction which
this court has in the past adopted, the court looks at the language of the
contract together with the context in which the words are used. This is
because, as Lord Wilberforce pointed out in _Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar
Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 at 995–996 (approved by this court in _Mt
Elizabeth Hospital Ltd v Allan Ng Clinic for Women_ [1994] 3 SLR 639 at 652,
[35]):

No contracts are made in a vacuum: there is always a setting in which they
have to be placed. The nature of what is legitimate to have regard to is
usually described as “the surrounding circumstances” but this phrase is
imprecise: it can be illustrated but hardly defined. In a commercial contract
it is certainly right that the court should know the commercial purpose of the
contract and this in turn presupposes knowledge of the genesis of the
transaction, the background, the context the market in which the parties are
operating.

25 The general principles which underline the contextual approach to the
interpretation of contracts were summarised by Lord Hoffmann in _Investors
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 (“
_ICS v West Bromwich_ ”) at 912–913 as follows:

(1) Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract.

(2) The background was famously referred to by Lord Wilberforce as the “matrix
of fact,” but this phrase is, if anything, an understated description of what
the background may include. Subject to the requirement that it should have
been reasonably available to the parties and to the exception to be mentioned
next, it includes absolutely anything which would have affected the way in
which the language of the document would have been understood by a reasonable
man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. The law makes this distinction
for reasons of practical policy and, in this respect only, legal
interpretation differs from the way we would interpret utterances in ordinary
life. The boundaries of this exception are in some respects unclear. But this
is not the occasion on which to explore them.

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of a document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meaning of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax …

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had.

This court endorsed the above principles in _Pacific Century Regional
Development Ltd v Canadian Imperial Investment Pte Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 443. We
also note that Lord Hoffmann subsequently clarified in _Bank of Credit and
Commerce International SA v Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251 (“ _BCCI v Ali_ ”) at [39]
that the words “absolutely anything” which he used in _ICS v West Bromwich_
referred to “anything which a reasonable man would have regarded as relevant”.

26 In the present appeal, two principles of contractual interpretation are
particularly apposite. The first is that the law differentiates between (a)
admissible background evidence of the nature and objectives of a contract and
(b) inadmissible evidence of negotiations and of the parties’ subjective
intentions (_ie_ , the third principle identified by Lord Hoffmann in _ICS v
West Bromwich_). The second is that subsequent conduct cannot be taken into
account as an aid to construction (see _James Miller & Partners Ltd v
Whitworth Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd_ [1970] AC 583 at 603, followed in
_Re Lin Securities_ _(Pte)_ [1988] SLR 340 at 350, [37]). The subsequent
conduct of the parties (including any words they use) may however be
sufficient to show that they have made a new contract or to constitute the
basis of an estoppel (as to which see _L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool
Sales Ltd_ ([24] _supra_) at 261 _per_ Lord Wilberforce and _James Miller &
Partners Ltd v Whitworth Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd_ at 603 _per_ Lord
Reid). The effect of this second principle is, as Lord Denning MR commented in
_Amalgamated Investment & Property Co Ltd v Texas Commerce International Bank
Ltd_ [1982] QB 84 at 120:

[W]e have available to us – in point of practice if not in law – evidence of
subsequent conduct to come to our aid. It is available – not so as to construe
the contract – but to see how [the parties] themselves acted on it. Under the
guise of estoppel we can prevent either party from going back on the
interpretation they themselves gave to it.

27 SCV’s claim of estoppel by convention in the present case is based on the
alleged existence of an agreement or a common assumption _prior_ to (and not
after) the execution of the NLA, which is quite different from evidence of
subsequent conduct of the kind referred to by Lord Denning. SCV relied on the
Draft Minutes and the parties’ post-contractual communication to support the
existence of the agreement or common assumption alleged. Is such evidence
admissible to aid in the interpretation of the NLA? We are mindful, and we
agree with Jonathan Parker J in _Philip Collins Ltd v Davis_ [2000] 3 All ER
808 at 824, that the doctrine of estoppel by convention should not be used as
a means to admit, as it were by the back door, evidence of the parties’
alleged subjective intentions or negotiations to ascertain the meaning of
contractual documents where such evidence would otherwise be inadmissible.
However, a _proven_ common assumption _prior_ to the NLA is admissible factual
background and as such forms part of the context of that document (as to which
see Lord Hoffmann in _BCCI v Ali_ at 269, [39]). In other words, a proven
common assumption is an objective fact that the court can and should take into
account as part of the “factual matrix” in which the contract was made.

28 The minimum requirements for the doctrine of estoppel by convention to
apply are, on the authority of _Republic of India v India Steamship Co Ltd (No
2)_ [1998] AC 878 at 913, that:

(a) the parties to a transaction act on an assumed state of facts or law;

(b) the assumption is either one which both parties share or one which is made
by one party and acquiesced in by the other; and

(c) in the case of a shared assumption, there is either an “agreement or
something very close to it” in respect of the assumption.

If these requirements are satisfied, the parties are precluded from denying
the truth of that assumption if it would be unjust or unconscionable to allow
them (or one of them) to go back on it: see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet
& Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 3-107.

29 With these principles in mind, we first turn to the question of whether the
doctrine of estoppel by convention applies to bar SingTel from arguing that
there was a prohibition against tapping. Mr Jeyaratnam contends that as a
consequence of the application of this doctrine, SCV was entitled to tap
signals sent to Permitted Properties by building extensions from the Last-Mile
Network to transmit such signals to Excluded Properties. In essence, SCV seeks
to rely on the doctrine of estoppel by convention to preclude SingTel from
asserting a different interpretation of the NLA. The meeting of 7 September
1994 is vital to SCV’s case on estoppel as it would show either that (a) the
parties negotiated the NLA on an antecedent agreed basis or (b) the parties
accepted a particular state of things which was the foundation of the dealings
between them.

30 The alleged common assumption, as pleaded in para 18 of the Re-Amended
Defence and Counterclaim, is as follows:

Further or alternatively, the parties shared the common assumption
particularised below so that the Plaintiffs are estopped by convention from
asserting that the Defendants were not entitled to:

(1) Extend their own fibre or co-axial distribution network and/or ducts
network to serve properties not included in Clause 1.2 of Exhibit A or set out
in Clause 1.3 of Exhibit A; and/or

(2) Transmit Cable Services to any property in Singapore utilising the
Defendants’ fibre or co-axial distribution network and ducts.

 _PARTICULARS OF COMMON ASSUMPTION_

(a) As evidenced by the Defendants’ letter dated 8 July 1996 and the
Plaintiffs [_sic_] reply dated 17 July 1996, the understanding at the date of
the Agreement was that the Defendants

(i) could serve commercial and landed properties,

(ii) would pay only for additional fibres and ducting leased from the
Plaintiffs for this purpose, and

(iii) would not pay any additional sum for the Leased Facilities in relation
to serving such commercial and landed properties.

31 In its Further and Better Particulars filed on 24 September 2003, SCV
elaborated:

(iii) In so far as it [the above common assumption] was oral, the
understanding was reached during negotiations between the Defendants’ and the
Plaintiffs’ respective commercial teams prior to entry into the Agreement as
evidenced by the Defendants’ letter dated 8 July 1996 and the Plaintiffs’
reply dated 17 July 1996 which expressly agree that this was the understanding
reached during negotiations. This understanding was reflected in the
discussions during the negotiation meeting held on 7 September 1994 attended
by Chua Sock Koong, Yvonne Kwek, Lian Bee Leng, Lim Yang Kim and Robert Tan of
the Plaintiffs, Lee Theng Kiat, Kwek Buck Chye, Sio Tat Hiang, Yong Lum Sung,
Tay Kiong Hong, Terry Wee, Tan Kwi Yong and Daniel Goh of the Defendants as
well as Mr Goh Boon Wah from [TAS]. In addition, the Defendants rely on the
discussions which took place in the meeting between TAS, the Plaintiffs, and
the Defendants on 27 September 1996 referred to in the letter dated 27
September 1996 as reflecting and/or evidencing this understanding.

32 The Incremental Costs common understanding (as alleged by SCV) is the
parties’ mutual understanding that when SCV leased the Facilities for cable
television roll-out to Excluded Properties, it would not be charged again for
its use of the Common Portion. SCV says that the Incremental Costs common
understanding was reached at the 7 September 1994 meeting. As evidence of this
common understanding, SCV relies on para 2.4 of the Draft Minutes ([17]
above), SCV’s letter of 8 July 1996 ([4] above) and SingTel’s letter dated 17
July 1996 ([5] above). As further evidence of this common understanding, SCV
cites two letters which were written after 7 September 1994. The first is
SCV’s letter dated 13 October 1994 asking SingTel for the “incremental rates”
for hotels, hospitals, commercial buildings, schools and public buildings. SCV
claims that at the trial, Chua Sock Koong (SingTel’s Chief Financial Officer)
agreed that SingTel understood “incremental rates” to mean the costs of
extending the use of the Facilities to these building categories, without any
additional charge for the use of the Common Portion. The second is SingTel’s
letter dated 20 July 1998. SCV points out that during cross-examination, Chua
Sock Koong confirmed that the rates quoted in that letter were “based on the
additional duct and fibre required for commercial properties” and did not
include duplicate charges for the Common Portion.

33 SCV further argues that the trial judge was wrong to conclude that SingTel
could, without supplying any extra optical fibres and ducts, receive
additional payment when SCV used the Common Portion to transmit cable
television signals to Excluded Properties. SCV’s criticisms of this holding
are as follows. First, the trial judge misunderstood the expression
“restricted use” in the letter of 17 July 1996 which referred not to the types
of buildings to which SCV could provide cable television services, but to the
type of cable services which SCV could provide pursuant to Art 2.3(b) of the
NLA. Second, the trial judge erred in regarding the lease rates for Permitted
Properties as preferential rates. Third, the trial judge’s finding that there
was never any Incremental Costs common understanding contradicted Chua Sock
Koong’s evidence that this understanding was reflected in the letter of 17
July 1996.

34 Counsel for SingTel, Mr Tan Kok Quan SC, conceded at the hearing of the
appeal that SVC was right in saying that the trial judge misunderstood the
words “restricted use” in the letter dated 17 July 1996. Nonetheless, we agree
with the trial judge’s conclusion that in the present case, there was no
agreement or common assumption or anything close to one as to the incremental
costs basis of charging. SCV has not shown on a balance of probabilities that
there was such an agreement or common assumption. The portions of Chua Sock
Koong’s cross-examination which SCV relies on were taken out of context. The
evidence is that at the meeting on 7 September 1994, the parties were focusing
on Permitted Properties and thus could not have, as Mr Tan argues, come to any
Incremental Costs common understanding at that time. Besides, SingTel never
agreed to para 2.4 of the Draft Minutes, which SCV says reflected the
Incremental Costs common understanding. We note that on 14 September 1994,
SingTel wrote to SCV requesting that para 2.4 of the Draft Minutes be deleted
and replaced with a differently worded version. SCV replied by fax on 19
September 1994 stating that “further discussions” on SingTel’s proposed
changes to para 2.4 were needed. It is not clear whether further discussions
were in fact held. SCV witnesses gave inconsistent evidence on this issue. We
do not agree with SCV that SingTel’s letter of 17 July 1996 changed the
situation. We accept Mr Tan’s submission that this letter was written on the
underlying basis that there was going to be a separate agreement for the lease
of the Facilities in respect of Excluded Properties. It would be an expansive
and skewed reading of the evidence to give the letter its literal effect in
the absence of such an agreement.

35 In addition, both parties’ conduct after 7 September 1994 was inconsistent
with the existence of the alleged Incremental Costs common understanding. It
is significant that an internal memo dated 20 December 1994 to SCV’s Chairman
stated that the parties had not agreed on how commercial and landed properties
were to be counted and charged for the purpose of cable television roll-out.
This internal memo belies SCV’s claim that the Incremental Costs common
understanding had already been reached by then. Internal e-mails within SCV
dated 26 January 1995 provide further support for our conclusion. The last
sentence of one such internal e-mail stated that there was “[n]o agreement on
[l]anded and commercial building rates yet”. Again, from the meeting between
TAS and SCV on 13 March 1995, it can be seen that the lease rates applicable
to Excluded Properties had not been fixed yet as at that date. In fact, as
late as 22 April 1996, the parties had still not settled the lease rates for
Excluded Properties, and SingTel, at least, had still not agreed to the
incremental costs basis of charging. This can be seen from an internal e-mail
within SCV of the same date.

36 Even if the Incremental Costs common understanding existed on 7 September
1994, it does not advance SCV’s case on estoppel. At most, this common
understanding shows that the parties had agreed that for the lease to be
concluded in respect of Excluded Properties, the lease charges would be based
on incremental costs. This does not, however, translate into a common
understanding that SCV could, under the NLA, use the Facilities to provide
cable television services to Excluded Properties without more; neither does it
entail that SCV could use the Facilities for this purpose without entering
into a separate agreement with SingTel.

37 The Self-Provide common understanding (as alleged by SCV) is the parties’
mutual understanding that SCV could extend its own co-axial network from the
Last-Mile Network so as to transmit cable television signals to Excluded
Properties. SCV argues that the trial judge was wrong to hold that “self-
provide” might have meant the construction of a transmission infrastructure
independent of the Facilities (see [20] above) since:

(a) the approach for cable television roll-out island-wide was that SCV was to
lease optical fibres and ducts from SingTel instead of building its own; and

(b) SingTel’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Lee Hsien Yang, had
admitted during cross-examination that:

(i) SingTel understood the letter dated 14 March 1997 to mean that SCV
intended to build a transmission network connected to SingTel’s
infrastructure; and

(ii) SingTel did not object to SCV’s plan.

38 As an adjunct to its arguments on the Self-Provide common understanding,
SCV cites its provision of cable television services to libraries, community
centres and schools under the Government’s SingaporeOne initiative launched in
June 1997 as evidence that SingTel knew about SCV’s tapping but did not raise
any objections. Although SingTel’s witnesses testified that they thought SCV
might have been using the Multi-point Multi-channel Distribution system
(“MMDS”) to provide cable television services under the SingaporeOne
initiative, SCV contends that such evidence is unbelievable given the
limitations of MMDS. With respect, we found no merit in the arguments. The
evidence of SingTel’s witnesses is plausible since MMDS has not been totally
written off despite its limitations. Indeed, SCV was still using MMDS at the
time of the trial, albeit on a limited scale. As for Lee Hsien Yang’s
testimony, the witness clarified that when he said SingTel knew SCV meant to
use a network connected to the Facilities for cable television roll-out to
Excluded Properties, his reply was based on SingTel’s knowledge at the time of
the trial _after_ extensive rounds of discovery, and not based on SingTel’s
knowledge as at 1997. Lee Hsien Yang’s evidence falls short of an admission
that SingTel knew of SCV’s tapping and acquiesced in it.

39 If anything, the Self-Provide argument is a distraction just like the
Incremental Costs common understanding. Looking at the letter of 27 September
1996 from TAS to SCV (see [6] above) when TAS first mentioned SCV’s option to
self-provide, we note that this suggestion was raised in the context of cable
television roll-out to commercial properties. Prior to that, when dealing with
landed properties, the letters from SingTel to SCV dated 14 August 1996 and
the letter from SCV to TAS dated 29 August 1996 talked about the use of
SingTel’s underground pipes to install co-axial cables for landed properties.
Thus, when TAS stated in its letter of 1 March 1997 that it had no objections
to SCV laying “its own telecommunications links” for landed property, TAS must
have been referring to the building of separate underground ducts by SCV. This
view is borne out by SCV’s letter of 14 March 1997 (see [7] above), in which
SCV talked about building its own infrastructure to serve landed properties
and to lease from SingTel on a case-by-case basis. Besides, the parties had
very different notions of what “self-provide” meant. SCV understood “self-
provide” to mean building extensions from the Last-Mile Network which would
still be linked to the Facilities even though they were located outside the
Common Portion. In essence, SCV equated “self-provide” with “tapping”. In
contrast, SingTel did not regard “self-provide” and “tapping” as being the
same. From SingTel’s perspective, “self-provide” meant that SCV would
construct its own network of fibres and ducts all the way from its headend to
the properties to be served without any connection or link to SingTel’s
network. In our view, there was no shared assumption as to what sort of self-
provision SCV could resort to, which is fatal to SCV’s arguments on estoppel
by convention.

40 We are thus not persuaded that in signing the NLA, SCV was acting on the
assumption that it would be entitled to extend its own co-axial distribution
network from the Last-Mile Network to serve Excluded Properties. At the time
the NLA was signed, the parties were not concerned with the aforesaid
extension, as the undisputed arrangement was to cover Excluded Properties in
another agreement (see [44] below). If the question of tapping had been raised
in terms, SingTel would never have agreed to it. Furthermore, if it was the
case, as argued, that SCV had throughout assumed that it was entitled to self-
provide by tapping, this was not an assumption which SingTel was aware of,
still less one which it shared; nor, in the circumstances, can there be any
question of SingTel having acquiesced in any such assumption. In our judgment,
the defence of estoppel by convention fails.

41 As an aside, the trial judge was right on the pleading point. The Self-
Provide common understanding allegedly evidenced by SingTel’s letter of 2
April 1997 and the SingaporeOne initiative were not raised in the pleadings.

42 With the plea of estoppel by convention out of the way, we turn to consider
the scope of the NLA and the question of whether the use of the Facilities
leased under the NLA by tapping was in violation of the NLA. SingTel’s pleaded
case is that given the language of cll 1.2 and 1.3 of Exhibit A of the NLA
(see [3] above), such use of the Facilities amounted to a breach of Art 4.3
which stipulates:

The Company [SCV] hereby agrees that during the term of this Agreement it
shall not use the Leased Facilities in violation of:-

(i) this Agreement …

43 In response, SCV argues that in the absence of an express or implied
prohibition on tapping in the NLA, SCV could do what it wanted with the cable
television signals after they left the Common Portion. This was because SCV’s
tapping did not involve any trespass, any interference with Sing Tel’s
property, any additional strain on the Facilities or any interference with
another party’s cable television signals. SCV emphasises that it used its own
resources in the form of extensions from the Last-Mile Network to transmit
cable television signals which had left the Common Portion to more
destinations other than just Permitted Properties alone.

44 In deciding between these competing views of the NLA, it is necessary to
look at the contractual background. In this case, the relevant contractual
background is that the Facilities (and by inference, the cable television
signals transmitted by those Facilities) were to be used in respect of
Permitted Properties only. This was at the parties’ choice as SCV at the
relevant time was not in a position to provide cable television services to
other types of properties. Crucially, at the time the NLA was signed, a lease
for Excluded Properties was mutually envisaged. This is evident from the fact
that in the same month of June 1995, shortly after the NLA was signed, SCV’s
Chairman directed the negotiating team to proceed to negotiate the lease
concerning Excluded Properties. These instructions were acted upon.

45 Thus, it would be lacking in commercial sense or logic for there to be in
existence or in tandem alongside the NLA any sort of arrangement whereby SCV
was allowed to extend its own co-axial distribution network from the
Facilities to Excluded Properties. To paraphrase Lord Hoffmann in _ICS v West
Bromwich_ ([25] _supra_)_,_ a reasonable person reading cll 1.2 and 1.3 of
Exhibit A of the NLA with knowledge of the relevant background would not
construe the contract as allowing SCV to extend its own co-axial distribution
network from the Facilities to serve Excluded Properties. Such an extension
would plainly be contrary to the parties’ decision at the material time to
enter into a separate lease for the Excluded Properties. Consequently, the use
of the Facilities leased under the NLA beyond what was delineated by cll 1.2
and 1.3 of Exhibit A would be a clear breach of what had been agreed by the
parties in the NLA, particularly Art 4.3.

46 SCV’s analogy of a carrier of goods – _ie_ , that delivery by the carrier
to a specific addressee does not of itself prohibit onward carriage by the
latter to someone else – is inapt as it is based on the premise that the NLA
did not restrict what SCV could do with the cable television signals after
they left the Facilities leased under the NLA. Bearing in mind that SCV could
only use the Facilities subject to the conditions imposed by SingTel, one of
which was that the leased Facilities were to be used to transmit cable
television to Permitted Properties only, any use of the Facilities beyond the
limits of cl 1.2 read with cl 1.3 of Exhibit A was not permitted. We note that
SCV could not have transmitted cable television signals to Excluded Properties
if those signals had not been so conveyed through the Facilities leased under
the NLA to the Permitted Properties to begin with. As such, in building
extensions to the Last-Mile Network so as to carry cable television signals
from Permitted Properties to Excluded Properties, SCV was still making use of
the Facilities leased under the NLA to serve the latter category of
properties. From this perspective, it does not matter that the transmission of
cable television signals from Permitted Properties to Excluded Properties was
through extensions built by SCV.

47 For completeness, we should comment on SCV’s argument that read in the
light of Art 2.1(b) of the NLA, Exhibits A and B simply describe “the
requirements and configuration” of the Facilities to be provided by SingTel to
SCV. In other words, Exhibit A (including cll 1.2 and 1.3) deals with
technical matters only (the optical fibres and ducts which SingTel is to
provide) and does not prescribe what SCV can or cannot do with the Facilities
leased to it. We disagree with SCV on this point. Other provisions in the
Exhibit indicate that it was meant to cover supplementary non-technical issues
as well. For instance, cl 2.5 sets out some of SCV’s obligations under the
lease (see cll 2.5.1 and 2.5.3) and also imposes some restrictions on SCV (see
cl 2.5.2).

48 The third alternative ground relied upon by SCV is that the damages pleaded
by SingTel were irrecoverable in principle. It should be noted that SingTel is
seeking compensatory and not restitutionary damages. Mr Jeyaratnam argues that
SingTel is not entitled to damages as it has suffered no loss. SCV’s tapping
did not impose any additional strain on the Facilities; neither did it deprive
SingTel of any opportunity to provide cable television services since SingTel
was not licensed to do so. SingTel did not lose any revenue from SCV’s tapping
either as:

(a) there was no evidence that SCV would have agreed to lease additional
optical fibres and ducts from SingTel if the latter had sought to stop the
tapping; and

(b) SingTel would have had to incur costs by supplying additional fibres and
ducts to SCV before it could earn the revenue allegedly lost.

49 With respect, SCV’s arguments miss the point. It is trite law that a right
to damages arises on proof of the breach of the contract itself because a
legal right has been violated. SingTel’s legal right has been violated and the
secondary obligation to pay damages arises. The quantum of damages which
SingTel may recover for breach of contract is distinct from its right to
damages for such a breach, and is to be determined at the assessment of
damages stage. As for whether SingTel recovers nominal or substantial damages,
much will depend on what loss SingTel, at the assessment of damages stage, is
able to successfully prove. The contention in this appeal that SingTel has
suffered no loss is not only misconceived but also premature given that the
trial was limited to the issue of liability.

50 A subsidiary argument of SCV is that damages are to be assessed on the
basis that the contract is performed in the manner most advantageous to the
party liable. This argument does not advance SCV’s case for it rests on the
premise that the common assumption as pleaded existed which, we have found,
was not the case.

**Whether SingTel’s pleaded head of loss is excluded by the terms of Article
8.5(a)**

51 We now turn to the appeal proper. The principal issue concerns the correct
interpretation of Art 8.5(a) which reads as follows:

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement and regardless of any
fault or negligence of [SCV] or [SingTel], neither Party shall be liable to
the other for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages
(including, without limitation, damages for harm to business, lost revenues,
or lost profits) regardless of the form of action or whether such Party had
reason to know of such damages ...

As stated (in [21] above), the trial judge construed the words in parenthesis
in Art 8.5(a) as representing different types of damages which were to be read
disjunctively. He thus concluded that SingTel’s claim for damages, being
characterised as loss of revenue, was caught by the express exclusion of “lost
revenues” in Art 8.5(a). With respect, the trial judge fell into error in two
separate and independent respects.

52 First, the trial judge overlooked the importance of adopting in this case a
contextual approach when interpreting a contractual term. Under the contextual
approach, the scope of Art 8.5(a), which is very broadly worded, may be cut
down in the light of “the purpose of the contract and the circumstances in
which the contract was made” (_per_ Lord Nicholls in _BCCI v Ali_ at [26]).
Article 8.5(a) should be construed in the context of the contract as a whole.
The focus on the purpose of the contract and the circumstances in which it was
made is particularly apt where exemption clauses are concerned. The general
rule should be applied that if a party otherwise liable is to exclude or limit
his liability or to rely on an exemption, he must do so in clear words; any
ambiguity or lack of clarity must be resolved against that party: _per_ Lord
Hobhouse in _Homburg Houtimport BV v Agrosin Private Ltd_ [2004] 1 AC 715 at
[144]. The principle that exemption clauses must be construed strictly
entails, as this court held in _Hong Realty (Pte) Ltd v_ _Chua Keng Mong_
[1994] 3 SLR 819 (“ _Hong Realty_ ”) at 825, [19], that the application of
such clauses must be restricted to the _particular circumstances_ the parties
had in mind at the time they entered into the contract.

53 In _Hong Realty_ , the respondent’s stock-in-trade, which was stored in the
appellants’ warehouse, was damaged by water leaking from the cut ends of an
uncapped overhead water pipe. The pipe had been cut as part of the appellants’
renovation works in the warehouse. The appellants’ maintenance officer, having
been previously informed by the workmen carrying out the renovation works that
the main valve to the pipe in question had been shut, left the cut ends of the
pipe uncapped over the weekend. When the warehouse was re-opened after the
weekend, it was found that water had leaked from the cut ends of the pipe,
thereby soaking the respondent’s stock-in-trade. The Court of Appeal affirmed
the trial judge’s decision that the appellants, in leaving the cut ends of the
pipe uncapped without putting a pail beneath to catch any dripping water while
the warehouse was closed for the weekend, had breached their duty of care as
bailees of the respondent’s goods. The Court of Appeal accepted that before
the water pipe was cut, the place where the respondent’s goods were kept was a
fit and proper storage place. It became unfit, however, by reason of the
renovation works done. This finding was important in dealing with the
exemption clauses relied on by the appellants. Karthigesu JA (delivering the
judgment of the court) said at 825, [17]:

Now, when the respondent entered into the contract of bailment with the
appellants, which included exemption cll (ii) and (iii), it could not have
been in the contemplation of either of them that these exemption clauses would
apply in circumstances other than [those] in which the storage area in the
warehouse was prior to the intervention of the works undertaken on 20 December
1986. Thus had there been a leakage of water in the overhead water supply
system through some patent defect before 20 December 1986 and the respondent’s
goods had been damaged we have no doubt that exemption cll (ii) and (iii)
would have relieved the appellants of liability. It will be remembered that
exemption cl (ii) provides that the goods stored at the appellants’ warehouse
are stored there ‘at owner’s risk’ and cl (iii), inter alia, exempts the
appellants from the negligence or default of their servants or agents and any
person acting for or under the employ of the appellants. On the other hand
since the water damage to the respondent’s goods occurred between 20 and 22
December 1986, a period during which the works undertaken in the storage area
of the warehouse had intervened, and in the circumstances of the learned
judge’s finding (above referred to), with which we have concurred, thereby
rendering the storage area, between 20 and 22 December 1986 unfit as a proper
place for the storage of goods, exemptions cll (ii) and (iii) cannot, in our
judgment, operate to relieve the appellants of liability. To give another
example, if for instance owing to the negligence of Thanapal [the appellants’
maintenance officer], the door to the warehouse was not securely locked and
third parties entered and stole or vandalized the respondent’s goods such
negligence would come within exemption cll (ii) and (iii).

54 Karthigesu JA continued at 825–826, [19]:

It is trite law that exemption clauses must be construed strictly and this
mean[s] that their application must be restricted to the particular
circumstances the parties had in mind at the time they entered into the
contract. On any view of the matter the respondent and the appellants could
not have intended that the exemption clauses in the contract of bailment would
apply when some act had intervened to alter the circumstances in which the
exemption clauses would ordinarily apply.

55 As stated (at [44] above), the contractual structure of the NLA was
expressed in terms of the Facilities leased under the NLA (and as a corollary,
the signals transmitted by those Facilities) being used in respect of
Permitted Properties. A separate agreement on the lease of the Facilities in
relation to Excluded Properties was envisaged. In these circumstances, it
would be astonishing (unless compelled to do so by the words used in the NLA)
to attribute to the parties an intention to exclude a liability for tapping, a
subject matter which they never thought about. By analogy with _Hong Realty_ ,
the application of Art 8.5(a) (also an exclusion clause) must be restricted to
the particular circumstances the parties had in mind at the time they entered
into the NLA. Tapping was not under consideration at the material time and
thus, Art 8.5(a) cannot be taken to exclude liability for such act or conduct.
That Art 8.5(a) does not apply, extend to or embrace tapping accords with the
commercial purpose and construction of this provision. The commercial purpose
of Art 8.5(a) was to protect each party to the NLA against the risk of non-
performance or mis-performance by the other in relation to Permitted
Properties. Put another way, Art 8.5(a) was meant to apply only where the
types of damages listed arose while the parties were doing what was
contemplated under the NLA, _ie_ , using the Facilities to provide cable
television services to Permitted Properties. We therefore hold that SingTel is
not precluded by Art 8.5(a) from claiming damages from SCV.

56 Given our analysis of Art 8.5(a), it is not strictly necessary for us to
rule on the trial judge’s interpretation that this provision excluded all
claims for “harm to business”, “lost revenues” or “lost profits”, whether
direct or indirect. However, we should say something about the article given
the lengthy arguments canvassed by the parties. This is the second point on
which, with respect, we disagree with the trial judge. As a matter of
construction, the true scope and effect of Art 8.5(a) is more restricted than
what the trial judge, with respect, appreciated.

57 SingTel argues that the trial judge was wrong to interpret Art 8.5(a) as
excluding all claims for “harm to business”, “lost revenues” or “lost
profits”. Such a ruling, SingTel argues, not only defies commercial logic, but
also runs contrary to the trial judge’s finding of fact that the parties
envisaged a separate lease of the Facilities for cable television roll-out to
Excluded Properties and that SingTel would be paid commercial rates under that
lease. Besides, the trial judge’s interpretation is at odds with the express
wording of Art 8.5(a), especially the word “including” at the start of the
phrase in parenthesis. In addition, SingTel’s contends that its loss is
outside the ambit of Art 8.5(a) which only excludes indirect and consequential
loss, _ie_ , damages that come within the second limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_
(1854) 9 Exch 341; 156 ER 145 _._ This is because SingTel’s claim is for
“direct” loss arising naturally from the breach.

58 SCV, on the other hand, submits that the trial judge was right in
concluding that SingTel’s claim was precluded by the express exclusion of
“lost revenue”. Mr Jeyaratnam argues that in Art 8.5(a), the types of damages
listed in parenthesis are not to be read subject to the words appearing before
since the words “without limitation” allow the court to construe Art 8.5(a) as
a broad exclusion. It is also said that SingTel’s claim, however framed, is
indirect as it does not represent the lost value of performance but is instead
for loss of a potential gain which is also speculative.

59 Direct loss is loss that flows directly, naturally and in the ordinary
course of events, from the defendant’s breach (the first limb of the rule in
_Hadley v Baxendale_), while “indirect” or “consequential” loss falls within
the second limb of the rule. The purpose of the first part of Art 8.5(a) is to
exclude contractual claims for indirect and consequential losses or special
damages; that is to say, to exclude liability in contract for losses which can
only be recovered under the second limb of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale._
Before we consider some of the authorities which illustrate these
propositions, we find it helpful to set out the following summary from
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 12(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1998 Reissue) at
para 812:

‘Consequential’ damage or loss usually refers to pecuniary loss consequent on
physical damage, such as loss of profit sustained due to fire damage in a
factory. … When used in an exemption clause in a contract, ‘consequential’
refers to damage which is only recoverable under the second head in _Hadley v
Baxendale_ , and does not preclude recovery of loss of profits under the first
head in that case.

60 _Saint Line Limited v Richardsons, Westgarth & Co, Limited_ [1940] 2 KB 99
concerned the supply of defective ship’s engines. The contract in question
excluded liability for “any indirect or consequential damages or claims
whatsoever”. The shipowners claimed loss of profits during the time they were
deprived of the use of the ship, expenses thrown away and expert
superintendents’ fees. They recovered all three. In the course of his
judgment, Atkinson J said at 103:

What does one mean by “direct damage”? Direct damage is that which flows
naturally from the breach without other intervening cause and independently of
special circumstances, while indirect damage does not so flow. The breach
certainly has brought it about, but only because of some supervening event or
some special circumstances. …

In my judgment, the words “indirect or consequential” do not exclude liability
for damages which are the direct and natural result of the breaches complained
of.

61 The English Court of Appeal in _Croudace Construction Ltd v Cawoods
Concrete Products Ltd_ [1978] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 55 affirmed at 62 that the word
“consequential” does not cover any loss which directly and naturally results,
in the ordinary course of events, from a breach of contract.

62 Both cases which we have referred to affirm that “indirect or
consequential” loss covers the second limb of the rule in _Hadley &
Baxendale_. The English Court of Appeal in _Hotel Services Limited v Hilton
International Hotels (UK) Limited_ [2000] BLR 235 expressly rejected the
criticism in _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 1997) at paras
25–26 that such a construction of the term “consequential” loss was too
narrow. (The author was of the view that “consequential” loss could in some
cases fall under the first limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_). We note that in the
latest edition of this book (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003), the author has
conceded at para 1-039 that a narrower construction of the term
“consequential” loss might be justified where exclusion clauses are concerned.
The author has maintained his criticism of the English courts’ approach whilst
recognising that the weight of authority is against his view.

63 Equally, “special damages” in the third line of Art 8.5(a) should be read
as being _ejusdem generis_ with the words “indirect” or “consequential” (which
are synonymous) and in effect as referring to damages within the second limb
of _Hadley v Baxendale_. The meaning of “special damages” in the context of
liability for breach of contract is summarised in _Halsbury’s Laws of England_
vol 12(1) ([59] _supra_) at para 812 as follows:

A distinction is frequently drawn between the terms ‘general’ and ‘special’
damages, which terms have different meanings according to the context in which
they are used. In the context of liability for loss (usually in contract),
general damages are those which arise naturally and in the normal course of
events, whereas special damages are those which do not arise naturally out of
the defendant’s breach and are recoverable only where they were not beyond the
reasonable contemplation of the parties (for example, where the plaintiff
communicated to the defendant prior to the breach the likely consequences of
the breach).

64 In _Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation v ICI Chemicals &
Polymers Ltd_ (“ _Deepak Fertilisers_ ”) [1999] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 387, the
exclusion clause in question purported to rule out liability for “loss of
anticipated profits ... or for indirect or consequential damages”. The crucial
difference between the exclusion clause in _Deepak Fertilisers_ and Art 8.5(a)
is that in the former case, loss of profits was explicitly excluded in
addition to all indirect or consequential loss due to the use of the word
“or”. In this case, Art 8.5(a) refers to “indirect, incidental, consequential,
or special damages (_including …_ lost revenues, or lost profits)” [emphasis
added]. Thus, it is only where lost revenue is indirect or consequential that
it is excluded under Art 8.5(a). The decision in _Pegler Limited v Wang (UK)
Limited_ [2000] BLR 218 (“ _Pegler v Wang_ ”) supports this interpretation.

65 His Honour Judge Peter Bowsher QC in _Pegler v Wang_ had to consider the
meaning of a clause which excluded liability for “any indirect, special or
consequential loss, howsoever arising (including but not limited to loss of
anticipated profits or of data) in connection with or arising out of the
supply, functioning or use of [the goods and services supplied]”. The judge
said at [50] that those words referred to loss under the second limb of
_Hadley v Baxendale_. In his view:

[T]he reference by the words in brackets to loss of anticipated profits does
not mean that the exclusion effected by this clause includes _all_ loss of
profits: it is plain from the context that only loss of profits which are of
the character of indirect, special or consequential loss are referred to. As
was explained in _Victoria Laundry (Windsor) Ltd_ v _Newman Industries Ltd_
[1949] 2 KB 528 at 536, claims for loss of profits may fall into either the
first or the second rule in _Hadley_ v _Baxendale_ , depending on the
circumstances. [emphasis in original]

66 As for “incidental” damages, we note the English Court of Appeal’s decision
in _Leicester Circuits Limited v Coates Brothers Plc_ [2003] EWCA Civ 290. In
that case, the phrase in question excluded liability for “consequential or
incidental damage of any kind whatsoever ... including without limitation any
indirect loss or damage such as operating loss, loss of clientele”. The
appellate court held at [63] that:

The loss of clientele has to be of a kind which is truly “consequential”
before it can be excluded. The words “or incidental” are too vague to detract
from the requirement that the word “consequential”is to be understood in the
sense adopted by this court in _Croudace Construction Ltd v Cawoods Concrete
Products Ltd_ [1978] 2 Lloyds Rep.55, 8 BLR 20.

67 Likewise, we are of the view that the word “incidental” in Art 8.5(a) is
superfluous. The phrases in parenthesis - “harm to business”, “lost revenues”
or “lost profits” - are examples of indirect or consequential loss or special
damages, all of which are recognised as claims falling under the second limb
of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_. It is “lost revenues” that are indirect
or consequential which are excluded under Art 8.5(a).

68 The concluding words of the first part of Art 8.5(a) (“whether such Party
had reason to know of such damages”) is further support that its purpose is to
exclude contractual claims for indirect and consequential losses or special
damages. Those words appear to have been added out of caution given the strict
approach of the courts to exclusion clauses, rather than as a palpable attempt
to exclude damages under the first limb of the rule in _Hadley v Baxendale_.

69 By way of observation, at the end of the day, the opposing views as to the
meaning of Art 8.5 (a) rest on whether the loss is direct or indirect.
Assuming for the sake of discussion that Art 8.5(a) applies (we have concluded
that it does not in [55] above), a factual analysis of the loss would have
been required in order to assess how “direct” or “indirect” the loss was, and
this could not be achieved until assessment of damages when the evidence is
before the court. As a split trial was ordered, it is not surprising to find
that the affidavits of evidence-in-chief focused primarily on issues of
liability.

70 In conclusion, for the reasons given, we allow this appeal with costs. We
also order judgment on liability to be entered in favour of SingTel and for
damages to be assessed. The security for costs shall be refunded to SingTel.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

