Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Carrefour Singapore Pte Ltd v Leong Wai Kay  
[2006] SGHC 160

Case Number | : | Suit 422/2005, RA 95/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sadique Marican and Anand Kumar (Sadique Marican & Z M Amin) for the plaintiff; M Mahendran (Surian & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Carrefour Singapore Pte Ltd — Leong Wai Kay   
  
Debt and Recovery – Civil debt – Civil action by company under s 14(1)
Prevention of Corruption Act to recover gratification accepted by former
manager whilst employed by company – Employee convicted of corruption,
imprisoned and ordered to pay penalty in the sum of amount of bribes received
– Whether civil action to recover gratification barred by penalties and
disgorgement ordered under criminal proceedings – Section 14(1) Prevention of
Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed)  
  

6 September 2006

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The plaintiff, Carrefour Singapore Pte Ltd, brought this action against the
defendant, Leong Wai Kay, who prior to his conviction was the facilities
manager of the plaintiff. This appeal concerns the recovery of bribes as a
civil debt under s 14(1) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993
Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The question which arose at the appeal was whether
pursuant to s 14(1) of the Act, the defendant, who had already paid to the
State the penalty sum imposed on him following his conviction, remained liable
to pay the plaintiff as a civil debt a like amount of the bribes received by
him. I allowed the plaintiff’s appeal and entered final judgment for the
plaintiff in the sum of $292,800. The defendant has appealed against my
decision.

2 The defendant joined the plaintiff company on 17 April 1997. His employment
was terminated on 28 October 2003. Between April 1998 and July 2003, the
defendant as facilities manager received bribes from several companies who
provided services to the plaintiff. The bribes were given in return for
awarding contracts to those service providers. The defendant was duly charged
for offences punishable under s 6(_a_) of the Act. He pleaded guilty on 13
September 2004 to ten charges of receiving bribes. He was convicted and 82
other charges were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The
defendant was sentenced to a total of ten months’ imprisonment and ordered to
pay a penalty of $292,800, in default 16 months’ imprisonment. The defendant
paid the penalty of $292,800 being the amount of bribes received by him.

3 The defendant in his defence admitted to receiving $292,800 as gratification
corruptly. Essentially, his defence to the plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment was that having already disgorged all the moneys he had received he
could not remain liable to the plaintiff as it would be tantamount to making
him pay twice for the same gratification. It was equally unjust since he was
no longer enriched. Counsel for the defendant, Mr M Mahendran, referred me to
_PP v Teng Cheow Hing_ [2005] SGDC 38, a decision of the District Court on s
13 of the Act. Counsel argued that the intention of s 13 was not to penalise
the offender twice over but to disgorge the gratification. By analogy, the
same reasoning should apply in the present case.

4 In response, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Sadique Marican, maintained that
it was irrelevant and immaterial to the plaintiff’s claim that the bribes were
disgorged as a result of the penalty imposed on the defendant in the criminal
proceedings. There would be no double payment as alleged. Mr Marican relied on
the decision of the Privy Council in _T Mahesan v Malaysian Government
Officers’ Co-operative Housing Society_ [1978] 1 MLJ 149 (“ _Mahesan v
Malaysian Housing Society_ ”) for the proposition that the imposition of a
penalty in the criminal proceedings of an amount equivalent to the bribes
received by the defendant is not a defence barring the plaintiff’s recovery of
the civil debt against the defendant under s 14(1) of the Act. Section 14
reads as follows:

(1) Where any gratification has, in contravention of this Act, been given by
any person to an agent, the principal may recover as a civil debt the amount
or the money value thereof either from the agent or from the person who gave
the gratification to the agent, and no conviction or acquittal of the
defendant in respect of an offence under this Act shall operate as a bar to
proceedings for the recovery of that amount or money value.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to prejudice or affect any right
which any principal may have under any written law or rule of law to recover
from his agent any money or property

5 In that case, the Privy Council considered s 30 of the Malaysian Prevention
of Corruption Act, 1961 (No 42 of 1961) (“the Malaysian Act”), which deals
with civil remedies for bribery in Malaysia. Section 30 of the Malaysian Act
is _in_ _pari materia_ to our s 14. The appellant, Mahesan, was a director and
employee of the respondent whose object as housing society was to provide
housing for government employees. Mahesan could have purchased land on behalf
of the respondent at the time he inspected it and at the price of RM456,000
which one Manickam was given for it, instead of RM944,000 at which the latter
sold it on to the respondent. It transpired that from the gross profit of
RM488,000, Manickam passed one quarter of it (_ie_ RM122,000) to Mahesan as a
bribe. Mahesan was convicted under the Malaysian Act and sentenced to seven
years’ imprisonment and ordered to pay to the respondent a penalty of
RM122,000 being the amount of the bribe. I should add that an order to pay the
penalty to the respondent was a possible recourse. Section 13 of the Malaysian
Act (which is differently worded from our s 13(1)) allows the sentencing court
to make such a direction. The respondent later brought a civil action against
Mahesan claiming (a) recovery of the bribe Mahesan had received, _ie_
RM122,000; and (b) damages for loss sustained by the respondent in connection
with the purchase of the land quantified at RM488,000.

6 Their Lordships confirmed the clear delineation of the statutory penalty
recoverable as a criminal fine pursuant to the Malaysian Act, which included
the court’s coercive jurisdiction to imprison a defaulter, and the civil
claim, which was not barred by the conviction and was expressly preserved by s
30 of the Malaysian Act (the equivalent of our s 14). Lord Diplock said at
151:

The order [_ie_ , the statutory penalty of RM122,000] made in the criminal
proceedings does not affect the rights of the principal against the agent in
the civil proceedings. Section 30 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1961,
so provides.

7 Mahesan paid only RM13,000 of the penalty ordered to be paid to the
respondent. That order and part payment was not an issue that troubled the
Privy Council whose concern was whether or not in civil proceedings the
respondent’s claim for the amount of the bribe as well as damages for fraud
would result in double recovery against the dishonest agent. Here, counsel for
the plaintiff confirmed at the hearing of the appeal that the plaintiff was
not pursuing its common law claim for damages, having elected to only claim as
a civil debt the amount of bribes received by the defendant under s 14(1) of
the Act. By this election, no issue of double recovery by the plaintiff
subsists.

8 Section 13 of the Act provides as follows:

(1) Where a court convicts any person of an offence committed by the
acceptance of any gratification in contravention of any provision of this Act,
then, if that gratification is a sum of money or if the value of that
gratification can be assessed, the court shall, in addition to imposing on
that person any other punishment, order him to pay as a penalty, within such
time as may be specified in the order, a sum which is equal to the amount of
that gratification or is, in the opinion of the court, the value of that
gratification, and any such penalty shall be recoverable as a fine.

(2) Where a person charged with two or more offences for the acceptance of
gratification in contravention of this Act is convicted of one or some of
those offences, and the other outstanding offences are taken into
consideration by the court under section 178 of the Criminal Procedure Code
for the purpose of passing sentence, the court may increase the penalty
mentioned in subsection (1) by an amount not exceeding the total amount or
value of the gratification specified in the charges for the offences so taken
into consideration.

9 The intent of s 13 is to prevent corrupt wrongdoers from keeping or
benefiting from the spoils of their crimes (as to which see _Tan Kwang Joo v
PP_ [1989] SLR 496 at 498, [5]) but that does not mean that the defendant who
has disgorged an amount equal to the bribes to the State pursuant to the
penalty imposed on him is discharged from further liabilities in respect of
civil proceedings brought by his employer under s 14(1) to recover the bribes
as a civil debt. In my view, Mr Mahendran’s assertion of double payment as a
complete defence not only contradicts the clear language of s 14(1), it is
also misconceived in that the criminal proceedings are separate and distinct
from the civil proceedings which are based on a cause of action given by s
14(1). The plaintiff’s right against the defendant remained unfettered by the
conviction, which carried with it, apart from a jail term of ten months, a
penalty of $292,800. The penalty of $292,800 was recoverable as a fine and it
included the court’s coercive jurisdiction to imprison a defaulter. The
charges were criminal in nature and their existence as criminal charges was
dependent on the necessary condition of the statutory requirements being met.
The penalty was imposed to disgorge corruptly obtained gratification, which
the law would not have allowed him to retain. The penalty recoverable as a
fine is deterrent rather than compensatory in nature. Plainly, the civil
recovery process in s 14 is separate and distinct from the criminal process.
Notably, the taking of bribes is the wrongful conduct which is the foundation
of the action for a debt. As such, it is not dependent on any loss suffered by
the plaintiff. From this perspective, there can be no double payment.
Consequently, I was not persuaded by Mr Mahendran’s argument that the facts
gave rise to a double payment and that such an assertion of double payment
could translate into a valid defence to the claim.

10 In _Mahesan v Malaysian Housing Society_ ([4] _supra_), s 30 of the
Malaysian Act (_ie_ , our s 14) was considered and explained by Lord Diplock
at 153 in the following terms:

Subsection (1) which refers to the principal’s right to recover the amount of
the gratification as a civil debt either “from the agent or from the person
who gave the gratification to the agent” gives statutory recognition to the
right of the principal at common law to recover the amount of the bribe from
either the briber or the agent, as money had and received. Subsection (2) in
their Lordships’ view does no more than to preserve the right of the principal
to recover from the bribed agent as damages for fraud any loss, in excess of
the amount of the bribe, he has actually sustained in consequence of entering
into the transaction. In their Lordships’ view, the Federal Court was right in
its assumption that these statutory provisions do not affect what had
previously been the rights of the principal at common law.

11 In my judgment, the defendant remained liable to pay the plaintiff as his
principal (in this case his employer) in like amount the bribes received by
him as a civil debt, a cause of action given by s 14(1) which is separate and
independent of the penalty imposed under s 13 of the Act. _Mahesan v Malaysian
Housing Society_ was followed by the High Court in _Sumitomo Bank Ltd v
Kartika Ratna Thahir_ [1993] 1 SLR 735 and the Court of Appeal in _Kartika
Ratna Thahir v PT Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara_ [1994] 3 SLR 257.
Lai Kew Chai J in the High Court held at 793, [183]–[184] that:

The giving or taking of the bribe is the wrongful conduct which founds the
action. The bribee’s enrichment is at the expense of the principal, in the
sense that the bribe was obtained by virtue of his position as agent, servant
or partner of the principal. Damage is not the gist of the action; it
therefore matters not whether the principal has suffered any loss, or that the
principal could not have obtained for himself the money which the Defendant
received: see _Reading v The King_ [[1949] 2 KB 232].

In proceedings against the bribed agent, the principal is entitled to recover
from him the amount of the bribe. That was decided in _Mahesan v Malaysia
Housing Society_.

12  _PP v Teng Cheow Hing_ ([3] _supra_) cited by the defendant is
distinguishable. The case was strictly on s 13 and there was no discussion on
s 14 of the Act. The issue there was whether or not the sentencing court
should impose a penalty under s 13 if the gratification in the charge had
already been disgorged from the accused. The learned district judge held that
it was not right for the sentencing court to impose such a penalty where the
undisputed facts showed that the gratification in the charge had been earlier
disgorged.

13 For all these reasons, I allowed the appeal and entered final judgment in
the sum of $292,800 for the plaintiff with costs fixed at $15,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

