Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGCA 10

Case Number | : | Cr App 9/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Choo Han Teck J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chandra Mohan s/o K Nair (Tan Rajah & Cheah) and Patrick Tan Tse Chia (Patrick Tan & Associates) for the first appellant; N K Rajarh (N K Rajarh) and Thrumurgan s/o Ramapiram (Allister Lim & Thrumurgan) for the second appellant; Han Ming Kwang and Jason Chan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi; Okeke Nelson Malachy — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Appeal against
conviction on charge of conspiracy to import controlled drugs into Singapore
under s 7 read with s 12 Misuse of Drugs Act – Whether appellant intended
recipient of drugs – Sections 7, 12 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Appeal against
conviction on charge of importing controlled drugs into Singapore – Whether
appellant knowing he was importing drugs into Singapore – Sections 7, 18
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Abet" – Whether "abet" under s 12 Misuse of Drugs Act to
be given same meaning as "abet" under s 107 Penal Code – Section 12 Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), s 107 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

16 March 2006

Choo Han Teck J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 Three persons appeared to be involved in a plan to import 727.02g of
diamorphine into Singapore on 27 November 2004. All that was known of the
first man, who was subsequently charged and convicted, and appeared before us
as the first appellant, were from the findings of the trial judge. The factual
findings, inferences aside, were that the first appellant was 18 years old and
came from Nigeria. He left school at the age of 14 and played football for a
living in Nigeria and Senegal. After Senegal, he planned to go to Dubai from
Pakistan, but found himself stranded in Karachi, Pakistan. There, he
befriended the third person in the conspiracy, a man known only as Smith; and
it appeared that Smith helped the first appellant out of Pakistan through
Kabul in Afghanistan and it was intended that he enter Dubai from Kabul.
However, he was unable to enter Dubai. It also appeared that the first
appellant had told the court that he was planning to come to Singapore to play
football. No further personal account of the first appellant was noted,
although the trial judge found that “a considerable amount of time was spent
on many matters, for example, the bag from which the capsules were recovered
from, and the [first appellant’s] travels after leaving Nigeria up to his
arrival in Singapore” (see _PP v Iwuchukwu Amara Tochi_ [2005] SGHC 233 at
[37]). Hence, it was not known which football clubs he played for in Nigeria
and Senegal, and which he hoped to play for in Singapore (however, he had
testified that he had not made any arrangements with any club in Singapore but
had hoped to approach the football federation for assistance). At one point
after his arrest, the first appellant appeared to have said that his football
manager was Smith. These would not be information that directly connected the
first appellant to the offence of importing diamorphine into Singapore but
would serve as corroborative evidence of the facts he supplied in his defence.
It is not apparent from the judgment below where the first appellant came from
and when he landed at Changi Airport although the court found that he was due
to return to Dubai on 30 November.

2 The second person involved in the plan to import diamorphine into Singapore
was the second appellant, a 33-year-old Nigerian who was named in the charge
as “Okeke Nelson Malachy”. Part of his defence lay in rejecting the
Prosecution’s case that he was known to the first appellant and also to Smith
as “Marshal”. His account of himself was that he had come to Singapore to buy
a used car to be shipped to South Africa for his use. No other details of this
part were known or deemed relevant by the trial judge. The second appellant
maintained that he did not know the first appellant and Smith. Smith, it
transpired, was known only as a voice speaking through the mobile telephones
of the first and second appellants. The account of the arrests of the
appellants as found by the trial judge was as follows.

3 The first appellant was charged with the offence of importing a controlled
drug into Singapore under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). The offence was stated to be committed on 27 November 2004.
No time was specified. The trial judge found that the first appellant had
arrived in Singapore at 1.45pm. The first appellant made enquiries for a room
in the hotel at the transit area of the airport the following day. The time he
made the enquiry was not noted in the judgment below. However, the court found
that the supervisor at the booking station noted that the first appellant had
been in the transit area for more than 24 hours and that she (the supervisor)
duly notified the police in accordance with security procedures at the
airport. The first appellant was then told that the police would arrive
shortly to talk to him. He was found elsewhere in the transit area about 20
minutes later when the police arrived, and was taken back to the hotel. The
first appellant was searched there. One of the items carried by him was a dark
blue sling bag bearing the brand name “Converse”. The bag contained a red
container bearing the brand name “Maltesers”, a pair of gloves, and a pair of
shoes. 100 capsules were found inside the sling bag, as well as the Maltesers
container, the gloves, and the shoes. Each of the 100 capsules containing
diamorphine was found wrapped in layers of aluminium foil, plastic, and
adhesive tape. When questioned by the police, the first appellant at first
said that the capsules were chocolate, but when the question was repeated he
said that they were African herbs that tasted like chocolate. He said that
such herbs “gave strength” when eaten. He then swallowed a capsule, but that
was subsequently retrieved from the first appellant at the hospital. The
police suspected the content to be drugs when they cut open one of the
capsules. The Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) was then alerted and it took
over the investigation.

4 The first appellant told the CNB officers that Smith had made arrangements
for him (the first appellant) to bring the capsules into Singapore where he
was to deliver them to a person named “Marshal”. In return, Marshal would hand
him US$2,000. On the instructions of the CNB officers, the first appellant
contacted Smith three times that evening by telephone. It was established at
the trial that Smith’s number was registered as a telephone number in
Pakistan. A trap for the second appellant was set and sprung after Smith told
the first appellant that the second appellant was at the Coffee Bean café near
the hotel in the transit area. Marshal was described as a dark man of big
build, and when the second appellant who fit the description was spotted, he
was arrested and brought to the hotel where the first appellant was asked if
that was Marshal. The trial judge recorded that the first appellant “nodded in
affirmation”. Several items were seized from the second appellant, among them
a mobile telephone with the number 98657833. The Subscriber Identity Module
card, popularly known as the “SIM card”, from that telephone was found to
contain two identical messages sent from the same telephone number at which
the first appellant had called Smith earlier on, namely 923335216217. The
message read: “I have been expecting your call since what happen”. Two
incoming calls, with an outgoing call in-between, to the second appellant’s
telephone from the telephone bearing Smith’s telephone number were also traced
to have been made at 10:58:43pm, 11:14:19pm and 11:17:37pm. A separate SIM
card taken from the second appellant was found to contain an abbreviated
dialling name, “Dogo”, which the first appellant said meant “tall” and was a
reference to Smith. A small telephone book also taken from the second
appellant had the entries “M.N.” and “012585312” next to the words, “Name” and
“Tel:” respectively. Finally, a laundry receipt dated 10 September 2004 from a
laundry in Bangkok, Thailand, was also taken from the second appellant. And on
the receipt was written “Marshal” and “012585312” next to the words, “Name”
and “Tel:” respectively. The second appellant was charged with an offence
under s 7 read with s 12 of the Act in engaging with the first appellant and
Smith in a conspiracy to import 100 capsules of diamorphine into Singapore.
Section 12 provides that any person involved in the abetment of any offence
under the Act shall be guilty of that offence and be liable on conviction to
the punishment provided for that offence.

5 The evidence that the first appellant was in possession of a bag containing
drugs was not disputed. The evidence showed in detail the possession of the
bag by the first appellant until the CNB officers took it from him after the
police had detained him. Under s 18(1) of the Act, the first appellant was
presumed to have the drugs in his possession. Under s 18(2) of the Act, the
first appellant was presumed to know the nature of the drugs in his
possession. The burden thus shifted to him to persuade the court on a balance
of probabilities that he did not know that he was carrying drugs or that what
he was carrying were drugs. The first appellant’s defence was that he did not
know that the capsules contained drugs. His explanation was that in his
meeting with Smith, a person he described as not a wealthy man, he was asked
by him to deliver the capsules to the second appellant who would then pay him
US$2,000 for the delivery. It was apparent to us that the trial judge did not
accept that the first appellant had rebutted the presumption of possession
against him. We saw no reason to interfere with that decision. The court could
have chosen to believe the first appellant but the inferential evidence
supported the judge’s rejection of the first appellant’s story. In one
instance, the first appellant had said that he was carrying chocolate but
amended his answer, when the question was repeated, to say that he was
carrying an African herb that tasted like chocolate. Furthermore, while we did
not have the opportunity to assess the credibility of the first appellant, the
trial judge had. The court below was better placed to determine whether the
accused before it was one who could have believed that the 100 capsules of
chocolate cost US$2,000 – that worked out mathematically to US$20 a capsule of
“chocolate”. The trial judge apparently did not, and we had no reason to
disagree with that conclusion. Finally, the first appellant gave differing
statements to the CNB after his arrest. It is not necessary to recite all the
discrepancies and contradictions here as the trial judge had set them out in
his grounds of decision. One would suffice. In the first statement, he had
claimed that the drugs were not in his possession but were in a white plastic
bag brought in by the police and were not in the white plastic bag that the
police found in his possession. In his third statement, the first appellant
stated that Smith had given him a plastic bag containing chocolates and
sweets.

6 The presumption of knowledge was therefore not rebutted, and all that
remained was to determine whether the act of importing the drugs was proved.
However, a statement in the trial judge’s grounds requires clarification. At
para 48, the trial judge stated, in what appeared to us as an emphasis to his
rejection of the first appellant’s evidence:

I found he had wilfully turned a blind eye on the contents of the capsules
because he was tempted by the US$2000, which was a large sum to him. …
Consequently, even if he may not have actual knowledge that he was carrying
diamorphine, _his ignorance did not exculpate him_ … [emphasis added].

That passage creates an impression that there is a legal duty not to “turn a
blind eye”. It would thus create a wrong assumption that there was some sort
of positive legal duty, meaning that the first appellant was bound in law to
inspect and determine what he was carrying, and that consequentially, if he
did not do so, he would be found liable _on account of that failure or
omission_. The Act does not prescribe any such duty. All that the Act does
(under s 18), is to provide the presumptions of possession and knowledge, and
thus the duty of rebutting the presumptions lay with the accused. There could
be various reasons why a court might not believe the accused person, or find
that he had not rebutted the presumptions. The fact that he made no attempt to
check what he was carrying could be one such reason. Whether the court would
believe a denial of knowledge of the articles in the accused person’s
possession (made with or without explanation or reasons) would depend on the
circumstances of the individual case. The trial judge then referred to _Yeo
Choon Huat v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 217 at [22]:

[I]gnorance is a defence only when there is no reason for suspicion and no
right and opportunity of examination …

The above passage, however, was from the judgment in _Ubaka v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR
267 and cited with approval by both the minority judgment in _PP v Hla Win_
[1995] 2 SLR 424, as well as in the unanimous judgment in _Yeo Choon Huat v
PP_. It is also pertinent that the same coram sat in both cases (_Yeo Choon
Huat v PP_ and _PP v Hla Win_). It will be gleaned from these cases that the
true principle is that, ultimately, a failure to inspect may strongly
disincline a court from believing an “absence of knowledge” defence.
Therefore, to say, as in this case, that the first appellant thought it was
chocolates was another way of saying he did not know that he was carrying
drugs. Given the evidence, including the evidence that the first appellant did
not inspect the articles when he could have done so (the turning of the blind
eye), the court was entitled to find that the presumption had not been
rebutted.

7 The next issue was whether an act of importing the drugs within the meaning
of s 7 of the Act had been proved. There is no special definition of the words
in s 7 which are clear and obvious: “Except as authorised by this Act, it
shall be an offence for a person to import into or export from Singapore a
controlled drug.” The evidence that was not disputed, and in our view,
adequately proved, was that the first appellant had entered Singapore at the
Changi International Airport with the sling bag and had not left the transit
area of the airport from the time he arrived until he was arrested. There was
no dispute that bringing the bag (and thus the drugs) into Singapore was an
act of importing the drugs within the meaning of s 7. The first appellant
proceeded with his defence on the basis that he came into Singapore with the
bag containing the drugs. The trial judge thus had no difficulty finding that
the act of importing the drugs was proved beyond reasonable doubt and
accordingly, found the first appellant guilty as charged and convicted him.

8 The Prosecution’s case against the second appellant was based on s 12 of the
Act which creates the offence of abetment. Unlike the abetment provision in s
107 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), s 12 of the Act does not provide
any specific definition of abetment. It merely states that:

Any person who abets the commission of or who attempts to commit or does any
act preparatory to, or in furtherance of, the commission of any offence under
this Act shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable on conviction to
the punishment provided for that offence.

Abetment under the Penal Code is defined to include instigation, conspiracy,
and aiding in the following terms:

A person abets the doing of a thing who —

(_a_) instigates any person to do that thing;

(_b_) engages with one or more person or persons in any conspiracy for the
doing of that thing, if an act or illegal omission takes place in pursuance of
that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing; or

(_c_) intentionally aids, by any act or illegal omission, the doing of that
thing.

However, the word “abetment” in its ordinary sense and usage includes
instigation, conspiracy, and aiding. Thus, we are of the view that the penal
provision in the Act must be given the same meaning as that in the Penal Code.
It would be more precise if the word “conspiracy” in the charge against the
second appellant was replaced by “abetment” in conformity with the word used
in s 12 of the Act. In the event, it made no material difference to the
defence. The trial judge had not only found sufficient evidence connecting the
second appellant to Smith and the first appellant, he had also found that the
second appellant was connected with the name “Marshal”. He disbelieved the
second appellant’s evidence that the initials “M.N.” written on the telephone
book in his possession stood for “Malachy Nelson”, his name; or that the
“Marshal” written on his laundry receipt referred to one “Joseph Marshal”. The
court was satisfied “beyond a reasonable doubt that there was an arrangement
between Smith and the two [appellants] for the second [appellant] to come to
Singapore to collect the capsules from the first [appellant]” (at [61]).
Accordingly, the second appellant was also convicted as charged. We were
satisfied that on the evidence as found by the trial judge, including his
rejection of the second appellant’s explanations, the court was entitled to
find that there was no reasonable doubt that the second appellant was engaged
in a conspiracy with the first appellant and Smith as charged.

9 The appeals before us were entirely against findings of fact. The law
presumes that a person caught in possession of prohibited drugs knows that he
is in possession of such drugs, with the burden of rebutting that presumption
on the person charged – what Lord Pearce would describe as “an improvement of
a difficult position”: see _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1969]
2 AC 256 at 307. Rebutting the statutory presumption is a matter of fact, and
is no different from any other fact-finding exercise save that the law
requires that a person rebutting a statutory presumption does so on a balance
of probabilities. It is not sufficient for him merely to raise a reasonable
doubt. In the present instance, the first appellant testified that he thought
that he was carrying chocolates, later correcting his evidence to African
herbs (that tasted like chocolate). This brought his case within the kind
discussed in _Shan Kai Weng v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 57, _Tan Ah Tee v PP_
[1978–1979] SLR 211, and the statement from _Ubaka v PP_ cited in all the
cases above as well as by the trial judge in the present case: “[I]gnorance is
a defence only when there is no reason for suspicion and no right and
opportunity of examination …”. It was sufficiently clear to us, from the trial
judge’s grounds of decision, that the court did not believe the explanation of
the first appellant, and was thus not persuaded that he had rebutted the
statutory presumption. It was a finding that the court was entitled to make on
the totality of the evidence before it. The trial judge did not need to refer
to thinly speculative evidence so long as it appeared clear that he had taken
all the relevant and material evidence into account in making his finding.

10 For the reasons above, we dismissed both appeals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

