Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Thor Beng Huat  
[2006] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | OS 1155/2006, SUM 2575/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Lit Cheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the Public Prosecutor; Spencer Gwee (Spencer Gwee & Co) and Kertar Singh (Kertar & Co) for the respondent/applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – High court – Whether court having jurisdiction to
make restraint orders prior to conviction – Whether sufficient grounds
existing to discharge such orders – Sections 15(2)(a), 16 Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed)  
  

22 September 2006

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by Thor Beng Huat to discharge the orders of the
High Court made previously under ss 16 and 17 of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A,
2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Pursuant to those orders the applicant was enjoined
from disposing of various assets set out in Originating Summons 1155 of 2006.
These assets included a Porsche 911T motor car (“the Porsche”), the balance of
proceeds of the sale of a Maserati QP motor car (“the Maserati”), amounting to
$59,015.79, the balance of proceeds of the sale of a Lamborghini motor car
(“the Lamborghini”) amounting to $234,135.77, as well as money in various
accounts with the United Overseas Bank.

2 The injunction order was made _ex parte_ by Kan Ting Chiu J on 19 June 2006.
Prior to that, similar orders were made by Tan Lee Meng J on 19 September 2005
and Belinda Ang Saw Ean J on 16 December 2005. These orders were, by virtue of
s 15(4) of the Act, discharged after three months. Hence, on 20 March 2006,
the Public Prosecutor obtained a further extension from Tan J. The application
before Kan J was to extend the orders of Tan J for another three months.

3 Mr Gwee appeared on behalf of the applicant and submitted that this was the
first case in which a restraining order had been made before conviction. I am
not aware whether it is indeed so, but I am not concerned with that. In order
to succeed, the applicant needed to persuade me that there was no jurisdiction
to grant such orders. Sections 15 and 16 of the Act provide as follows:

**Cases in which restraint orders and charging orders may be made**

**15.** —(1) The powers conferred on the High Court by section 16(1) to make a
restraint order and by section 17(1) to make a charging order are exercisable
where —

(_a_) proceedings have been instituted against the defendant for a drug
trafficking offence or a serious offence, as the case may be;

(_b_) the proceedings have not been concluded; and

(_c_) the Court is satisfied that there is reasonable cause to believe that
benefits have been derived by the defendant from drug trafficking or from
criminal conduct, as the case may be.

(2) Those powers are also exercisable where the High Court is satisfied —

(_a_) that a person has been officially informed under section 122(6) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap. 68) that he may be prosecuted for a drug
trafficking offence or a serious offence, as the case may be; or

(_b_) that investigation for a drug trafficking offence or a serious offence,
as the case may be, having been commenced against a person, he dies or cannot
be found or is outside the jurisdiction,

and that there is reasonable cause to believe that benefits have been derived
by that person from drug trafficking or from criminal conduct, as the case may
be.

(3) For the purposes of sections 16 and 17, at any time when those powers are
exercisable before proceedings have been instituted —

(_a_) references in this Act to the defendant shall be construed as references
to the person referred to in subsection (2); and

(_b_) references in this Act to realisable property shall be construed as if,
immediately before that time, proceedings had been instituted against the
person referred to in subsection (2) for a drug trafficking offence or a
serious offence, as the case may be.

(4) Where the High Court has made an order under section 16(1) or 17(1) by
virtue of subsection (2), the Court shall discharge the order if the proposed
proceedings are not instituted within such time as the Court considers
reasonable and which shall not in any event exceed a period of 3 months.

**Restraint orders**

**16.** —(1) The High Court may make a restraint order to prohibit any person
from dealing with any realisable property, subject to such conditions and
exceptions as may be specified in the order.

(2) A restraint order may apply —

(_a_) to all realisable property held by a specified person, whether the
property is described in the order or not; and

(_b_) to all realisable property held by a specified person, being property
transferred to him after the making of the order.

(3) This section shall not have effect in relation to any property for the
time being subject to a charge under section 17.

(4) A restraint order —

(_a_) may be made only on an application by the Public Prosecutor;

(_b_) may be made on an ex parte application to a Judge in chambers; and

(_c_) shall provide for notice to be given to persons affected by the order.

(5) A restraint order —

(_a_) may be discharged or varied in relation to any property; and

(_b_) shall be discharged when proceedings for the drug trafficking offence or
serious offence, as the case may be, are concluded.

(6) Where the High Court has made a restraint order, the Court may at any time
appoint the Public Trustee or any person as receiver —

(_a_) to take possession of any realisable property; and

(_b_) in accordance with the directions of the Court, to manage or otherwise
deal with any property in respect of which he is appointed,

subject to such exceptions and conditions as may be specified by the Court;
and may require any person having possession of property in respect of which
the receiver is appointed under this section to give possession of it to the
Public Trustee or such receiver.

(7) For the purposes of this section, dealing with property held by any person
includes (without prejudice to the generality of the expression) —

(_a_) where a debt is owed to that person, making a payment to any person in
reduction of the amount of the debt; and

(_b_) removing the property from Singapore.

(8) Where the High Court has made a restraint order, an authorised officer
may, for the purpose of preventing any realisable property being removed from
Singapore, seize the property.

(9) Property seized under subsection (8) shall be dealt with in accordance
with the directions of the High Court.

4 On a plain reading of the above provisions, I am satisfied that the court
has jurisdiction to make such orders prior to conviction. Section 15(2)(_a_)
of the Act applied directly to the undisputed facts of this case.
Investigations had commenced against the applicant and he was outside the
jurisdiction. Upon his return to jurisdiction on 11 March 2006, he was
officially informed (under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed)) that he could be prosecuted for an offence under s 408 read with
s 109 of the Penal Code, (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which is a “serious offence”
as defined in the Second Schedule of the Act.

5 Mr Gwee submitted that the applicant has returned to the jurisdiction to
face any investigation or charge against him. The main thrust of his argument
was that the assets belonged to the applicant legitimately and were not from
any illegal activities. It was not disputed that the applicant is a brother-
in-law of Ng Teck Lee (“Ng”), the chief executive officer of Citiraya
Industrial Limited. Ng and his wife, Thor Chwee Hwa, the sister of the
applicant, were being investigated for misappropriating computer chips and
receiving a sum of about US$50m from the sale of those chips. Some of this
money was deposited or transferred from Ng’s account to his wife’s account.
The investigators believed that some of the money was also transferred to the
applicant. All this was denied by the applicant. He claimed that all the
assets were legitimately his.

6 The applicant’s income tax returns showed that his annual income in 1998 was
only $36,536. This rose to $600,017.92 in 2004. More significant than the
spectacular rise in annual income is the fact that in 12 months beginning 7
February 2004, he purchased three luxury cars that cost more than his annual
income. The Porsche was purchased for $720,000, the Maserati for $360,000 and
the Lamborghini for $1.1m. Although they were bought on hire purchase, the
purchases were well beyond his stated income.

7 The applicant claimed that he had legitimate business interests in China
that enabled him to lead the ostensibly extravagant lifestyle. There was no
credible evidence to support this contention. I am thus of the view that there
were reasonable grounds for Kan J to have made the orders on the Public
Prosecutor’s _ex parte_ application, and am not persuaded that there were
sufficient grounds to discharge the orders.

8 Mr Gwee also complained that the police had taken an inordinately long time
and had not charged the applicant. Ms Lee for the Public Prosecutor submitted
that the applicant had just returned and the police needed time to verify his
statement. In the circumstances, I was of the view that it was premature to
discharge the orders on that ground as well. The application was accordingly
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

