Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Siti Hajar bte Abdullah v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 24

Case Number | : | MA 118/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellant in person; Lee Lit Cheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Siti Hajar bte Abdullah — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Disqualification order –
Accused permitting use of car without valid third-party insurance – Whether
any "special reasons" warranting exemption from mandatory disqualification –
Section 3(3) Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks & Compensation) Act (Cap 189,
2000 Rev Ed)  
  

14 February 2006

Yong Pung How CJ:

1  This was an appeal against sentence, in particular, a disqualification
order imposed for violating the requirement of third-party risks insurance
under the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks & Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000
Rev Ed) (“the MVA”). The appellant, a 23-year-old female, was the registered
owner of an “off-peak” car SFJ 9025 X (“the car”) at all material times. The
relevant charge against the appellant read:

That you, on 27.10.2004, at about 4.50pm at Jalan Anak Bukit Slip Road into
Pan- Island Expressway, did permit the use of the motor car no. SFJ 9025 X
when there was not in force in relation to the user of the said vehicle such a
policy of insurance in respect of third party risks as complies with the
requirement of the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks & Compensation) Act,
Chapter 189 and you have thereby committed an offence under section 3(1) and
punishable under section 3(2) of the said Act, Chapter 189.

The appellant pleaded guilty and was sentenced by the district judge to a $400
fine, with two days’ imprisonment in default, and to one year’s
disqualification from driving all classes of vehicles (“the disqualification
order”). The appellant also pleaded guilty to and was convicted of two other
charges of allowing her “off-peak” car to be driven without a valid
supplementary licence and allowing a person without a licence to drive her
car.

2 In the present appeal, the appellant sought a reduction of the period of
disqualification. Her contentions were directed solely against the
disqualification order; none of the other sentences were in dispute before
this court. After examining the evidence before me, I dismissed the appeal and
now give my reasons in writing.

**The facts**

3 The offences here arose from the use of the car by the appellant’s cousin,
one Muhammad Yazid bin Ahmad Mashon (“Yazid”), on 27 October 2004. On that
day, Yazid was stopped for a routine check by the complainant, one Station
Inspector Sim Thiam Hee (“Sim”), an officer with the Land Transport Authority.
Sim discovered that the supplementary licence for the car was not valid as the
relevant month and day tabs had been torn and folded back instead of being
completely torn out as they were supposed to be. Further investigation also
revealed that Yazid’s usage of the car was not covered by any insurance policy
because he did not have a valid driving licence.

4 Under the MVA, the sentencing regime for motor vehicle insurance offences is
premised on the concept of mandatory disqualification tempered with judicial
discretion to grant exemptions. Section 3(1) of the MVA prohibits any person
from using or permitting another person to use a motor vehicle if such usage
is not covered by third-party risks insurance. Section 3(3) of the MVA further
prescribes that a person convicted of such an offence “ _shall_ _…_ be
disqualified” from holding or obtaining a driving licence for a _minimum
period of 12 months_ from the date of the conviction “unless the court for
_special reasons_ thinks fit to order otherwise” [emphases added]. The effect
of s 3(3) is that an accused convicted under s 3(1) of the MVA will
automatically be disqualified from driving unless there are “special reasons”
to order otherwise.

5 In her written mitigation plea to the district judge, the appellant stated
that her omissions to ensure that Yazid had a valid licence and that there was
a valid supplementary licence were due in part to the fact that she was unwell
when the incident took place. On the day of the offence, she had been in
school taking an examination. As her “cramps were coming again” and she had
started vomiting, she called Yazid after her examination and asked him to come
and drive her home. The appellant expressed her remorse and pleaded for the
district judge to show leniency because she was a first-time offender and
needed her licence to drive her elderly grandparents to prayers on evenings
and weekends.

6 According to the district judge, disqualification was mandatory as there
were no “special reasons” under s 3(3) of the MVA: _PP v Siti Hajar bte
Abdullah_ [2005] SGDC 220 at [12] – [15]. The fact that the appellant was
unwell when the offence was committed was not a “special reason” since she
could have taken other modes of transport or sought the assistance of someone
with a valid driving licence. In addition, the appellant’s responsibilities to
ferry her grandparents constituted “circumstance[s] peculiar to the offender”,
which, according to case law, could not amount to “special reasons” falling
within the exception. Though disqualification was mandatory, in light of the
above facts, the district judge was of the view (at [12]) that
disqualification for the mandatory _minimum_ period of 12 months was
appropriate.

**The appeal**

7 The central issue arising here was whether the appellant had established the
existence of “special reasons” within the meaning of s 3(3) of the MVA so as
to dispense with the prescribed mandatory disqualification. It is trite law
that a “special reason” within the meaning of s 3(3) of the MVA is a
“mitigating or extenuating circumstance, not amounting in law to a defence to
the charge, yet directly connected with the commission of the offence, … which
the court ought properly to take into consideration when imposing punishment”:
_Whittall v Kirby_ [1947] 1 KB 194 (“ _Whittall_ ”) at 201, affirmed locally
in _MV Balakrishnan v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 586 at [6] and [13].

8 The test for “special reasons” is a stringent one and is only satisfied in
exceptional circumstances. The MVA must be construed strictly in order to
preserve its policy of protecting road users: _Chua Chye Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1
SLR 22 (“ _Chua Chye Tiong_ ”) at [53]. A less restrictive approach would
render the legislative stipulation of mandatory disqualification nugatory and
defeat its underlying objectives. In _Stewart Ashley James v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR
426 at 429, [17], this court held that:

Section 3(2) [the present s 3(3) of the MVA] is primarily concerned with
ensuring that persons using the roads take adequate steps to ensure that
compensation would be available to persons involved in accidents with them. _A
contravention of s 3(1) is a serious offence. … [I]t is clear that a strict
prophylactic approach is necessary to ensure that there is adequate provision
for compensation_. [emphasis added]

In the final analysis, due regard should be accorded to the fact that the
discretion conferred on the courts to grant relief from disqualification is a
limited one: _Re Kanapathipillai_ [1960] MLJ 243 (“ _Kanapathipillai_ ”) at
243.

9 Before this court, the appellant presented a number of reasons which, in her
view, warranted a reduction of the period of disqualification imposed by the
district judge. After hearing the appellant, it was my view that none of these
reasons amounted to “special reasons” within the meaning of the MVA. The
overarching approach delineated above, as applied to the present facts,
unequivocally mandated the imposition of the disqualification order. The
purported justifications forwarded by the appellant were facts characteristic
of many offences under s 3(1) of the MVA. To allow these unexceptional
circumstances to displace the application of s 3(3) would severely handicap
the efficacy of the mandatory disqualification regime in deterring would-be
offenders of the MVA.

**The appellant’s need for medical attention**

10 The first ground advanced by the appellant was the purported fact that she
had been unwell on the day the offence took place and that asking Yazid to
drive her was the only feasible means of getting to a doctor. According to the
appellant, taking the bus was “not an option” as she was “barely sober” and
thus required the assistance of someone to fetch her to the doctor. In
addition, she knew from previous experience that it would have been extremely
difficult to hail a taxi at that time. Finally, she was unable to seek
assistance from her fellow course mates taking the examination since they were
still in the examination hall, the appellant having left the examination early
due to her illness. The rest of the school was almost vacant as it was the
school holidays and the examination period.

11 In my view, the factual matrix depicted by the appellant was insufficiently
pressing to amount to a “special reason” under s 3(3) of the MVA. In _PP v
Mohd Isa_ [1963] MLJ 135 (“ _Mohd Isa_ ”) at 136, Thomson CJ gave, as an
example of a “special reason”, a situation where “it is _urgently necessary_
to take a sick person to hospital and the _only conveyance available_ is a
motor vehicle whose insurance has happened to run out” [emphasis added]. The
present facts fell short of such a scenario on two counts.

12 First, the appellant did not produce a scintilla of evidence to support her
need for _immediate_ medical assistance; she did not adduce any medical
certificates or doctors’ reports to prove the severity of the affliction she
was suffering from on the date of the offence. Without any details of her
condition, it was impossible for me to determine if she indeed required
medical attention urgently.

13 Second, and more importantly, as was rightly observed by the learned
district judge, the appellant had not shown that she did not have any other
viable modes of transport to bring her to a doctor. An emergency cannot be a
“special reason” under s 3(3) of the MVA unless the _only_ reasonable option
was to use a vehicle without valid third-party risks insurance. In _Sivakumar
s/o Rajoo v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 73 (“ _Sivakumar_ ”) at [17], this court held:

Before an emergency is capable of amounting to a special reason under law, a
_crucial prerequisite_ is for the offender to show that there was _no
alternative_ but for him to drive, and that he had _explored_ _every
reasonable alternative_ before driving. [emphasis added]

Though _Sivakumar_ was a drink-driving case involving the breach of traffic
regulations under the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the RTA”), the
above _dictum_ is equally relevant to motor vehicle insurance violations. As
rightly observed in _Whittall_ ([7] _supra_) at 202 in relation to the English
equivalents of the MVA and the RTA, the same considerations apply under both
regimes when determining whether there are “special reasons” not to impose
disqualification.

14 The appellant’s explanations regarding the impracticality of alternative
means of transportation were unconvincing. To begin with, whilst traffic
conditions may have made it difficult to _hail_ a taxi at that time, she could
easily have _called_ for one. It appeared from the Petition of Appeal that the
appellant would have required the taxi at 4.30pm on the relevant day. This
would have been before the office peak hour and it was therefore unlikely that
she would have encountered any problems in booking a taxi. There was nothing
to suggest that the appellant even attempted to do so before deciding to call
Yazid.

15 Further, the appellant’s assertion that the school was “almost vacant” was
not, in itself, sufficient to justify her decision to enlist Yazid’s
assistance. As evidenced by the appellant’s Written Submission tendered to
this court during the hearing, her decision not to seek assistance from one of
the few students that was present stemmed from her reluctance to “trust a
stranger to drive [her] car”. Further, even though the appellant was unable to
turn to her course mates who were still taking the examination, she could
easily have approached the invigilators present.

16 These considerations convinced me that the appellant’s need for medical
assistance at the time of the offence did not qualify as a “special reason”
excusing her from disqualification under s 3(3) of the MVA. Even if the
appellant did in fact require immediate medical attention, this did not give
her a _carte blanche_ to indiscriminately select the means of getting to a
doctor. In the circumstances, she made the inexcusable error of seeking
assistance from Yazid when she had other reasonable options at her disposal.

**The mistaken belief that Yazid had a licence**

17 The second ground upon which the appellant sought to base her appeal was
her mistaken impression that Yazid had a valid licence, and therefore that he
was covered by an existing insurance policy. In this regard, the appellant
advanced two conflicting versions of events before this court to support her
plea of ignorance. In her Petition of Appeal, she claimed that she recalled
that Yazid had a valid licence and relied on the fact that Yazid neither
declined her request to come and fetch her, nor declared that he _did not
have_ a valid licence when so requested. In contrast, in her written statement
subsequently tendered to this court during the hearing of the appeal, the
appellant alleged that she had in fact asked Yazid and received his
confirmation that he _had_ a valid licence before allowing him to drive her
car.

18 I found the appellant’s shift in position to be wholly unconvincing. If
Yazid had indeed positively affirmed that he had a valid licence, it was
wholly untenable that the appellant would have omitted to mention it until
such a late stage in the proceedings. Further, the appellant’s earlier version
of events forwarded in the Petition of Appeal, which centred on Yazid’s
_omission_ to mention his lack of a licence, rather than on his _express
confirmation_ that he had such a licence, was irreconcilable with her
subsequent narration during the hearing before me. I therefore found the
appellant’s sudden allegation that she took _positive_ steps to ascertain that
Yazid had a valid licence to be no more than a last-ditch attempt at _ex post
facto_ justification to avoid the consequences dictated by the MVA.
Accordingly, this appeal fell to be treated on the basis that the appellant’s
version of events stated in the Petition of Appeal, _ie_ , that she had relied
on the fact that Yazid had not declined her request nor declared that he did
not have a valid licence, was the accurate one.

19 In light of the jurisprudence in this area, I was of the considered opinion
that this reason was not a “special reason” justifying non-imposition of
disqualification. An accused person’s mistaken belief that the car was validly
insured can only be a “special reason” if it was _both_ innocent as well as
based on reasonable grounds: _Sriekaran s/o Thanka Samy v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 402
(“ _Sriekaran_ ”) at [3]. For instance, in _Knowler v Rennison_ [1947] 1 KB
488 (“ _Knowler_ ”), the accused was convicted under the English equivalent of
s 3(1) of the MVA for letting his friend drive his motorcycle without valid
third-party risks insurance coverage. Lord Goddard CJ held (at 495) that the
accused’s belief that his friend had an effective policy in force was not a
“special reason” since the accused “never even asked [his friend] the
question”.

20 The appellant adduced no evidence to support the reasonableness of her
belief that Yazid had a valid licence and therefore the requisite insurance
coverage. In fact, her belief could hardly be said to be reasonable since it
stemmed from her omission to seek Yazid’s confirmation that he had a licence,
though it would have required minimal effort to do so. This precluded her
mistaken belief, albeit an innocent one, from being a “special reason” not to
impose the mandatory disqualification order. A less discerning approach would
be “an abuse of the legislature’s leniency accorded to cases where genuine
special reasons exist”: _Sriekaran_ ([19] _supra_) at [4].

**The appellant’s need to hold a driving licence**

21 The third and final ground which the appellant relied upon to justify
exemption from disqualification was her need to ferry her elderly grandparents
for religious and medical purposes. It is trite law that a “special reason”
under s 3(3) of the MVA must be one which relates to the commission of the
offence and not to the circumstance of the offender: see, _eg_ ,
_Kanapathipillai_ ([8] _supra_) at 243; _Chua Chye Tiong_ ([8] _supra_) at
[59]. The appellant’s need to hold a driving licence so that she could
chauffeur her grandparents clearly fell within the latter category of being a
circumstance referable to her particular situation and it therefore could not
constitute a “special reason”.

22 In her Petition of Appeal, the appellant referred to the inconvenience and
expense that the disqualification order had caused her thus far. It is clear
from the authorities that the fact that disqualification is likely to cause
hardship, whether financial or otherwise, is insufficient to dispense with
mandatory disqualification: _Knowler_ ([19] _supra_) at 496, affirmed in _Re
Muniandy_ [1954] MLJ 168. For instance, the fact that an accused would be
deprived of his livelihood by the disqualification order is not a “special
reason”: _Chua Chye Tiong_ ([8] _supra_) at [63]. This reasoning applies _a
fortiori_ to the appellant, who, far from being deprived of her livelihood,
would only be inconvenienced and subject to greater expense by having to ferry
her grandparents via taxi.

23 The case of _Mohd Isa_ ([11] _supra_) was instructive in this respect. It
was held there (at 136) that the fact that the offender was a poor man who
needed his motorcycle to get to work was not a “special reason” justifying
exemption from mandatory disqualification. In a similar vein, the hardship
experienced by the appellant in having to find alternative modes of transport
to ferry her grandparents, whilst unfortunate, was insufficient to qualify as
a “special reason” under s 3(3) of the MVA.

**Conclusion**

24 In light of the foregoing, I found that the appellant had not shown any
“special reasons” within the meaning of s 3(3) of the MVA. Accordingly, a
minimum period of one year’s disqualification was mandatory under the MVA. As
the duration of disqualification imposed by the district judge was already the
mandatory minimum period, the appeal for a reduction in the period of
disqualification was therefore devoid of merit. To permit the present factors
to have the wholly exculpatory effect of exempting the appellant from
disqualification would render illusory the mandatory nature of s 3(3) of the
MVA. I accordingly upheld the disqualification order and dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

