Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man  
[2006] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | CA 111/2005, NM 122/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Por and Krishnasamy Siva Sambo (Tan Lee & Partners) for the appellant; Irving Choh and Melvin Lum (Rajah & Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd — Lau Yu Man   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Interlocutory judgment entered
following non-compliance with order to serve affidavit by deadline –
Application to set aside default judgment successful after judge denying
application hearing further arguments – Whether initial order by judge denying
application to set aside default judgment final order – Whether judge making
initial order precluded from hearing further arguments – Whether order setting
aside default judgment unconditionally – Whether appeal against such order
precluded by s 34(1)(a) Supreme Court of Judicature Act – Section 34(1)(a)
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

21 March 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an application by the respondent in Civil Appeal No 111 of 2005,
(“the appeal”) by way of motion, to strike out the notice of appeal filed by
the appellant on the ground that under s 34(1)(_a_) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”) the decision of the judge
is non-appealable.

**The background**

2 We shall first set out briefly the facts which led to the filing of the
present motion. By way of Suit No 642 of 2001, the appellant claimed against
the respondent, who, at all material times, was a director of the appellant,
for breach of his duties as a director of the appellant, namely, to act
diligently and _bona fide_ in the interest of the appellant.

3 Matters came to a head in the action when the respondent failed to file the
necessary affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) by 10 June 2005 as ordered
by the senior assistant registrar. As a result, on 13 June 2005, the appellant
applied by way of summons in chambers, Summons in Chambers No 2391 of 2005
(“SIC 2391/2005”), requiring the respondent to file its AEICs by a specified
date, failing which the amended defence filed by the respondent in the action
would be struck out “without further attendance or order”. On the day on which
the parties were to attend before the assistant registrar in relation to SIC
2391/2005, counsel for the parties had a private discussion before appearing
before the assistant registrar where they agreed to set the deadline of 21
June 2005 for the filing of AEICs. The orders which the assistant registrar
made were, _inter alia_ , as follows:

3\. the [respondent] file and serve [its] Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief by
Tuesday, 21 June 2005, failing which Judgment will be entered in the matter
for the [appellant].

4\. the [appellant] file and serve [its] fourth Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief
by Tuesday, 21 June 2005.

4 While the respondent filed its two affidavits in question within time on 21
June 2005, it only served them on the appellant the next day. As a result,
interlocutory judgment was entered in favour of the appellant, with damages to
be assessed. Upon the respondent’s application to have the interlocutory
judgment entered set aside, Assistant Registrar Yeong Zee Kin (“AR Yeong”)
refused it on 29 June 2005. Upon the respondent’s appeal against AR Yeong’s
decision, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) (“the judge”), on 15
July 2005, dismissed the appeal. On 22 July 2005, the respondent wrote in to
the judge to request for further arguments. The judge acceded to the request.
On 23 September 2005, after hearing further arguments, the judge ordered that
the interlocutory judgment be set aside unconditionally and that the action be
restored for trial. Being dissatisfied with this decision of the judge, the
appellant filed the present appeal on 21 October 2005, having complied with s
34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA by requesting for further arguments.

5 We ought to add that even before the appellant filed the notice of appeal,
the respondent had notified the former that the former was precluded from
appealing further in view of s 34(1)(_a_) of the SCJA which provides that no
appeal may be brought to the Court of Appeal where a judge makes an order
setting aside unconditionally a default judgment.

**Issues raised by the motion**

6 To resist the motion to strike out the notice of appeal, the appellant
raises two main grounds for the consideration of this court. The first is
whether the order made by the judge on 15 July 2005 was in the nature of an
interlocutory or a final order. The effect of this argument is that if the
order is in truth a final order, it follows that the judge would be precluded
from hearing further arguments because by the time further arguments were
requested on 22 July 2005, the order had been perfected. This would further
mean that the order of 15 July 2005 would stand. The second issue is whether
the order made on 23 September 2005 was an order setting aside unconditionally
a default judgment. Either of these grounds will defeat the motion.

**Final or interlocutory**

7 We will examine the two issues in turn. The answer to the question as to
whether an order is interlocutory or final is significant because it has
implications as regards the nature of the rights of the parties to appeal
further to the Court of Appeal. Section 34(1)(_c_) of the SCJA provides:

No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

(c) subject to any other provision in this section, where a Judge makes an
interlocutory order in chambers unless the Judge has certified, on application
within 7 days after the making of the order by any party for further argument
in court, that he requires no further argument;

8 This provision in its present form, was introduced by an amendment Act in
1993. However, this is not to say that its contents were entirely new. Its
equivalent previously was s 34(2) of the 1970 Rev Ed, and it read:

No appeal shall lie from an interlocutory order made by a Judge in chambers
unless the Judge has certified, after application, within four days after the
making of such order by any party for further argument in Court, that he
requires no further argument, or unless leave is obtained from the Court of
Appeal or from the Judge who heard the application.

9 It would be noted that there are significant differences between the two
versions. Without going into a minute analysis of the two, what can be said
broadly is that under the present s 34(1)(_c_), the possibility of a party
appealing to the Court of Appeal against an interlocutory order is narrower.
While under the previous provision, even though the party did not ask for
further arguments within four days, he could still apply for leave to appeal
to either the Judge or the Court of Appeal. Under the present provision this
option is no longer available. Of course, under the present provision, the
party has a longer period of time to request for further arguments, _ie_ ,
seven days instead of four days.

10 The question of whether an order is truly interlocutory or final has
troubled the courts here, as well as in England, for a long time. However, in
England, they have resolved the problem by adopting a listing approach. What
kind of applications or orders are to be treated as interlocutory are
distinctly listed out. Singapore has not yet adopted that approach and still
has to grapple with the problem from time to time.

11 Traditionally, two tests were propounded to determine the issue. The first
is known as the “application” test, enunciated in _Salaman v Warner_ [1891] 1
QB 734, where Fry LJ stated (at 736):

[A]n order is final only where it is made upon an application or other
proceeding which must, whether such application or proceeding fail or succeed,
determine the action. Conversely … an order is “interlocutory” where it cannot
be affirmed that in either event the action will be determined.

12 The second is called the “order” test or “ _Bozson_ ” test and was stated
by Lord Alverstone CJ in _Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1
KB 547 (“ _Bozson_ ”) to be this (at 548):

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally disposes of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.

13 In _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ [1962] MLJ 330, the Court of Appeal of the
Federation of Malaya held that the _Bozson_ test was the proper test to be
applied to determine whether an order was to be held interlocutory or final. A
later case where the Federal Court in Singapore adopted the same approach was
_Tee Than Song Construction Co Ltd v Kwong Kum Sun Glass Merchant_ [1965–1968]
SLR 230.

14 Since then, the Bozson test was applied in many subsequent cases in
Singapore, such as, _Rank Xerox (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_
[1992] 1 SLR 73 (“ _Rank Xerox_ ”); _Ling Kee Ling v Leow Leng Siong_ [1996] 2
SLR 438 and _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4
SLR 441 (“ _Aberdeen Asset_ ”). This court recognised in _Aberdeen Asset_ that
whichever test was adopted would have its problems but as stated in that case,
the _Bozson_ test seems more logical. We do not see any compelling reason to
depart from the approach. Obviously, the key words in the _Bozson_ test are
“finally”, “disposes” and “rights”. The word “rights” has been construed in
_Rank Xerox_ (at 76) to mean the substantive “rights” in the action or
proceeding. A little more problematic are the other two words. The word
“dispose” has a spectrum of meanings ranging from “to throw away”, “to make
final arrangement”, “to deal” to “to determine the outcome”. It seems to us
that in the context of the _Bozson_ test, the word “dispose” must mean making
a determination on the substantive rights and, as a matter of common sense,
the court can only make a determination on the substantive rights after
hearing the parties on the merits. Indeed, in _Bozson_ , that was what
happened – the first instance judge there had decided on the questions of
liability and breach of contract. It was agreed that the rest of the case was
to go before the official referee. Where an interlocutory judgment is entered
into by default through failure to comply with either the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) or an order of court, there has been no
determination on the merits.

15 As regards the word “finally”, its ordinary meaning is clear. It means
either “the last” or “completely”. But in the context of the _Bozson_ test,
there could be some problems because of split hearing. Where, in an action,
interlocutory judgment is entered against the defendant after hearing in
chambers on the merits, does that order finally dispose the rights of the
parties? I should add that an interlocutory judgment obtained _after hearing
in open court_ is expressly excluded from the scope of s 34(1)(_c_). There is
much force in the argument that a determination as to liability does not
finally or fully dispose of the rights of the parties where damages are also
claimed in the action. That will only be a partial determination of the
rights. The determination of liability is not an end in itself. Such a
determination is not the only thing that the plaintiff is asking for. Damages
are really what the plaintiff is seeking, and determining liability is a
necessary step towards deciding whether damages or compensation are payable,
and if so, what is the appropriate amount. On this view, an interlocutory
judgment with damages to be assessed will not be an order which finally
disposes of the rights of the parties in that action.

16 We recognise that on this approach, it is possible that an order granted in
one proceeding may be interlocutory and yet the same nature of order granted
in another proceeding may well be final. The point may again best be
illustrated by an example. Taking the case of an action for breach of
contract, where an application is made for the discovery of documents, the
order on discovery will be an interlocutory order. But it does not follow that
every discovery order will necessarily be an interlocutory order. It will
depend on the nature of the originating process and the relief(s) prayed for.
A proceeding may be instituted purely to obtain pre-action discovery. In that
situation, upon the granting of the order prayed for, that order will be a
final order because that disposes of everything in the proceeding.

17 We note that in _Singapore Press Holdings Ltd v Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd_
[1994] 3 SLR 151 at 166, [40], and _Aberdeen Asset_ ([14] _supra_) at [23],
this court had observed that the object of s 34(1)(_c_) was to give the judge,
who may not have had adequate time to consider the interlocutory matter when
it first came before him in chambers, a second opportunity to look at the
matter again before an appeal was taken to this court. Viewed in this light,
an interlocutory judgment obtained after full arguments in chambers on the
merits should not be treated as interlocutory. That may well be the implicit
rationale for s 34(1)(_c_). But there is nothing in s 34(1)(_c_) which says
that that is a criteria for determining whether the judge should be given a
second chance to look at his decision again. Take again the case of an
application for discovery. Full arguments might well have been made. However,
that does not mean that the unsuccessful party can just appeal without asking
for further arguments. The judge must decide whether he has heard enough.
Ultimately, we are still thrown back to the _Bozson_ test to determine if the
order in question is interlocutory or final.

18 At this juncture we would refer to the judgment of the Privy Council in the
New Zealand case of _Strathmore Group Ltd v A M Fraser_ [1992] 2 AC 172 (“
_Strathmore Group v Fraser_ ”). There, the petitioner sued its former
directors, for, _inter alia_ , breach of fiduciary duty. In defence, the
respondents contended that there had been a compromise between them to the
effect that the petitioner would not pursue the claims. This assertion was
challenged by the petitioner. The petitioner also averred that if there was a
compromise agreement, it had been cancelled. The question of the compromise
was tried as a preliminary issue, with the calling of witnesses. The New
Zealand Court of Appeal (“NZCA”) reversed the first instance judge and found
that there was such a compromise and duly dismissed the petitioner’s action.
The NZCA also refused the petitioner’s application for leave to appeal to the
Privy Council on the ground that the judgment was interlocutory and the
petitioner was not entitled as of right to appeal to the Privy Council. Upon
the petitioner’s application for special leave from the Privy Council, the
latter held that the decision of the NZCA was a final judgment on which the
petitioner was entitled to appeal. The Privy Council set out its reasons as
follows (at 178):

If no preliminary issue had been ordered, the trial judge would have tried the
whole action and decided the compromise issue, the cancellation issue and the
misconduct issue. If the judge awarded damages to the petitioner on the
grounds that there was no compromise or that the compromise had been cancelled
and on the grounds that the respondents had been guilty of misconduct in the
Clearwater transaction, then the respondents could have appealed to the Court
of Appeal and either party, losing before the Court of Appeal, could have
appealed to the Privy Council as of right and on that appeal all three issues,
the compromise issue, the cancellation issue and the misconduct issue could
have been argued. If the trial judge dismissed the petitioner’s action either
on the compromise issue or on the misconduct issue, then the petitioner could
have appealed to the Court of Appeal and either party, losing before the Court
of Appeal, could have appealed to the Privy Council as of right and on that
appeal all three issues, the compromise issue, the cancellation issue and the
misconduct issue could have been argued. The judgment of the Court of Appeal
would have been final if the action by the petitioner were dismissed and final
if the petitioner were awarded damages. All three issues, the compromise
issue, the cancellation issue and the misconduct issue would be in play on the
hearing of any appeal to the Privy Council.

If the judgment of the Court of Appeal on 4 October 1991, finally deciding the
compromise issue and the cancellation issue, was not a final judgment for the
purposes of rule 2 of the Order of 1910, then the petitioner has been deprived
of an appeal to the Privy Council as of right, an unintended consequence of
the decision of Wylie J. that, in the interest of justice and for the possible
saving of time and expense, the compromise issue should be tried as a
preliminary issue. …

It seems to their Lordships that the petitioner cannot be deprived of a right
of appeal solely because the trial was divided into two parts, the first part
dealing with the compromise issue and the cancellation issue and the second
part, so far as necessary, dealing with the misconduct issue.

19 On the above analysis, one would have to hold that an interlocutory
judgment, with damages to be assessed, is a final judgment. However, as we see
it, _Strathmore Group v Fraser_ indeed was a final judgment because the NZCA,
having found that there was a compromise, went on to dismiss the action. The
petitioner’s action, to all intents and purposes, had come to an absolute end.
For argument’s sake, let us suppose for a moment that the NZCA had not
reversed the first instance judge’s finding and had instead affirmed the lower
court finding that there was no compromise, the case would have gone back to
the first instance court for hearing to determine whether there was any breach
of fiduciary duty. Such an order, which determined that there was no
compromise, could surely not be construed, as far as the action was concerned,
to be a final judgment. However, we recognise that the order could be viewed
to be final in a narrower sense, namely, that as far as the issue of
compromise was concerned, it would be final unless leave to appeal was
granted.

20 The Privy Council in _Strathmore Group v Fraser_ did not refer to _Bozson_.
In fact, the circumstances in _Bozson_ were similar to those in _Strathmore
Group v Fraser. Bozson_ was an action to recover damages for breach of
contract. By an order it was ruled that the questions of liability and breach
of contract only were to be tried and that the rest of the case, if any, was
to go to an official referee. At the end of the trial, the judge held that
there was no binding contract between the parties and dismissed the action.
The plaintiff appealed against the decision of the trial judge. The defendant
took the point that as the order was an interlocutory order, applying the
application test propounded in _Salaman v Warner_ ([11] _supra_), the appeal
was out of time. The Court of Appeal held that it was a final order. We do not
disagree with that. The order in _Bozson_ was a final order because the action
was dismissed. There was nothing more to the action.

21 The Privy Council in _Strathmore Group v Fraser_ did refer to _White v
Brunton_ [1984] QB 570, a case where the court held that a decision on a
preliminary issue of documentary construction was a final order. This was how
Sir John Donaldson MR explained the position (at 573):

It is plainly in the interests of the more efficient administration of justice
that there should be split trials in appropriate cases, as even where the
decision on the first part of a split trial is such that there will have to be
a second part, it may be desirable that the decision shall be appealed before
incurring the possibly unnecessary expense of the second part. If we were to
hold that the division of a final hearing into parts deprived the parties of
an unfettered right of appeal, we should be placing an indirect fetter upon
the ability of the court to order split trials. I would therefore hold that
where there is a split trial or more accurately, in relation to a non-jury
case, a split hearing, any party may appeal without leave against an order
made at the end of one part if he could have appealed against such an order
without leave if both parts had been heard together and the order had been
made at the end of the complete hearing.

22 However, in _Aberdeen Asset_ , this court, having taken note of what was
decided in _White v Brunton_ , explained a significant difference between the
position in _White v Brunton_ and that in Singapore, as follows (at [23]):

Admittedly, the reasoning in _White v Brunton_ seems quite persuasive. One
could almost say that it should also apply to a case like the present because
what had occurred here is also a split trial. But there is one very
significant difference. In _White v Brunton_ (like that in _Strathmore Group v
Fraser_), there was no right of appeal except with leave. However, in a case
where s 34(1)(_c_) applies, the parties’ right of appeal is not taken away.
All that the statutory provision superimposes is that the party intending to
appeal should first write to the judge requesting for further arguments. The
process is basically to give the judge another opportunity to review his
decision and once the judge decides to affirm his decision, the requesting
party would have his undoubted right to appeal. Viewed in this light, the
reasoning expressed in _White v Brunton_ is naturally less compelling;
similarly for the views expounded in _Strathmore Group v Fraser_. There is
nothing unjust about requiring a party who wishes to appeal against a decision
of a judge made in chambers, and which does not dispose of the entire action,
to request for further arguments before he may file his notice of appeal.

23 Interestingly, _White v Brunton_ disapproved of the “order” test and
instead adopted the “application” test expounded in _Salaman v Warner_. In
_White v Brunton_ , the relevant statute provided that no appeal would lie to
the Court of Appeal from any interlocutory order or interlocutory judgment
without the leave of court. There, the decision on a preliminary issue was
considered by the Court of Appeal to be a final order which did not require
leave to appeal. The court held that the preliminary issue was “not … an issue
preliminary to a final hearing, but the first part of a final hearing” (at
573).

24 We understand the approach taken in _White v Brunton_. Perhaps the fact
that there was no right of appeal on an interlocutory order might have
prompted the court there to give the word “final” and “rights” an extended
meaning. Thus, the court there held that the preliminary issue was “the first
part of a final hearing”. In any event, in the context of s 34(1)(_c_), to
hold that an interlocutory judgment made in chambers, with damages to be
assessed, to be an interlocutory order would not deprive a party of his right
of appeal, a point so strongly alluded to in _Strathmore Group v Fraser._ All
that the provision in s 34(1)(_c_) requires is that the party should, within
seven days, write to the judge to ask for further arguments before he can
appeal. That can hardly be considered to be an onerous burden. Moreover, there
is also a certain practical logic in this requirement. If no request for
further arguments is made within seven days, the case can then proceed very
quickly to the next stage.

25 In passing, we would observe that the conduct of the appellant is not
consistent with the stand it now takes on this issue. Upon being aware of the
respondent’s request for further arguments made on 22 July 2005, the appellant
did not raise any objection to the request. It did not argue that the request
was too late, or that the order was a final order and had been perfected. It
went through the process of making further submissions. After the decision of
the judge on 23 September 2005, which was not in its favour, the appellant
filed its notice of appeal against the decision of 23 September 2005. If the
argument made by the appellant on the present issue is correct it must follow
that the order of 23 September 2005 is of no effect and that the order of 15
July 2005 still stands. The appellant should not have participated in the
further arguments.

26 Before we turn to the second issue, we will refer to the recent High Court
decision in _Lim Chi Szu Margaret v Risis Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 206, also a
decision of Phang JC (as he then was). The main issue there was whether the
court should grant an extension of time to the plaintiffs to file an
application for leave to appeal from the decision of the High Court to the
Court of Appeal. There, the substantive bone of contention related to an
interlocutory judgment, with damages to be assessed. Phang JC, while
recognising that there had not been any specific decision of this court
dealing with the nature of an interlocutory judgment with damages to be
assessed, seemed to think that such an order was a final order. He offered the
following tentative proposition (at [15] and [16]):

The appellation “interlocutory” is not, in my view conclusive: It only denotes
the fact that the quantum of damages remains to be assessed. However, in so
far as _liability_ is concerned, the order of the High Court, affirming that
of the District Court, must surely be treated as _final._

On another view, however, it could be argued that, taking the proceedings as a
_whole_ , the fact that damages remained to be assessed meant that the order
made by the High Court in the present proceedings was interlocutory in nature.
Whilst this argument is not unpersuasive at first blush, the weakness in its
reasoning is that both the District Court and (subsequently) the High Court
were dealing with appeals (stemming from the original order of the assistant
registrar) with respect to the correctness of the interlocutory judgment,
which related to _liability_ (although the _quantum_ of damages remained to be
assessed at a _separate_ hearing). In this regard, and as pointed out in the
preceding paragraph, the respective orders made by both these courts
(affirming the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar) must surely be
considered to be _final_ orders in so far as they _finally_ disposed of the
substantive rights of the parties in so far as _liability_ was concerned.

[emphasis in original]

These views were clearly _obiter_.

27 Accordingly, we hold that the decision of 15 July 2005 was interlocutory
for two separate and distinct reasons. First, there was no determination on
the merits as to the rights of the parties. Second, and more importantly, the
decision was in any event, interlocutory.

**Default judgment**

28 We now turn to the second issue, which is, whether the decision of the
judge made on 23 September 2005 fell within s 34(1)(_a_) of the SCJA which
reads:

No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:

(_a_) where a Judge makes an order giving unconditional leave to defend an
action or an order setting aside unconditionally a default judgment;

It is under this provision that the respondent seeks to strike out the notice
of appeal, namely, that the decision of 23 September 2005 is non-appealable,
it being an order “setting aside unconditionally a default judgment”.

29 The contention of the appellant in this regard is that the term “default
judgment” in s 34(1)(_a_) refers only to a judgment obtained in default of
appearance or defence, relying on O 13 and O 19 of the ROC. While those two
orders do contain provisions for judgment to be entered against a party in
default, they are not the only such provisions in the ROC. Equally applicable
is O 25 r 3(2) which reads:

Where any party fails to comply with the Court’s directions for the filing and
exchange of affidavits, an application may be made by summons at any time
after the default for an order to enter judgment or to dismiss the action, as
the case may be, or for such other order as to costs or otherwise that the
Court thinks just in the circumstances.

30 Admittedly, the “default” in O 25 r 3(2) (like that in the present case),
relates to a default in complying with an order of court, unlike a default
under O 13 and O 19 of the ROC which relates to a default in complying with
the procedures prescribed in those orders of the ROC. But there is nothing in
s 34(1)(_a_) to suggest that the “default judgment” referred to in the
provision is limited only to a judgment obtained by default in complying with
the procedures prescribed in the ROC and not default in complying with an
order of court. We can see no justification to give such a restrictive meaning
to the word “default” which means non-compliance with something. To so
restrict its meaning would be to read, quite unwarrantably, additional words
into the provision, words which are not there.

31 The appellant next argued that in order to set aside a regular default
judgment, an applicant must show that his case has a reasonable prospect of
success on the merits. Here the judge, in setting aside the default judgment
did not address the substantive merits of the law. Thus, the true nature of
the order of 23 September 2005 was really an order to set aside the unless
order.

32 It seems to us that, in the instant case, it would be quite artificial to
draw a distinction between setting aside the unless order and setting aside
the default judgment as the two are inextricably linked. One formed the basis
for the other and the court cannot set aside one without also setting aside
the other. There would be no legal basis to set aside the default judgment
unless the court was also of the opinion that the unless order should be set
aside because there was no contumelious breach on the part of the respondent.
Here, the judge did expressly set aside the default judgment. He stated at
[112] of his grounds of decision:

[I]t is surprising that the present appeal was in fact brought in the first
instance, simply because my decision was one setting aside a default judgment
unconditionally. In this regard, I should have thought that s 34(1)(_a_) of
the … SCJA … would have precluded such an appeal.

33 In this connection, we ought to refer to the case of _S3 Building Services
Pte Ltd v Sky Technology Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 241 (“ _Sky Technology_ ”)
which is relied upon by the appellant. There, the defendant was granted
unconditional leave to defend the action by an assistant registrar. On 13
February 2001, Lai Siu Chiu J dismissed the appeal against that decision. On
27 February 2001, rather belatedly, the plaintiff wrote to ask for further
arguments and it was granted. On 5 March 2001, Lai J altered her decision and
gave conditional leave to the defendant to defend the action upon the
provision of security. The defendant further appealed to the Court of Appeal
against the conditional leave. The appeal was heard on an expedited basis and
dismissed on 22 March 2001. In the meantime, on 28 February 2001, at a hearing
for directions, the Registrar ordered the parties to exchange AEICs by 30
March 2001. However, after the appeal was dismissed on 22 March 2001, the
defendant could not meet this deadline. The plaintiff refused the defendant’s
request for an extension of time to exchange the AEICs and instead took out an
application to strike out the defence and counterclaim of the defendant. On
its part, the defendant took out an application praying for an extension of
time to effect the exchange of the AEICs. The Registrar refused the request
for an extension of time and granted the plaintiff’s application to have the
defendant’s defence and counterclaim struck out and ordered that judgment be
entered for the plaintiff. Subsequently, the defendant succeeded in its appeal
to Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was), who granted the defendant’s application for
an extension of time and set aside the default judgment entered for the
plaintiff. This time the plaintiff appealed and it was dismissed by the Court
of Appeal.

34 On these facts, we do not see how _Sky Technology_ can be of much
assistance to the appellant here. We must point out that the parties in _Sky
Technology_ did not raise the applicability of s 34(1)(_a_) and no application
was made there to have the appeal struck out on the basis of s 34(1)(_a_). The
appeal in _Sky Technology_ was decided purely on the basis whether the delay
in the defendant filing the AEIC could be considered to be “unjustified”. The
court there ruled that the delay was not unjustified and accordingly set aside
the default judgment. _Sky Technology_ can hardly be an authority supporting
the plaintiff’s argument that the default judgment in the present case does
not fall within s 34(1)(_a_).

35 In our judgment, the decision of 23 September 2005 was an order setting
aside unconditionally a default judgment and no appeal may be brought thereon.
The policy behind a provision such as s 34(1)(_a_) is really to ensure that
appeals are not unnecessarily taken to the Court of Appeal. No one really
suffers if the effect of an order is that the trial should proceed.

36 Accordingly, we would grant the motion herein and strike out the notice of
appeal. The respondent shall have the costs of the motion as well as one-third
of the costs of the appeal which is struck out.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

