Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sheares Betty Hang Kiu v Chow Kwok Chi and Others  
[2006] SGHC 34

Case Number | : | OS 863/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kok Quan SC and Ang Wee Tiong (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff; Kenny Chooi and Kelvin Fong (Yeo-Leong and Peh LLC) for the first and second defendants; Tan Siah Yong (Piah Tan and Partners) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Sheares Betty Hang Kiu — Chow Kwok Chi; Chow Kwok Chuen; Chow Kwok Ching   
  
Trusts – Express trusts – Constitution – Whether deed of family arrangement
and deed of trust constituting testamentary disposition or perfectly
constituted trust  
  
Trusts – Trust estate – Whether settlor's interest in testator's estate before
testator's estate administered capable of being subject of trust constituted
by settlor  
  

28 February 2006

V K Rajah J:

1 Chow Cho Pon (“the Testator”) died on 3 August 1997 leaving a will dated 12
January 1994 (“the Testator’s Will”). Under the terms of the Testator’s Will,
his wife Grace Chow (“the Settlor”) and a senior lawyer (collectively “the
Original Trustees”) were appointed as executors and trustees. After assigning
a sum of $1,000 to his daughter (the plaintiff), the Testator devised and
bequeathed:

(a) his half share in 35 Ridout Road, Singapore to the Settlor free of all
debts and all estate and other duties; and

(b) his residuary estate whatsoever and wheresoever other than and excluding
property in Australia but including 217 and 217A Queens Road Central, Hong
Kong and 42 Jervois Street, Hong Kong to the following persons in the shares
as apportioned below:

(i) Grace Chow (wife) – 2 shares

(ii) Chow Kwok Chi (son) – 2 shares

(iii) Chow Kwok Chuen (son) – 1 share

(iv) Chow Kwok Ching (son) – 2 shares

2 On 29 September 1997, the High Court granted probate of the Testator’s Will
to the Original Trustees. It appears that the Testator’s Will engendered both
friction and dissatisfaction among the Testator’s children. As a result, the
Original Trustees were unable to obtain a clear mandate from the children on
how to proceed and were consequently unable to complete the administration of
the Testator’s estate. The Settlor, an astute businesswoman in her own right,
thereupon decided to make fresh arrangements to redistribute her share of the
Testator’s estate as well as some of her own assets.

3 On or about 10 September 2000, a deed of family arrangement (“DFA”) was
entered into between the Settlor on the one part and her four children as
listed below on the other:

(a) Betty Hang Kiu Sheares (the plaintiff);

(b) Chow Kwok Chi (the first defendant);

(c) Chow Kwok Chuen (the second defendant); and

(d) Chow Kwok Ching (the third defendant)

(collectively “the Beneficiaries”).

Simultaneously, the Settlor also executed a deed of agreement dated 9
September 2000 (“the DOA”) and a deed of trust dated 10 September 2000 (“the
DOT”) (collectively “the Deeds”). The DOA was entered into by the defendants,
as shareholders of the family companies, and by the Settlor in her capacity as
a shareholder and as administratrix of the Testator’s estate. It is, _inter
alia_ , stipulated in the DOA that:

4\. All the _personal properties_ of Mrs Grace Chow including her jewelleries
will be distributed on her death as follows:

30% each to the 3 sons and 10% to the daughter of Mrs Grace Chow.

5\. All the overseas assets of Mrs Chow will be dealt with at a later date
covenanting in a Trust to be formed outside Singapore.

[emphasis added]

4 Pursuant to the DFA and the DOT, the Settlor declared herself to be trustee
of all properties (“the Trust”) that she had inherited from the estate of the
Testator, as well as certain movable and immovable assets that she owned
(collectively referred to as “the Assets”). The Assets settled in the Trust
are expressly set out in the respective schedules to the DFA and the DOT (“the
Schedules”) as follows:

(a) Property known as 35 Ridout Road, Singapore 248431;

(b) Shares in public listed companies;

(c) Shares in private companies;

(d) Cash in banks;

(e) Jewellery, furniture, objets _d’art_ ; and

(f) Motor vehicle(s).

5 The DFA incorporates the following provisions:

(a) Recital 4

The Beneficiaries are children of the Deceased and the Settlor and the
Beneficiaries are also beneficiaries in the estate of the Deceased with the
second and fourth named Beneficiaries receiving two shares out of seven each
in the estate of the Deceased, the third named Beneficiary receiving one share
out of seven shares and the first named Beneficiary receiving only $1,000/;

(b) Recital 5

The Settlor is desirous of _providing for all the four Beneficiaries during
her lifetime out of her share in the estate of the Deceased as well as out of
the property both movable and immovable that the Settlor owns._ [emphasis
added]

(c) Clause 1

The Settlor hereby _declares and confirms_ that she shall hold _all assets set
out in the Schedule_ hereto as a Trustee for the Beneficiaries holding the
said assets in trust for them. [emphasis added]

(d) Clause 3

The Settlor is executing a Deed of Trust simultaneously with this Deed of
Family Arrangement in which she has set out the details on how the Trust that
she is declaring herein _shall be administered_. [emphasis added]

(e) Clause 5

The Settlor shall reserve for herself 20% of the net income received from the
assets for her maintenance and personal needs.

(f) Clause 6

The Beneficiaries hereby acknowledge that they have understood the terms of
this Deed of Family Arrangement as well as the Trust Deed executed by the
Settlor and hereby declare that the Deed herein as well as the Deed of Trust
executed by the Settlor settles all claims, rights and interests that the
Beneficiaries may have in the estate of the Deceased and declare that they
have no claims against the Settlor or amongst or between themselves inter se.

6 The salient provisions of the DOT include:

(a) Recital 3

I have inherited two-sevenths of the residuary estate of the Deceased and the
half-share of the property known as 35 Ridout Road, Singapore which the
Deceased owned while the other half-share was owned by myself;

(b) Recital 4

I am desirous of _providing for my children born to me and the Deceased_ ,
viz:

BETTY HANG KIU SHEARES

CHOW KWOK CHI

CHOW KWOK CHUEN and

CHOW KWOK CHING

(hereinafter called the Beneficiaries). [emphasis added]

(c) Clause 1

I hereby declare myself as Trustee of all the properties that I had inherited
from the Deceased as well as all the assets that I own both movable and
immovable _particulars of which are shown in the Schedule_ attached hereto;
[emphasis added]

(d) Clause 2

This Trust shall come into force on the day I have executed the same. I hereby
declare myself as Trustee of the assets set out in the Schedule
abovementioned.

(e) Clause 3

The income from the assets in the Schedule shall be appropriated to the
Beneficiaries in the amount of 20% for each of them with the remaining 20%
being allotted to me for my own maintenance and personal expenses.

(f) Clause 4

This Trust shall continue to be in force during the rest of my life.

(g) Clause 5

The amounts to be distributed to the Beneficiaries and to myself shall be paid
out of the net income after deducting all outgoings, taxes, maintenance or
service charges and any other expenses that may be incurred in the production
of income and in replacing items which may need replacement and other related
expenses.

(h) Clause 6

Upon my death my personal representative* [the following words “My 3 trustees”
are inserted in her handwriting next to the asterisk and the asterisks
following] shall convey to each of the Beneficiaries all the assets after
paying any lawful debts, funeral and testamentary expenses in the shares shown
against their names:

BETTY HANG KIU SHEARES 10%

CHOW KWOK CHI 30%

CHOW KWOK CHUEN 30%

CHOW KWOK CHING 30%

For the purpose of determining the fair value of the shares to be allotted to
each of the beneficiaries my personal representative* shall be at liberty to
convert and sell any of my assets with liberty to postpone such sale of my
assets or any part thereof as my personal representative* in his sole
discretion shall deem fit.

7 Subsequently, the Settlor made at least three further wills. The last two
wills were not prepared by the same solicitor who had prepared the Deeds. In
her last known will dated 30 September 2002 (“the Settlor’s Last Will”),
prepared by the first and second defendants’ present solicitors, she appointed
as her personal representatives the first, second and third defendants.
However, it is undisputed that these solicitors had neither any sight nor
awareness of the Deeds when they prepared the Settlor’s Last Will.

8 The Settlor died on 1 December 2002. On 28 October 2003, the surviving
Original Trustee obtained a deed of discharge from the estate of the Testator,
and the three defendants then became the executors of the Testator’s Will.
After the Settlor’s demise, the defendants were unable to reach any consensus
on how to administer the estates of both the Testator and the Settlor. The
first and second defendants blamed the third defendant for the delay and he
_vice versa_. The defendants however remain united on one issue: that the
Deeds, and in particular the DOT, did not effectively transfer to the
plaintiff any interest in the Settlor’s estate.

**The issues**

9 In these proceedings the plaintiff seeks, _inter alia_ , an order that the
defendants provide “proper particulars” and an account of the Assets. She
emphatically asserts that although the Testator passed away on 3 August 1997,
some eight years earlier, and despite the fact that her mother, the Settlor,
had also passed away some two years earlier, the defendants have completely
failed to account to her or for that matter given her any information
whatsoever in relation to the administration of the Trust.

10 The defendants on their part vigorously deny that a proper Trust has been
constituted; they assert that the DOT, even if effective, is a mere
testamentary disposition; the DOT, and in particular cl 6 thereof, had been
superseded by the Settlor’s Last Will, wherein she left all her property to
them in equal shares except for the sum of $500,000 set aside for the
plaintiff.

11 Prior to the hearing, the first and third defendants filed several lengthy
affidavits contesting and taking issue with the very validity of the execution
of the DOT and the DFA. They alleged, _inter alia_ , that they were pressured
into signing the Deeds and were in any event intoxicated and/or failed to
understand the contents of the documents when they signed them. These rather
remarkable contentions were however abandoned shortly before the hearing
proper. Counsel then agreed that there were only three issues to determine in
these proceedings:

(a) Are the DOT and the DFA valid and enforceable (“the enforceability
issue”)?

(b) If so, do they cover assets outside Singapore, such as in Australia, Hong
Kong, Malaysia, China, the US and/or any other countries in the world?

(c) Do they cover the Settlor’s own assets only or do they also cover assets
which she had inherited under the Will as the plaintiff contends (“the asset
issue”)?

12 I decided the first and third issues affirmatively in the plaintiff’s
favour, and ruled negatively on the second issue. Given that the first and
second defendants have appealed against my decision on the first and third
issues, I now set out and explain my grounds of decision on those issues only.

**_The enforceability issue_**

13 The Settlor’s intention to create a trust is unequivocal. She sought and
received legal assistance in the preparation of the Deeds. There can be no
doubt that the Settlor was at the material time aware of the distinction
between trusts and wills. Indeed on 21 September 2000, a few days after
signing the Deeds, she executed a will whereby she made the defendants her
executors. This will apparently covered her remaining assets in Singapore. In
addition, it made provision for the payment of $100,000 to each of her
grandchildren. Provision was also made for her disposable assets to be divided
among the same beneficiaries in the _very same proportions_ stipulated in the
DOT. Pertinently, this will was prepared by the same solicitor who prepared
the DOT. The DFA and the DOT are the only known documents the Settlor executed
during her lifetime that were intended to constitute a trust.

14 It is plain that the Settlor’s intention in executing the DFA and the DOT
was to provide for what was in her view a more equitable distribution of the
family assets. More crucially, it was intended to terminate once and for all
the apparent acrimony among the Beneficiaries over their various entitlements
and to restore familial harmony so that the Testator’s estate would finally be
administered. This is evidenced by, _inter alia_ , paras 4 and 5 of the
recitals to the DFA as well as cl 6. Unfortunately, this was not to be. The
three defendants continued with their contentious behaviour even after the
Settlor’s demise.

15 In questioning the efficacy of the DOT and the DFA, the defendants have
taken a root and branch approach by raising a multitude of variegated and
imaginative contentions. At the outset they boldly contend that the DOT and
the DFA “suffer from the fundamental flaws of _inter alia_ uncertainty of
subject matter and lack certainty of objects”.

16 It would be useful at this juncture, prior to addressing the defendants’
contentions, to set out the legal position in relation to family arrangements.
The term “family arrangement” is in itself a term of art that has a peculiar
and particular legal significance. In _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 18
(Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1997) at paras 301, 303, 304 and 312, it is stated:

**301.** … _A family arrangement is an agreement between members of the same
family, intended to be generally and reasonably for the benefit of the family
either by compromising doubtful or disputed rights or by preserving the family
property or the peace and security of the family by avoiding litigation or by
saving its honour_.

The agreement may be implied from a long course of dealing, but it is more
usual to embody or to effectuate the agreement in a deed to which the term
“family arrangement” is applied.

**303.** … _The following arrangements for division of property have been
supported as family arrangements_ :

(1) _an agreement_ for the division of family property by way of compromise of
a family quarrel or litigation about a disputed or lost will, or _even to
prevent family friction_ , where there is no question as to the devolution of
the property nor any disputed right, there being some consideration for the
arrangement other than love and affection, or any arrangement as to division
of property where the construction of a will or other instrument under which
the parties claim is doubtful …

**304.** … Family arrangements are governed by principles which are not
applicable to dealings between strangers. _When deciding the rights of parties
under a family arrangement or a claim to upset such an arrangement, the court
considers what in the broadest view of the matter is most in the interest of
the family, and has regard to considerations which, in dealing with
transactions between persons not members of the same family, would not be
taken into account._ Matters which would be fatal to the validity of similar
transactions between strangers are not objections to the binding effect of
family arrangements. Conversely, an intention to create a legally enforceable
contract may be negatived more readily where the parties to an arrangement are
members of the same family than where they are not.

**312.** … _Since the consideration for a family arrangement is partly value
and partly love and affection, the pecuniary worth of the consideration is not
regarded too closely. The court will not, as a general rule, inquire into the
adequacy of the consideration_ , but there is an equity to set aside a family
arrangement where the inadequacy of the consideration is so gross as to lead
to the conclusion that the party either did not understand what he was about,
or was the victim of some imposition.

[emphasis added]

17 It can be concluded from these established principles of law and practice
that the arrangement the Beneficiaries and the Settlor entered into was not a
mere ordinary contractual or trust arrangement. Each and every one of them
signed the DFA which in turn contemplated the execution of the DOT by the
Settlor. It cannot be gainsaid that the Deeds ought to be interpreted
harmoniously and cumulatively. Given the Settlor’s and the Beneficiaries’
manifest intentions at the material time, the Deeds should not be interpreted
with an excessive degree of formalism. The task of the court in construing
such documents is to resolve upon a fair reading of the documents what the
Settlor’s intention was, and to give effect to it. In doing so, the court will
seek assistance from and apply established rules of construction. The crux of
the matter is that these documents constitute a solemn family arrangement
signed by all the _dramatis personae_. This is not an instance where the label
“family arrangement” has been loosely affixed in an attempt to invoke special
legal consideration. All the classic hallmarks of a family arrangement prevail
in this case: a pre-existing family dispute, a clearly declared intention to
resolve outstanding matters and a series of arrangements to address the
outstanding matters.

18 The overarching principle of construction in this matter is set out in
_Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) vol 1 at para 12-067
(quoting Fletcher Moulton LJ in _Manks v Whiteley_ [1912] 1 Ch 735 at 754):

Where several deeds form part of one transaction and are contemporaneously
executed they have the same effect for all purposes such as are relevant to
the case as if they were one deed.

19 Clause 3 of the DFA refers to the DOT being simultaneously executed and as
containing details as to how the Trust is to be administered. These two
documents must be construed as one transaction. The intention of the Settlor
is to be gathered from the tenor of the Deeds as well as the relevant
circumstances at the time the trust was created: _Yeap Cheah Neo v Ong Cheng
Neo_ (1875) LR 6 PC 381; 1 Ky 326. It is also a prosaic proposition that if a
particular construction of a document would render it ineffectual thereby
frustrating the apparent object of that document, while another construction
_ex facie_ less appropriate, looking at the words themselves, would produce a
different effect, the latter interpretation is to be applied, if it can
possibly be supported by anything in that document; _cf_ _Chitty on Contracts_
([18] _supra_) at para 12-081.

20 Returning to the defendants’ threshold objection, it is plain that the
subject matter of the Trust is confined to and limited by the Schedules. The
defendants’ specious contention about an alleged variance between the term
“all the assets I own” in the DOT and the subsequent particularisation of the
assets is clearly to be resolved in favour of restricting the Trust to “all
assets set out in the Schedule” as stipulated in cl 1 of both the DFA and the
DOT. There is no ambiguity. The Schedules in the DOT and the DFA are
identical. In the course of the hearing, counsel accepted that the DFA was not
intended to and does not cover other assets of the Settlor, extending to
landed property, such as:

(a) 27K Amber Road;

(b) 26 Jalan Kechil #05-30, Eastern Mansion; and

(c) properties in Guangzhou.

21 The Settlor was at liberty at all material times to dispose of these and
other assets not embraced by the Schedules by means of a testamentary
disposition. Her subsequent wills were to that extent neither entirely bereft
of substance nor of effect. It is abundantly clear that the Assets were meant
to cover only the assets in Singapore that have been specifically identified.
At any rate, this issue is not now the subject of any dispute or appeal.

22 The objects or beneficiaries of the Trust are clearly defined. Paragraph 5
of the recital of the DFA and cl 1 of the DFA declare and confirm that the
Settlor held the assets in the Schedules “as a Trustee for all Beneficiaries
holding the said assets in trust for them”. Her intention and the objects of
the Trust could not be more explicit or certain. The defendants’ counsel’s
contentions on “uncertainty” are strained, tortuous and tantamount to legal
nitpicking.

23 The defendants next argue that cl 4 of the DOT expressly confined and
limited the length of the Trust to the lifetime of the Settlor. As such, they
argue that any disposition of the property after her death was outside the
scope of the “purported trust”. Furthermore, they maintain that cl 6 amounted
to a testamentary disposition and is void to the extent that it has failed to
comply with the provisions of s 6(2) of the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed),
which makes the formal requirement of two witnesses mandatory. In their final
written submissions, counsel for the first and second defendants contend:

It is clear what Mrs Chow intended to do by the Deed of Trust. Mrs Chow
intended to create a trust by which she and her children would have the
benefit of receiving a proportion of the _income_ from the assets listed in
the Schedule to the Deed of Trust, for the duration of her lifetime. The trust
was clearly intended to end upon her death.

Mrs Chow intended that after she died, the assets listed in the Schedule were
to be dealt with by a testamentary disposition/Will (ie. a revocable
disposition). Clause 6 of the Deed of Trust is worded in the terms of a Will.
Mrs Chow would therefore have known and intended that it was revocable just
like a Will. That Will may have been included as clause 6 of the Deed of Trust
simply out of convenience.

[emphasis in original]

24 It is apparent from their final written submissions that counsel for the
first and second defendants have accepted that a valid but “limited” trust had
been created by the Settlor’s declaration. When addressing such a contention,
one must bear in mind that cl 2 of the DOT expressly declares that the Trust
“shall come into force on the day” of its execution. The Settlor, while
identifying the assets to be embraced by the DFA and the DOT, made no
provision for its revocation. The Trust has been declared with the utmost
clarity and precision and is a completely constituted trust. Once declared,
the Settlor retained only the legal interest or the bare equitable title
_mutatis mutandis_ and the beneficial interest in the Assets was conveyed to
the Beneficiaries. It is trite law that like a gift, a completely constituted
trust is immediately binding upon the Settlor and his personal representatives
unless a power of revocation has been expressly reserved: see Underhill &
Hayton, _Law Relating to Trusts and Trustees_ (Butterworths, 15th Ed, 1995) at
p 7:

A trust is an equitable obligation which creates a proprietary interest in the
beneficiaries capable of binding third parties. _No consideration is required
for its validity: it is, perhaps, best regarded as the equitable equivalent of
a common law gift and so leaves no right in the creator of the trust, known as
the settlor, to enforce, vary or revoke the terms of the trust, unless such
rights be expressly reserved at the time of the creation of the trust_. … It
is the beneficiaries alone who can enforce the trust (or terminate the trust
if unanimous and of full capacity).

A person may enter into a contract to create a trust and the contract will be
enforceable, whether specifically or in damages, so ensuring that property
ultimately becomes vested in trustees upon trust for the beneficiaries, unless
the contract related to an unascertained part of a larger fund and no money
was set aside before the insolvency of the obligee. _Exceptionally, if the
promise to create a trust is merely in a deed unsupported by valuable
consideration it will be unenforceable by an equitable decree for specific
performance since ‘equity will not assist a volunteer’_ , although equity will
not prevent a covenantee who is also a beneficiary from suing at common law
for damages on his own account.

[emphasis added]

25 Once a trust is validly constituted it can be enforced by even a volunteer
who has given no consideration. While cl 4 of the DOT indeed states that it
“shall continue to be in force during the rest of my life”, this has also to
be read in the context of the DFA. Recital 5 of the DFA declares that the
Settlor “is desirous of providing for … the …Beneficiaries during her
lifetime”. Clause 6 of the DFA expressly declares that the Settlor and the
Beneficiaries intended to _settle_ all “claims, rights and interests” that the
Beneficiaries had in the estate of the Testator (which had been the subject of
prior contention among the Beneficiaries). Surely, it cannot be credibly
contended, in the face of such an explicit declaration to resolve this very
issue, that the Settlor had somehow intended to leave it at large? Was there
then a slip between the cup and the lip? The term “continue to be in force” is
not a term of art and case law arising in different factual matrices does not
to that extent shed any illumination on the interpretation of the clauses in
question. The question of “intention” is always factual and observations from
other cases, even when the same words have been used, is quite irrelevant: see
_In re Hamilton_ [1895] 2 Ch 370 at 373 and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ,
vol 9(2) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para 110.487. In this case, the context is
paramount. The word “providing” appears in the recitals of both the DFA and
the DOT. It means, _inter alia_ , “[t]o see to it or take care beforehand; to
make provision” (_Oxford English Dictionary_ (Oxford University Press,
2004))_._ The manifest intention of the Settlor was to make all the necessary
provisions during her lifetime to ensure that there would be no subsequent
disputes either during or after her demise. Notwithstanding this intention,
her carefully planned and crafted arrangements have obviously failed to deter
the defendants from their captious conduct either before or after her demise.

26 Clauses 3 and 5 of the DOT spell out how the Trust income was to be
distributed during the Settlor’s life. Clause 6 of the DOT addresses the issue
of what was to happen to the Trust when the Settlor no longer needed any
income, that is to say, upon her demise. There is nothing objectionable about
spelling out in a trust how and when assets are to be distributed and/or how
the trust is to be dissolved upon the happening of some future event. Doing so
does not by any means make a trust a testamentary disposition. That does not
have the effect of affixing the arrangement with an ambulatory dimension.
Counsel for the defendants rely on extracts from two leading texts to lend
some tangential support to their cause. First, they rely on _Parker and
Mellows:_ _The Modern Law of Trusts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2003) at p 305
which states:

[I]f property is settled upon trust to pay the income to a life tenant and the
instrument makes no provision for the destination of the property on the death
of the life tenant, the trustee will prima facie hold the property on a
resulting trust for the settlor or his estate. This occurred in _Re Cochrane_
, where, apparently as a result of a blunder by the draftsman, a provision was
left out of the instrument so that the funds were not effectively disposed of.

Secondly they invoke _Snell’s Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2000) at  
para 9-03 which states:

A common case of an implied or resulting trust arises where a settlor conveys
property upon trusts which in the event do not exhaust the whole of the
beneficial interest in the property, as where the trust is for A for life and
then equally among his children, and A dies childless. Here the beneficial
interest, so far as it is not effectually disposed of, results to the settlor,
or, if he is dead, to his residuary devisee or legatee, or the persons
entitled under his intestacy.

These references do not apply to or assist the defendants in any way. The
trust in the instant scenario is not a partially expressed trust. Express and
explicit guidance has been furnished on how the Trust is to be dissolved and
distributed upon the Settlor’s demise.

27 Does cl 6 amount to a stand-alone testamentary disposition that fails to
comply with the Wills Act? Decidedly not. Clause 6 should not be read in
isolation. It must be construed in the context of both the entire scheme as
well as the DFA and the DOT. The Settlor was simply providing for the
termination of income distribution upon her demise. The Assets were then to be
distributed among the Beneficiaries in clearly stipulated proportions. In such
a situation as observed by Pape J in _Beyer v Beyer_ [1960] VR 126 at 128,
130–131:

To say that the deed had no force or effect until the death … is to
misconceive the situation. … Once it is realized that the parties here were
concerned only with the actual shareholding at death, it is apparent that it
is not correct to say that no obligations arose immediately on the execution
of the deed … These covenants imposed immediate obligations upon them –
obligations which were not to be performed, it is true, until the death of
Guido Henry Beyer, but present obligations none the less, and there is nothing
in the deed which enables them to avoid those obligations. …

…

The provision that the executors of Guido Henry Beyer are to transfer the
shares to the plaintiffs is not a mere direction to personal representatives,
which they are at liberty to disregard. … [Griffith CJ in _Re Sheppherd_
(1893) 5 QLJ 116 at 117] said: “… In saying that death is the event that is to
give effect to the instrument it is to be understood that the instrument does
not become binding until after death, and not merely that the performance of
the obligations or enjoyment of the benefits imposed or conferred by it, is
postponed until after death. In other words, the instrument must be revocable.
Whenever a question arises as to the testamentary character of a paper, an
invariable test to be applied is whether the instrument is revocable. _In the_
_Goods of Robinson_ (1867), L.R. 1 P. & D. 384.”

Later in the same year, his Honour decided _Re Reid_ (1893), 5 Q.L.J. 120 and
at p. 123 said: “ _In order to hold the instruments to be testamentary, I must
be satisfied that they were revocable”, and because he was of opinion that
they were not revocable, he held that they were not testamentary in
character_. The same view was taken by Wigram, V.C., in _Fletcher_ v.
_Fletcher_ (1844), 4 Hare 67; 67 E.R. 564, and by Lord Campbell, L.C., in
_Jeffries_ v. _Alexander_ (1860), 8 H.L.C. 594; 11 E.R. 562. In taking this
view regarding the importance of revocability, his Honour anticipated what
Hood, J., said in 1919 in _Re Fenton_ , [1919] V.L.R. 740; 25 A.L.R. 424,
where, at p. 744, he said: “It was argued that the real test was revocability.
But this seems only putting the same test in another form. _If the document is
not to operate until death it is revocable. If it is not revocable either by
its terms or from any other reason it is not operative only on death, and is
not a testamentary paper_.” It was this idea that was, I think, behind Mr.
Davern Wright’s submission that because Guido Henry Beyer _could_ have
disposed of all his shares during his lifetime, he had in effect a power of
revocation. But I do not think that this is so; the subject-matter of the
agreement was, as I have said, such shares as Guido Henry Beyer should hold at
his death, and _there is provided in this deed no means whereby Guido Henry
Beyer can escape from or revoke his agreement to sell those shares._

[emphasis added]

28 Quite clearly, the acid test as to whether an instrument possesses a
testamentary character is whether the instrument is revocable. The arrangement
in the instant scenario clearly fails that test. It is incorrect for the
defendants to assert that the Settlor had retained residual control over the
“remainder interest” of her assets that would arise upon her demise. That her
intention was patently otherwise is more than amply evident from both the
tenor of the DFA and the DOT as well as the unequivocal finality articulated
in seeking to resolve all issues in relation to the Assets particularised in
the Schedules. Section 6 of the Wills Act does not apply to the creation and
administration of a trust. All the Settlor was required to do for the purposes
of constituting a valid trust in this case was to furnish in writing provision
for the disposal of land in accordance with s 7 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed). This was duly complied with.

29 The case of _Wonnacott v Loewen_ (1990) 44 BCLR (2d) 23; 1990 CanLII 976 is
instructive in this regard. There, the defendant moved in with the deceased in
March 1988 and the two planned to marry when the defendant’s divorce was
granted. As the deceased wished to afford the defendant some financial
security, irrespective of the outcome of the litigation with her husband, they
consulted a solicitor. Certain documents were prepared and executed, including
a transfer of estate in fee simple of the deceased’s residence to the
defendant, to be used in the event of the deceased’s death. The terms
governing the use of these documents were duly laid out in an “escrow
agreement” which accorded the defendant an immediate right to live in the
residence; it further provided that the deceased could take the transfer back
in specified circumstances, in which he was required, _inter alia_ , to pay
the defendant $60,000. The defendant’s divorce was delayed and she was not
free to marry before the deceased died in August 1998. She obtained the
transfer and had it registered, thereby obtaining title to the residence. The
deceased’s executor brought an action to set aside the conveyance on the
ground that the agreements were testamentary and invalid to the extent they
failed to comply with the Wills Act. The action was dismissed and the executor
appealed.

30 It was held that whatever the form of a duly executed instrument, if the
person making it intended that it should not take effect until after his
death, it was entirely dependent on his death for its _vigour and effect_ ,
and was to that extent testamentary. However, if the document created a gift
_in praesenti_ , albeit to be performed after the donor’s death, it was not
dependent on his death for its vigour and effect. In that case, though the
documents when examined in isolation appeared to be testamentary, it was clear
that they had life and vigour from the beginning. The documents conferred an
interest on the defendant that had real value no matter what happened. They
gave her an immediate interest in the property and were clearly not
testamentary.

31 The court in _Wonnacott v Loewen_ declared that the test as articulated in
_Cock v Cooke_ (1866) LR 1 P & D 241 at 243 is the correct yardstick to
determine whether the disposition is of a testamentary disposition:

It is undoubted law that whatever may be the form of a duly executed
instrument, if the person executing it intends that it shall not take effect
until after his death, and it is dependent upon his death for its vigour and
effect, it is testamentary.

32 The court in _Wonnacott v Loewen_ then explained that:

For this case it is important that the test be explained, and the explanation
of Frank Ford, J.A. in _Corlet v. Isle of Man Bank Limited et al._ , [1937] 2
W.W.R. 209 (Alta. S.C. A.D.), at p 211 is generally accepted:

The fallacy in the argument based upon the “oft quoted words” of Sir J.P.
Wilde in _Cock v. Cooke_ (1866) L.R. 1 P. 241, 36 L.J.P. 5, lies in a
misunderstanding of what the words “vigour and effect” are applicable to. They
are clearly applicable not to the result to be obtained by, or to the
performance of, the terms of the instrument, but to the instrument itself. The
question is whether the instrument has vigour to effect, and does effect, or
is “consummate on execution” to effect, a gift or to create a trust. _If the
document is “consummate” to create a trust in praesenti, though to be
performed after the death of donor, it is not dependent upon his death for its
vigour and effect_.

The question to be decided here has been stated as succinctly as it can be
stated by Frank Ford, J.A. in _Anderson (Administratrix of Costello Estate) v.
Patton et al_ , [1948] 1 W.W.R. 461 (Alta. S.C. A.D.), where he said (at p.
463):

The question of whether a document evidencing a voluntary settlement, either
by way of gift, in the sense of transferring the property in question, or by
way of the creation of a trust, is or is not testamentary, depends upon the
intention of the settlor.

If the document is not intended to have any operation until the settlor’s
death it is testamentary.

If the document is intended to have and does have the effect of transferring
the property or of setting up a trust thereof _in praesenti_ , though to be
performed after the settlor’s death, it is not testamentary _._

The reservation of a power of revocation is not inconsistent with the creation
of a valid trust and does not have the effect of making the document creating
it testamentary.

[emphasis added]

In this context the observations of Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in _Baird
(Luvinia) v Baird (Dickson)_ [1990] 2 AC 548 at 557 are also germane:

So far as revocability is concerned, it is, of course, axiomatic that an
essential characteristic of a will is that, during the lifetime of the
testator, it is a mere declaration of his present intention and may be freely
revoked or altered. _It does not follow that every document intended to
operate on death and containing a power of revocation is necessarily
testamentary in character_. [emphasis added]

33 Generally speaking, whenever a declarant identifies the objects, subject
matter as well as the manner in which such subject matter shall be dealt with,
he creates a trust unless he clearly reserves a right to revoke it. It is
settled law that the Settlor’s intention is everything. Was the “trust” in
this case intended to have immediate vigour and effect or, put another way, to
operate _in_ _praesenti_? If the answer is in the affirmative it matters not
if performance or some part thereof is to take place on or after the Settlor’s
death. In the present case it was clearly the Settlor’s intention, as
manifested by cl 2 of the DOT, for the DFA and the DOT to have immediate
effect.

**_The asset issue_**

34 The defendants contend that the subject matter of the Trust cannot as a
matter of law include assets inherited by the Settlor pursuant to the
Testator’s Will. As the Testator’s estate had not been administered when the
Trust was declared, the defendants claim that the Settlor had no valid
interest that could be legally or equitably conveyed by or included in the
purported Trust. They contend that such an interest if it exists is future
property that cannot be conveyed by means of a trust without valuable
consideration. The decision of _In Re Ellenborough_ [1903] 1 Ch 697 is invoked
as the first string to their bow. In that case it was _inter alia_ stated (at
700):

The question is whether a volunteer can enforce a contract made by deed to
dispose of an expectancy. … [W]hen the assurance is not for value, a Court of
Equity will not assist a volunteer. In _Meek_ v. _Kettlewell_ [(1842) 1 Hare
464; 66 ER 1114], affirmed by Lord Lyndhurst [(1843) 1 Ph 342; 41 ER 662], the
exact point arose which I have here to decide, and it was held that a
voluntary assignment of an expectancy, even though under seal, would not be
enforced by a Court of Equity. “The assignment of an expectancy,” says Lord
Lyndhurst, “such as this is, cannot be supported unless made for a valuable
consideration.”

With respect, this objection by the defendants is misconceived. The Settlor’s
interest in the Testator’s estate at the material time amounted to more than a
bare expectancy. The Settlor was a named beneficiary in the Testator’s Will
and had a direct and real interest in his assets. This is not a case where the
Settlor had hopefully or expectantly sought to assign or convey a mere hope of
obtaining a benefit. She had already and actually obtained a benefit both in
fact and in law in the Testator’s estate upon his demise. Future property does
not include existing vested or contingent rights to obtain property at some
future time: see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ([25] _supra_) at para
110.494.

35 As their fallback position, the defendants rely on the following
observations made in _Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland) v Livingston_
[1965] AC 694 at 708:

_The assets as a whole were in the hands of the executor, his property; and
until administration was complete no one was in a position to say what items
of property would need to be realised for the purposes of that administration
or of what the residue, when ascertained, would consist or what its value
would be._ …

At the date of Mrs. Coulson’s death, therefore, there was no trust fund
consisting of Mr. Livingston’s residuary estate in which she could be said to
have any beneficial interest, because no trust had as yet come into existence
to affect the assets of his estate … so Mr. Livingston’s property in
Queensland, real or personal, was vested in his executors in full right, and
no beneficial property interest in any item of it belonged to Mrs. Coulson at
the date of her death.

[emphasis added]

36 This accurate but nevertheless spartan legal proposition does not take into
account the issue of whether such an interest can be conveyed either in law or
in equity. The Privy Council itself in that case emphasised that while the
residuary legatee may not have equitable interest in any particular property,
he does have an interest to ensure that the assets are properly dealt with and
that the rights that will accrue are properly safeguarded; he “can be said,
therefore, to have an interest in respect of the assets, or even a beneficial
interest in the assets, so long as it is understood in what sense the word
‘interest’ is used” (at 713).

37 The legal position on disposing or assigning the rights possessed by a
devisee or residuary legatee during this interim period is articulated with
the utmost clarity in Underhill & Hayton, _Law Relating to Trust and Trustees_
, (Butterworths, 16th Ed, 2003) at p 18:

During the period of administration those interested under a will or intestacy
only have an equitable right or chose in action to have the deceased’s estate
properly administered, _though this chose may be disposed of by will or inter
vivos, whether expressly or by operation of law_ upon the bankruptcy of the
residuary legatee. Thus, while a devisee of land comprised in an
unadministered estate cannot convey the land _in specie_ until completion of
the administration, he can validly contract to sell land before such
completion. [emphasis added]

And at p 169:

Just as money, shares or land may be the subject matter of a trust so may
choses in action like a debt or the benefit of a contract or covenant to
transfer specific shares or land or property materialising under a will or
under the exercise of a power of appointment.

38 In _Marshall (Inspector of Taxes) v Kerr_ [1995] 1 AC 148 at 158, the right
of a beneficiary to have the estate properly administered was described as a
chose in action that could be the subject of a settlement. It must also be
pointed out that Buckley J incisively observed in _In re Leigh’s Will Trusts_
[1970] Ch 277 at 282:

This transmissible or disposable interest can, I think, only consist of the
chose in action in question with such rights and interests as it carries in
gremio, that is to say, the right to which Lord Radcliffe refers in
_Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland)_ v. _Livingston_ , in his comment,
at pp. 712, 713, on _McCaughey_ v. _Commissioner of Stamp Duties_ (1945) 46
S.R., N.S.W. 192. _If a person entitled to such a chose in action can transmit
or assign it, such transmission or assignment must carry with it the right to
receive the fruits of the chose in action when they mature. The chose in
action itself may be incapable of severance, but I can see no reason why a
person entitled to such a chose in action should not so dispose of it through
the medium of a trustee in such a way that the right to participate in its
fruits is given to several beneficiaries either in fractional shares or by any
other method of division that a trustee or the court can carry out._ [emphasis
added]

This rather accurately sums up the position. The Settlor’s manifest intention
was to transfer this right to the beneficiaries immediately upon the execution
of the Trust. This right was to materialise in the apportioned shares of her
estate once the administration was completed. In the circumstances, the
Settlor was able to promptly and immediately convey to the Beneficiaries
immediately upon execution of the DFA and the DOT all her interests and rights
in the estate of the Testator. For completeness, I should add that even
assuming _arguendo_ that the Settlor’s interest in the Testator’s estate could
not have been conveyed, the defendants have conveniently chosen to ignore the
fact that the other Assets particularised in the Schedules were capable of
being instantly conveyed by way of an _inter vivos_ trust. The plaintiff was
therefore entitled, at the very least, to an account for all the remaining
assets stated in the Schedules. The defendants had absolutely no basis to turn
down any such request for particulars of their administration of the Settlor’s
estate.

**Conclusion**

39 The Settlor to all intents and purposes created a valid trust. It was by no
means a mere agreement to create a trust that required consideration to be
enforceable in equity. It was in any event executed by means of a series of
deeds which would inevitably allow it to be enforced in law. Furthermore, as
the Trust was part of a family arrangement, even if its scope was such that it
embraced future property, the requirement for consideration ought to be viewed
through more accommodating lenses. The Trust was unequivocal as to the
Settlor’s intention, its subject matter and objects. The trust was not a
stand-alone arrangement; it was a solemn and integral part of a family
arrangement that inexorably included and involved all the Beneficiaries;
specifically it was intended to resolve with finality all outstanding issues
and concerns arising from the Testator’s Will as well as a portion of the
Settlor’s assets. Clause 6 of the DOT is not a severable part of the DOT that
is tantamount to a testamentary disposition. It is an integral inseparable
part of the entire scheme of the family arrangement. It also bears emphasis
that the Trust clearly did not include _all_ of the Settlor’s assets. The
defendants are really in no position to complain about the distribution of the
Settlor’s Assets in the manner prescribed by the Deeds. Through the DOA they
explicitly contracted with the Settlor that all her personal properties would
be distributed in precisely the same manner as prescribed in the DOT. They
cannot possibly resile from this arrangement. The DFA and the DOT are in the
final analysis to be construed as one single document. It is patently evident
that when the Settlor signed the Deeds she intended and sought to resolve with
resounding finality the distribution and disposal of the Assets. She was fully
conscious of the distinction between a trust and a testamentary disposition or
will. She wholeheartedly and expressly intended that the Trust should come
into force immediately upon its execution and that it should be irrevocable in
relation to the Assets.

40 In the circumstances the defendants _qua_ trustees must immediately account
to the plaintiff for the administration of the Settlor’s estate and her
legitimate interests. It is hornbook law that trustees are _obliged_ to
account to beneficiaries for all aspects of the administration of their trust
as well as to keep proper and updated accounts. The defendants have in this
case been both tardy and remiss in discharging their solemn obligations in
their capacity as trustees. Both the Testator’s and the Settlor’s estates are
nothing less than substantial; they are valued to be several tens of millions
of dollars. It is both puzzling and disappointing that the first and second
defendants, in particular, are persisting, with the same misplaced ardour,
their legal wrangling almost a decade after the Testator’s death. This
dismaying turn of events and lamentable conduct must have been well beyond the
imagination or contemplation of both the Testator and the Settlor in their
twilight years.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

