Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ser Kim Koi v Metalform Asia Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 178

Case Number | : | OS 1407/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yeong Zee Kin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Adrian Tan with Vanita Jegathesan for the plaintiff; Moiz Sithawalla with Lavinia Rajah for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ser Kim Koi — Metalform Asia Pte Ltd   
  
31 August 2006

AR Yeong Zee Kin:

1\. The Plaintiff is a director of the Defendant company. In a related suit
427 of 2006, the Plaintiff and his brother George Ser (the Sers) are seeking a
declaration that the company is insolvent and that the other 4 directors of
the company are in breach of their fiduciary duties; the company and the
directors have counterclaimed that the Sers are the ones in breach of their
fiduciary duties.

2\. This present originating summons is taken out by the plaintiff to obtain
from the defendant company copies of an engagement letter which the defendant
company had issued to their auditors PriceWaterhouseCoopers and drafts of the
auditors’ report (the PWC report) which the defendant company had obtained.
The relevant facts are as follows.

3\. The Sers are shareholders of another company, Holland Leedon which is a
creditor of the defendant company. In an earlier matter, they had taken the
view that the defendant company was insolvent and have thus issued a statutory
demand against it. This matter is on appeal to the Court of Appeal.

4\. Consonant with their views, they obtained an auditor’s report from
Deloitte and Touche (the D&T report) to the effect that the defendant company
is insolvent. This report was obtained on or about 24 April 2006 and given to
the other directors during a board meeting on that day or very soon after. The
directors took a different view and—through the defendant company’s
solicitors—engaged PriceWaterhouseCoopers to prepare a report to address the
D&T report and to also advise the company on its financial position.

5\. During a board meeting on 5 July, the directors were informed that a draft
report had been prepared and there was an agreement amongst the directors that
they will await the final report before making a decision. The Sers made a
request on the following day, 6 July, for the draft report and engagement
letter. On 7 July, Suit 427 of 2006 was commenced seeking a declaration that
the defendant company was insolvent and that the other directors were in
breach of their fiduciary duties. The PWC report was finalised and issued on
11 July.

6\. The plaintiff’s position is that _qua_ director, he is entitled to both
the engagement letter and drafts of the PWC report under section 199 of the
Companies Act and common law. The defendant company resists this on the
grounds that the plaintiff is only entitled to these documents where he needs
them to discharge his fiduciary duties and that in the present circumstances,
he was not only in a position of conflict but also that these documents were
covered by legal advice privilege. The plaintiff’s response is that there is
no conflict between the plaintiff and the defendant company and that since the
final report was disclosed, legal advice privilege had been waived.

7\. I approach this in the following manner. First I consider whether the
plaintiff is entitled to the documents either under section 199 of the
Companies Act or common law. Next, whether the plaintiff is disentitled by
reason of a conflict of interest or legal advice privilege.

8\. The first issue is straightforward. The relevant sub-section of section
199 of the Companies Act states:

**Accounting records and systems of control.**

**199.** —(1) Every company and the directors and managers thereof shall cause
to be kept such accounting and other records as will sufficiently explain the
transactions and financial position of the company and enable true and fair
profit and loss accounts and balance-sheets and any documents required to be
attached thereto to be prepared from time to time, and shall cause those
records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be conveniently and
properly audited.

9\. The PWC report deals with the financial position of the defendant company
and I would interpret section 199(1) of the Companies Act expansively to
include the letter of reference and draft reports under the umbrella of ‘other
records’ in that section. Although these documents were prepared by the
defendant company’s solicitors and an external auditor, once they were
received by the defendant company, whereupon they formed part of its records.
Access should be given to the plaintiff in order for him to carry out his
statutory duty under section 199(1) to “explain the … financial position of
the [defendant] company”.

10\. Since the plaintiff is entitled, is he somehow disentitled to copies of
these documents by reason of conflict of interest or legal advice privilege? I
consider first the issue of conflict of interest. As I had opined during
submissions, the issue is not so much whether the documents will place the
plaintiff in a position of conflict but whether the plaintiff was already in a
position of conflict and that the documents should therefore not be given to
him. Quite apart from the view which I may have held in an earlier
application, recent developments leave no doubt in my mind that the Sers (and
hence the plaintiff) are in a position where their interests are potentially
in conflict with those of the defendant company’s. From the chronology of
events, it is clear that the Sers are taking the position that the defendant
company is insolvent. By commencing Suit 427 of 2006 before receipt of the
final PWC report, it is quite clear that they are not backing down from that
position. The PWC report expresses the view that while the defendant company
faces financial difficulties, there is no conclusive evidence to show that it
is technically insolvent.

11\. There is clear conflict in that the Sers as shareholders of creditors are
interested in preventing the defendant company from carrying on trading
thereby incurring more debt as this may potentially reduce the assets of the
defendant company that they, as creditors, may have recourse to. As directors,
they are interested to prevent the defendant company from fraudulent trading
as they may be potentially personally liable as directors. These flow from
their view that the defendant company is insolvent.

12\. The remaining directors and the company do not think that the defendant
company is insolvent. Their interest is to continue trading in order to get
the defendant company out of its financial difficulties.

13\. From the above, the interests of the plaintiff and the defendant company
are clearly in conflict. Bearing in mind that the plaintiff already has a copy
of the final PWC report, I do not think that disclosure of the letter of
engagement or draft reports will be used by the plaintiff to enable him to
express a view of the defendant company’s financial position. He already has a
fairly entrenched view. There is a real likelihood that the plaintiff will use
these documents to further his interests in preventing the defendant company
from trading and to widen the schism between the Sers and the other directors
and the defendant company.

14\. I turn now to the question of legal privilege. From the chronology of
events—and palpably from the opening paragraph of the PWC report—the report
was prepared to counter the D&T report. The defendant company asserts legal
advice privilege in that disclosure of the letter of engagement and drafts of
the report will substantially disclose the legal input or advice provided by
the defendant company’s solicitors Tan Rajah & Cheah. The plaintiff argues
that since the final report has been disclosed, there is waiver. I do not
agree.

15\. In the final report, any legal advice which may have been provided by the
defendant company’s solicitors have been commingled within and forms part of
the auditors’ report. The legal advice that the defendant company asserts
privilege over are the earlier advice in the drafts – not the final report. I
think that this falls squarely within the case of _Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and Others_ [2006] 3 SLR 441; [2006] SGHC 91, where Belinda Ang J
disallowed requests by the plaintiffs (the defendant company’s banks) for
drafts of an accountants’ report on the ground that the report was a joint
effort of the company’s accountants and solicitors which was covered by legal
advice and litigation privilege.

16\. The plaintiff attempted to distinguish _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
Others_ by arguing that, as opposed to the present case where there was waiver
of legal privilege by the disclosure of the final report, there was no waiver
in _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Others_ as there was no final report nor
were the drafts disclosed. Further, the plaintiff was a director of the
defendant company whereas in _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Others_ ,
the plaintiffs requesting for the draft reports were the company’s banks and
hence external to the company.

17\. As I said earlier, I do not think that mere disclosure of the final
report amounts to waiver of the legal advice privilege that the defendant
company is entitled to assert over the legal advice identifiable in the
earlier drafts. In the final report, what is presented is the final product of
the auditors and the legal input of the company’s solicitors is not
immediately or clearly identifiable. This is to be contrasted with the
disclosure of the various draft versions leading to the final report. Legal
input by the defendant company’s solicitors could appear in the earlier drafts
as annotations, comments, editions, etc. If not so evident, than by careful
study and juxtaposition of the drafts, it is possible to infer the legal input
that the defendant company’s solicitors have provided. Unless legal advice is
clearly identifiable in the final report, disclosure of the final report
cannot be taken to amount to waiver of legal advice privilege.

18\. Further, I see no difference in the nature of the assertion of
entitlement. In _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Others_ , the plaintiffs’
entitlement was based on discovery in the process of litigation. In the
present case, the plaintiff’s entitlement derives from section 199 of the
Companies Act and his position as a director. In both cases, the person
seeking disclosure has first to show entitlement. Legal advice privilege
operates to prevent disclosure. The fact that the banks in _Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and Others_ were external to the defendant but the
plaintiff in the present case is a director of the defendant company makes no
difference. First, the applicant has to show entitlement to the documents
discovery is requested of and then the respondent has to show why the
applicant’s request should be denied.

19\. From the chronology of events in the present case and the opening
paragraph of the report, it is clear that the PWC report was obtained to
counter the P’s position and the D&T report. It was clear from submissions
that the plaintiff was external to the process of procuring the PWC report.
There is a clear split between the Sers on the one camp and the remaining
directors and the company on the other. I have also earlier expressed my views
on the intransigency of their positions. This would be a clear case where the
company is entitled to assert legal advice privilege against some of its
directors, namely the Sers.

20\. For these reasons, the plaintiff’s application is disallowed.

Plaintiffs’ application is disallowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

