Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chua Kim Leng (Cai Jinling) v Phillip Securities Pte Ltd  
[2006] SGHC 221

Case Number | : | Suit 656/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheah Kok Lim (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiff/respondent; Benjamin Sim and Tan Beng Swee (Shenton LLC) for the defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Chua Kim Leng (Cai Jinling) — Phillip Securities Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Whether contract vague and ambiguous – Whether
contract void for uncertainty  
  
Contract – Intention to create legal relations – Whether email exchange
between the parties reflected an intention to enter into legal relationship  
  

28 November 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 The plaintiff was employed as a dealing director with the defendant, a
securities company which is a member of the Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Ltd (“SGX”).

2 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant was for commission due to her,
that being an agreed share of the fees earned by the defendant in respect of a
share offer by Tiong Woon Corporation Holding Ltd (“TWC”) underwritten by the
defendant. Details of the arrangement between the parties are set out later
herein.

3 Prior to her employment with the defendant, the plaintiff was a vice-
president with OCBC Securities Pte Ltd (“OCBC Securities”), another securities
company. The plaintiff was asked to join the defendant by a former colleague,
one Lim Han Boon, who had himself moved from OCBC Securities and joined the
defendant as a dealer in April 2004.

4 The plaintiff averred that it was an express term of her employment that the
defendant would extend to her a loan of $160,000 (“the loan”) to pay moneys
owing from her to OCBC Securities. As evidenced by a promissory note dated 12
August 2004, the plaintiff obtained the said loan of $160,000 from the
defendant’s associate company, Phillip Credit Pte Ltd (“Phillip Credit”),
presumably through arrangements made by the defendant as the plaintiff did not
apply to Phillip Credit for such a loan.

5 According to the defendant, the plaintiff needed the loan as two of her
customers at OCBC Securities had incurred contra or trading losses for which
she had to indemnify OCBC Securities. The plaintiff claimed that the loan was
to be set off from commission or moneys earned by her whilst working for the
defendant. However, the defendant denied that there was any agreement for the
loan to be paid from such commission or moneys earned by the plaintiff.
Instead, the defendant alleged that the plaintiff promised and undertook to
pay $5,000 per month as her two customers at OCBC Securities would pay her a
combined sum of $5,000 per month.

6 That aside, as noted above (at [2]), the plaintiff claimed that she had
entered into an agreement with the defendant to share the commission to be
earned by the defendant in respect of a share offer by TWC which offer was
underwritten by the defendant. The plaintiff’s case was that the terms of the
agreement were evidenced by an e-mail and the attachment thereto sent by the
defendant’s senior manager, one Melvin Yong Heng Yew (“Yong”), to the
plaintiff on 4 January 2005 (“4 January e-mail”) and another e-mail Yong sent
her on 5 January 2005 (“5 January e-mail”). According to the plaintiff, those
e-mails were the culmination of a series of e-mail exchanges between her and
Yong as to the TWC deal since December 2004.

7 The plaintiff claimed that the defendant agreed, as evidenced by the terms
of agreement set out in the 4 January e-mail attachment prepared by Yong,
that:

(a) The plaintiff would be paid a commission for the introduction of the
client, TWC, and for securing the offer of the shares.

(b) There would be offered, by way of a preferential _pro rata_ placement,
approximately 80 million shares in TWC valued at approximately $23.446m at 30
cents per share.

(c) One of the controlling shareholders of TWC, Ang Choo Kim and Sons, would
take up $10m worth of shares amounting to 42.65% of the shares that were to be
offered.

(d) The rest of the $13.446m worth of shares would be offered to existing
shareholders and underwritten by the defendant.

(e) In the event the defendant was obliged to take up the unsubscribed
portion, the plaintiff would place them out to third parties. If the plaintiff
was unable to fully place out the unsubscribed portion, the plaintiff would
indemnify the defendant for any losses suffered by the defendant in having to
close out the open position.

(f) The fee that the defendant would earn from the preferential offer exercise
would be 2.9% of the $23.446m (dollar value), amounting to $680,000.

(g) Of the fee referred to in (f), the plaintiff would be entitled to 63%,
_ie_ , $430,000 whilst the defendant would receive $250,000.

8 In or about February 2005, SGX informed TWC’s lawyers that they should
proceed with the offer of shares as a rights issue rather than as a
preferential _pro rata_ share offer. Thereafter followed various attempts by
TWC to vary the structure of the offer so that it could still proceed with a
placement. It is unnecessary to detail the various attempts and it suffices to
say that in mid-March 2005, the SGX reiterated that the preferential offer to
shareholders was essentially a rights issue and had to proceed as such.
Accordingly, it was finally decided that the offer would proceed as a rights
issue. The principal difference between a rights issue and the intended
preferential _pro rata_ offer to shareholders was that in a rights issue in
accordance with SGX rules, shareholders could renounce their entitlement
thereunder in favour of a third party.

9 On 18 April 2005, the defendant entered into an underwriting agreement with
TWC in relation to the latter’s rights issue. Under that rights issue
exercise, 112,525,470 shares were to be offered by TWC to its shareholders at
an issue price of 21 cents for each rights share on the basis of one rights
share for every two existing shares. Ang Choo Kim & Sons who had an interest
in 42.7% of the issued and paid up capital of TWC gave an irrevocable
undertaking to take up all their entitlement under the rights issue. The
defendant agreed to underwrite the remaining rights shares.

10 Under the underwriting agreement, commission was reduced to $520,000 from
the $680,000 first proposed in January 2005 partly because it was agreed
between the defendant and TWC that another financial institution, Hong Leong
Finance Ltd, would be appointed manager of the rights issue in place of the
defendant. The rights issue exercise was completed on 5 August 2005, all
rights shares having been fully subscribed.

11 While the structure of the TWC share offer was evolving, changes were also
taking place in the plaintiff’s salary. Her initial salary was progressively
reduced from $5,000 per month to $3,000 per month, to $1,000 per month and
finally to $100 per month on 1 May 2005 which was less than two weeks after
the underwriting agreement with TWC was signed on 18 April 2005. According to
the defendant, this was because of the plaintiff’s poor performance. The
plaintiff, however, contended that after the TWC deal had been secured, the
defendant wanted to get rid of the plaintiff as they had no further use for
her.

12 The plaintiff’s employment was terminated by the defendant on 27 June 2005
with immediate effect. The defendant’s entitlement to do so was a matter of
contention, but that is not material to the present case. The termination was
followed by another notice by the defendant ceasing their sponsorship of the
plaintiff as a trading representative.

13 According to the plaintiff, TWC was scheduled to pay the defendant the
commission in the sum of $520,000 on 11 August 2005. On 12 August 2005, she
received a message from Yong to attend a meeting at the defendant’s premises.
At the meeting on the same day, she was told she would be paid a sum of
$177,847.76 and that the sum would be offset against the loan she had taken.
(I should perhaps add that the actual sum offered was $10,000 more. That
additional amount, as it later emerged from the evidence, represented a
referral fee as to which there appeared to have been no agreement between the
parties. Presumably, this was why the plaintiff left it out from her present
claim.) At the meeting, Yong offered no explanation as to how the figure of
$187,847.76 was arrived at. The plaintiff did not accept the figure as
correct. On 15 August 2005, Yong telephoned her to say that the defendant’s
managing director, one Lim Wah Tong (“Lim”), wanted her to either accept the
sum of $177,847.76 or otherwise state her stand.

14 On 18 August 2005, the plaintiff wrote to the defendant, asking for the sum
of $177,847.76 to be offset against the loan but also asked to be paid the
difference between that and the sum of $327,600 (that being 63% of the total
commission of $520,000 earned by the defendant) to which the plaintiff claimed
to be entitled. In the event, the defendant failed to pay any part of the
$327,600 either towards offsetting the loan or directly to the plaintiff.

15 On 2 September 2005, the solicitors for Phillip Credit sent the plaintiff a
letter of demand for repayment of the loan and interest. This was followed by
a statutory demand for the loan and interest under the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2000 Rev Ed).

16 The plaintiff commenced this action on 16 September 2005 and on 27
September 2005 applied to set aside the statutory demand. She succeeded in
doing so and Phillip Credit’s appeal against the setting aside was dismissed
by Belinda Ang J with costs.

17 The plaintiff did not deny that she was liable to repay the loan. She
claimed, however, that in accordance with the agreement she had with the
defendant, part of the commission she had earned from the TWC deal should be
set off against the loan.

18 The plaintiff claimed that even after the moneys advanced by the defendant
to her were set off, there would still be a balance of $153,160.58 (_ie_ ,
$327,600 less $174,439.42, the latter sum being the loan payable with interest
computed at 9% as at 11 August 2004) due to the plaintiff from the defendant.
The plaintiff claimed this sum in the proceedings before me. In the
alternative, in the event that I found that the plaintiff was not entitled to
set off the outstanding amounts due under the loan against the moneys due to
her from the defendant, she claimed the full sum of $327,600 by way of
commission from the defendant for introducing TWC as a client. Alternatively,
the plaintiff claimed from the defendant commission in sum of $520,000 or such
sum as the court deemed just or reasonable remuneration.

**Sharing of commission**

19 The principal question in this case was whether there was an agreement
between the parties for the sharing of commission from the TWC share offer.

20 The defendant raised many issues but, from a perusal of the same, it would
appear as if the issues originated from a pedantic invocation of rules,
chapter by chapter from a contract textbook, than from a realistic appraisal
of the case as a whole.

21 First, it was alleged that there was no intention to create legal relations
between the parties.

22 It was common ground that the plaintiff’s case rested upon the exchange of
e-mails between her and her superior, Yong, on 4 and 5 January 2005 and in
particular the attachment to Yong’s 4 January e-mail amending the plaintiff’s
e-mail attachment of the same day. Material parts of the same are set out
below:

_E-mail_ :

From: Chua Kim Leng …

Sent: 04 January 2005 15:41

To: melvin@phillip.com.sg; jackkang@phillip.com.sg

Subject: Proposed TWC Placement

Dear Sirs,

as spoken earlier, i have made the necessary changes to the 1st draft proposal
and attached is the new proposal for the abovementioned exercise. It is very
brief so please let me know if there is anything else i should add.

hope to get approval for it soon so i can move forward with the deal.

Thanks and best regards.

_Attachment_ :

**Tiong Woon Corporation Pro Rata Placement 2004/2005**

**Deal Structure:** Pro Rata placement (Preferential Offer) to All existing
TWC shareholders. Controlling shareholder Ang Choo Kim and Sons (ACK) to
subscribe for 100% of its 42.65% entitlement from preferential offer. Balance
57.35% to await for other shareholders’ subscription. Phillip Securities to
take up whatever amount not subscribed.

**Proposal:** Phillip Securities propose to do deal on board basis (ie
consider done deal).

**Deal Size:** 23.446 million Singapore Dollars. ACK to take up 10 million in
the exercise, leaving 13.446 million for other shareholders.

**Offer Price:** around 30 Singapore cents

**Estimated Feed in Dollars:** 680k Singapore Dollars

**Estimated Fee in Percentage:** 2.9%

**TR Fee Sharing:** 2.9%

**Phillip Fee Sha** r**ing:** 60%

_E-mail:_

From: Melvin Yong

To: Chua Kim Leng; Lim Wah Tong PSPL; Jack Kang

Sent: Tuesday, January 04, 205 4:28PM

Subject: Proposed TWC Placement

Deal approved as per attachment. Please note that this is only the financial
terms. We still need to take care of the execution and documentation of the
deal. Regards. Melvin.

_Attachment:_

**Tiong Woon Corporation Pro Rata Placement 2004/2005**

**Deal Structure:** Pro Rata placement (Preferential Offer) to All existing
TWC shareholders.

(1) Controlling shareholder Ang Choo Kim and Sons (ACK) to subscribe for 100%
of its 42.65% entitlement from preferential offer. Balance 57.35% to await for
other shareholders’ subscription.

(2) TR will source for placees in the event that Phillip has to take up
unsubscribed portion.

(3) Phillip Securities to take up whatever amount that TR is not able to place
out. In such an event, the TR will be responsible for any losses in closing
out the open positions.

**Proposal:** Phillip Securities propose to do deal on bought basis (ie
consider done deal).

**Deal Size:** 23.446 million Singapore Dollars. ACK to take up 10 million in
the exercise, leaving 13.446 million for other shareholders.

**Offer Price:** around 30 Singapore cents

**Estimated Feed in Dollars:** 680k Singapore Dollars

**Estimated Fee in Percentage:** 2.9%

**TR Fee Sharing:** $430,000

**Phillip Fee Sharing:** $250,000

_E-mail_ :

From: Chua Kim Leng …

Sent: 04 January 2005 16:31

To: Melvin Yong

Subject: Re: Proposed TWC Placement

btw boss, when do i get the commission payout after the deal is completed? The
following month?

From: Melvin Yong

To: Chua Kim Leng

Sent: Wednesday, January 05, 2005 9.22AM

Subject: Proposed TWC Placement

Yes. We would pau [_sic_] out the following month. Regards. Melvin.

From: Chua Kim Leng …

Sent: 05 January 2005 14:23

To: Melvin Yong

Subject: Proposed TWC Placement

thanks boss.

23 A comparison of the two attachments will show, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) The plaintiff had provided for a 60% share of the commission for herself
while Yong amended it to a lump sum of $430,000 out of $680,000.

(b) Whereas the plaintiff was silent on her responsibility for any under-
subscription, Yong had specifically spelt out:

(i) her responsibility for placing out shares in the event that the defendant
was obliged to take up under-subscribed shares; and

(ii) her liability to indemnify the defendant if she failed to do so.

24 To suggest that such exchange did not show an intention to create legal
relations is disingenuous. Clearly the e-mails exchanged were not “the sports
of an idle hour, mere matters of pleasantry and badinage, never intended by
the parties to have any serious effect whatever”: per Lord Stowell in
_Dalrymple v Dalrymple_ (1811) 2 Hag Con 54 at 105. In matters of commerce,
there is a rebuttable presumption that the parties intended to create legal
relations. Absent any rebuttal the parties must be taken to have intended to
enter into a contract.

25 The defendant next contended that the 4 and 5 January e-mails were vague,
uncertain and incomplete. In support of this contention, the defendant raised
a host of questions which, it alleged, ought to have been addressed failing
which there could not be any agreement.

26 The issue of uncertainty is often raised in conjunction, and sometimes
overlaps, with the issue of whether or not the parties intended to create
legal relations. The requirement for certainty arises because unless a
contract is certain, it would be incapable of enforcement. Looked at from this
perspective, it becomes immediately obvious that the questions raised by the
defendant do not need to be answered in order that the contract is
enforceable. For example, it was said that the e-mails did not state what
would happen if the fee payable by TWC was increased or reduced (or if an
external corporate finance team was engaged). Further, it was said that the
e-mail exchange did not say what the position would be if there was a change
in the proposed deal structure or if the subscription price per share was not
30 cents or if the deal size was not as described.

27 I must say that if the defendant’s contention was to be upheld, one could
renege on almost any contract simply by raising questions and claiming that
the contract was void for uncertainty. It is one thing to say that the
contract could not apply because the circumstances had changed in a manner not
contemplated by the parties. It is quite another to say that there was no
contract at all because of uncertainty. In my view, the e-mails were not
vague, uncertain or incomplete; even if the attachment to Yong’s 4 January
e-mail could have been drafted with more detail, there is sufficient content
to constitute an enforceable contract.

28 The defendant next argued that the plaintiff had been informed of the
defendant’s request for a formal fee agreement between them to set out the
terms clearly so as to avoid complications.

29 The defendant’s manager in charge of Mergers and Acquisitions/Capital
Markets, one Tan Meng Heng (“Tan”), gave evidence that as early as 14 October
2004, he informed the plaintiff by e-mail that his superior, one Francis Lee,
wanted to document the fee arrangements between the plaintiff and the
defendant to avoid future complications.

30 However, the plaintiff did not revert on the draft Memorandum of Agreement
that was given to her by Tan at his office (“the draft Memorandum”).

31 It was contended that the plaintiff knew that the evidence was damaging to
her as it showed that she was informed of the defendant’s requirement for a
formal fee agreement and had not reverted to the defendant. In her evidence,
she said that she had not been given a copy of the draft Memorandum. I made no
finding on this question.

32 Even if the plaintiff did receive the draft Memorandum, this was overtaken
by the e-mail exchanges between the plaintiff and Yong on 4 and 5 January
2005. It is to be noted that whereas the proposed fee in the draft Memorandum
was lower, it was without indemnity by the plaintiff. The plaintiff was
required to place out shares and if the plaintiff succeeded in doing so, the
plaintiff would get a fee. However, if she did not, she attracted no
liability. The plaintiff’s obligations under the e-mail exchanges were clearly
more onerous.

33 A further noteworthy point is that the draft Memorandum was equally brief
in regard to the terms of agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant.
That being so, how could the defendant complain that the e-mails of 4 and 5
January were vague or incomplete, or that they gave rise to complications
which could have been avoided?

34 The defendant next contended that the 4 and 5 January e-mails were informal
and subject to contract. For this proposition, it relied on the following
words in Yong’s 4 January e-mail:

Deal approved as per attachment. Please not that this is only the financial
terms. We still need to take care of the execution and documentation of the
deal. Regards. Melvin.

35 It seemed to me much more likely that Yong was referring to the deal
between the defendant and TWC when he referred to the need to “take care of
the execution and documentation of the deal”. Whilst of course the TWC deal
was subsequently documented, there is no evidence that the defendant called
for further documentation of the agreement between the plaintiff and itself
after the exchange of the 4 and 5 January e-mails. Besides, under cross-
examination, Yong admitted that he had reached an agreement with the plaintiff
at a meeting with her on 3 or 4 January 2005 whereafter he prepared the
attachment of 4 January 2005.

36 The defendant’s final argument against there being an agreement between the
parties was that there was no offer and acceptance. In short, the argument was
that the plaintiff, by saying “thanks” in her 5 January e-mail, could not be
said to have accepted the defendant’s offer. In my view, the defendant was
clutching at straws when it made such an assertion.

37 To my mind, the exchange of correspondence only served to show that the
parties considered themselves bound by the agreement. If the shoe were on the
other foot and the defendant was seeking an indemnity from the plaintiff for
failure to find placees to take up an under-subscription, I have little doubt
that the plaintiff could not escape liability by contending that she had
merely said “thanks”.

38 In conclusion, my finding is that there was an agreement between the
parties for the sharing of the commission from the TWC share offer.

39 In the event that the court found that there was an agreement between the
parties, the defendant next put up several added lines of argument.

40 First, it contended that the agreement between the parties was in respect
of a preferential offer to shareholders on a placement basis and did not apply
to a rights issue. Accordingly, it was contended that the defendant had not
agreed that if the rights issue was not fully taken up by the shareholders,
the underwritten portion was to be placed out to third parties by the
plaintiff.

41 In support of this contention, the defendant pointed out that after TWC’s
decision to proceed with a renounceable rights issue cum placement, the
plaintiff sought to clarify with Yong whether there would be any change to her
commission sharing arrangement with the defendant. In her e-mail of 23 March
2005 (“23 March e-mail”) to Yong, she had said:

As for commission sharing with TR, kindly advise how much the TR will get in
terms of sharing of underwriting n [_sic_] placement fee since TR is to source
for placees as per the original plan.

The plaintiff explained, under cross-examination, that she had asked the
question just to re-confirm. She went on to say that Yong had told her that
the commission due to her would remain the same. However, this was not in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief. On his part, Yong said, in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, that sometime after 23 March 2005 he informed the plaintiff
that as the structure of the fund-raising for TWC was still not confirmed, the
defendant would talk about her fees later. I found that somewhat implausible.
Given that the plaintiff had already introduced the TWC deal (_albeit_ still
evolving) she would not have accepted such a non-committal reply. Under cross-
examination, Yong had confirmed that when the plaintiff sought the
clarification (or, according to the plaintiff, re-confirmation), the
plaintiff’s obligations had not changed. If so, how could the defendant’s
obligations have ceased then?

42 In this context, it is noteworthy that Yong had conceded, under cross-
examination, that as at January 2005 when he discussed the TWC deal structure,
it was still early in the day. He had _expected_ that the deal would see some
changes thereafter. However, he added that he was concerned to see that the
risk would be taken care of; if so, the defendant would pay the plaintiff the
$430,000.

43 Yong accepted that as the details of the TWC deal were still being worked
out in January 2005, it would not have been reasonable to expect the plaintiff
to find investors to enter into agreements in January 2005. According to Yong,
she had to fulfil this obligation only when the TWC deal was crystallised. Yet
in spite of this, Yong agreed to the sharing of commission as set out in the
attachment to his 4 January e-mail without qualification; as set out therein,
the obligation of the plaintiff was to find placees only in the event the
defendant was obliged to take up unsubscribed shares failing which the
plaintiff would indemnify the defendant for any losses arising therefrom.

44 In further support of the defendant’s contention that the agreement (the
terms of which were spelt out in Yong’s 4 January e-mail attachment) did not
apply to the rights issue as eventually carried out, the defendant sought to
suggest that the risks it assumed under a rights issue were greater than under
the _pro rata_ placement offer to shareholders. It is noteworthy that so far
as the SGX was concerned, the preferential offer was essentially the same as a
rights issue.

45 Yong went to some lengths in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief to
elaborate upon the defendant’s contention that the risks were different. I was
not convinced for the following reasons:

(a) As to his averment that in a placement the defendant could carry out a
book-building exercise to ensure that shares would be taken up by investors
before deciding to proceed with the placement offer, the truth is that under
the terms as set out in Yong’s 4 January e-mail attachment, there was clear
provision for the defendant to underwrite the placement offer, _ie_ , to take
up shares in the event of under-subscription. The defendant could not ask TWC
not to proceed to issue shares just because there was insufficient interest
among the shareholders in the issue. That is the whole purpose of an
underwriting!

(b) As to his averment that the exposure of the defendant would run into
millions of dollars for which the indemnity of the plaintiff was worthless,
several points may be noted. Firstly, in view of the issue price having been
reduced to 21 cents from 30 cents (reflecting a deep discount of 30 per cent)
clearly the risk was somewhat exaggerated. Secondly, in contradiction to his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief evidence suggesting that the agreement with the
plaintiff could not have been so uncommercial bearing in mind the parlous
state of the plaintiff’s finances, Yong had stated under cross-examination
that the plaintiff’s liability was limited to only $300,000, that being what
the defendant figured would be the extent of the risk. This contradiction was
not explained.

(At risk of digressing, I must pause here to observe that the construction
urged upon me by the defendant was equally, if not more, uncommercial, _ie_ ,
that the agreement the plaintiff would be paid a commission only if there
proved to be unsubscribed shares. The contention put forth by the defendant
was that it was a condition precedent of the agreement that before the
plaintiff was entitled to a fee there had to be unsubscribed shares. In
effect, the plaintiff would not be paid for assuming the risk of under-
subscription until the risk materialised! This would be akin to having the
benefit of insurance without paying a premium. For such a contention to be
dressed up as a legal argument defies belief.)

46 In conclusion, in regard to the question whether the agreement as set out
in Yong’s e-mail attachment applied to the rights issue carried out by TWC, I
find that it did.

47 The defendant next argued that in order for the plaintiff to share in the
commission, she had to source for investors who would sign placement
agreements before the issue of the shares. This requirement was, of course,
not set out in the attachment to Yong’s 4 January e-mail. Yong sought to
explain it away by saying that the attachment did not accurately reflect the
oral agreement he had with the plaintiff on 3 or 4 January 2005 and that by
mistake he had omitted the requirement.

48 I did not believe his explanation for the following reasons:

(a) Such a requirement would have been inconsistent with the express term
contained in the attachment requiring the plaintiff to source for placees in
the event of the defendant having to take up unsubscribed shares. Clearly, as
pointed out by the plaintiff, it would not have been possible to have
placement agreements before the outcome of the offer to shareholders was
known. Without knowing how many shares were unsubscribed, the plaintiff could
not possibly have procured placement agreements. (I noted that, under cross-
examination, perhaps in recognition of this difficulty, instead of referring
to the requirement for “placement agreements” as he did in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, Yong referred to just “letters of undertaking”, those being
arguably more generic. However, in my view, such a requirement was
nevertheless inconsistent with the express term that the plaintiff’s
obligation was to source for placees in the event that the defendant had to
take up unsubscribed shares.)

(b) If there was an inadvertent omission to stipulate the requirement, it was
not explained why Yong failed to remedy such omission when he could have done
so subsequently. One golden opportunity for him to make the correction was
when the plaintiff sent him her 23 March e-mail (see above at [41]) seeking
clarification (or confirmation) as to her share of commission. That e-mail was
sent to both Yong and Lim and, very likely, they would have addressed their
minds to the question. Yet, Yong made no attempt to remedy the alleged
omission. Instead, as stated earlier, Yong confirmed under cross-examination
that the plaintiff’s obligation did not change. Although, in an attempt to
explain this omission, Yong earlier claimed that he had completely forgotten
about his 4 January e-mail until August 2005, when he received the plaintiff’s
letter of demand, when pressed he conceded that he would have recalled the
same. To my mind, his failure to remedy the alleged omission cast grave doubts
on his evidence as to the existence of the alleged further requirement.

49 The plaintiff’s evidence was that it was only in June 2005, two months
after the TWC deal had been finalised, that the defendant asked her to find
sub-underwriters and that the defendant did so because in June 2005 TWC’s
share price fell to near the issue price of 21 cents per share. She further
averred that although she was not legally obliged to, she had furnished the
defendant with the names of potential investors.

50 The defendant, on the other hand, referred to certain documents prior to
June 2005 as suggesting, inferentially, that there was a term that the
plaintiff would secure investors before the share issue. Firstly, the
defendant pointed to an e-mail dated 14 October 2004 from one Daniel of TWC to
the plaintiff in which Daniel said:

We appreciate that you have approached several potential investors which have
expressed their interest in our company.

In my view, that had little, if any, evidential value. The discussions were
then at a very early stage when the proposal was to have a rights issue
together with a placement to investors. In that context, to look for potential
investors would have been quite understandable. By the time Yong’s 4 January
e-mail was sent, almost three months later, the structure of the deal had
changed to a _pro rata_ placement to shareholders.

51 Similarly, when the plaintiff in her e-mail of 2 December 2004 referred to
having secured an institutional investor, it was in the context of a deal
structure involving a preferential offering to shareholders and a placement to
a selected institutional investor. Those e-mails could hardly be of assistance
in determining whether a later agreement providing only for a preferential
offer to shareholders included a requirement that the plaintiff secure
investors before the issue.

52 The defendant next pointed to an e-mail dated 6 April 2005 from the
plaintiff to the solicitors for the issue. In it, the plaintiff referred to
TWC having helped procure interested parties as prospective placees. The
defendant argued that this showed that the plaintiff was aware that the
defendant was to execute placement agreements with the investors. What the
defendant omitted to say was that the plaintiff envisaged that such agreements
would be entered into only when the need arose. Hence, she had added within
parentheses “(we however will discuss amongst ourselves when the need calls
for it)”. Nowhere in that e-mail did she suggest that such agreements would be
entered into before the outcome of the offer to shareholders was known.

53 Perhaps the piece of evidence which came closest to suggesting that the
parties contemplated agreements with investors being signed before the issue
was the plaintiff’s e-mail of 5 April 2005 in which she sent the names of
certain investors to the defendant under the subject heading “Sub Underwriting
(Private & Confidential)”. It would be recalled that one of the defendant’s
difficulties was in explaining how a placement agreement could be signed
before it was known how many shares were unsubscribed. A sub-underwriting
agreement is different. Unlike a placement agreement where the defendant would
be bound to place out and the placee would be bound to take up a specific
number of shares, a sub-underwriting agreement would oblige the parties
thereto to perform their part only if there was under-subscription.

54 Whilst I was inclined to believe that the plaintiff had given her e-mail
that unfavourable subject heading, I did not think such an error on her part
was decisive of the matter. The preponderance of the evidence being in her
favour, I remained of the view that there was no agreement that she had to
secure investors before the issue. In particular, I took into account the
following:

(a) Firstly, as noted previously, the terms set out in Yong’s 4 January e-mail
attachment clearly did not include such a requirement.

(b) Secondly, it was inexplicable why the defendant would offer to pay her
$177,847.76 if she was not entitled to a share of the commission. This
employer, after all, did not seem to suffer from a predilection to generosity;
witness its cutting of her pay from $5,000 all the way down to $100.

(c) Thirdly, if not for her entitlement to a share of the commission, it would
be difficult to understand why the plaintiff would have stayed on despite the
pay cuts.

(d) Fourthly, the internal memo of Tan showed as “due to Kim”, both the amount
of $177,847.76 referred to as “net underwriting commission” and a further
$10,000 “referral fee”. In other words, the plaintiff was recognised as being
entitled to the same.

(e) Fifthly, when he was cross-examined, after some wavering and despite his
stance in the affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the plaintiff was not
entitled to any fee, Yong thought the plaintiff should still get the $187,000
odd earlier offered by the defendant which it subsequently withdrew.

(f) Sixthly, despite Yong’s evidence that the plaintiff had failed to provide
details of contact persons within the placees or to arrange for the defendant
to meet with the placees, as requested by the defendant in mid-May 2005, there
was not a single e-mail from the defendant evidencing such a request.

In the result, I held that the plaintiff was entitled to a 63% share of the
$520,000 fee earned by the defendant, this percentage being the same as that
which the earlier agreed share of $430,000 bore to the total fee of $680,000.

**The loan**

55 I accepted the plaintiff’s contention that it was part of the plaintiff’s
terms of employment that the defendant arranged with Phillip Credit to extend
the loan. Clause 6(b) of the Addendum to the plaintiff’s letter of employment
with the defendants provided: “Company extends a loan of S$160,000.00. The
loan of S$160,000.00 will be repaid to us as per their current repayment
schedule”.

56 The plaintiff argued that there were two ways of paying this loan, _ie_ ,
in accordance with a repayment schedule submitted by the borrower or through
commissions earned whilst the plaintiff worked with the defendant. However, it
appeared that the plaintiff had never given a repayment schedule to the
defendant and neither did the defendants request for such a repayment schedule
from the plaintiff. I accepted the plaintiff’s testimony that it was agreed
between the parties that the loan would be repaid through the commissions the
plaintiff earned whilst working with the defendant.

57 I came to this decision particularly in the light of the fact that Phillip
Credit was prepared to leave the issue of the method and timing of payment to
the defendants alone. Indeed, according to the evidence of one Jack Kang, the
plaintiff’s immediate supervisor, Yong had the complete discretion to extend
the repayment period beyond the loan period of six months or to recover the
loan by way of deduction from commissions earned by the plaintiff whilst she
worked with the defendant.

58 I was of the view therefore that the defendant was obliged to pay Phillip
Credit the commission due to the plaintiff so that it carried into effect the
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant that repayment of the loan
would be by way of setting off commission against the loan.

59 As regards the counterclaim, I understood that the contra losses incurred
by the plaintiff’s clients had since been paid. The plaintiff also accepted
that she was liable for costs.

60 It was also disclosed, after I held in favour of the plaintiff, that the
defendant had declined an offer of settlement which was more favourable to the
defendant than under the judgment.

61 In the result, I ordered as follows:

(a) Judgment for the plaintiff for the amount claimed of $327,600 of which the
defendant is to pay $174,439.42 to Phillip Credit, on behalf of the plaintiff
in repayment of the loan with interest.

(b) In respect of $153,160.58 (being the balance of the said $327,600 after
repayment of the loan and interest), the defendant shall pay the plaintiff
interest at 6% per annum from the date of the writ.

(c) As regards the loan owing to Phillip Credit, any further interest payable
by the plaintiff thereon together with all legal costs (if any) payable to
Phillip Credit in relation to DC Suit No 784/2006 shall be borne by the
defendant by way of indemnity to the plaintiff.

(d) Costs to the plaintiff to be taxed, such costs to be on the standard basis
down to the date the plaintiff’s offer of settlement was made, _ie,_ 17 July
2006, and thereafter on an indemnity basis.

(e) In respect of the counterclaim, legal costs to the defendant to be taxed
unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

