Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yang Xi Na v Lim Chong Hong and Another (Ong Ah Seng, Third Party)  
[2006] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | Suit 405/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 May 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Rajinder Singh (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; M Ramasamy and Grace Malathy d/o Ponnusamy (William Chai & Rama) for the defendants; Fazal Mohamed and Pak Waltan (B Rao & K S Rajah) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Yang Xi Na — Lim Chong Hong; Woodlands Transport Service Pte Ltd — Ong Ah Seng   
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Collision between moving vehicle
and parked vehicle – Whether driver of parked vehicle contributing to accident
by parking vehicle where it was when accident taking place – Extent of
liability of driver of parked vehicle for accident  
  
Tort – Nuisance – Essential factors – Collision between moving vehicle and
parked vehicle – Whether parked vehicle constituting actionable nuisance where
such parked vehicle an obstruction on road  
  

31 May 2006 |  _Judgment reserved_.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is a case arising out of a motor accident between one moving vehicle
and one parked vehicle. The first vehicle was a bus conveying workers to the
factory of Tech Semiconductor Pte Ltd.

2 The accident took place on 6 August 2004 at night, at about 8.41pm. The bus
was proceeding along Woodlands Industrial Park D, Street 1 (“Street 1”), and
was already outside the factory, with one right turn to go into Woodlands
Industrial Park D, Street 2 (“Street 2”) before entering the factory gate.

3 At the stretch of Street 1 where the accident happened, there were two lanes
for traffic travelling in the direction of the bus, and one lane for traffic
travelling in the opposite direction. There was an unbroken white lane
separating the sets of lanes. There was a gate to the factory along Street 1
on the opposite side of the road to the bus, but the bus was not going to
enter the factory through this gate. It was going to go past the gate, make a
right turn from Street 1 into Street 2 and enter the factory through another
gate along Street 2.

4 The bus did not go as far as Street 2. Somewhere opposite the gate along
Street 1, it collided into the second vehicle, a motor tipper (a lorry with
the loading section that can tip backwards) parked along the left lane with no
lights on.

5 The plaintiff, who was in the bus, was injured in the accident. She sued the
bus driver and his employer. They in turn joined the driver of the tipper as a
third party in the proceedings and claimed that he should indemnify them
against the plaintiff’s claim. The third-party claim was based on the
allegation that the driver of the tipper was negligent in parking the tipper
there. They also pleaded nuisance, curiously, as one of the particulars of
negligence.

6 The bus driver had made two reports of the accident. In his police report
made on 7 August 2004, he stated:

On 6th August 2004 at about 2045hrs, I, Lim Chong Hong I/C S1392230F, driver
of PH2586G, turned right onto Woodlands Industries [_sic_] Park D St 1 towards
Tech Factory gate 2. When I approached Tech Factory Gate 1, there were
vehicles queuing to turn right into Tech Factory gate 1 at the outer lane and
I continued to advance on the left lane. As the surrounding was dim, I only
realized that there was a tipper truck, without switching on any hazard
lights, parked along the left lane when I was just a short distant [_sic_]
away. Upon realising it, I immediately swerved my vehicle to the right. As the
opposite lane was of advancing vehicles, I have to control my right swerve to
avoid these advancing vehicles. As a result, the tip of the left-hand side of
my bus collided onto the rear of the tipper truck XB 5311A.

and on the same day, he made a report to the insurers of the bus in which he
repeated _verbatim_ his police report.

7 In this action, he deposed an affidavit declaring:[note: 1]

Shortly before the accident, I had turned right into Woodlands Industrial Park
D Street 1 (“the road”) from Woodlands Avenue 3. After turning right from
Woodlands Avenue 3, I noticed that the road branched into 2 lanes. I also
noticed some cars on the extreme right lane ahead, waiting to turn right into
Tech Semiconductor Gate 1 which was located to my right.

I therefore proceeded to filter into the inner left lane. Shortly after
passing the waiting cars to my right, I suddenly noticed a large truck (with
registration number XB 5311A) (hereinafter referred to as “the truck”) parked
along the extreme left lane just in front of me. As the truck did not have its
hazard lights on and the road was not brightly lit, I did not notice its
presence until I was a short distance from it. It is not usual for vehicles to
be parked on this stretch of road as there is a continuous white line in the
middle of the road prohibiting parking. In the premises, I did not expect the
said large truck to be parked there.

I immediately applied my brakes and swerved to my right in an attempt to avoid
hitting the truck. At the same time I tried to control my swerve to the right
in order to avoid hitting approaching vehicles on the opposite lane. Despite
my attempts to avoid a collision with the truck, the left side of the bus
collided into the right rear edge of the truck.

8 He was charged with and convicted for an offence of driving without due care
and attention under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed). He
was fined $1,000 and disqualified from driving all classes of vehicles for
eight months. He had pleaded guilty to the charge and admitted the facts
presented by the Prosecution, _inter alia_ , that:[note: 2]

On the 6th  August 2004 at about 8.41pm, defendant was driving motor bus PH
2586G with about 37 passengers seated inside his vehicle. He was traveling
along the left lane of the 2-lanes, 2-way traffic of Woodlands Industrial Park
D Street 1 towards the direction of Woodlands Industrial Park D Street 2.
Somewhere near to lamppost 3, he drove without due care and attention by
failing to keep a proper lookout for a parked tipper XB 5311 A which was
parking in front of him. The defendant upon realizing the said tipper, tried
to swerve to his right however, the front left portion of his vehicle still
collided onto the rear right portion of the said tipper.

…

At the material time, the weather is fine and the road surface was dry. The
visibility was fair and traffic flow was light.

In the proceedings before me, it was alleged that the bus was speeding as it
approached the tipper, but the evidence available was inconclusive.

9 The driver of the tipper accepted an offer of composition on a charge of
parking opposite an unbroken white line, an offence under r 22(a) of the Road
Traffic Rules (Cap 276, R 20, 1999 Rev Ed). His counsel submitted that the
acceptance of the offer of composition was not an admission of guilt.
Nevertheless, the tipper driver admitted in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
that:

4\. I had parked my lorry along the extreme left side of Woodlands Industrial
Park D, Street 1 which consisted of three lanes. There were two lanes going in
the direction in which my vehicle was parked. There is one lane in the
opposite direction. I had parked my lorry on the left lane of the two lanes
going in the same direction and so there was ample space (one whole lane) on
the right side of my vehicle for other vehicles to pass without encroaching
onto the lane going in the opposite direction.

5\. I then left my vehicle to go to the turf club. When I returned to my
vehicle subsequently, I discovered that one motor bus PH 2568G had knocked
into my lorry.

10 After the bus driver and his employer accepted liability towards the
plaintiff, their claim for indemnity against the tipper driver was the sole
issue for determination.

11 It is important to consider the circumstances in which the bus collided
with the tipper. The bus had made a right turn from Woodlands Avenue 3 to get
into Street 1. At the start of Street 1, there was only one wide undivided
lane for traffic travelling in the direction of the bus. However, before
reaching the scene of the accident, a broken line was painted on the road, so
that traffic moving in that direction was separated into two lanes. There was
a gentle right bend along Street 1 after the junction with Woodlands Avenue 3
but the road had straightened out at the stretch where the accident took
place.

12 In his reports to the police and the insurers and in his affidavit, the bus
driver had stated that his bus was travelling along the left lane of the road,
whereas the vehicles turning right into the factory were on the right lane.
His explanation was that he did not notice the presence of the tipper until it
was too late because the road was dimly lit.

13 At one stage of his cross-examination, he departed from this account and
said that the vehicles waiting to turn right into the factory gate obstructed
his path, and he had to switch to the left lane where the tipper was
parked[note: 3] rather than remain on the right lane. However he withdrew this
part of the narration and confirmed that he was travelling along the left
lane.

14 From the evidence presented, I find that the road was not brightly lit.
Although there was street lighting, the street lamps were on the opposite side
of the road and there were roadside trees which would have blocked some of the
street lighting. There were also lights illuminating the factory gate, which
were not likely to have thrown much light on the tipper parked across the
road. There was a container park to the left side of the road which was lit,
but there was little evidence on the distance of the lights there and the
degree of illumination they threw on the road. In the statement of facts on
the traffic charge against the bus driver, visibility was described as “fair”.

15 I also find that the bus driver had not kept a proper lookout to the front
while he was proceeding along the left lane, probably because his attention
was diverted to the vehicles on the right lane turning into the factory gate.
He might have failed to keep a proper lookout in front because he did not
expect there to be vehicles parked on his lane. These factors, compounded by
the reduced night visibility, could have caused him to collide into the left
rear portion of the tipper when he tried too late to swerve right to avoid it.

16 The bus driver admitted that he had caused the accident, and had sought to
get the tipper driver to share the responsibility. The tipper driver, however,
did not accept any responsibility for the accident. His counsel submitted
that:[note: 4]

Although a duty is owed by the Third Party [the tipper driver] to other road
users, the real consideration in this case has to be whether the Third Party
was in fact responsible for the accident …

and that:[note: 5]

The undisputed facts are that the 1st Defendant [the bus driver] had failed to
keep a proper lookout, despite good visibility. It is submitted that the 1st
Defendant had driven at an excessive speed which impaired his ability to
manage his motor bus, thereby causing it to collide into the right side rear
of the Third Party’s lorry. In the circumstances, it is submitted that the
presence of the Third Party’s lorry on the side of the road did not contribute
to the cause of the accident at all and that the sole cause of the accident
was the 1st Defendant’s negligent management of his motor bus.

17 In the closing submissions, several cases involving collisions into parked
vehicles were referred to by counsel. Two of the cases, _Dymond v Pearce_
[1972] 1 QB 496 and _Chop Seng Heng v Thevannasan_ [1975] 2 MLJ 3 offer
guidance and assistance for the determination of this case.

18 _Dymond v Pearce_ is a decision of the English Court of Appeal. A lorry was
parked on the side of a dual carriageway road along a very shallow bend, and
beneath a street lamp. Each carriageway was 24ft wide. As the lorry was 7½ft
wide, 16ft of the carriageway was left for traffic to pass. The lorry driver
had put on his tail lights, and the street lamps were also alight, affording
excellent illumination. A motorcyclist who failed to look where he was going
collided into the lorry at about 9.45pm at night. The pillion rider of the
motorcycle sued the motorcyclist and obtained judgment against him. He also
sued the owner and driver of the lorry for negligence and nuisance. His claim
against the latter two was dismissed. He brought his case on appeal to the
Court of Appeal, where it was dismissed again.

19 Sachs LJ held, on the allegation of negligence, at 500 that:

To park a lorry, even of the size of the one under consideration, under a good
street lamp on a one-way carriage track 24 feet wide with its tail lights on
at the appropriate time cannot be said to be negligent, at any rate when there
was no evidence of difficulties likely to be caused to traffic (the traffic
was said to be light at the relevant times), or as to the risk of heavy mist
or fog supervening. Moreover, the lorry was parked in that position on a bend
which is the more likely to be clear of other vehicles pursuing a normal
course.

20 On the issue of nuisance, the learned judge stated at 501:

The law on the question of what constitutes a public nuisance in a highway is
plain, despite the fact that in certain authorities cited to us dealing with
wholly different sets of facts there can be found phrases apt to deal with
those facts which, if taken out of context, could impair the clarity of the
position. The relevant law is compactly stated in the judgment of Lord
Evershed M.R. in _Trevett_ v. _Lee_ [1955] 1 W.L.R. 113, 117 where he said:

“The law as regards obstructions to highways is conveniently stated in a
passage in _Salmond on Torts_ , 11th ed., p.303: ‘A nuisance to a highway
consists either in obstructing it or in rendering it dangerous,’ and then a
number of examples are given, which seem to me to show that, prima facie, at
any rate, when you speak of an obstruction to a highway, you mean something
which permanently or temporarily removes the whole or part of the highway from
the public use altogether.”

and at 501–502:

When looking at authorities concerned with highway nuisances it is important
to remember that there are these two categories, because otherwise phrases
relating to the second – danger – category may be read as necessarily applying
to the first – simple obstruction. It is, however, prima facie common to both
categories – which can in fact overlap – that in neither is it necessary to
prove negligence as an ingredient (see _per_ Lord Simonds in _Read_ v. _J.
Lyons & Co. Ltd._ [1947] A.C. 156, 182–183; _per_ Devlin L.J. in _Farrell_ v.
_John Mowlem & Co. Ltd._ [1954] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. 437, 440; and _per_ Denning
L.J. in _Morton_ v. _Wheeler_ [The Times (1 February 1956)]); that in both
proof of what is prima facie a nuisance lays the onus on the defendant to
prove justification (compare _Southport Corporation_ v. _Esso Petroleum Co.
Ltd._ [1954] 2 Q.B. 182); and that, of course, neither is actionable – in the
sense that a claim for damages can succeed – unless the plaintiff can
establish that damage has actually been caused to him by the nuisance.

Sachs LJ found that although nuisance was established, the accident was wholly
attributable to the negligence of the motorcyclist, and so he dismissed the
claim on nuisance as well.

21 Edmund Davies LJ took a different view on nuisance on a highway. He held
that for nuisance to be established, there must be an obstruction of the
highway and the obstruction must also constitute a danger to road users. On
the facts, he found that there was an obstruction, but it did not present a
danger and he therefore dismissed the claim on nuisance.

22 In _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 21 (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2004 Reissue),
nuisance on the highways is explained taking into account the decisions in
_Trevett v Lee_ [1955] 1 WLR 113and _Dymond v Pearce_ in para 322 thus:

It is a nuisance at common law either to _obstruct a highway_ or to _render it
dangerous_. Obstruction or hindrance may be justifiable as an exercise of
rights reserved by the dedicating owner, or as an ordinary and reasonable
exercise of the rights of a frontager, or under statutory powers. Whether an
obstruction, encroachment or other act or omission amounts to a nuisance is a
question of fact, and it may be that an obstruction is so inappreciable or so
temporary as not to amount to a nuisance. _Causing danger in a highway is a
different form of wrongful interference which need not necessarily involve
obstruction_. Generally, however, it is a nuisance to interfere with any part
of a highway. It is no defence to show that, although the act complained of is
a nuisance with regard to the highway, it is in other respects beneficial to
the public. [emphasis added]

23 Obstructions of a road vary in magnitude; they can obstruct large or small
parts of the road, and may be clearly visible and easy to get around, or may
appear without warning and be difficult to avoid. For an obstruction to
constitute an actionable nuisance, the obstruction has to be a danger to road
users.

24 When someone creates a condition on the highway which constitutes a danger
to road users, that is a nuisance whether the danger is in the form of an
obstruction or otherwise, _eg_ , where oil flows onto the road and makes it
slippery or smoke blows across the road and blocks visibility.

25 _Chop Seng Heng v Thevannasan_ ([17] _supra_) is a decision of the Privy
Council on an appeal from Malaysia. In this case, a moving lorry collided into
a stationary lorry at 3.00am in the morning. The stationary lorry was parked
along a winding road, with its lights on. It was found that conditions were
misty with reduced visibility at the time of the accident. The road was wide
enough to allow other vehicles to overtake it on the same lane.

26 In an action by a passenger of the moving lorry against both drivers and
their respective employers, the trial judge found the driver of the parked
lorry and his employer 75% liable and the driver of the moving lorry and his
employer 25% liable. On appeal to the Federal Court, it was found by a
majority that the driver of the moving lorry and his employer were fully
liable.

27 When the matter went before the Privy Council, the decision of the Federal
Court was set aside and the finding of the trial judge was restored. Lord
Edmund-Davies, in delivering the decision of the court, cited with approval
the dissenting judgment of Ong Hock Thye CJ in the decision of the Malaysian
Federal Court in _Chan Loo Khee v Lai Siew San_ [1971] 1 MLJ 253 at 254–255
that:

If parking a car, however recklessly, so as to cause needless obstruction to
other road-users, were to be held blameless, merely because other motorists
could still have room to pass, _provided they kept a proper look-out_ , then
it would appear that the deliberate parking of a car anywhere, even in the
middle of the highway, should be considered equally excusable, if not
justifiable, regardless of the fact that, by reason of such obstruction, other
motorists had come to grief by reason of their being not fully alert. In such
cases there should, in my opinion, be proper apportionment of blame, depending
on the circumstances. But, to exonerate the obstructionist completely – when
it is undeniable that, but for the presence of the obstruction, there could
not possibly have been an accident – is to ignore the principle of placing the
blame fairly on those to be blamed for their acts or omissions. In this age of
fast motor transport I think it is the duty of the courts to eschew excessive
legalism and to require that every motorist should observe the golden rule of
shewing due consideration for other road-users, or suffer the consequences of
his failure to do so. [emphasis in original]

28 Lord Edmund-Davies then addressed his mind to the case before him and found
(at 5) that:

In the present case, all three members of the Federal Court accepted the trial
judge’s finding that the first defendant had, in the words of Ali F.J.,
“parked his lorry _too close to the corner_ ”. This finding, when considered
in conjunction with the time of the accident and the weather conditions then
prevailing, makes it clear that the first and second defendants were rightly
blamed in part for the accident. It follows that, on the issue of liability,
the appeal of the fourth defendants should be allowed. [emphasis in original]

29 These two decisions are instructive in that they show that in each case,
the liability of the driver of the parked lorry was determined by a
consideration of the facts of the particular case.

30 In this case, I find these factors of particular relevance:

(a) the tipper was parked against an unbroken white line, where parking was
prohibited;

(b) the tipper blocked the path of the bus along the left lane;

(c) the tipper driver did not turn on warning lights, or do anything to alert
other road users of the presence of the tipper;

(d) visibility along that stretch of road was restricted at the time of the
accident; and

(e) other road users may not expect vehicles to be parked illegally along the
left lane of the road.

31 Counsel for the third party was correct to accept that the tipper driver
owed a duty of care to other road users. However, I cannot agree with his
submission that the tipper driver had not breached the duty when I take into
account the factors listed in the foregoing paragraph. I find that the
defendants had established their claims of negligence and nuisance against
him.

32 I find on these facts that the third party had contributed to the accident
and I order that he indemnifies the defendants against 20% of their liability
to the plaintiff.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Lim Chong Hong paras 5–7

[note: 2]Statement of facts paras 4 and 9

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence pp 123, 165–167

[note: 4]Third Party’s Opening Statement para 16

[note: 5]Third Party’s Opening Statement para 19

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

