Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vaswani Roshni Anilkumar v Vaswani Lalchand Challaram and Another  
[2006] SGCA 6

Case Number | : | CA 85/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Woo Bih Li J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the appellant; Sunil Singh Panoo (Dhillon and Partners) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Vaswani Roshni Anilkumar — Vaswani Lalchand Challaram; Lalitabai w/o Lalchand Vaswani   
  
Insurance – General principles – Claims – Deceased taking out insurance
policies prior to marriage and naming parents as beneficiaries – Contest
between parents as nominated beneficiaries under policies and deceased's wife
as beneficiary of deceased's estate over moneys from insurance policies –
Whether parents proper claimants to insurance moneys – Whether administrator
of deceased's estate entitled to sue for and receive payment of policy moneys
as forming part of deceased's estate – Whether deceased's parents or wife
should be paid insurance moneys  
  

15 February 2006

Woo Bih Li J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 The appellant is the wife of the deceased, Anilkumar Vaswani. The first
respondent is the father and the second respondent is the mother of the
deceased whom they had adopted. The dispute between the appellant and the
respondents is in relation to three insurance policies purchased by the
deceased from Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd:

(a) Policy No 16807998 commencing 28 September 1994 (“the First Policy”);

(b) Policy No 19245754 commencing 26 April 1996 (“the Second Policy”); and

(c) Policy No 19951375 commencing 31 December 1996 (“the Third Policy”).

2 The policies were purchased before the deceased’s marriage. He had named the
father as beneficiary under the First Policy and both parents as beneficiaries
under the Second and Third Policies. Although the terms of each of the
policies allowed the deceased to revoke the appointment of beneficiaries and
appoint other beneficiaries, the deceased did not revoke the said appointments
upon or after his marriage up till the time of his demise on 25 February 2003
at the age of 30. The deceased was estranged from his wife before his death.

3 According to a letter dated 27 March 2003 from the insurer to the parents,
the net amounts payable under the policies were:

(a) First Policy - 35,067.09

(b) Second Policy - 69,482.62

(c) Third Policy - 112,323.28

The total was $216,872.99. The insurer is prepared to make payment under the
policies but has refrained from doing so because of the competing claims of
the parents and the wife to the policy moneys. The parents’ position is that
as the named beneficiaries, they are entitled to the policy moneys. The wife’s
position is that the estate of the deceased is entitled and as the deceased
died intestate, she, as the wife, is entitled to half of the policy moneys. It
is undisputed that if the estate were entitled to the policy moneys, then the
parents would be entitled to the other half in their capacity as beneficiaries
of the estate and not in their capacity as named beneficiaries under the
policies.

4 The parents commenced Originating Summons No 387 of 2004 naming the wife and
the insurer as the first and second defendants respectively. The primary
relief sought by the parents was a declaration that the wife’s contest over
the policy moneys was null and void and an order that the insurer make payment
of the policy moneys to the parents forthwith. Eventually, the parents dropped
the insurer from the action on the understanding that the insurer would pay
over the policy moneys to the party declared by the court to be entitled to
the same.

5 The district judge relied on _In re Schebsman_ [1944] Ch 83 (“ _Schebsman_
”) and concluded that the parents were entitled to the policy moneys. She also
found that the father had fully paid the lump sum premium for the Second
Policy and concluded that there would have been a resulting trust of the
Second Policy in his favour. Although the insurer was no longer a party to the
action, the district judge also ordered the insurer to make payment under the
policies.

6 The wife appealed to the High Court. Choo Han Teck J decided that the three
policies were not part of the deceased’s estate and that the insurer would
have obtained a valid discharge should it make payment to the parents (see
[2005] 3 SLR 625). In the light of this, he was of the view that the privity
doctrine was of peripheral relevance. However he was inclined to find a narrow
exception to the privity rule relying on the judgment of Mason CJ and Wilson J
in _Trident General Insurance Co Ltd v McNiece Bros Pty Ltd_ (1988) 62 ALJ 508
(“ _Trident_ ”). Choo J also said that the administrator of the estate would
have been entitled to demand payment of the policy moneys and then distribute
the policy moneys to the persons entitled to them. As the insurer was no
longer a party to the action, Choo J declined to make an order against the
insurer and he dismissed the wife’s appeal in so far as her appeal was against
the declaration of the District Court that the parents were entitled to
receive the policy moneys. Being dissatisfied with Choo J’s decision, the wife
has appealed to the Court of Appeal.

**The court’s reasons and conclusion**

7 Various legislation do not address the question as to which of the competing
claimants are entitled to the policy moneys. For example, s 73(1) of the
Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) creates a statutory
trust if the insurance policy is expressed to be for the benefit of the
insured’s wife or children. However, here, the named beneficiaries were the
insured’s parents.

8 Section 61(1) of the Insurance Act (Cap 142, 2002 Rev Ed) states:

In any case where the policy owner of any life policy or accident and health
policy of an insurer dies, and the policy moneys are payable thereunder on his
death, the insurer may make payment to any proper claimant a prescribed amount
of the policy moneys of all such policies issued by the insurer on the
deceased’s life without the production of any probate or letters of
administration; and the insurer shall be discharged from all liability in
respect of the amount paid.

A “proper claimant” is defined by s 61(6)(_b_) of the Insurance Act to mean “a
person who claims to be entitled to the sums in question as executor of the
deceased, or who claims to be entitled to that sum (whether for his own
benefit or not) and is the widower, widow, parent, child, brother, sister,
nephew or niece of the deceased”.

9 As stated by Eusoff Chin J in _Manonmani v Great Eastern Life Assurance Co
Ltd_ [1991] 1 MLJ 364, in the context of s 44(1) of the Malaysian Insurance
Act 1963, which is in substance the same as s 61(1) of our Insurance Act, the
purpose of such a provision is to facilitate and expedite payment by an
insurer to a “proper claimant” without the need for the claimant to first
obtain letters of administration. Chin J was also of the view that the
provision applied where the deceased policy owner had not named any
beneficiary in the policy to receive the policy moneys upon his death, in
which case it would go to his estate, or where he had specifically stated in
the policy that the policy moneys should go to his estate. A similar view is
expressed in Poh Chu Chai, _Law of Life, Motor and Workmen’s Compensation
Insurance_ (Butterworths, 5th Ed, 1999) at p 120 which states:

When a beneficiary is named under a life insurance policy, the insurer has the
express authority of the insured to make payment under the policy to the
beneficiary upon the happening of the insured event. If no beneficiary is
named in the policy, the insurer is entitled to pay the proceeds of the policy
to a proper claimant.

The footnote at the end of this passage refers to the then s 63 of the
Insurance Act (Cap 142, 1994 Rev Ed) which is the current s 61.

10 The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap 53B, 2002 Rev Ed) does not
come into play as it is effective only from 1 January 2002.

11 In so far as Choo J was of the view that the administrator of the
deceased’s estate would have been entitled to demand payment and then
distribute the policy moneys to the person entitled to the same, Choo J seems
to have assumed that because the administrator would have been entitled to
demand payment, he would also have been entitled to receive payment. This
contradicts his finding that the policy moneys are not part of the insured’s
estate. We are of the view that at times there is confusion when the concept
of entitlement is applied in the context of a contract.

12 When it is said that a person is not “entitled” to the benefit of a
contract, one often means that because that person is not a party to the
contract, he cannot enforce it. This is based on the doctrine of privity of
contract under which only a party to a contract may enforce the contract. On
the other hand, it is often also assumed that because a person is a party to
the contract he is not only entitled to enforce it but also to receive the
benefit thereunder. That conclusion is not always correct. For example, if A
enters into a contract with B for B to supply C with certain building
materials, A is entitled to demand that B supplies C but A is not entitled to
demand that B supplies A himself. The latter would be a variation of the
contract which A cannot achieve without B’s agreement, unless the existing
contractual terms already allow A to vary unilaterally. The fact that B may be
willing to accede to A’s demand does not change the original terms of the
contract. The fact that A has _locus standi_ to sue on the contract also does
not change the terms of the contract.

13 This point is based on basic contractual principles and was recognised in
the judgment of Mason CJ and Wilson J in _Trident_ who said at 513 that:

The orthodox view is that ordinarily the promisee is entitled to nominal
damages only because non-performance by the promisor, though resulting in a
loss of the third party benefit, causes no damage to the promise …

14 Consequently, if B were to supply the materials to C in accordance with the
terms of the contract, B is not in breach of contract and A should not even be
entitled to nominal damages. The point that B would not be in breach of
contract is recognised in textbooks on insurance law. For example, Poh Chu
Chai in _Law of Life, Motor and Workmen’s Compensation Insurance_ ([9]
_supra_) states at p 118:

A person who is named as a beneficiary under a life insurance policy is not a
party to the contract of insurance. A beneficiary claims his interest in the
policy through the insured. An insurer is, however, entitled to make payment
under the policy to the beneficiary named in the policy and in doing so he
gets a discharge. By naming a beneficiary under the policy, the insured may be
taken to have expressly authorised the insurer to make payment under the
policy to the person named as the beneficiary. It is, however, doubtful
whether a beneficiary is entitled to bring an action against an insurer if the
insurer refuses to make payment to the beneficiary as there is no privity of
contract between the beneficiary and the insurer.

Similar points are made in _Insurance Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 2001) (Low Kee
Yang ed) from the Butterworths Law for Business Series at p 205.

15 In the case before us, the deceased could have changed the beneficiaries
under the policies before his demise but he did not. Notwithstanding this
state of affairs, Mr Ramesh Appoo, counsel for the wife, submitted that the
estate is entitled to receive the policy moneys, relying on English cases
like:

(a) _Cleaver v Mutual Reserve Fund Life Association_ [1892] 1 QB 147 (“
_Cleaver_ ”);

(b) _In re Burgess’s Policy_ (1916) 85 LJ Ch 273 (“ _Burgess_ ”);

(c) _In re Engelbach’s Estate_ [1924] 2 Ch 348 (“ _Engelbach_ ”);

(d) _Re Clay’s Policy of Assurance_ [1937] 2 All ER 548 (“ _Clay_ ”); and

(e) _In re Sinclair’s Life Policy_ [1938] Ch 799 (“ _Sinclair_ ”).

16 We note that _Burgess_ and _Engelbach_ followed _Cleaver_. _Clay_ and
_Sinclair_ in turn followed _Engelbach_. Therefore _Cleaver_ is the origin of
the position taken in these English cases. In _Cleaver_ , the insured, James
Maybrick, had effected an insurance on his life with the policy moneys payable
to his wife. After his death, his wife assigned the policy to Mr Cleaver who
was also appointed administrator of her property and effects under the Act to
Abolish Forfeitures for Treasure and Felony (c 23). Mr Cleaver claimed the
policy moneys as assignee and also in his capacity as such an administrator.
The executors of the insured’s estate also claimed the policy moneys. The
insurer took the position that it held the policy moneys on trust for Mrs
Maybrick and not the insured’s estate and as she had murdered the insured, it
was contrary to public policy to pay this money to Mr Cleaver.

17 Lord Esher MR stated at 151 that:

Apart from the statute, the right to sue on such a contract would clearly pass
to the legal representatives of the husband [the insured].

18 He then said at 152 that:

Consequently, so far, and if no question of public policy came in, there would
be no defence to an action against the defendants by the executors of James
Maybrick. Apart from the statute, what would be the effect of making the money
payable to the wife? It seems to me that as between the executors and the
defendants it would have no effect. She is no party to the contract; …. I
think that, apart from the statute, no interest would have passed to the wife
by reason merely of her being named in the policy; and, if the husband wished
any such interest to pass to her, he must have left the money to her by will
or settled it upon her during his life, otherwise it would have passed to his
executors or administrators.

19 After referring to the issue of murder and public policy, Lord Esher MR
continued to say at 153:

It seems to me that this question of public policy does not arise as between
the executors and the defendants. The question arises at a later stage. When
the money is in the hands of the executors, the question arises how, under the
circumstances, they must deal with it.

20 It seems to us that when Lord Esher MR said that there was no defence to an
action by the executors of the insured and that no interest would have passed
to the wife, he had in mind the right to sue. That is why he emphasised that
Mrs Maybrick was no party to the contract. It also seems to us that Lord Esher
MR had assumed that because the executors of the insured’s estate had the
_locus standi_ to sue, they were necessarily entitled to receive the policy
moneys. This may have been the reason why Choo J had apparently assumed that,
if there was an administrator of the deceased’s estate, the administrator
would have been entitled to receive payment. As we have elaborated, it is not
sufficient to say that a person is entitled to demand payment. That only
addresses the privity of contract point. The next question is, “Payment to
whom?” This is answered by considering the terms of the contract and not the
parties to the contract. Of course, an administrator could seek specific
performance of the contract but that still would not mean that the
administrator would have been entitled to receive payment. If the
administrator were to receive payment as the agent of a person entitled, that
would be a different point.

21 On the facts before us, we are of the view that, strictly speaking, neither
the parents nor the wife are entitled to the policy moneys. The parents are
not entitled as they are not privy to the contract. The estate is not entitled
because the terms of each contract require payment to the father or to both
parents. As the estate is not entitled, then consequently, the wife, as a
beneficiary of the estate, is also not entitled. On the other hand, the
insurer is entitled to make payment to the father or the parents since that is
in accordance with the terms of each contract. In doing so, the insurer
discharges its obligation under each contract. Mr Sunil Singh, counsel for the
parents, assumed that because the insurer is entitled to make payment to the
parents, the parents are necessarily entitled to receive payment. As we have
elaborated, this is not so in the present case.

22 Mr Appoo, however, also relied on the recital of each policy to argue that
each policy required payment to the estate. Each recital said,

[T]he Company will pay to the Assured, his Personal Representatives or Assigns
or persons otherwise entitled thereto the sum assured …

In our view, the recital only means that if no beneficiary is named in the
policy, then payment is to be made to the estate, just like the situation
under s 61(1) of the Insurance Act. The recital does not say explicitly who
the person “otherwise entitled thereto” is. In our view, this must refer to
the named beneficiary. Otherwise the very purpose of naming a beneficiary in
the policy is defeated.

23 As for Mr Appoo’s submission that the court does not complete an incomplete
gift, we note that this is not a situation of compelling the grantor to
complete the gift. There is a contract and the promisor, who is the insurer,
is willing to make payment. The situation is not so much one of completing an
incomplete gift but of determining who the insurer should make payment to.

24 There is one more point. The entitlement of the insurer to make payment to
the parents is subject to the argument about a resulting trust. If there is a
resulting trust of the Second Policy in favour of the father, then the insurer
has to pay the policy moneys thereunder to the father and not to both parents.
It seems to us that the district judge had erred in concluding that the
parents were entitled to the policy moneys under all three policies and yet
also concluding that there was a resulting trust of the Second Policy in
favour of the father alone.

25 The father and representatives of the insurer had alleged that the father
had paid the lump sum premium for the Second Policy. True, there was no
documentary proof of the same but we are satisfied, on a balance of
probabilities, that he did make that payment. However, the named beneficiaries
for the Second Policy are both parents. We are of the view that this was more
of a case of the father making a gift to the deceased of the lump sum which
was used to pay the premium and the deceased making a gift of the policy
moneys to the parents. That would rule out a resulting trust in favour of the
father. Mr Sunil Singh did not argue that there was an express trust in favour
of both parents which, in any event, we would not have been inclined to find
since the deceased still had the right, while alive, to change the
beneficiaries under the Second Policy. In the circumstances, we agree with
Choo J that there was no resulting trust of the Second Policy.

26 As for _Schebsman_ ([5] _supra_), the view expressed there, that a
contracting party cannot compel the other to make payment to him contrary to
the terms of the contract, was made on the basis that neither party could
unilaterally vary the beneficiary under the contract, unlike the case before
us. Nevertheless, for the reasons we have stated, we agree that an
administrator of the estate of the deceased could not have compelled the
insurer to make payment to him.

27 As the insurer is not denying liability to make payment, it is not
necessary for us to find an exception to the doctrine of privity of contract
or to rest our views on unjust enrichment to compel the insurer to pay. In the
circumstances, as the parents are not, strictly speaking, entitled to receive
payment for lack of privity, we set aside the decision of Choo J stating that
they are so entitled. There are, however, some procedural complications. The
insurer is no longer a party to the action. Although we would have normally
refrained from making a declaration about the insurer’s right to pay the
policy moneys or the discharge of the insurer’s obligation to pay such moneys,
we will do so in the exceptional circumstances before us since it appears that
the insurer wants such a declaration in any event. Accordingly we declare that
the insurer is discharged from its liability under the respective policies if
the insurer pays the policy moneys under the First Policy to the father and
under the Second and Third Policies to both the parents.

28 Furthermore, the estate of the deceased should have also been made a party
to the action. Although there is a contest as to the person to whom the grant
of letters of administration should be given, the solicitors for the
contesting parties should have considered whether a neutral party could have
been appointed to extract the grant for the limited purpose of representing
the estate in the action and leaving substantive arguments to be made by the
wife’s counsel. Alternatively, the solicitors for the parents should have
considered whether they could have proceeded under O 15 r 6A of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) to make the estate a party in the absence of
a grant of letters of administration, and then seek an order under O 15 r
6A(4) for a neutral person to represent the estate, with substantive arguments
to be made by the wife’s counsel. Be that as it may, we hope that no further
action is necessary before the insurer makes the respective payments to the
father and to both parents.

29 As the effect of our decision is against the wife, we dismiss her appeal
with costs. The security for costs of the appeal is to be released to the
solicitors for the parents to account of the costs of the appeal. As we gather
that the costs of the hearing before Choo J have not been determined, he is to
decide on the costs of that hearing.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

