Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd and Another v Obegi Melissa and Others  
[2006] SGHC 107

Case Number | : | Suit 542/2005, SIC 6394/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC and Georgina Lum Baoling (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiffs; Kenneth Tan SC, Christopher Chong Chi Chuin and Loy Sye Ling (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd; Hill Tree Enterprise Pte Ltd — Obegi Melissa; Oaktree Capital Management LLC; Gryphon Domestic VI, LLC; OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP; OCM Opportunities Fund III, LP; Columbia/Hca Master Retirement Trust; Gramercy Emerging Markets Fund; Gramercy Advisors LLC; Tang Boon Swa; Nemesis Investigations Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Application for interim injunction to be made
permanent – Interim injunction granted to restrain defendants from use and
disclosure of confidential documents and information – Whether damages
sufficient to grant relief – Whether permanent injunctive relief justified  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Damages – Inquiry for assesment of damages
caused by breach of confidence and/or conversion of property – Plaintiffs
pleading loss of custom and business profits as general damages – Whether
plaintiffs required to plead loss of custom and business profit as special
damages before inquiry can be ordered  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Date for close of pleadings – Single action
involving multiple parties – Whether pleadings closed as against each
defendant on same date – Order 14 r 14, O 18 r 20, O 25 r 1 Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Confidence – Defendants obtaining confidential information from rubbish
that plaintiffs placed out for collection – Whether plaintiffs thereby
abandoning documents and precluded from asserting property rights in such
documents  
  
Tort – Confidence – Elements to be satisfied to succeed in action for breach
in non-contract cases – Whether breach of confidence existing  
  

27 June 2006

Andrew Ang J:

1 This action (in Suit No 542 of 2005) arose from three affidavits (“the
Affidavits”) deposed to by the first defendant and filed by or on behalf of
the second to eighth defendants in Suit No 632 of 2004 which was commenced by
the third to seventh defendants against, _inter alia_ , PT Indah Kiat Pulp &
Paper Corporation (“Indah Kiat”) to enforce against the latter a judgment
obtained in the Supreme Court of the State of New York on or about 13 April
2004 (“the New York judgment”).

2 The plaintiffs/applicants in this action are not parties to Suit No 632 of
2004. However, the Affidavits in the latter suit exhibited certain documents
in respect of which the plaintiffs in this action claimed confidentiality. It
was alleged that the documents had been obtained surreptitiously and by
illegal means by the ninth and tenth defendants and passed on to the first to
eighth defendants in breach of the obligation of confidence owed by the ninth
and tenth defendants to the plaintiffs.

3 The plaintiffs further submitted that by receiving the documents in those
circumstances and having notice then, or subsequently having been put on
notice, that the documents were confidential, the first to eighth defendants
similarly owed them a duty of confidence. The documents were used without the
plaintiffs’ permission and, allegedly, to the detriment of the plaintiffs for
which, they contended, damages would not be an adequate remedy.

4 Earlier, I allowed an interlocutory application (Summons in Chambers No 3784
of 2005) by the plaintiffs for an interim injunction against the defendants
(restraining the use and disclosure of the documents and the information
therein) and a mandatory injunction (requiring each of the defendants to
deliver up to the plaintiffs all originals and copies of the said documents
which were in their possession, custody, power or control).

5 I also allowed an application by the defendants in Suit No 632 of 2004
(Summons in Chambers No 3833 of 2005) for an order that certain pages in the
Affidavits which made reference to or use of the documents be expunged.

6 There was no appeal against any of the above orders.

7 In the present application for summary judgment, the plaintiffs seek, _inter
alia_ :

(a) a permanent injunction restraining each of the defendants from using or
disclosing confidential information and confidential documents (the
“Plaintiffs’ Documents” more particularly described in the statement of claim)
of the plaintiffs for any purpose whatsoever;

(b) a mandatory injunction requiring each of the defendants to deliver up to
the plaintiffs all originals and copies of the Plaintiffs’ Documents which
were in the possession, custody, power or control of the defendants or any of
them; and

(c) an order that an inquiry be held as to the damage suffered by the
plaintiffs by reason of the defendants’ breach of confidence and/or conversion
of the plaintiffs’ property.

**Preliminary point of procedure**

8 A preliminary point raised by all the defendants, other than the eighth
defendant, was that the application for summary judgment was brought out of
time. Under O 14 r 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”), no summons is to be filed more than 28 days after the pleadings in
the _action_ are deemed to be closed. (Note: “action” is in the singular
form.) This requirement was introduced by the Rules of Court (Amendment No 4)
Rules 2002 (S 565/2002)). Order 18 r 20 provides when pleadings in an action
are deemed to be closed. (Again, “action” is in the singular.)

9 The last defendant to file its defence was the eighth defendant. The eighth
defendant’s defence was filed on 8 December 2005. Under O 18 r 20 of the Rules
(“the Rules”), therefore, pleadings were deemed closed on 22 December 2005, 14
days after the eighth defendant’s defence was filed.

10 Under O 14 r 14 of the Rules (as amended with effect from 1 December 2005),
the plaintiffs had until 19 January 2006, 28 days after the close of
pleadings, to file an application for summary judgment. The application for
summary judgment was filed on 20 December 2005, well within the 28-day time
limit.

11 All the defendants, save the eighth, argued that the application for
summary judgment was out of time as against each of them. That argument could
succeed only if O 18 r 20 could be read as providing that in a _single action_
with multiple parties, pleadings would close as against each defendant on a
different date.

12 That cannot be the case. Otherwise, the consequences would be that in a
case such as this, where there are multiple parties in foreign jurisdictions
and with the attendant delay in effecting service:

(a) close of pleadings will occur for each defendant on a different date;

(b) the time stipulated for taking out the summons for directions will expire
as against each defendant on a different date;

(c) the plaintiff must therefore take out as many summonses for directions as
there are defendants or risk being out of time;

(d) the court must give separate directions at separate hearings as regards
how the plaintiff is to progress the action to trial as against each
defendant; and

(e) in a personal injuries matter, different sets of automatic directions
would take effect automatically, with different sets of deadlines running as
against each defendant under O 25 r 8.

13 Such outcome cannot have been intended. It is contradicted by the words of
O 18 r 20 which contemplate only _one_ close of pleadings in any given action
and of O 25 r 1 which contemplate only _one_ summons for directions in any
given action. Likewise, O 14 r 14 refers to an “action” in the singular form.

14 Further, the interpretation contended for by the defendants does not
advance the underlying purpose of O 14 r 14. That amendment to the rules was
added to ensure that resort to the summary judgment procedure is had at an
early stage of the proceedings where the savings in costs would be most
marked. Where some defendants have filed a defence and others have not filed a
defence, it cannot be said that the proceedings are at an advanced stage.
Indeed, it cannot be said that the matters in issue in the action have been
properly crystallised until the _last_ defendant has filed its defence.

15 To require that the plaintiffs take out separate applications for summary
judgment against the respective defendants would lead to multiplicity of
actions and wastage of costs. All the reasons in favour of a single trial also
point to why there should be a single O 14 application. I conclude therefore
that the plaintiffs’ application is within time not only as against the eighth
defendant but as against all the defendants. Even if I were wrong, this would
seem to me a paradigm case where the court should allow an extension of time
to prevent injustice.

16 As Mustill LJ said in _Erskine Communications Ltd v Worthington_ The Times
(8 July 1991):

[I]t would be absurd to say that every instance of overstepping the time limit
without excuse, however short and however lacking in harmful consequence to
the defendant, should be punished by the loss of the action.

17 Apart from the preliminary point of procedure raised by the defendants, two
points of principle were raised in submissions by the plaintiffs at the
outset, _viz_ :

(a) The fact that one or more points of law arise on an application for
summary judgment does not necessarily mean that leave to defend must be given:
_Tokyo Investment Pte Ltd v Tan Chor Thing_ [1993] 3 SLR 170.

(b) Where the plaintiffs’ entitlement to judgment depends on a clear-cut
question of law, the court will hear full arguments as to the point of law
rather than grant leave to defend: _Cascade Shipping Inc v Eka Jaya Agencies
(S) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 197.

I accepted that where the answers to legal issues were clear, there being no
arguable defence, to grant leave to defend would unnecessarily delay the
disposal of the action. Bearing that in mind, I proceeded to hear the
application.

**Abandonment of the rubbish?**

18 The third to seventh defendants appointed the tenth defendant to locate
assets belonging to Indah Kiat in Singapore as part of the third to seventh
defendants’ efforts to enforce the New York judgment in Singapore.

19 The ninth defendant is a director of the tenth defendant. From the middle
of January 2005 to 22 July 2005, the ninth defendant made almost daily trips
to Orchard Towers where the plaintiffs’ offices were located and (in the words
of the ninth defendant in his first affidavit[note: 1]) “retrieved” the
plaintiffs’ trash bags “when the plaintiffs’ cleaner [threw] trash bag(s) in
the common rubbish dump” on the ground floor of Orchard Towers. (In the ninth
defendant’s second and third affidavits, after he was challenged, he explained
that the documents were “retrieved” from the walk lane next to the common
rubbish dump.)

20 On the uncontroverted evidence of Shilton John Ree, the building manager of
Orchard Towers, the loading bay and bin centre at Orchard Towers is “private
property from which the Management Corporation Strata Title No 664 (“the
MCST”) has the right to and takes steps to exclude unauthorised persons from
gaining access. The MCST permits only restricted access to this area by
authorised personnel for the purposes of loading or unloading goods and/or
refuse collection”. The MCST exercises control over the bin centre by:

(a) placing the area under 24-hour surveillance;

(b) stationing a security guard from 7.00am to 7.00pm to direct traffic. Part
of the security guards’ duties is to prevent unauthorised persons from
removing rubbish bags from the MCST’s property; and

(c) placing a sign warning trespassers to keep out.

21 The plaintiffs asserted that when they disposed of documents in their
rubbish, it was for the sole purpose of the same being collected and disposed
of by authorised rubbish disposal personnel acting in the course of their
duties. By the ninth defendant’s own admission, his method of obtaining the
documents was as follows:

(a) He observed the Orchard Towers common rubbish dump from a distance from
Claymore Drive;

(b) “[T]he [plaintiffs’] cleaner … will turn up … and after she throws the
trash bags at the walking lane, I will retrieve this trash bag when there is
no one around.”[note: 2]

22 The plaintiffs contended that the ninth defendant’s method showed a
conscious attempt to keep his activities secret, to avoid the control measures
put in place by the MCST and was a good indication that he knew that what he
was doing was improper and illegal.

23 The defendants argued that by putting rubbish out for collection the
plaintiffs had abandoned the documents and therefore could not assert any
property rights in the documents. I agreed with counsel for the plaintiffs
that the defendants’ contention was untenable in law.

24 At common law, the act of putting out rubbish for collection does not
amount to an abandonment of property in the rubbish. This precise question was
considered in the English case of _Williams v Phillips_ (1957) 41 Cr App Rep
5. In that case, dustmen had removed for their own benefit certain
commercially valuable items which they found in the rubbish they had
collected. The dustmen were charged with and convicted of theft and appealed
to the Court of Appeal. As Goddard LCJ in the English Court of Appeal said at
8:

The first point that is taken here, that the property was abandoned, is on the
face of it untenable. Of course, that is not so. If I put refuse in my dustbin
outside my house, I am not abandoning it in the sense that I am leaving it for
anybody to take away. _I am putting it out so that it may be collected and
taken away by the local authority, and until it has been taken away by the
local authority it is my property. It is my property and I can take it back
and prevent anybody else from taking it away_. It is simply put there for the
Corporation [the employer of the dustmen] or the local authority, as the case
may be, to come and clear it away. Once the Corporation come and clear it
away, it seems to me that because I intended it to pass from myself to them,
it becomes their property. Therefore, there is no ground for saying that this
is abandoned property. As long as the property remains on the owner’s
premises, it cannot be abandoned property. _It is a wholly untenable
proposition to say that refuse which a householder puts out to taken away is
abandoned_. Very likely he does not want it himself and that is why he puts it
in the dustbin. _He puts it in the dustbin, not so that anybody can come along
and take it, but so that the Corporation can come along and take it_.
[emphasis added]

25 This continues to be the law in England. Benjamin Pell, dubbed “Benji the
Binman” by the press, was recently convicted in England of theft of
confidential waste and fined £20 (see Mark Watts, “Bin Threat” (2005) 149 SJ
846). The facts are not unlike those in the present case. The enterprising
binman trawled the rubbish of lawyers advising the “rich and famous” and
succeeded on many occasions in obtaining confidential papers which he then
sold to interested parties. As the judge said when convicting Pell, “You are
well aware now that what people throw away still belongs to someone, and that
when they put discarded paper among their rubbish that still belongs to them.
I don’t think I need say anything further.”

26 “Abandonment” has been defined in _Simpson v Gowers_ (1981) 121 DLR (3d)
709 at 711 as:

… “a giving up, a total desertion, and absolute relinquishment” of private
goods by the former owner. It may arise when the owner with the specific
intent of desertion and relinquishment casts away or leaves behind his
property …

To my mind, this is a good working definition of the term.

27 Putting rubbish out for collection by refuse collection personnel is not an
abandonment because there is no intent to relinquish the goods absolutely but
only conditionally for the purpose of such collection.

28 The defendants argued that there was a triable issue as to the plaintiffs’
state of mind in putting out the rubbish containing the Plaintiffs’ Documents
for collection. That argument ran counter to the English case of _Williams v
Phillips_ ([24] _supra_). If the defendants’ contention was that the
plaintiffs intended a different legal effect by their act in putting the
rubbish out for collection, the burden was on the defendants to adduce
evidence of the factual basis on which they said that the plaintiffs were
prepared to permit all and sundry to have access to their rubbish. A mere
assertion to that effect was not enough.

29 Counsel for the plaintiffs went further to submit that at common law, an
owner of chattels could not divest himself of his rights as owner by a mere
abandonment of the chattel. Although I was inclined to agree with counsel, it
was, in my view, unnecessary to further consider that point given my view
that, in putting out the rubbish for collection, the plaintiffs had not
abandoned the documents. Besides, even if abandonment were in and of itself
sufficient to divest the plaintiffs of property in the rubbish, the defendants
had not adduced evidence anywhere close to discharging their burden of proof
that the plaintiffs had abandoned the documents. I therefore agreed with the
plaintiffs that there was no triable issue on this point.

30 Counsel for the plaintiffs went to great lengths to establish that the
ninth and tenth defendants had obtained the documents surreptitiously and
improperly by criminal and illegal means. Although, at the hearing of the
interlocutory application for interim injunction, the defendants had
challenged the plaintiffs’ contentions as to the criminal nature of the ninth
and tenth defendants’ conduct, at the hearing of the application for summary
judgment, it appeared the defendants had abandoned the point.

31 In any case, in my view, it was unarguable that the ninth defendant had
surreptitiously and improperly obtained the documents by criminal means (_ie_
, theft) and unlawful means (_ie_ , conversion). (Counsel for the defendants
had argued that the right to sue for conversion belonged to the party in
possession of the documents and not the owner of the documents unless the
owner had the immediate right to possession of the documents. This is correct
in law and is clearly set out in _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2006) at para 17-40. However, as counsel for the plaintiffs pointed
out, the plaintiffs retained the right to possess the documents even while
they were in the bin centre awaiting collection. To my mind, there was no
doubt that if, at any stage prior to collection, the plaintiffs had asked for
the trash to be returned, they would have been well entitled to the same. In
the result, there was no question but that the defendants had committed the
tort of conversion against the Plaintiffs’ Documents.)

32 The plaintiffs’ case was that the circumstances in which the ninth and
tenth defendants obtained the documents and in which the first to eighth
defendants received the documents imposed on them an obligation under the law
of confidence not to use or disclose the same.

**Juridical basis**

33 The basis on which equity will impose an obligation of confidence on a
person is founded on conscience and good faith. As Swinfen Eady LJ said in
_Lord Ashburton v Pape_ [1913] 2 Ch 469 at 475:

The principle upon which the Court of Chancery has acted for many years has
been to restrain the publication of confidential information improperly or
surreptitiously obtained or of information imparted in confidence which ought
not to be divulged. Injunctions have been granted to give effectual relief,
that is not only to restrain the disclosure of confidential information, but
to prevent copies being made of any record of that information, and, if copies
have already been made, to restrain them from being further copied, and to
restrain persons into whose possession that confidential information has come
from themselves in turn divulging or propagating it.

**Essential elements**

34 The essential elements of an action in breach of confidence were set out in
the case of _Coco v A N Clark (Engineers) Ltd_ [1969] RPC 41 at 47 (“ _Coco_
”) where Megarry J held that “three elements are normally required if, apart
from contract, a case of breach of confidence is to succeed”:

(a) The information must be of a confidential nature.

(b) The information must have been communicated in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence. (This aspect has had a gloss added to it, which will
be dealt with below.)

(c) There must be an unauthorised use of the information. (There is an open
question as to whether detriment needs to be shown in addition and this too
will be dealt with below.)

**_Confidential nature of the documents_**

35 The protection of the law of confidence is not restricted to trade secrets.
It is not even confined to commercially valuable information: the obligation
is capable of encompassing all information which any party has an interest in
keeping confidential.

36 In _Franklin v Giddins_ [1978] Qd R 72 at 78, the following definition from
_Meagher, Gummow and Lehane’s_ _Equity – Doctrines and Remedies_
(Butterworths, 1975) was endorsed:

What has been protected by equity has been “confidential information”; that is
defined by those authors as “facts, schemes or theories which the law regards
as of sufficient value or importance to afford protection against use of them
by the defendant otherwise than in accordance with the plaintiff’s wishes.”

37 The cases show that the types of information which have been protected
under the law of confidence are indeed multifarious:

(a) private etchings and prints made by the Royal Consort, Prince Albert:
_Prince Albert v Strange_ (1849) 1 H & Tw 1; 47 ER 1302;

(b) communications between solicitor and client: _Lord Ashburton v Pape_ ([33]
_supra_);

(c) communications between husband and wife during the currency of a marriage:
_Duchess of Argyll v Duke of Argyll_ [1967] Ch 302;

(d) the design of a moped engine: _Coco_ ([34] _supra_);

(e) telephone conversations: _Francome v Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd_ [1984] 1
WLR 892.

(f) details of a lesbian relationship between the plaintiff and a third party:
_Stephens v Avery_ [1988] Ch 449.

(g) information known by a former crown servant of alleged illegal activities
of the British Security Services: _Attorney-General v Guardian Newspapers Ltd
(No 2)_ [1990] 1 AC 109 (“ _AG v Guardian Newspapers_ ”).

(h) telephone bills and other bills and receipts: _X Pte Ltd v CDE_ [1992] 2
SLR 996;

(i) a medical research questionnaire prepared from material in the public
domain: _Dr Lam Tai Hing v Dr Koo Chih Ling Linda_ [1993] 2 HKC 1;

(j) a mugshot taken at a police station: _Hellewell v Chief Constable of
Derbyshire_ [1995] 1 WLR 804;

(k) photographs of a celebrity wedding: _Douglas v Hello! Ltd_ [2001] QB 967;
and

(l) the genetic information needed to reproduce a variety of nectarines
imprinted in the twig wood or scion wood of the nectarine tree itself:
_Franklin v Giddins_ ([36] _supra_).

38 Of particular interest is _Tipping v Clarke_ (1843) 2 Hare 383; 67 ER 157.
In that case, the defendant had a commercial dispute with the plaintiff and
took undisclosed steps to obtain information from the plaintiff’s books about
the plaintiff’s financial dealings, not only with the defendant but with the
plaintiff’s other Irish customers, and threatened to disclose that information
to those customers.

39 The plaintiff sought an injunction and delivery up of the accounts, books
and documents obtained by the defendant. The plaintiff challenged the
sufficiency of the defendant’s answer, which challenge was dismissed by the
Master and went on appeal to Sir James Wigram VC, who held as follows:

[I]t is clear that every clerk employed in a merchant’s counting-house is
under an implied contract that he will not make public that which he learns in
the execution of his duty as clerk; if the Defendant has obtained copies of
books, it would very probably be by means of some clerk or agent of the
Plaintiff, and if he availed himself surreptitiously of the information, which
he could not have had except from a person guilty of a breach of contract in
communicating it, I think he could not be permitted to avail himself of that
breach of contract. I cannot say that a serious injury may not arise by the
publication of accounts under such circumstances; nor am I in a condition to
say, with any satisfaction to myself, that this is not a case in which the
Court will give relief of the nature which is sought.

40 The case is clear authority that books of account and other internal
financial and commercially-sensitive information of a business enjoy
protection under the law of confidence.

41 There is no denying that the documents obtained by the ninth and tenth
defendants were confidential in nature. As described in the affidavit of 27
July 2005 deposed to by Chua Chun Kay (a director of the plaintiffs), the
documents contained information relating to, _inter alia_ , the plaintiffs’
financial affairs, management procedures and trading practices.

42 The defendants’ contention that the documents could not be confidential
because they were not marked as such is insupportable. A perusal of the cases
listed in [37] above does not bear out the defendants’ contention. _Per
contra_ , in the local case of _X Pte Ltd v CDE_ ([37] _supra_), the plaintiff
successfully restrained the defendant from making use of or disclosing
information evidencing the plaintiff’s adulterous relationships contained in
telephone bills and receipts, among others. Those documents were not marked
“confidential” but Judith Prakash J held nevertheless at 1009, [36] that:

Whilst telephone and shop bills may not have the degree of confidentiality of
a personal diary, there is no doubt that these documents are the property of
[the plaintiff] and the defendant had no right to make use of them in any way
without his authorization.

43 Counsel for the defendants sought to rely on Prof George Wei’s article,
“Surreptitious Takings of Confidential Information” (1992) 12 Legal Studies
302 where the author wrote at 319:

In cases where the defendant is a recipient of information, the conduct of the
plaintiff and his attitude towards the information in issue, can shed light on
the confidentiality of the information and whether it was imparted in
circumstances importing an obligation of confidence.

The argument was that if the plaintiffs chose to dispose of the documents as
trash, they could not have attached any importance to the confidentiality of
the documents.

44 However, as a more careful reading of the passage showed, that was said in
the context of a plaintiff/confider releasing information to the
defendant/recipient. The learned writer went on to say at 320:

Carelessness on the part of the plaintiff should not automatically have the
effect of turning conduct of the defendant which is otherwise improper into
conduct which is proper. Even more so, if liability is based on the use of
illegal means, the lack of care on the part of the plaintiff should not
prevent the imposition of an equitable obligation of confidence. The concept
of improper and/or illegal means is one which goes to the imposition of an
equitable obligation of confidence. Cases which have held that ‘carelessness’
on the part of the confider is relevant in determining whether an obligation
is imposed on the confidee/recipient can be distinguished. In the latter
situation, the plaintiff/confider, is releasing information to the
defendant/confidee without taking precautions to limit its use in the hands of
the defendant. In the case of surreptitious takings, the plaintiff has not
entered into any dealings with the defendant and has not released any
information to him. Indeed, in many of such cases the defendant will be fully
aware that the plaintiff has no desire at all to let him have access to the
confidential information in question. The defendant is deliberately setting
out to take the confidential information and in many cases will be using
illegal means to do so.

The case of _Cray Valley Limited v Deltech Europe Limited_ [2003] EWHC 728
(Ch) cited by the defendants should be read in this light.

**_Importing an obligation of confidence_**

45 The second requirement in _Coco_ ([34] _supra_), while accurate on the
facts of the case, does not amount to a requirement that there be an
intentional communication of the confidential information by a plaintiff to a
defendant in order to found a cause of action.

46 That there is no such requirement was made clear by Lord Goff of Chieveley
in _AG v Guardian Newspapers_ ([37] _supra_), where his Lordship said, at 281,
as follows:

[A] duty of confidence arises when confidential information comes to the
knowledge of a person (the confidant) in circumstances where he has notice, or
is held to have agreed, that the information is confidential, with the effect
that it would be just in all the circumstances that he should be precluded
from disclosing the information to others. I have used the word “notice”
advisedly, in order to avoid the (here unnecessary) question of the extent to
which actual knowledge is necessary; though I of course understand knowledge
to include circumstances where the confidant has deliberately closed his eyes
to the obvious. The existence of this broad general principle reflects the
fact that there is such a public interest in the maintenance of confidences,
that the law will provide remedies for their protection.

I realise that, in the vast majority of cases, in particular those concerned
with trade secrets, the duty of confidence will arise from a transaction or
relationship between the parties – often a contract, in which event the duty
may arise by reason of either an express or an implied term of that contract.
It is in such cases as these that the expressions “confider” and “confidant”
are perhaps most aptly employed. But it is well settled that a duty of
confidence may arise in equity independently of such cases; and I have
expressed the circumstances in which the duty arises in broad terms, not
merely to embrace those cases where a third party receives information from a
person who is under a duty of confidence in respect of it, knowing that it has
been disclosed by that person to him in breach of his duty of confidence, but
also to include certain situations, beloved of law teachers – where an
obviously confidential document is wafted by an electric fan out of a window
into a crowded street, or where an obviously confidential document, such as a
private diary, is dropped in a public place, and is then picked up by a
passer-by.

47 In England, it was held as long ago as 1849 that the maker and owner of
confidential material (in that case private etchings) which had “by improper
and surreptitious means, [gone] into the possession of other parties, [was]
entitled to an injunction … to restrain those parties from exhibiting …
impressions [of the same], and from publishing copies of them”: see the
headnote of _Prince Albert v Strange_ ([37] _supra_ at 1; 1302).

48 In Singapore, Prakash J in _X Pte Ltd v CDE_ ([37] _supra_) followed _Coco_
([34] _supra_). In connection with the second of the three elements set out in
that case, she reviewed the 1913 case of _Lord Ashburton v Pape_ ([33]
_supra_) and _Francome v Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd_ ([37] _supra_) and
concluded (at 1008, [35]) that:

[T]he second element is not limited to information being imparted in
confidence. It will satisfy the second element if the information is received
or learned in such circumstances that it is clear that a duty of
confidentiality arises.

Her Honour went on to state (inferentially at 1009, [37]) that confidentiality
law would apply, regardless of whether the information was gained by the
defendant while she was in a position of confidence or was private information
she obtained by surreptitious or underhanded means. In my view, contrary to
the contention of the defendants, it was clear that the imposition of the
obligation of confidentiality with respect to the information did not depend
upon her being a confidential secretary.

49 Whether confidential information was “improperly or surreptitiously
obtained” (as in Swinfen Eady LJ’s formulation of the principle in
_LordAshburton v Pape_) or “obtained by surreptitious or underhanded means”
(as in _X Pte Ltd v CDE_), it is clear that illegal means are well within both
descriptions.

50 Thus in _Francome v Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd_ , the English Court of
Appeal held that the plaintiff was entitled to the protection of the law of
confidence to prevent further publication or disclosure of private telephone
communications which had been intercepted and recorded illegally. This is to
be contrasted with _Malone v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1979] Ch 344
where the tapping of telephone conversations was done legally and it was held
that, even if there was a duty of confidentiality, this was overridden by
public interest in assisting the police in crime detection and prevention.

_First to eighth defendants also bound_

51 The first to eighth defendants as recipients of information illegally and
surreptitiously obtained are likewise bound by a duty of confidence. Those
defendants said they received the documents in good faith with no knowledge of
the means by which the ninth and tenth defendants obtained the information.
Accepting that at face value for present purposes, that fact does not negate
an obligation of confidence. For the first to eighth defendants to be
susceptible to restraint by injunction, there is no need for a finding that
they acted in bad faith or that they participated in the illegal activities of
the ninth and tenth defendants.

52 In _Prince Albert v Strange_ ([37] _supra_), it was not alleged that the
defendants themselves were a party to the wrongdoing by which the confidential
material had come into their possession. Nevertheless, it was held that the
defendants had been correctly enjoined from breaching the confidence.

53 In any event, now that the first to eighth defendants are aware of the
circumstances in which the information was obtained and of the confidential
nature of the documents, they are bound by an obligation of confidence: see
_English & American Insurance Co Ltd v Herbert Smith_ [1988] FSR 232. The
court there held as follows (at 237):

In the present case, it is submitted, there is no such complicity of any kind
so far as Messrs. Herbert Smith and B.I.C.C. are concerned. They were asked to
collect the documents, they collected the documents and they received them in
good faith. It is then submitted that the equitable right of the owner of
confidential information to restrain the use of that confidential information
does not apply as against a third party (as opposed to the party who has
himself undertaken the duty of confidentiality) where there has been what was
called an accidental escape of the information to the third party.

I reject that submission. I can see no reason for distinguishing the earlier
Court of Appeal decisions on that ground. The judgment of May L.J. in
_Goddard_ v. _Nationwide Building Society_ in no way suggests that the right
to restrain the use of confidential information by a third party depends on
the third party being improperly implicated in the leakage of that
information. Nourse L.J., on page 745 at C, in fact deals expressly with the
point. He says this:

“Third, the right of the party who desires the protection to invoke the
equitable jurisdiction does not in any way depend on the conduct of the third
party into whose possession the record of the confidential communication has
come. Thus, several eminent judges have been of the opinion that an injunction
can be granted against a stranger who has come innocently into the possession
of confidential information to which he is not entitled …”

54 The circumstances in the present case are even more compelling. Even if one
accepts that the first to eighth defendants had no knowledge of the ninth and
tenth defendants’ illegal means and even if one accepts that they specifically
instructed the ninth and tenth defendants to use legal means, the fact remains
that:

(a) they specifically instructed the ninth and tenth defendants to obtain
material not publicly available about the plaintiffs’ business; and

(b) they were expressly put on notice by the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ letter
dated 14 July 2005, sent 12 days prior to the commencement of these
proceedings, that the defendants were in possession of surreptitiously
obtained confidential documents belonging to the plaintiffs.

All the more, therefore, the defendants ought to be enjoined permanently from
making use of or disclosing the documents.

55 Counsel for the defendants cited _Susan Thomas v Elizabeth Pearce_ [2000]
FSR 718 for the proposition that a third-party recipient of confidential
information (given to her by someone in breach of confidence) must be found to
have acted dishonestly to be liable for breach of confidence. In that case the
claimant operated a letting agency. The first defendant, an employee of the
claimant, left to join the second defendant. She took with her a list of
clients of the claimant and showed it to two employees of the second
defendant. The judge found that she had breached her contract of employment
and an implied duty of confidentiality.

56 The claim against the second defendant was that (at 720):

The second defendant received [the] information _knowing that it was disclosed
in breach_ of the first defendant’s … contract of employment and/or duty of
confidence to the plaintiff. … [emphasis added]

The evidence showed that of the two employees of the second defendant, one (Mr
Harrison) had no knowledge at all. As to the other employee, Mrs Price, the
trial judge found that, from glancing through the list and being aware of the
nature of its contents, she must have known the value of such information, but
that she did not check with the first defendant or anyone else whether there
was any restriction on its use, having previously been told by the first
defendant that there was no express restriction against its use. The judge
accepted that when Mrs Price gave instructions to her people to prepare a
letter to the claimant’s clients on the list informing them that the first
defendant had joined the firm, she had dealt with the list as just one event
in a particularly busy day. The judge found that it simply did not occur to
her that what she was doing was wrong.

57 The trial judge was of the view that the test was whether by acting as she
did on that day she was “deliberately closing her eyes and ears, or
deliberately not asking questions lest she learned something which she would
rather not know, and that she went on regardless”. Answering the question in
the negative, the trial judge found the second defendant not liable whereupon
the claimant appealed. The Court of Appeal held, dismissing the appeal, that
the correct test was whether the second defendant had acted honestly; that to
be held liable for a breach of confidence more was required than mere
careless, naïve or stupid behaviour; and that there had to be an awareness
that the information was confidential or a willingness to turn a blind eye.

58 Counsel for the plaintiffs sought to distinguish the case on several
grounds.

59 The first ground was that _Susan Thomas v Elizabeth Pearce_ was not a case
involving the passing of information which had been surreptitiously taken.

60 The second ground was that in that case, the information was unsolicited
and therefore it was perhaps not surprising that the second defendant was
excused for a lapse of judgment in making use of it. In contrast, the
defendants in the present case admitted that the ninth and tenth defendants
were engaged in order to get information of the very type they received.

61 The third ground was that the claim against the second defendant in that
case was “knowing assistance” in the first defendant’s breach of confidence.
The claim in that case having been pursued on that basis, it was no wonder
that the honesty of the defendant became relevant. In contrast, the
plaintiffs’ claim in the present case merely pleads that the defendants were
aware of the confidential nature of the documents.

62 I am of the view that the case is of little assistance to the defendants if
what they seek to argue is that there is a need for a subjective determination
that the defendants were dishonest in the taking and use of the documents.

63 In _Susan Thomas v Elizabeth Pearce_ (at 720), it was:

… common ground that if it is … proved that [the second defendant] received
the list _knowing that it had been disclosed by [the first defendant] in
breach of confidence_ , then [the second defendant] themselves owed a duty of
confidence to the plaintiff. [emphasis added]

64 But that is not what the law requires. From the authorities earlier
considered (in particular, Lord Goff’s statement of the law in _AG v Guardian
Newspapers_ (see [46] above)), what is required is an awareness that the
information is confidential and that awareness includes a situation where the
recipient of the information deliberately closed his eyes to the obvious. (See
[45]–[50] above _._) Even in _Susan Thomas v Elizabeth Pearce_ , while
requiring that to be held liable the second defendant must have acted
dishonestly, the Court of Appeal accepted that the test was whether there was
an awareness that the information was confidential or a willingness to turn a
blind eye.

65 If dishonesty meant no more than that the recipient was actually or
constructively aware of the confidential nature of the information, then the
case did not depart from the law as expounded in the other authorities.

66 In any case, as stated earlier, the first to eighth defendants did know of
the confidential nature of the documents. Having commissioned private
investigators for the very purpose of obtaining information not publicly
available and having been put on notice by the plaintiffs’ solicitors that the
information they received was confidential information which had been
surreptitiously obtained, it did not lie in their mouths to deny that they had
the requisite awareness.

67 I am satisfied therefore that the second element in _Coco_ ([34] _supra_)
was met.

**_Unauthorised use_**

68 I move on now to the third element in the _Coco_ case, _viz_ , that there
must be unauthorised use of the confidential documents. In the present case,
that element was clearly made out. There was no assertion by the defendants
otherwise.

69 As noted earlier, there was a question whether the third element of _Coco_
included a requirement that the unauthorised use must have been to the
detriment to the plaintiffs. It is not clear from the English case law if
detriment is an essential ingredient of the cause of action and the question
was expressly left open by Megarry J in _Coco_ itself. The learned judge said
at 48:

Thirdly, there must be an unauthorised use of the information to the detriment
of the person communicating it. Some of the statements of principle in the
cases omit any mention of detriment; other include it. At first sight, it
seems that detriment ought to be present if equity is to be induced to
intervene; but I can conceive of cases where a plaintiff might have
substantial motives for seeking the aid of equity and yet suffer nothing which
could fairly be called detriment to him, as when the confidential information
shows him in a favourable light but gravely injures some relation or friend of
his whom he wishes to protect. The point does not arise for decision in this
case, for detriment to the plaintiff plainly exists. I need therefore say no
more than that although for the purposes of this case I have stated the
propositions in the stricter form, I wish to keep open the possibility of the
true proposition being that in the wider form.

Likewise, Lord Goff in _AG v Guardian Newspapers_ ([37] _supra_), while
preferring to leave the question open, opined at 282 that detriment may not
always be necessary. Lord Keith of Kinkel was of the view at 256 that:

[A]s a general rule, it is in the public interest that confidences should be
respected, and the encouragement of such respect may in itself constitute a
sufficient ground for recognising and enforcing the obligation of confidence
even where the confider can point to no specific detriment to himself.

On the other hand, Lord Griffiths at 270 thought it was necessary.

70 In _Smith Kline & French Laboratories (Australia) Limited v Secretary to
the Department of Community Services and Health_ [1990] FSR 617 at 664, Gummow
J noted that the position in Australia remained open but added his view as
follows:

The basis of the equitable jurisdiction to protect obligations of confidence
lies … in an obligation of conscience arising from the circumstances in or
through which the information, the subject of the obligation, was communicated
or obtained: _Moorgate Tobacco Co. Ltd_ v. _Philip Morris Ltd. (No. 2)_ … _The
obligation of conscience is to respect the confidence, not merely to refrain
from causing detriment to the plaintiff. The plaintiff comes to equity to
vindicate his right to observance of the obligation, not necessarily to
recover loss or to restrain infliction of apprehended loss_. To look into a
related field, when has equity said that the only breaches of trust to be
restrained are those that would prove detrimental to the beneficiaries?
[emphasis added]

It would appear that there are at least some situations where the insistence
upon the presence of detriment would be inappropriate if not unjust.

71 In _Prince Albert v Strange_ (1849) 2 De G & Sm 652 at 697; 64 ER 293 at
312, Knight Bruce VC held that a person was entitled to relief whenever “the
produce of his private hours” was invaded, irrespective of whether such
invasion showed him in a creditable or a disadvantageous light.

72 In _Pollard v Photographic Company_ (1888) 40 Ch D 345, the plaintiff was
granted an injunction against the unauthorised disclosure of a photograph of
herself even though the breach could hardly have caused her anything more than
embarrassment or discomfort.

73 In R G Toulson & C M Phipps, _Confidentality_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1996) at p
72, it was suggested that one situation (where detriment is not required) may
be between a doctor and a celebrity patient suffering from AIDS. The authors
opine that any intimate details revealed in confidence by the patient to the
doctor ought to be respected even after his death although it cannot be said
that the deceased will suffer any detriment from the publication, and thus the
estate should be able to obtain an injunction to enforce the obligation.

74 It may be, as suggested by Scott J in _AG v Guardian Newspapers_ ([37]
_supra_ at 147–148) that whether detriment is required depends on the
surrounding circumstances of the case.

75 The circumstances of the case before me are such that to insist upon proof
of detriment will send a wrong signal encouraging vigilantism. In any event, I
am satisfied that the plaintiffs have suffered detriment in that:

(a) the third to seventh defendants obtained two garnishee orders against the
plaintiffs purporting to attach debts due to Indah Kiat (the garnishee orders
were subsequently set aside by consent with costs to the plaintiffs); and

(b) the third to seventh defendants circulated to the plaintiffs’ banks a
Mareva injunction which they obtained using the confidential information,
thereby causing the banks to freeze the plaintiffs’ accounts. (The Mareva
injunction was subsequently set aside and the freezing of the accounts was
lifted only after the plaintiffs challenged the banks’ actions.)

76 If an injunction was not to issue, the prospect of the third to seventh
defendants seeking to obtain fresh garnishee orders cannot be ruled out. In
these circumstances, it is not unreasonable to expect that Indah Kiat might
curtail or terminate any dealings with the plaintiffs.

77 I therefore find that the third element in _Coco_ ([34] _supra_) was
satisfied and, accordingly, the defendants owe an obligation of confidence to
the plaintiffs.

**Damages not an adequate remedy**

78 It is a pre-requisite to the grant of permanent injunctive relief that
damages will not be an adequate remedy. Where the plaintiffs’ rights of
confidentiality have been infringed and will, beyond peradventure, be further
infringed if an injunction is denied, the court should intervene to prevent
any further breach. In these circumstances, it would be exceptional indeed
that damages will adequately compensate the claimant for the prospect of
further breaches. As put succinctly by David Bean QC in _Injunctions_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2004) at para 2.12, “[a] defendant cannot buy the privilege
of infringing the claimant’s rights”.

79 For all the foregoing reasons, I held that the plaintiffs were entitled to
a permanent injunction in terms of prayer 1 of their application and that the
mandatory injunction by court order dated 18 October 2005 (as subsequently
modified by agreement between the parties) be made final.

80 I also made an order in terms of prayer 5, “[t]hat an inquiry as to the
damage suffered by the Plaintiffs by reason of the Defendants’ breach of
confidence and/or conversion of the Plaintiffs’ property be carried out”.
Finally, I ordered costs to the plaintiffs to be taxed unless agreed.

81 With regard to prayer 5, the defendants requested further arguments at
which they contended that, no special damage having been pleaded in regard to
the conversion, only nominal damages would lie. Accordingly, they argued that
no inquiry was called for with regard to damages in conversion.

82 The defendants’ submissions (as summarised by counsel for the plaintiffs)
were as follows:

(a) As a matter of procedure, special damages must be pleaded whereas general
damages do not have to be pleaded.

(b) The plaintiffs intend at the assessment phase to claim consequential loss
arising from the defendants’ conversion of their property.

(c) Consequential loss is equivalent to special damages.

(d) The plaintiffs have not pleaded special damages in their statement of
claim.

(e) Therefore, the plaintiffs are precluded from claiming against the
defendants damages for the consequential loss arising from their conversion.

(f) Therefore, the court ought not to order an assessment of damages as the
damage caused by the conversion apart from the consequential losses is _de
minimis_.

83 Counsel for the plaintiffs contended that the defendants were wrong with
regard to proposition (c) above. He contended that the defendants had fallen
into the very error of which Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) (“ _McGregor_ ”) cautioned at para 1-029:

[T]he terms [_ie_ , “general damages” and “special damages”] are used in a
variety of different meanings, and if these meanings are not kept separate the
indiscriminate use of the terms only spells confusion.

_McGregor_ at paras 1-029 to 1-034 identified four principal senses in which
the terms “general damages” and “special damages” are used. Of these, one (at
para 1-034), which deals only with special damage, is not relevant for our
purposes. The three remaining senses are as follows:

(a) The first sense (at para 1-030) in which the two terms are contrasted
concerns liability, principally in contract. Used in this sense, the two terms
correspond with the distinction between the first and second rules in _Hadley
v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341; 156 ER 145. This sense does not apply in the
present case, dealing as it does, with contractual damages. As _McGregor_ says
in the concluding sentence of para 1-030, “[i]f this [contractual] distinction
were applied to tort, _all tort damages would count as general_ ”. [emphasis
added]

(b) The second sense (at para 1-031 of _McGregor_) in which these terms are
used concerns proof. “General damages” in this sense are damages to which the
plaintiff is entitled at law but for which there is no measure by which to
assess them. Pecuniary losses which are difficult to estimate accurately are
also general damages in this sense and such damages include loss of business
profits. “Special damages” in this sense are damages awarded in respect of any
consequences reasonably and probably arising from the breach complained. As
counsel for the plaintiffs pointed out, one of the heads of the plaintiffs’
entitlement to damages is a claim for loss of custom and business profits.
Accordingly, a claim for damages of this nature, being general damages, does
not have to be pleaded. Even in this sense, therefore, the plaintiffs’ claim
for damages is again for general damages. As counsel for the defendants
himself stated, general damages do not need to be pleaded.

(c) The third sense (at para 1-033 of _McGregor_) in which these terms are
used concerns pleading. The fundamental purpose of pleadings, of course, is to
give the opposing party notice of the case against it so that it is not taken
by surprise by an unexpected claim. The plaintiffs argued that in this sense
the consequential damages flowing from the defendants’ conversion were general
damages and not special damages. As stated by _McGregor_ at para 43-006:

General damage consists in all items of loss which the claimant is not
required to specify in his pleadings in order to permit proof and recovery in
respect of them at the trial. Special damage consists in all items of loss
which must be specified by him before they may be proved and recovery granted.
The basic test of whether damage is general or special is whether
particularity is necessary and useful to warn the defendant of the type of
claim and evidence or of the specific amount of claim which he will be
confronted with at the trial. “Special damage”, said Bowen L.J. in _Ratcliffe
v Evans_ [[1892] 2 QB 254 at 528],

“means the particular damage (beyond the general damage), which results from
the particular circumstances of the case, and of the claimant’s claim to be
compensated, for which he ought to give warning in his pleadings in order that
there may be no surprise at the trial.”

As Lord Macnaghten said in _Str_ _öms Bruks Aktie Bolag v John & Peter
Hutchison_ [1905] AC 515 at 525–526:

“General damages” … are such as the law will presume to be the direct natural
or probable consequence of the act complained of. “Special damages,” on the
other hand, are such as the law will not infer from the nature of the act.
They do not follow in ordinary course. They are exceptional in their character
and, therefore, they must be claimed specially and proved strictly.

84 Counsel for the defendants submitted that the only relevant sense in which
the terms “general damages” and “special damages” were used was that
concerning pleadings. I did not think that was correct for there is a
relationship between the various senses in which the terms are used. As
_McGregor_ , dealing further with the meaning of “general damages”, stated at
paras 43-008 and  
43-009:

_If an item of damage is general for the purpose of liability because it
represents a normal loss,_ a fortiori _it will be general for the purpose of
pleading_ in so far as its existence cannot take the defendant by surprise;
only in so far as he could be surprised by the detail of its amount, when this
has become crystallised and concrete since the wrong, will it become special
damage. Thus Lord Goddard in _British Transport Commission v Gourley_ [[1956]
AC 185 at 206] defined the general damage in personal injury cases as
including

“compensation for pain and suffering and the like, and if the injuries
suffered are such as to lead to continuing permanent disability, compensation
for loss of earning power in the future.”

… Furthermore, even if an item of damage is special for the purpose of
liability because not representing a normal loss, it may yet be general damage
for the purpose of pleading, because the test of unexpectedness is not at the
time of the commission of the tort or of the making or breaking of the
contract but at the later time of pleading. This may possibly be the
explanation of _Ward v Smith_ [(1822) 11 Price 19; 147 ER 388] where, in an
action against a lessor for failure to complete a lease of business premises,
the lessee recovered as general damages his loss of general business profits,
although such a loss was consequential and not part of the normal measure of
damages.

_If an item of damage is general for the purpose of proof because it is
inferred or presumed by the court,_ a fortiori _it will be general for the
purpose of pleading_ , since what the law is prepared to infer or presume in
the claimant’s favour the defendant cannot contend would surprise him at the
trial.

[emphasis added]

With regard to the defendants’ intentional tort of conversion, it hardly lay
in the mouths of the defendants to contend that they were surprised that
companies the plaintiffs traded with became reluctant to further trade with
them.

85 As was pointed out by the plaintiffs’ counsel, it was undisputed that the
tenth defendant “was appointed by the third to seventh defendants to locate
assets belonging to Indah Kiat in Singapore as part of the third to seventh
defendants’ efforts to enforce” the New York judgment.

86 It was also undisputed that by the time the action herein commenced and the
initial pleadings were filed, the defendants had taken the following steps in
pursuit of their avowed intention to enforce the New York judgment:

(a) Using the converted documents to secure _ex parte_ a Mareva injunction
against the plaintiffs’ supplier, Indah Kiat.

(b) Serving the Mareva injunction on the plaintiffs’ bankers, even though the
plaintiffs were not ordered to do or refrain from doing any act by the said
injunction, thereby causing the plaintiffs’ bankers to freeze the plaintiffs’
bank accounts.

(c) Securing _ex parte_ two garnishee orders _nisi_ garnishing debts said to
be due from each of the plaintiffs to its supplier, Indah Kiat.

Given their avowed intention in converting the plaintiffs’ property, the
defendants could hardly be heard to say that they were taken by surprise when,
as Chua Chun Kay deposed to in para 8.1 of his third affidavit filed on 15
August 2005:

The companies [the plaintiffs] trade with are … reluctant to trade with us
because of the defendant’s activities in procuring our confidential documents
through these means.

The plaintiffs argued that the natural and probable consequences of an
intentional tort are simply the natural and probable consequences of the
tortfeasor’s intention. Therefore, the loss of custom and loss of business
profits which, amongst other heads of damage, the defendants have caused the
plaintiffs by reason of their conversion, is in the pleading sense rightly
classified as general damages within the principle set out in para 43-008 of
_McGregor_.

87 Paragraph 43-012 from _McGregor_ cited by the defendants would appear at
first blush to favour the defendants. There the author stated:

Where consequential losses are claimed in actions of tort these will generally
be a matter of surprise to the defendant at the trial. Thus in _Moon v
Raphael_ [(1835) 2 Bing N C 310; 132 ER 122] the claimant, suing for
conversion of goods, was refused damages for loss of business profits from
being deprived of the use of the goods because such loss was not pleaded. This
is confirmed in the twentieth century by _Re Simms_ [[1934] Ch 1], where the
Court of Appeal took the view that such loss of profits was special damage and
therefore must be pleaded.

Upon closer examination, both authorities cited in the above passage were
cases in which the court had to deal with both the question of liability as
well as the quantum of damages. Where there is bifurcation so that the quantum
of damages is dealt with separately at a later assessment, there can be no
genuine objection that there was no particularisation at the trial on
liability.

88 In any case, even if I were wrong in deciding that the damages sought by
the plaintiffs are general and not special, an inquiry would in any event have
been required for the assessment of damages arising from the breach of
confidence. I therefore ordered that the inquiry be held as prayed for.

  

* * *

[note: 1] At para 8.

[note: 2] See ninth defendant’s second affidavit at para 27.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

