Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Guan Soon Development Pte Ltd v Yeo Gek Lang Susie (administratrix of the
estate of Teo Lay Swee, deceased) and Others  
[2006] SGCA 18

Case Number | : | CA 134/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Siraj Omar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellant; Tan Bar Tien (B T Tan & Co) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Guan Soon Development Pte Ltd — Yeo Gek Lang Susie (administratrix of the estate of Teo Lay Swee, deceased); Yeo Gek Lang Susie; Teo Kok Woon; Teo Cheng Woon; Teo Cheng Woon   
  
Companies – Memorandum and articles of association – Articles of association
amended but effective date of amendments not evident on face of amendments –
Whether minutes of directors' meeting indicating effective date of amendments
can serve to qualify amended articles  
  
Companies – Shares – Transfer – Articles of association referring to transfer
of shares – Whether shareholders intending for "transfer" to apply to
transmissions of shares – Whether transmission of shares of deceased member
under testamentary disposition or otherwise by operation of law subject to
pre-emption right of existing members  
  

14 June 2006

Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1  This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court directing the
appellant company (“the company”) to register the third, fourth and fifth
respondents as shareholders of the company. The appeal concerns the
construction of certain articles of association of the company, in particular,
the scope of such articles in giving pre-emption rights to shareholders in the
event that a member wishes to transfer his shares to a non-member. At the
conclusion of the hearing, we dismissed the appeal. We now give our reasons
for doing so.

**The facts**

2 One of the co-founders of the company, Teo Lay Swee (“the deceased”), who
held 2,154 shares in the company amounting to slightly less than 27% of its
issued share capital, died intestate on 10 February 2002. Under the provisions
of the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), the first
respondent, the widow of the deceased (who was also the second respondent
_qua_ beneficiary), and his children, the third, fourth and fifth respondents
(collectively, “the beneficiaries”), became entitled to his estate in the
shares as provided under the Act. As a result, as part of the estate
distribution, the shares held by the deceased in the company were distributed
to the beneficiaries in the following manner:

(a) 1,526 shares in the name of the widow;

(b) 626 shares in the name of Teo Kok Woon, a son of the deceased (“the third
respondent”);

(c) one share in the name of Teo Cheng Woon, another son of the deceased (“the
fourth respondent”); and

(d) one share in the name of Teo Soo Swan, a daughter of the deceased (“the
fifth respondent”).

3 On 11 April 2005, the first respondent, then the sole administratrix of the
estate of the deceased, wrote to the company requesting the registration of
the transfers of the distributed shares to the second to fifth respondents.
The company eventually agreed to register the second respondent as a member
(as she was an existing member of the company) but declined to register the
other respondents on the ground that the transfers of the shares were subject
to pre-emption rights under Art 28 of the articles of association of the
company.

4 As a result, the first respondent, as sole administratrix, and the
beneficiaries brought this action to compel the company to register the latter
as members. In the course of these proceedings, the third respondent was
appointed co-administrator, and accordingly, became a party to the action
_qua_ administrator as well. The High Court held that the beneficiaries were
entitled to have their distributed shares registered and ordered accordingly.

5 The unusual feature in this case is that the widow’s request to the company
to register the beneficiaries as members was made on 11 April 2005, more than
three years after the death of the deceased, but in the meantime, the company
had on 30 June 2003 amended the articles of association of the company to such
effect that, as contended by the widow, the beneficiaries were entitled to be
registered as members. The company, however, disagrees that the amendments
were applicable to the beneficiaries and, in any event, to the shares
distributed to them.

**The articles of association**

6 We turn now to the relevant articles. Article 28 of the company’s articles
of association as amended on 30 June 2003 (the amendments, which are
additions, are underlined) reads:

A share may be transferred by a member or other person entitled to transfer to
any member or any person approved by the Board of Directors (_which approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld_), but save as aforesaid and save as
provided by articles 31 _and Article 31A_ hereof, no share shall be
transferred to any person, who is not a member, so long as any member is
willing to purchase the same at fair value. The Directors shall refuse to
register a transfer of any shares in the Company to any of the persons
mentioned in Article 9A(2) hereof. Every instrument of transfer shall be
accompanied by a Statutory Declaration made by the Transferee stating his
citizenship and identity card or passport particulars and declaring that he is
purchasing the shares beneficially and in his own name and not otherwise. The
Company may call upon such declarant to make such additional statements by
Statutory Declaration as are necessary to satisfy itself of the qualification
of the declarant to have himself registered as a member of the Company.

7 The other relevant article in the articles of association, Art 31A, reads:

The provisions of Articles 29 and 30 hereof relating to members’ rights of
pre-emption shall not apply in respect of any transfer of shares following the
death of a member where the deceased’s shares are transferred to: –

(a) such person(s) who shall become entitled to a share in consequence of the
death of the member in accordance with the applicable laws of intestacy; or

(b) any or a combination of the following category of persons in accordance
with the deceased member’s last will and testament: –

(i) the deceased’s spouse;

(ii) the deceased’s sibling;

(iii) the deceased’s child, adopted child or step-child;

(iv) the child, adopted child or step-child of any other member.

8 It is also convenient to set out the terms of Arts 29, 30 and 31 of the
company’s articles of association, as they, together with Arts 28 and 31A,
constitute the scheme of pre-emption rights. The scheme is relevant to our
consideration of the company’s argument that the third, fourth and fifth
respondents’ entitlements to the shares of the deceased as distributed to them
were not in accordance with the applicable laws of intestacy. The point we
wish to make here is that there are no provisions in these articles, unlike
those of other companies, which require that the shares of a deceased member
be offered to existing members. Articles 29, 30 and 31 (with the amendments
similarly underlined) read as follows:

29\. Except where the transfer is made pursuant to articles 28 or 31 _or 31A_
hereof, the person proposing to transfer any share (hereinafter called the
proposing transferor) shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called the
transfer notice) to the Company that he desires to transfer the same. Such
notice shall specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute
the Company his agent for the sale of the share at the price so fixed, or at
the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to be fixed by two arbitrators,
both of whom shall be members of the Company, one to be appointed by each of
the parties in difference and their umpire.

The transfer notice shall not be revocable except with the sanction of the
Directors.

30\. If the Company shall within the space of 14 days after being served with
such notice find a member willing to purchase the share and shall give notice
to the proposing transferor, he shall be bound upon payment of fair value, to
transfer to the purchasing member.

31\. If the Company shall not within the space of 14 days aforesaid find a
member willing to purchase the shares and give notice in manner aforesaid, the
proposing transferor shall at any time within 2 months afterwards be at
liberty to sell and transfer the share to any person at any price.

9 The company’s main argument, which the High Court had rejected, and which
was pursued before us, was that Art 31A had no application to the
beneficiaries because it was not intended to apply to any member dying before
30 June 2003 and that, accordingly, any transfer of the deceased’s shares
would be subject to the pre-emption rights of members under Art 28. As
evidence of such an intention, the company produced the minutes of the
shareholders’ meeting held on 30 June 2003, at which the amendments were
unanimously approved. The minutes contained the following qualification (“the
qualifying statement”):

The intent is that Article 31A shall only apply where the death of a member
takes place after the date on which the resolution adopting Article 31A is
passed.

10 The High Court rejected this argument on the ground that Art 31A itself did
not stipulate the time from which it was to apply and that accordingly the
amendment took effect from the day it was made. We agree with this decision,
but would add that there were other circumstances in the case that would estop
the company from relying on the minutes of the meeting to show the intention
of the shareholders. Not only had the secretary of the company filed Form 11
(notice of resolution) with the Registrar of Companies the text of Art 31A
without the qualifying statement, but it would also appear that, subsequently,
the same text was incorporated in the reprinted memorandum and articles of
association. A reasonable inference to be drawn from these facts is that the
text of Art 31A as filed with the Registry of Companies was that which was
actually passed by the meeting and that the qualifying statement was merely a
statement of intention of the shareholders present.

11 A more important consideration is that when the company first sent out its
notice of annual general meeting dated 6 June 2003, the agenda included the
relevant amendments under the item “Special Business”, and the attached text
of Art 31A did not contain the qualifying statement. The respondents’ case is
that the then sole administratrix relied on this representation and did not
attend the meeting. Whether or not she did rely on this representation (and
her affidavit did not say so) is not relevant in this case because it was, in
any event, improper for the company to change the text of Art 31A and approve
it at the shareholders’ meeting without giving prior notification to the
administratrix. If notice of the qualifying statement had instead been given
to the administratrix, it would not be possible for us to affirmatively say
that she would not have attended the meeting so as to object to it. Indeed,
there would be reason for her to object to it as it was discriminatory and it
was within her power to prevent it from being adopted at the meeting, as she
was holding 31% of the company’s shares (being the aggregate of the
shareholdings she held _qua_ member and _qua_ administrator). Article 31A,
read with the qualifying statement, would have discriminated against the
estate of the deceased as it purported to give the existing shareholders more
rights with respect to the transfer of their shares than the deceased’s
estate.

**Meaning of Article 31A**

12 Counsel for the company has however contended further that even if Art 31A
were read without the qualifying statement, it would still not apply to the
shares that were distributed to the third, fourth and fifth respondents as it
applies only to transfers and not to transmissions of shares. He pointed out
that the distinction between a transfer and a transmission of shares in the
company’s articles is well established and that, in essence, a transfer is the
result of an act of a member, whereas a transmission results from an operation
of law: see, _inter alia_ , _Lee Eng Eow v Low Ah Lian_ [1992] 1 MLJ 678 at
680 _,_ _In re Bentham Mills Spinning Company_ (1879) 11 Ch D 900 at 904–905,
_per_ James LJ and _Barton v London and Northern Western Railway Company_
(1889) 24 QBD 77 at 88, _per_ Lindley LJ. In the present case, the subject
shares were transmitted to the second and third respondents in their capacity
as co-administrators of the estate of the deceased. According to him, on the
authority of _Lee Chee Ngor Moreta v Prudential Enterprise Ltd_ [1991] 2 HKC
499 (“ _Lee Chee Ngor Moreta_ ”), any subsequent divestment of the same shares
from them would involve a transfer, not a transmission, and would therefore be
subject to any restrictions contained in Art 28 on the transfer of shares. In
the present case, the administratrix had forwarded to the company transfer
forms of the distributed shares duly signed by her as administratrix
transferring the shares by “way of gift” to herself and to the third, fourth
and fifth respondents respectively.

**Distinction between transfer and transmission in a company’s articles of
association**

13 In our view, counsel’s argument has no merit, but before we give our
reasons, it would be useful to consider the distinction between a transfer and
a transmission in the pre-emption articles of a company as it will throw some
light on the substance of the company’s submission on the distinction above.
First, as counsel for the company has submitted, a transfer involves an act of
the member, but a transmission does not as it occurs by operation of law. It
has been said that the “distinction between transfer and transmission on death
is well recognised in company law”: see _Moodie v W & J Shepherd (Bookbinders)
Ltd_ [1949] 2 All ER 1044 (“ _Moodie v Shepherd_ ”) at 1054, _per_ Lord Reid.
To that end, the transmission of shares to the personal representatives of the
deceased member is not a “transfer” in its ordinary sense as used in the
articles of a company: see, _inter alia_ , _Moodie v Shepherd_ at 1050, _per_
Lord Porter and _Scott v Frank F Scott (London), Limited_ [1940] Ch 794 at
805.

14 We note that while the Supreme Court of Queensland, in _Re Kenzler_
(1982–1983) 7 ACLR 767 at 772–773, has held that the direct transfer of the
shares by the executor to the legatee is not a “transfer” from the executor to
the legatee in relation to pre-emption articles in that case, there is no
direct authority, to our knowledge, that an application by an administrator to
register the deceased’s shares in the name of a beneficiary acquiring the
beneficial title to the shares on intestacy has been regarded as a “transfer”
of the shares by the administrator to the beneficiary.

15 In principle, it may be argued that having regard to the fundamental
purpose of a pre-emption article in a family company, _ie_ , keeping outsiders
out of the affairs of the company, the expression “transfer”, when used in an
article that merely provides that no member may transfer his shares to “any
person, who is not a member, so long as any member is willing to purchase the
same at a fair value”, should be construed as not to apply to beneficiaries
taking the deceased member’s share upon intestacy as that would be consistent
with the founders’ goal of keeping the shares in the family. In the same
context, the argument may have less force in the case of a testamentary
disposition where the legatee is not a member of the deceased’s family.
However, as this point has not been raised before us or in the authorities
cited to us, we do not propose to deal with it as the relevant articles in the
present case are clear enough for us to construe their meaning.

16 As we have stated earlier, the scope of pre-emption clauses in private
companies is purely a question of construction in the context of all the other
related articles. As Lord Greene in _Greenhalgh v Mallard_ [1943] 2 All ER
234, at 237 had noted:

Questions of construction of this kind are always difficult, but in the case
of a restriction of transfer of shares I think it is right for the court to
remember that a share, being personal property, is _prima facie_ transferable,
although the conditions of the transfer are to be found in the terms laid down
in the articles. If the right of transfer, which is inherent in property of
this kind, is to be taken away or cut down, it seems to me that it should be
done by language of sufficient clarity to make it apparent that that was the
intention.

17 In the present case, counsel for the appellants has conceded that a
transfer of shares does not include a transmission of shares by operation of
law under a testamentary disposition. However, he has contended that the
expression “transfer” in Art 28 covers a transfer of shares by an
administrator to a beneficiary resulting from an intestacy and, accordingly,
the purported transfers signed by the administratrix in favour of the third,
fourth and fifth respondents would be subject to the pre-emption rights of the
existing members. Counsel has referred us to the Hong Kong decision in _Lee
Chee Ngor Moreta_ ([12] _supra_) as authority for this proposition. However,
it is clear to us that decision was also based on the construction of the
applicable articles and does not purport to enunciate any overarching
principle. There, Art 36 of the company’s articles had provided that, unless
the transfer of shares was a result of a sale, any other disposition was
subject to a right of pre-emption. The articles provided that any person
entitled to shares either by virtue of the death or bankruptcy of a member
must offer them to the other members. Article 36(g) of the said articles
provided an exception to the pre-emption rule with respect to a transfer by _a
member_ or bequest by will by him to a family member. The court held that as a
matter of construction, the word “member” in Art 36(g) did not include a
personal representative. Hence, the application by the personal representative
to transfer the shares to the intestate’s next-of-kin upon the death of the
deceased member would be subject to the pre-emption provision.

18 However, we do not need to address this point in this judgment. When Art 28
is read with Art 31A, it is arguable that the shareholders, at least those who
attended the meeting on 30 June 2003, must have understood the expression
“transfer” in Art 28 to apply to a transmission of the shares of a deceased
member under a testamentary disposition or otherwise by operation of law and
also to a transfer by an administrator to a beneficiary. The reason is that
Art 31A excludes the pre-emption right in Arts 28, 29 and 30 in respect of any
_transfer of shares_ following the death of any member where the deceased’s
shares are _transferred_ to:

(a) such person(s) who shall become entitled to a share in consequence of the
death of the member in accordance with the applicable laws of intestacy; or

(b) any or a combination of the … category of persons in accordance with the
deceased member’s last will and testament [as prescribed therein.]

The effect of Art 31A is that, on the basis that Art 28 applies to
transmissions of shares, it removes the pre-emption right of members against
beneficiaries of the deceased member’s shares arising from an intestacy while
restricting the category of testamentary beneficiaries. Article 31A thus
widens and restricts the scope of the pre-emption rights in Art 28 with
respect to rights arising upon intestacy and under a testamentary disposition
respectively.

19 Having regard to the clear intent of Art 31A in relation to the
“transmission” of rights in the deceased’s shares consequent upon the
distribution of his estate, it is unnecessary for us to determine the meaning
of the expression “transfer” in Art 28. On the assumption that it does apply
to transmissions of the shares of a deceased member, a reading of Arts 28, 31
and 31A together makes it abundantly clear that Art 31A(a) was intended to
exclude and did exclude the operation of Art 28 to “transfers” of shares in
the company arising from intestacy. In this respect, it should be noted that
there is no doubt that the second to fifth respondents acquired their rights
to the deceased member’s shares in the company _in consequence of the death of
a member_ (_ie_ , the deceased) _in accordance with the applicable laws of
intestacy._

20 Indeed, counsel for the company did not disagree that the second to fifth
respondents became entitled to the shares upon intestacy. His argument instead
was that they became entitled to receive a share of the deceased’s total
assets in accordance with the _proportions_ set out in the Act and that the
personal representatives were free to distribute _any number of shares_ to
them so long as the statutory proportions were maintained. That being the
case, it was further argued that the respondents’ claim was not based on any
provision of the Act or any other provision of law and that the actual number
of shares they received by way of distribution was not in accordance with the
applicable laws of intestacy.

21 We could not accept this submission. Article 31A merely requires that the
beneficiaries’ entitlements resulted from the death of a member “in accordance
with the applicable laws of intestacy”. A beneficiary entitled to 25% of an
intestate’s estate will not necessarily get 25% of the shares of a company
owned by the deceased. What he is entitled to is the statutory proportion of
the estate that is distributed to him, which may or may not include any shares
_in specie_. In our view, whatever the number of shares _in specie_ he gets
from the distribution of the assets of the estate, such distribution would
accord with the applicable laws of intestacy even though the number of shares
so distributed does not correspond to the number of shares he would have
received if the shares had been distributed _in specie._ These words should be
read purposively to give effect to the fundamental objective of pre-emption
articles to keep the ownership of the shares within members of the same family
or of the families who originally agreed to associate themselves in that way:
here, the third, fourth and fifth respondents are clearly not outside persons
but the next-of-kin of one of the founders of the company. Such a construction
would be consistent with pre-emption rights scheme, as set out in Arts 28 to
31A, which does not require that the shares of a member be offered to the
existing members upon his death.

**Conclusion**

22 For the above reasons, the appeal was dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

