Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Comptroller of Income Tax v KE  
[2006] SGHC 140

Case Number | : | DA 29/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Lim (Inland Revenue Authority) for the appellant; Ong Sim Ho, Ong Ken Loon and Low Wee Siong (Ong Sim Ho) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Comptroller of Income Tax — KE   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Income taxation of licensed
housing developer based on Completed Contract Method – Completion of contract
under Housing Development (Project Account) Rules – Whether developer can
deduct 85% of costs incurred up to temporary occupation permit (TOP) stage
against 85% of purchase price accrued and defer deduction of remaining 15% of
costs to balance 15% of purchase price receivable in subsequent year of
assessment – Housing Developers (Project Account) Rules (Cap 130, R 2, 1997
Rev Ed)  
  

7 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

**Facts**

1 KE, the respondent, is a licensed housing developer. It developed a
condominium project for which Temporary Occupation Permits (“TOPs”) for the
units were issued in 1998, by which time all the units had been sold.

2 The development was undertaken under the Housing Developers (Control and
Licensing) Act (Cap 130, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The agreements of the
respondent entered into with the purchasers of the units were in the form
prescribed under the Housing Developers Rules (Cap 130, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed).
Clause 5 of the agreements stipulated that 85% of the purchase price was to be
paid by instalments to the respondent within 14 days from the issue of the
TOPs, the remaining 15% being payable on legal completion when legal titles
are delivered to the purchasers.

3 The TOPs were issued within the respondent’s financial year ended 30 June
1998 and the Year of Assessment (“YA”) 1999.

4 The management of the finances of the development are governed by the Act
and the Housing Developers (Project Account) Rules (Cap 130, R 2, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the Project Account Rules”). The Act requires housing developers to set up a
project account for each development. Proceeds from the sale of the
development have to be paid into the project account, and withdrawals from the
project account can only be made for the purposes approved by the Project
Account Rules. Rule 7 however provides that after the grant of the TOP, the
developer may withdraw any surplus money in the project account after making
several mandatory deductions.

5 The combined effect of this rule and cl 5 of the agreement is that the
respondent has control of the moneys in the project account when the TOP is
issued and 85% of the purchase price is payable.

6 When the TOPs were issued, the respondent had incurred $135.9m in
construction and allowable expenses (hereinafter referred to as “the incurred
costs”).

7 The respondent which had elected to be taxed by the Completed Contract
Method (also known as the Completion Method) sought to deduct 85% of the
incurred costs from the 85% of the sale proceeds in computing its tax
liability for YA 1999, with the balance 15% of the costs to be deducted from
the remaining 15% of the sale proceeds in a subsequent year of assessment.

8 The Comptroller of Income Tax (“CIT”) did not allow that, and took the
position that the full amount of incurred costs was to be deducted in YA 1999
from the sale proceeds accrued in that year.

9 The respondent appealed to the Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”)
against the CIT’s decision. When the Board ruled in favour of the respondent,
the CIT appealed against the Board’s decision, and the appeal came before me.

**The Completed Contract Method**

10 This method allows a taxpayer such as the respondent who receives payment
on contracts by instalments to compute his tax liability only at the
completion of the contract.

11 The rationale for this method was explained by Lord Templeman in the Privy
Council’s decision in _TH Limited v Comptroller of Income Tax_ (1950–1985)
MSTC 457 (“ _TH v CIT_ ”) at 459; _Thomas Hill Ltd_ [properly, Thomson Hill
Ltd] _v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1984–1985] SLR 2 at 5, [9]:

The principle which inspires the completed contract method is that a project
does not yield a profit or an income until the project has been completed and
proceeds of sale are or can be realised. Until completion, that is until
profit or income can be realised, revenue is not recognised or attributed to
enhance work in progress and on the other hand costs and expenses are not
brought into account. There is thus no need to value work in progress from
year to year in order to arrive at the profit for that year. Profit only
arises when the contract or development is completed.

12 A housing development is not considered to be completed before legal titles
to the properties are delivered to the purchasers. For licensed housing
developers, however, the completion of a development is brought forward under
the Statement of Accounting Standard 16 (Revised) (“SAS 16”) issued by the
Council of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore in July
1996, para 5 of which states:

**Recognition of profit under the completion method**

5 Profit shall be recognised when property is sold and a _temporary occupation
licence has been issued_ by the authorities and provided:

a) The parties are bound by the terms of a contract;

b) The collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured; and

c) The property is ready for delivery.

Unless all conditions exist, recognition of all or part of the profit should
be withheld. Where a portion of the sales price is not due from the buyer
under the terms of the purchase and sales agreement, the profit attributable
to that portion may be deferred.

[emphasis added]

13 Although it has no statutory effect both parties accepted that SAS 16 is to
be applied.

14 It was also common ground between the respondent and the CIT that the
respondent’s income from the development was to be recognised at the TOP
stage, when 85% of the purchase price was payable to the respondent by the
purchasers.

**The Board’s decision**

15 The Board ruled in favour of the respondent, though not on the ground
relied on by the respondent.

16 The Board identified that the question is to be determined by reference to
two provisions of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed), namely s
10(1)(_a_) which is the charging provision and s 14(1), the income-recognition
provision:

**10.** —(1) Income tax shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be
payable at the rate or rates specified hereinafter for each year of assessment
upon the income of any person accruing in or derived from Singapore or
received in Singapore from outside Singapore in respect of —

(_a_) gains or profits from any trade, business, profession or vocation, for
whatever period of time such trade, business, profession or vocation may have
been carried on or exercised;

…

**14.** —(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any
period from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this
Part as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly
and exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production
of the income …

17 The Board relied heavily on Lord Templeman’s judgment in _TH v CIT_ in
coming to its decision. It was unfortunate, in the circumstances, that when
the Board purported to state the facts of that case by setting out the
headnote of the case as reported in (1950–1985) MSTC 457 in its grounds of
decision, some words were left out, which rendered the meaning incomplete (see
_KE v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2005] SGITBR 4 at [41]).

18 The full headnote, with the words omitted by the Board reinstated and
italicised, reads:

TH Limited carried on business as housing developers. The company elected and
the Comptroller accepted that the profit and loss accounts of the company
should be prepared by the “completed contract method”.

Over a period of three years the property tax payable in respect of every
development site held by the company was not charged against the company’s
profit in each year of payment as part of the general administration expenses
of the company but was included in the costs and expenses of the development
for the purposes of arriving at the net profit of that development _included
in the income of the company in the year of completion of the development_.
But for the property tax paid, the net profit disclosed in the year of
completion would have been higher by the amount of tax paid between the
acquisition of the site and the completion of the project.

In the subsequent year’s accounts, the taxpayer altered its practice with
regard to property tax. The tax paid during that year in respect of each
development site was treated as a general administration expense of the
company and was brought into the profit and loss account for the year thus
reducing the net profit liable to income tax. The Comptroller had insisted
that the taxpayer comply with the completed contract method adopted by the
company. The taxpayer appealed to the Board of Review, the High Court and the
Court of Appeal of Singapore without success.

The taxpayer argued that if the property tax for each development had been
treated as part of the development costs, the accounts of a company pending
completion of the development would have been distorted. It also asserted that
in the completed contract method some costs which were directly attributable
to a particular contract and nothing else were not to be taken into account in
the final computation of profit but were to be treated as though they were
general expenses of the company simply because they did not enhance the value
of the site which was in the course of development.

19 The taxpayer’s appeal was dismissed by the Privy Council, and the grounds
were summarised in the same headnote:

1\. There could have been no distortion of the profit and loss accounts of the
company prepared pursuant to the completed contract method save for the
inevitable distortion caused by the method itself. But the method had been
accepted by the Comptroller of Taxes and by the taxpayer and its advisers and
had been approved by the Institute of Charted Accountants of England and Wales
and the International Accounting Standards Committee.

2\. The principles of commercial accounting applicable to the completed
contract method require the uniform treatment of costs and expenses
attributable to a particular project, whether those costs and expenses can be
said to enhance the value of the subject matter of the project or not.

20 In the present case, the Board, in arriving at its decision, stated at [46]
to [48] of its grounds of decision ([17] _supra_):

46\. In the Board’s view, the dispute that has arisen in this case (whereby
85% of the Sales Proceeds are deemed to have been derived in the Year of
Assessment 1999 and that 100% of the Costs are to be deducted therefrom,
leaving 15% of the Sales Proceeds taxable in the Year of Assessment 2000 with
no corresponding proportion deduction of the Costs) is due to the adherence of
the Completed Contract Method until TOP was granted for the Development and
the abandonment of such method immediately thereafter.

47\. As Lord Templeman had stated in _TH_ at page 462, “in the present case
the company is not being asked to abandon the completed contract method but to
apply it uniformly and consistently”.

48\. To apply the Completed Contract Method (which has long been accepted by
the Respondent and endorsed by this Board in _MPD_) uniformly and consistently
would lead to the following two alternatives:

(a) 85% of the Sales Proceeds to be deemed derived in the Year of Assessment
1999 (with a corresponding deduction of 85% of the Costs) and 15% of the Sales
Proceeds to be deemed derived in the Year of Assessment 2000 (with a
corresponding deduction of 15% of the Costs) (“Alternative 1”); or

(b) 100% of the Sales Proceeds to be deemed derived in the Year of Assessment
1999, with a corresponding deduction of 100% of the Costs (“Alternative 2”).

and at [55]:

[T]he Board is of the opinion that only 85% of the Sales Proceeds are to be
deemed to have accrued to the Appellant in the Year of Assessment 1999.
Accordingly, applying [_Minister of National Revenue v Anaconda American Brass
Ltd_ [1956] AC 85], the accounting method consistent with tax laws and the
Completed Contract Method would be Alternative 1. The Board accordingly holds
that 85% of the Sales Proceeds are to be deemed accrued in the Year of
Assessment 1999 (with a corresponding deduction of 85% of the Costs) and 15%
of the Sales Proceeds are to be deemed accrued in the Year of Assessment 2000
(with a corresponding deduction of 15% of the Costs).

21 In [48] of the grounds of decision, the Board stated without explanation
that the uniform and consistent application of the Completed Contract Method
would lead to the two alternative positions set out, adding at [49] that the
respondent’s expert witness “also confirmed that the … two alternatives were
the only two alternatives permitted under the Completed Contract Method.”

22 The affidavit of evidence-in-chief of the respondent’s expert witness, Mr
Kaka Singh, did not contain any such confirmation, and he had only set out two
scenarios in [16] of his affidavit set out in [36] hereof as illustrations,
without asserting or implying that those were the only possible scenarios.

23 There must be at least a third alternative, that the full incurred costs
(_ie,_ the $135.9m) be deducted from the full income received or receivable,
(_ie_ , 85% of the total sale proceeds). This alternative has the benefit of
being consistent with the words of s 14(1) of the Income Tax Act, that in
ascertaining income “for any period” all outgoings and expenses incurred
“during that period” shall be deducted. The provision calls for no
apportionment or deferral of incurred costs.

24 With respect to the Board, [48] of its grounds of decision revealed a
misunderstanding of Lord Templeman’s judgment. When Lord Templeman referred to
uniformity and consistency, he was referring to uniformity and consistency in
the treatment of expenses attributable to a project, whether the expenses
enhanced the value of the project or not, and that was said in response to the
taxpayer’s attempt to treat property tax separately from the other costs of
development. His Lordship was not referring to any principle that would allow
the apportionment of the costs of development to the 85% payment reckoning of
the completion of the contract because the case pre-dated the Project Account
Rules. At that time, a development project would be taken to be completed when
title was delivered.

25 When Lord Templeman ruled at 460 that:

… the completed contract method of computing income is accepted by the
Comptroller of Taxes and by the company and its advisers and was approved by
the Statement of Standard Accounting Practice No. 9 issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and by the International Accounting
Exposure Draft No. 12 issued by the International Accounting Standards
Committee. Pursuant to that approved method no income of the company arises
from a development _until that development is completed_. Outgoings and
expenses directly attributable to that development are not deductible from the
income of the company as they arise but are only taken into account in
arriving at the profit derived from the development and that profit
constitutes part of the income of the company in the year of completion and
not in any previous year. [emphasis added]

he was taking the project completion to be the date of legal completion.

26 There was no question in _TH v CIT_ of maintaining uniformity and
consistency in costs and profits between the 85% and the 100% payment stages.
_TH v CIT_ , on a proper reading, is not authority or basis for restricting
the deduction of incurred costs to 85% for YA 1999.

**The alternative basis**

27 The respondent went beyond supporting the Board’s ground for arriving at
its decision. It went on under O 55D r 7(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5 2006 Rev Ed), to argue that the Board’s decision should be affirmed on an
alternative basis.

28 The respondent submitted on the application of s 10(1) and s 14 of the
Income Tax Act:

In view of the particular drafting employed for section 10(1)(a), it is
obvious that it is necessary to first determine the “gains or profits”
chargeable to tax under section 10(1)(a) before we turn to section 14(1).
Adopting this interpretation, there would be certain costs, in particular, …
cost of sales, which have to be taken into account at this stage and which are
not subject to section 14(1).[note: 1]

29 There is nothing exceptional about the first sentence. Section 10(1) is the
charging provision which sets out the sources of income which are subject to
taxation. Section 14(1) is the income-recognition provision that specifies the
manner in which income is to be quantified for the purpose of taxation.

30 Logic and practicality suggest that s 10(1) be applied first, before moving
on to apply s 14. There is no purpose in quantifying income from a source
which may not be taxable.

31 The second sentence, that costs of sales has to be taken into account under
s 10(1)(_a_) and not under s 14 is controversial and hard to follow. Section
10(1) is concerned with the types of income, and s 14(1), the quantum of
income. Costs of sales or construction costs affect the quantum, and not the
type of income.

32 The respondent went on to assert that:

The “gains or profits” chargeable to tax under section 10(1)(a) are to be
determined according to the applicable principles of commercial accounting, in
particular, the Completed Contracts Method.[note: 2]

33 If this is taken to mean that in this case “gains or profits” under s
10(1)(_a_) have to be quantified according to the Completed Contract Method,
that is correct, as taxable income under s 10(1)(_a_) has to be quantified
under s 14(1). However, the thrust of the statement was the respondent’s
contention on the manner in which the Completed Contract Method is to be
applied.

34 In para 33 of its submissions before the Board, the respondent contended
that:

The correct approach requires that the “gains or profits” chargeable to tax
under section 10(1)(a) first be determined by taking into account the related
cost of sales against the revenue recognised. Applying this approach to the
instant case and matching the related cost of sales against the revenue
recognised pursuant to the applicable business and accountancy principles, 85%
of the costs of sales has to be recognised in the Year of Assessment 1999, in
which 85% of the proceeds from the sale of the units in the Development were
recognised, and 15% of the costs of sales has to be recognised in the Year of
Assessment 2000, in which 15% of the proceeds from the sale of the units in
the Development were recognised.

35 Mr Kaka Singh, a senior accountant, stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief that:

8\. In other jurisdictions, revenues and expenses may be accounted for on a
cash received and cash paid basis. When this method is used, revenues are
reported as earned in the period in which cash is received, and cost and
expenses are reported in periods in which cash is paid. Taxable income
matching is therefore calculated as the difference between cash receipts from
revenues and cash payments for expenses. But in Singapore this cash method is
not permitted under the accounting standards or the tax rules for companies.
Rather, companies are required to prepare their financial statements on the
accrual basis of accounting, i.e. to recognise transactions and events when
they occur and not as cash or its equivalent is received or paid. As explained
above, revenues can be earned in a period other than when cash is received,
and expenses can be incurred in a period other than when cash is paid.

and that led the Singapore tax practice to adopt a matching rule:

9\. … The accountant solves this problem by applying the matching rule. Under
the matching rule, revenues must be assigned to the accounting period in which
the goods were sold or the services performed, and expenses must be assigned
to the accounting period in which they were used to produce revenue. Though
direct cause-and-effect relationships can seldom be demonstrated for certain,
many costs, in particular, costs of sales, can be related to particular
revenue. The accountant will recognise such expenses and related revenue in
the same accounting period …

Thus, costs of sales is generally recognised in the same period in which the
related revenue from sales is recognised. We cannot have a sale without a
costs of sales. This is the most basic principle in accounting.

36 He went on to say that the same general principles apply in the preparation
of the financial statements of housing developers, with income recognition to
be carried out in compliance with SAS 16, and:

13\. Applying the [Completed Contract Method], on the issue of the TOP, 100%
of the revenue and the costs should be recorded because:

(a) at this stage the property buyer has sufficient stake in the property to
honour payment of the sale price, that is, there is no uncertainty of the
realisability of revenue; and

(b) at this stage the property developer is in a very good position to
estimate the cost to complete, that is there is no uncertainty of the cost
incurred or to be incurred.

14\. However, under the Housing Developers Rules, only 85% [of the sale
proceeds] can be invoiced on the issue of the TOP. This gave rise to the
practice of recording 85% of the revenue at this point. It should however be
recognised that the payments by the buyer based on the Schedule to the Housing
Developers Rules is a funding arrangement between the developer and the buyer
and it is to assist the developer in funding its cash flow requirements and is
not an acceptable accounting practice to measure the performance of the
development or stage of completion of the development project.

15\. In the recognition of costs, under the matching rule … costs of sales
should be recognised in the same period in which the related revenue from
sales is recognised. It is a fundamental accounting principle that we cannot
have a sale without a costs of sales.

16\. In determining the relative costs of sales to be recognised, it should be
borne in mind that the scheduled or instalment payments by the buyers were in
the nature of a funding arrangement between the buyers and the developer and
that, to the extent there is an excess of total proceeds over cost, _each
instalment is deemed to bear the same proportion of profit._ _That is to say_
, _the percentage of the costs of sales recognised in each period should be
directly proportional to the percentage of sales proceeds recognised in that
period._ Therefore, if 100% of the sales proceeds are recognised in the Year
of Assessment (“YA”) 1999, 100% of the costs of sales should be recognised in
YA 1999. Likewise, if 85% of the sales proceeds are recognised in YA 1999 and
the remaining 15% in YA 2000, 85% and 15% of the costs of sales should be
recognised in YA 1999 and YA 2000 respectively.

[emphasis added]

and

18.(d) The result of the Comptroller’s method of computation is that it
charges to tax an understated profit in YA 1999 and an overstated profit in YA
2000. The anomaly is very apparent when one looks at the result in YA 2000. As
costs of sales had been fully deducted against 85% of revenue in YA 1999, no
costs of sales were available for deduction against the 15% of revenue
recognised in YA 2000. The consequence, therefore, is that the Appellant was
charged to tax on the gross 15% of revenue in YA 2000, without any deduction
for costs of sale. The charging to tax of gross receipts from sales of trading
stock without any deduction for costs of sales is manifestly wrong insofar as
it does not follow generally accepted accounting principles in the
determination of gains or profits from trade chargeable to tax. The anomaly in
YA 2000 arises as a direct result of the Comptroller recognising 100% of the
costs of sales in YA 1999 against 85% of revenue, without giving due regard to
the nature of costs of sales, which have to be “matched” with the related
revenue from sales.

37 He did not make clear in para 13 of his affidavit what the “100% of the
revenue” referred to. If that meant a 100% of the proceeds received, _ie_ ,
85% of the full sale price, that is correct. However if that meant a 100% of
the sale price, that is incorrect.

38 The first sentence of para 14 implied that except for the intervention of
the Housing Developers Rules, 100% of the purchase price is payable when the
TOP is issued. This is not correct. In law, an agreement for the sale and
purchase of real property is not completed before legal title to the property
is delivered to the purchaser, and a developer or any vendor cannot expect to
receive the full purchase price before passing title to the purchaser. The
Project Account Rules freed the project account at the 85% stage and enabled
the contract completion for the purpose of income recognition and taxation to
be moved forward from the legal completion stage to the TOP stage.

39 With reference to para 16, even if it is accepted that when the purchase
price is paid in instalments that is in the nature of a funding arrangement,
there is no basis to assert that “each instalment is deemed to bear the same
proportion of [the] profit” of the project.

40 When the Completed Contract Method is applied, the profit is recognised at
the time of completion. The principle underlying the method, as explained by
Lord Templeman and set out in [11] hereof, is to make it unnecessary to work
out profits from year to year, and by the same reasoning, from instalment to
instalment, and to quantify the profits only at the time of legal completion
when title is delivered.

41 When the Completed Contract Method and SAS 16 are applied together, then at
the time the sale proceeds of 85% of the purchase price are recognised, the
whole costs of sales of $135.9m incurred at that time should be deducted. Once
the project is taken to be completed at the 85% payment or TOP stage, all the
existing income and costs should be taken into account, because there cannot
be a second completion under the Completed Contract Method. If the accounting
practice is different, it does not aid the respondent’s case because, as the
Board noted in [50] of its decision:

The general principle is of course well established that where accountancy
practice is inconsistent with tax laws, the latter must prevail (_Odeon
Associated Theatres v Jones_ [[1973] Ch 288;] 48 TC 257 and _Heather v P-E
Consulting Group Ltd_ [[1973] Ch 189;] 48 TC 320). In [_Pinetree Resort Pte
Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2000] 4 SLR 1], Yong CJ further held as
follows at pages 11 and 12 [;[33]] after referring to _Odeon_ and _Heather_ :

The editors of Whiteman on Income Tax (3rd Ed) point out that in general, if
accounts are prepared in a normal commercial manner and in accordance with
current accountancy practice, the profit shown by those accounts will be taken
as the taxable profit, subject to any specific statutory provisions and _to
the overriding power of the court to disregard accountancy practice where that
practice appears to be based on a mistaken view of the law._ This spells out
the fact that regardless of how persuasive accounting evidence is, the
prerogative still lies with the court to decide whether a particular item
should be regarded as income that has accrued for the purposes of liability to
tax.

[emphasis in original]

42 With regard to para 18(d) of Mr Kaka Singh’s affidavit, the anomaly
referred to is a direct outcome of the respondent’s decision to have its tax
liability determined according to the Completed Contract Method and SAS 16. If
one looks at the situation from the stand point of the Completed Contract
Method and SAS 16, there is no anomaly at all.

43 In a situation where the sale proceeds received or receivable in YA 1999
represents 100% of the purchase price, all the costs accrued up to the same
period should be deducted. Likewise if the sale proceeds recognised in YA 1999
amount to 85% of the purchase price, all the costs accrued up to YA 1999,
should be deducted. The underlying principle is the same, _ie_ , all costs
incurred up to the year of assessment are deducted from all the sale proceeds
received or receivable up to that year of assessment. There is no reason or
justification for deferring 15% of the accrued costs to a subsequent year of
assessment, and then to treat the deferred costs and any further costs
incurred in the subsequent year of assessment as one. Such a division and
deferral is inconsistent with s 14(1) of the Income Tax Act, as I have
explained in [23] hereof.

44 The respondent’s arguments relied on the principles of commercial
accounting and the notion of proportionality referred to by Mr Kaka Singh in
para 16 of his affidavit. This adherence to proportionality and the Board’s
ruling on uniformity and consistency share the same basis, _ie_ , that any
deduction for costs of sales for one year of assessment should be limited in
proportion to the proportion of the sale proceeds received or receivable in
that year of assessment. The difference between the approach taken by the
respondent and that of the Board is that the Board did not find it necessary
to start with a discussion whether construction costs should come under s
10(1)(_a_) or s 14(1) of the Income Tax Act.

45 For the same reasons I do not accept the Board’s conclusion based on its
ruling on uniformity and consistency, I reject the respondent’s submission on
proportionality.

**Conclusion**

46 The appeal is allowed, with costs to the CIT to be taxed.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s submissions dated 13 August 2004 tendered to the Board at
para 15b. The Respondent’s case dated 2 April 2006 tendered in the appeal
before me specially refers to these submissions.

[note: 2]Respondent’s case dated 2 April 2006 at para 38(ii).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

