Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd v Nam Tat Hardware Co (a firm)  
[2006] SGHC 37

Case Number | : | Suit 911/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien (Leslie Yeo and Associates) for the plaintiff; Gong Chin Nam and Hoon Tai Meng (T M Hoon and Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd — Nam Tat Hardware Co (a firm)   
  
Contract – Breach – Contract providing for payment by letter of credit –
Parties agreeing on alternative modes of payment – Whether contract terminated
or repudiated or simply varied – Whether contract subsequently breached –
Whether substantial damages proved  
  

1 March 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 The plaintiff company HG Metal Manufacturing Ltd (“HG”) is a steel stockist.
It had entered into a contract dated 6 September 2004 (“the Contract”) with
the defendant firm Nam Tat Hardware Company (“Nam Tat”) to buy from Nam Tat
its entire stock of 4,741.812mt of mild steel sheets, plates and chequered
plates at a unit price of $890 per metric tonne. The total contract price was
therefore about $4.2m but the quantity sold under the Contract was subject to
a qualification of plus or minus 3%.

2 Under the Contract, the mode of payment was to be by way of two letters of
credit. The first letter of credit for 50% of the contract value was to be “at
sight” and to be issued within seven days from the date of the contract. The
second letter of credit for the other 50% was to be “at 30 days sight” and to
be issued within 14 days from the date of contract. Delivery was to be
effected at Nam Tat’s yard only upon receipt of the letters of credit.

3 The letters of credit were not issued and instead different modes of payment
were subsequently agreed upon. The first main issue was whether the Contract
had been terminated at the time when the parties agreed on the first
collection, and was substituted by two _ad hoc_ agreements of sale for smaller
quantities, or whether only the mode of payment had been varied for two
collections of metals leaving the Contract otherwise intact and still
applicable. The importance of this issue will be seen later as Nam Tat
subsequently sold part of the balance to a third party. HG did not take
delivery of the remaining quantity in Nam Tat’s possession. Consequently HG
initiated this action to claim damages from Nam Tat.

4 After hearing the evidence and considering the submissions, I granted HG
judgment for a nominal sum of $10 with each party to bear its own costs of the
action and of an application for summary judgment and to bear the hearing fees
equally. HG has appealed against my decision. I set out below my reasons.

**The court’s reasons**

5 It is not in dispute that soon after the Contract was signed, HG’s managing
director, Tan Chan Too, had a discussion with Kwa Chin Tat, a partner of Nam
Tat, on the mode of payment. On this point I accepted Mr Kwa’s evidence that
it was Mr Tan who said that HG had fully utilised its letter of credit
facilities and persuaded him to allow HG to take delivery of 2,000mt first by
an alternative mode of payment _ie_ , HG would sign Nam Tat’s delivery order
for this quantity in advance and Nam Tat would present this together with its
invoice to one of HG’s bankers and receive payment of the same. I did not
accept Mr Tan’s version that it was Mr Kwa who was keen for HG to collect the
goods in order for Nam Tat to receive payment earlier than the time it would
take for a letter of credit to be issued. I also did not accept Mr Tan’s
absurd suggestion that the proposed alternative mode of payment was as secure
as cash on delivery. There was no letter of credit from a bank to assure Nam
Tat that when it presented the signed delivery order and its invoice to a
bank, it would receive payment. There was not even a bank guarantee.

6 Ms Foong Lee Heng, the head of finance in HG, gave evidence that as at 30
September 2004, HG had a fixed deposit of about $8m and a cash and bank
balance amounting to about $6.4m. In addition, HG had total bank facilities of
$93m to draw on as at 30 September 2004. This evidence was to support Mr Tan’s
evidence that it was Mr Kwa who wanted to change the mode of payment. However,
Ms Foong did not elaborate as to HG’s financial position, including its
commitments and plans, as at the date of the Contract _ie_ , 7 September 2004.
Furthermore, if HG had all these facilities available at the relevant time,
why was there a need to split up the letter of credit into two to be issued at
different times? In addition, as Mr Kwa said and I accepted, it was he who had
wanted payment to be by way of letter of credit when the Contract was
negotiated. Having done so, he would not have initiated a change in the mode
of payment.

7 Whether or not HG’s letter of credit facilities had been fully ulitilised at
the relevant time, I accepted that this was what Mr Tan told Mr Kwa. Mr Tan
had changed his mind, for reasons best known to himself, and persuaded Mr Kwa
to accept a mode of payment less secure than what the Contract had provided
for.

8 I also accepted that Mr Kwa was irate when Mr Tan proposed an alternative
mode of payment so soon after signing the Contract. I will say more about this
later.

9 The delivery of 2,000mt was effected between 9 to 17 September 2004 by self-
collection at Nam Tat’s yard. Due to the nature of the goods, it was not
possible to allow HG to collect exactly 2,000mt and the delivery order and
invoice reflected a quantity of 1,999.441mt. According to Mr Kwa the actual
quantity collected turned out to be 1,994.134mt.

10 HG had signed and returned a delivery order dated 8 September 2004; Nam Tat
then presented the same and the relevant invoice to its banker for onward
presentation to HG’s banker on 9 September 2004. Nam Tat did not receive
payment until 17 September 2004.

11 According to Mr Kwa, Mr Tan then sought to take delivery of another
1,000mt. Mr Kwa wanted payment for this quantity to be by way of letter of
credit but was again persuaded by Mr Tan not to insist on this mode of payment
and to accept Mr Tan’s assurance that payment for this quantity would be
received by 30 September 2004. As Mr Kwa agreed to this on or around 20
September 2004, he allowed collection for this quantity to be done between 20
to 28 September 2004. According to him, the actual quantity collected this
time was 1,084.356mt and Nam Tat prepared an invoice for 1,079.135mt after
taking into account the shortfall from the first delivery. Mr Kwa’s figures
did not quite add up because the difference between 1,999.441mt, as stated in
the delivery order and invoice for the first collection, and 1,994.134mt,
being the amount collected, is 0.307mt, whereas the difference between the
1,084.356mt collected and the invoice for 1,079.135mt in respect of the second
collection is 5.221mt. Also, while Mr Kwa’s evidence was that a total of
3,078.490mt was collected by then, Mr Tan’s evidence was that 3,078.578mt was
collected. The parties were unable to resolve this minor difference in the
quantities collected which difference was immaterial in the circumstances.

12 However, I accepted Mr Kwa’s account as to how the arrangement for the
second collection came about and the due date for payment _ie_ , 30 September
2004. Also, contrary to Mr Tan’s initial assertion, the mode of payment for
the second collection was not the same as for the first collection. For the
second collection, the delivery order was not signed by HG in advance. Also,
it was submitted by Nam Tat with the invoice by hand to HG on 29 September
2004 and not through Nam Tat’s banker. Nam Tat did not receive payment until 8
October 2004.

13 The parties agreed that the balance with Nam Tat then was 1,785mt although
it was not clear to me how that figure was derived. However, when HG sent its
lorries on 9 October 2004 to collect the balance, no collection was allowed.

14 According to Mr Tan, he was shocked when the lorries were asked to turn
back on 9 October 2004 and he immediately contacted Mr Kwa who told him that
the quantity left was insufficient to meet the contract quantity. According to
Mr Kwa, it was he who called Mr Tan on 9 October 2004 and asked for an
“immediate sight” letter of credit failing which he would sell the balance to
someone else. Mr Tan did not agree to procure the letter of credit.

15 Of the two, I found Mr Kwa to be more credible generally. I have already
mentioned Mr Tan’s absurd suggestion that the presentation of documents to a
bank, without a letter of credit, was as good as cash. I would elaborate that
Mr Tan stubbornly stuck to this suggestion during cross-examination until he
eventually admitted it was not as good as cash.

16 The Contract, if it still applied, called for payment to be by letter of
credit. If, on the other hand, the Contract had ceased to apply, there was in
any event no fresh agreement for the balance held by Nam Tat, whether it had
already sold part thereof to a third party or not. Accordingly, as at 9
October 2004, HG was not entitled to collect the balance.

17 On 11 October 2004, Nam Tat sold 506.074mt to a third party, Master Sales
Pte Ltd (“Master Sales”). On the same day, it sent a fax to HG listing out the
remainder of the goods in its possession and requesting a letter of credit to
be issued. On 12 October 2004, HG responded by sending a fax to Nam Tat
itemising items missing from Nam Tat’s updated list and informing Nam Tat
“don’t play”. Nam Tat responded on 13 October 2004 with a similar updated
list.

18 According to Mr Tan, HG then applied for a letter of credit for $1,588,650.
This was issued on 18 October 2004.

19 On 20 October 2004, HG sent a fax to notify Nam Tat about the issuance of
the letter of credit and that HG would be collecting “the balanced quantity”
starting 23 October 2004. I should mention that the “balanced quantity” which
HG was referring to was the 1,785mt since it was not accepting that Nam Tat
was entitled to sell 506.074mt to a third party. The 1,785mt worked out, at
the price of $890 per metric tonne, to $1,588,650 which was the sum stated in
the letter of credit. However, the quantity of goods stated in the letter of
credit was 1,700mt as this was based on the application for the letter of
credit. Apparently HG’s application for a letter of credit had factored in a
goods and services tax of 5%. So, the quantity in the application had to be
reduced to 1,700mt at $890 per metric tonne to arrive at the sum of
$1,588,650.

20 On 25 October 2004, HG’s solicitors, Leslie Yeo & Associates, sent Nam Tat
a demand relying on the Contract and requiring 1,785mt to be ready for
collection by 12 noon on 27 October 2004, failing which HG would treat the
Contract as repudiated.

21 On 28 October 2004, Nam Tat’s solicitors replied to assert that as HG had
repudiated the Contract, Nam Tat was no longer bound by its terms and that Nam
Tat was not obliged to supply the goods as demanded by HG.

22 As I have mentioned, the first main issue was whether the Contract had been
terminated at the time the parties had agreed on the first collection. If it
had been terminated then, HG would have no basis to claim for breach of
contract. Nam Tat’s basis for claiming that the Contract had been terminated
was, however, inconsistent.

23 In its amended defence, Nam Tat alleged that after Mr Tan had told Mr Kwa
the first time that HG was not going to procure a letter of credit to be
issued, Mr Kwa had said that the Contract had become useless and thus had
accepted HG’s repudiation of the Contract. The agreement to allow the first
collection was a fresh agreement and not a waiver of the requirement to pay by
letter of credit. The second collection was likewise pursuant also to a fresh
agreement for the same.

24 In para 14 of Mr Kwa’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) he said he
had told Mr Tan that the Contract had become useless when he learned that HG
was not going to procure a letter of credit to be issued. Mr Kwa did not say
explicitly that by making this statement, he had intended to and did terminate
the Contract, although it is arguable that this is what he meant.

25 However the defendants’ amended opening statement made no reference to Nam
Tat’s acceptance of HG’s repudiation. Instead para 5.1 thereof alleged that
the Contract had been terminated when HG informed Nam Tat that the letter of
credit would not be issued. This allegation was repeated in para 6 of the
defendants’ closing submission, although in para 59 thereof Nam Tat reverted
to the position that it had accepted HG’s repudiation. As Nam Tat should be
aware, a repudiation _per se_ does not constitute a termination. It has to be
accepted to result in a termination of the Contract.

26 As for the evidence, I was of the view that Mr Kwa was irate and did say
that the Contract was useless or words to that effect. However, I was of the
view that what Mr Kwa meant was that the Contract was useless if HG was not
abiding by its terms. He had not intended to and he did not in fact terminate
the Contract there and then but was merely expressing his frustration at this
sudden and unwelcome development. The idea of his having terminated the
Contract by accepting the repudiation was an after-thought. Indeed in the
response dated 28 October 2004 from Nam Tat’s solicitors (see [21] above),
there was no assertion that the repudiation had been accepted.

27 Counsel for Nam Tat referred to _Vitol SA v Norelf Ltd_ [1996] AC 800 where
Lord Steyn said at 810 that “[i]t is sufficient that the communication or
conduct clearly and unequivocally conveys to the repudiating party that the
aggrieved party is treating the contract as at an end”. Although I was of the
view that I should not take too technical an approach in construing the words
and conduct of laymen, I concluded that the words of Mr Kwa fell short of
clearly and unequivocally conveying to Mr Tan that the Contract was at an end.
Also, Mr Kwa’s conduct in allowing the collections was equivocal.

28 Accordingly, I found that the Contract had not been terminated then and
that the subsequent arrangements about the first and second collections were
variations of the mode of payment only. There was no agreement to vary the
mode of payment for the last collection but, eventually, HG did procure a
letter of credit to be issued for a sum sufficient to pay for the balance of
1,785mt. Nam Tat was liable to allow collection of the same but did not do so.
Accordingly Nam Tat was in breach of contract.

29 I add that HG had sought to rely on the specifications of metal collected
to support its contention that the Contract was still applicable then. Its
argument was that some of the metals collected were of specifications
different from those identified in the delivery orders for the first and
second collections. It alleged that Nam Tat had allowed it to collect those
different metals because HG would eventually be entitled to take delivery of
all the metals sold under the Contract. Nam Tat’s position was that because of
the different areas where the various metals had been stored, it was not
convenient to allow collection based on the items specified in the delivery
orders. Since the unit price was the same, Nam Tat had allowed HG to collect
what was convenient, but subject to the quantities stated in the respective
delivery orders. This explanation was not illogical. I placed no weight on
HG’s argument about the collection of metals with different specifications as
it was equivocal in the light of Mr Kwa’s explanation. In any event, as
mentioned above, I concluded that Nam Tat was in breach of contract based on
other reasons.

30 As I found Nam Tat to be in breach of contract, the second main issue was
the quantum of damages suffered by HG.

31  A copy of a contract between HG and Bright Steel Sdn Bhd (“Bright Steel)
dated 22 October 2004 and a copy of a quotation from Eastmart Associate Pte
Ltd (“Eastmart”) to HG dated 12 August 2004 to HG were exhibited in Mr Tan’s
AEIC to demonstrate that the market price for the month of October 2004 was
US$675 per metric tonne. This should be more than S$890 per metric tonne,
although how much more would depend on the prevailing exchange rate on which
there was no evidence. More importantly, there was no evidence from the other
contracting party, _ie_ , Bright Steel, or any other evidence to demonstrate
that the Bright Steel contract was genuine or was completed or partially
performed. There was also no evidence from Eastmart or any other evidence to
demonstrate that its quotation was genuine or was accepted by HG.

32 I should also mention that the price of Nam Tat’s sale to Master Sales was
US$595 per metric tonne. Using an exchange rate of say, S$1.65 to US$1, this
would be S$981.75 per metric tonne. However, this was an export contract.
Also, the terms were FOB Singapore. Accordingly, it was unsafe to use this
contract to determine the market price for a local contract and where
collection was to be done by the purchaser.

33 More importantly, para 27 of Mr Tan’s AEIC alleged that HG had entered into
a contract to supply steel plates to one Sunaro Enterprises (“Sunaro”) and HG
had intended to use the outstanding balance under the Contract to meet part of
its obligations to Sunaro. As Nam Tat had defaulted, Mr Tan asserted that HG
had to purchase an equivalent quantity at a higher price to meet its
obligation to Sunaro. Mr Tan exhibited a copy of a sales contract with Sunaro
dated 15 October 2004 to support his assertion but, when he was cross-
examined, he admitted that this contract was not completed. There was also no
suggestion that it was partly performed. The assertion about having to
purchase a quantity at a higher price to meet HG’s obligation under the Sunaro
contract turned out to be a fabrication. It was possible for HG to have wanted
the balance under the Contract for its own stock but that was not HG’s stand
for the trial. HG’s stand was that the balance was to meet part of its
obligation to Sunaro and that stand was not proved.

34 Accordingly, HG had failed to prove its damages. I add that it seemed to me
that there was no substantial damages to speak of in the first place. If the
price under the Contract remained as favourable to HG as HG wanted me to
believe, HG would have sought to collect the remainder from Nam Tat without
prejudice to its right to claim damages for the 506.074mt sold, and delivered,
to Master Sales. It did not attempt to pursue this course of action.

35 In closing submissions, counsel for HG submitted that Nam Tat’s solicitors’
letter of 28 October 2004 demonstrated that Nam Tat was not even prepared to
supply the remainder of about 1,200mt. I was of the view that while that
letter had stated that Nam Tat was not obliged to supply “the goods as
demanded” by HG, this was a reference to the 1,785mt being claimed. That
letter did not explicitly rule out supplying the remainder. Unfortunately,
after that letter, HG did not ask to collect the remainder and, apparently,
Nam Tat also did not offer immediately to allow collection of the remainder.

36 Nevertheless, Mr Kwa did eventually offer this. In an affidavit filed on 20
January 2005 in response to an application for summary judgment, Mr Kwa said
that Nam Tat was still willing to sell the remainder at S$890 per metric tonne
to HG with payment to be made by way of letter of credit. However, this was
not acceptable to HG. This suggested that he did approach HG about the
remainder, if not immediately, at least before his affidavit was executed. Mr
Tan’s affidavit filed on 4 February 2005 stated that HG was not prepared to
accept the remainder. The “reason” for this position was that HG would have to
buy the difference at a higher price from the open market in order to fulfil
its own contractual obligations. I found this “reason” to be without logic. If
the market price then was higher than the price under the Contract, it would
have been in HG’s interest to take the remainder from Nam Tat and buy a lower
quantity from the open market to make up the difference, rather than to refuse
to take the remainder at all and buy a higher quantity from the open market.
As I have mentioned, HG could have done the former without prejudice to its
claim in respect of the 506.074mt. There was no suggestion that Nam Tat would
have refused to let HG reserve its rights in respect of the 506.074mt.

37 In the circumstances, I granted judgment in favour of HG for a nominal sum
of $10. After taking into account the outcome of the different issues, the
final outcome and the conduct of the parties, I decided that it was fair for
each party to bear its own costs and to bear the hearing fees equally and I so
ordered.

38 I would add that if HG had established the quantum of damages as claimed,
this would still be subject to the plus or minus 3% qualification which Mr Tan
had accepted would be at the option of Nam Tat _ie_ , Nam Tat could supply the
contract quantity less 3% and should not be liable for damages for the 3%.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

