Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni  
[2006] SGHC 194

Case Number | : | OS 668/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yim SC, Adeline Wong (Drew & Napier LLC) and Daniel Koh (Rajah & Tann) for the Law Society of Singapore; R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co), Mahmood Gaznavi (Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners) and Alan Shankar (Alan Shankar & Lim) for the applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary proceedings – Applicant seeking order to
quash findings of disciplinary committee – Whether disciplinary committee
apparently biased – Whether tests of "reasonable suspicion of bias" and "real
likelihood of bias" identical – Whether excessive intervention by disciplinary
committee constituting separate ground for complaint – Whether disciplinary
committee descending into arena and failing to observe proper role  
  

27 October 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 The applicant, Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni is a solicitor of some 17
years’ standing. He stands convicted by a disciplinary tribunal of what, for a
professional man, can only be described as heinous conduct. He contends
however, that he has been the victim of a miscarriage of justice; that the
process by which the conviction was reached was not a fair one. The applicant
reaches out to that hallowed principle: justice must not only be done but it
must manifestly be seen to be done. He contends that this principle has been
violated in his case. What do these words really mean? Are they simply a nice-
sounding tagline expressing a pious aspiration? Or do these words in fact
express an uncompromising standard which serves to guarantee that those having
business before judicial and quasi-judicial bodies in this country will not go
away harbouring any reasonably held apprehensions that they have not been
fairly dealt with? Those are the questions raised in this case.

**The factual background**

2 The complainants are Mislia bte Yusof (“Mdm Mislia”) and her husband Abdul
Malik bin Sukor (“Mr Abdul Malik”).

3 According to the complainants, they were introduced to the applicant some
time in 1999 by one Rudolph Khoo (“Khoo”) who was a real estate agent. Khoo
was assisting them with the sale of their Housing and Development Board
(“HDB”) flat at Block 325 Woodlands Street 32, #12-137, Singapore 730325. At
that time, Mr Abdul Malik was an undischarged bankrupt. Khoo had advised the
complainants that in order to sell their flat, Mr Abdul Malik first needed to
obtain a discharge from his bankruptcy. To enable this, Khoo offered to
procure for the complainants a loan of $25,000 which could be repaid once the
flat was sold. To facilitate these arrangements, Khoo introduced the
complainants to the applicant to act for the complainants in a number of
related matters. These were:

(a) to apply on behalf of Mr Abdul Malik for a discharge from bankruptcy;

(b) to act for the complainants in the sale of their HDB flat; and

(c) to document some loans that the complainants obtained from one Chiang Bin
Kwang (“Chiang”).

4 The loans that the complainants obtained from Chiang were to be discharged
by them from the proceeds of sale of their flat.

5 Some time in June 1999, the complainants attended at the applicant’s office.
They were accompanied by Khoo. The applicant subsequently prepared a loan
agreement which stated that Chiang was to extend an interest-free loan of
$45,000 to Mdm Mislia. The applicant also prepared a warrant to act which
irrevocably authorised the applicant’s firm to act for the complainants in the
sale of their HDB flat and to make payment of the sum of $45,000 to Chiang
from the proceeds of sale of the flat. Mdm Mislia did sign these documents.
She subsequently approached Khoo on two occasions for further loans from
Chiang. These were in July 1999 and September 1999. On each occasion, the
applicant prepared a loan agreement and a letter of authority which authorised
his firm to make payment to Chiang.

6 In total, Mdm Mislia signed three agreements purportedly to borrow from
Chiang the total sum of $88,500 made up of:

(a) $45,000 on the first occasion;

(b) $30,000 on the second occasion; and

(c)  $13,500 on the third occasion.

7 However, according to Mdm Mislia, she in fact only received from Chiang the
sum of $40,000 made up of the sum of $25,000, $10,000 and $5,000 respectively
on each of the three occasions.

8 Some four years later in October 2003, the complainants made a complaint to
the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”). The complaint was initially
considered by an Inquiry Committee. That committee reported on 30 July 2004
that it was of the opinion that a _prima facie_ case had been disclosed which
warranted investigation by a Disciplinary Committee (“DC”).

9 The DC was duly constituted and it heard evidence in respect of three
charges brought against the applicant over two hearing days on 19 and 20 July
2005. Directions were given for closing submissions to be made in writing.

10 On 24 January 2006, the DC reported its findings that all three charges had
been made out against the applicant: see [2006] SGDSC 1. The applicant then
sought leave to make an application for a quashing order in respect of the
DC’s findings and determinations as set out in its report of 24 January 2006.
Having heard the submissions, I gave leave. The application for a quashing
order then came before me and was argued on 20 June 2006.

11 The applicant was represented by Mr R S Bajwa. The Law Society was
represented by Mr Jimmy Yim SC, Ms Adeline Wong and Mr Daniel Koh.

12 There is no doubt that the function of a court dealing with an application
for judicial review is a limited one. The key concern is to scrutinise the
process and ensure that the rules of natural justice have been fairly applied.
The issue in an application for judicial review is not whether the tribunal,
the findings of which are the subject of the challenge, has reached a decision
that the court considers is correct. Rather, it is whether it has proceeded
correctly, observing the applicable “due process” requirements.

13 The central issue that was raised before me arose out of the conduct of the
DC in initiating a certain line of inquiry, prosecuting it with some vigour
when examining the witnesses, and then reaching a conclusion on that issue.
The issue in question related to a specific aspect of the dealings between the
various persons involved. It will be noted that the complaint alleged that
although Mdm Mislia signed documents evidencing loans amounting in total to
$88,500, she and her husband never received this amount from Chiang who was
the lender. Instead, they maintained that they had received much less.
However, the amount of $88,500 was later debited by the applicant’s firm from
the proceeds of the sale of the complainant’s flat and then paid over to
Chiang.

14 The applicant was charged with three counts of grossly improper conduct
contrary to s 83(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed).

15 The charges related to various specific aspects of the applicant’s dealings
with Mdm Mislia and Mr Abdul Malik including allegations that:

(a) the applicant had acted both for the complainants as well as for Chiang in
the loans without advising the complainants of the implications of the
conflict of interest in which he was placed;

(b) the applicant had failed to take the complainants’ full instructions in
preparing the various documents;

(c) the applicant had the complainants sign these documents without fully
advising them on the terms or their implications; and

(d) the applicant had failed to ascertain whether the actual amounts that had
in fact been received by Mdm Mislia from Chiang was in accordance with what
was reflected in the loan agreements.

16 The DC heard evidence from the complainants and the applicant. It also
heard evidence from two witnesses from Citibank Singapore Ltd (“Citibank”),
whom I refer to collectively as “the Citibank witnesses”. The Citibank
witnesses had been called on behalf of the applicant. In the case of the first
two loans to Mdm Mislia, the payments had been made by way of cheques drawn in
her favour. Nonetheless, her evidence was that the cheques had been encashed
by Chiang at Citibank and he then handed her a portion of the sum encashed.
The applicant challenged this and called the Citibank witnesses to deal with
this aspect of the case.

17 The nub of the applicant’s case before me centred on the manner in which
the DC dealt with this part of the evidence and the case. In summary, it came
down to the following:

(a) The Citibank witnesses were “independent” witnesses in that they were the
only ones before the DC not interested in the outcome of the case. The only
other witnesses were the complainants and the applicant.

(b) The DC had not questioned the complainants when they were giving evidence
to the same extent or in the same manner as it had the Citibank witnesses (in
particular, the first witness) or the applicant for that matter.

(c) As against this, the DC had interrupted the applicant’s counsel when he
had been adducing the evidence of the first of the Citibank witnesses who had
testified that it was unlikely that the money could have been handed over to
anyone other than Mdm Mislia. The DC, it was submitted, in effect cross-
examined the witness in an effort to establish otherwise.

(d) The DC’s line of cross-examination appeared to have been directed
initially at showing that the cheques could have been encashed at the priority
banking counter and if presented by Chiang himself, who was a priority banking
customer, he instead of Mdm Mislia might have been able to collect the cash.

(e) The DC’s chairman’s questioning took the form of suggesting at one point
that he himself had seen certain practices being done in relation to banking
at priority banking counters thus challenging the witness’s evidence to the
contrary. In the same vein, the chairman at one point asserted that he had
personal experience in banking for 26 years and again this appeared to be
directed at extracting a concession from the witness.

(f) By way of comparison, the applicant noted that the counsel for the Law
Society had asked a total of seven questions (including just two principal
questions) whereas the chairman and members of the DC asked some 60 or so
questions of the first Citibank witness.

(g) The second of the Citibank witnesses was subsequently called. The chairman
again explored the possibility that Chiang, as a priority banking customer,
instead of Mdm Mislia, could have received the money from the teller even
though the cheques were drawn in favour of Mdm Mislia. The witness, who was
one of the tellers who actually attended to Mdm Mislia, rejected this
possibility. However, the DC did not make any evaluation of her testimony.

18 In its conclusion on this issue, the DC said as follows in its report at
[44]:

In relation to the payments made to Mislia, despite the testimony of Mr Daniel
Ang on Citibank’s best practices on the encashment of cheques and Ms Jolene
Tok’s testimony on her practices as a bank teller, we are nonetheless inclined
to believe Mislia’s evidence in relation to the cashing of cheques drawn in
her favour at the Citibank counters by Chiang. _It was clearly not in
Citibank’s interests to acknowledge that it might be possible in some
circumstances for a drawer of a cheque to cash it over the counter although it
was drawn in favour of someone else._ _However, as the cheques had already
been signed at the counter by Mislia, and Chiang was a Citibank Priority
Customer in possession of Mislia’s IC, we find it highly likely that on both
occasions Chiang would have been able to cash the cheques on Mislia’s behalf_.
With regard to the second cheque, the fact that the words ‘or bearer’ were not
crossed out made it all the more likely that Chiang would be able to cash
Mislia’s cheque over the counter. [emphasis added]

19 There are some points that bear noting in this. First, throughout the
questioning of both the Citibank witnesses the line taken by counsel for the
Law Society and indeed by the DC itself was that it was _possible_ that
Citibank’s practices had not been followed in these instances and that it was
_possible_ that the money had been paid to Chiang rather than to Mdm Mislia.

20 Yet in its decision, the DC found “it was highly likely that on both
occasions Chiang would have been able to cash the cheques on Mislia’s behalf”
in spite of the evidence to the contrary on the practices of the bank. This is
noteworthy because the evidence of the Citibank witnesses was that this was
unlikely if not impossible. That which is unlikely (even if possible) to have
taken place once, becomes so much more unlikely to have occurred on both of
two occasions. The DC does not appear to have considered this at all and based
its conclusion on the fact that Mdm Mislia had already signed the cheque at
the counter and Chiang was a priority banking customer of Citibank. This
brings me to the next point.

21 In relation to both the Citibank witnesses, counsel for the Law Society was
content to rest his cross-examination on establishing the _possibility_ that
in certain circumstances the bank’s general practices might be breached
without regard to whether or not Mdm Mislia was accompanied by a priority
banking customer. The notion that because Chiang was a priority banking
customer of Citibank and he could have skirted around or even breached some of
the procedures was something first suggested and then pursued by the DC. It is
of interest that this whole issue did not even feature in the closing
arguments for the Law Society. The applicant therefore described this aspect
of the DC’s findings as “a product of the Chairman’s mind”.

22 Thirdly, at no time did counsel for the Law Society or any member of the DC
suggest to either of the Citibank witnesses that they were likely to be
anything less than totally frank in their answers because “it was not in
Citibank’s interests to acknowledge that it might be possible in some
circumstances for a drawer of a cheque to cash it over the counter although it
was drawn in favour of someone else”. Yet this appears to have been the other
principal basis upon which the DC chose not to accept their evidence.

23 It is unfortunate that the Citibank witnesses were not given the
opportunity to comment on the DC’s view that their evidence might be suspect
because it would not have been in the bank’s interest to admit of such
possibility.

24 It is not surprising that counsel for the Law Society did not make any such
suggestion to the Citibank witnesses, since he did not even mention their
evidence in his closing arguments. However, their evidence on this issue was a
significant part of the arguments raised on behalf of the applicant in
attacking the credibility of the complainants’ evidence.

25 It also appears that this did bear upon the DC’s evaluation of the evidence
as a whole. This is what the DC said in its report at [46]:

_The Respondent has gone to great lengths to attempt to show in his defence
that Mislia actually received the full sums mentioned in the Loan Agreements
and that he somehow correctly assumed the loans to be interest free. In our
opinion, this was an imprudent approach as it left the Respondent with little
or no credibility._ The Respondent would have us believe that no interest was
in fact payable on the three loans at all and that the lender, who was
completely unknown to the Complainants at the time of the first loan, was
seemingly lending them money out of sheer benevolence. [emphasis added]

26 Finally, there is one further point that should be highlighted. At [49] and
[50] of its report, the DC stated as follows:

The Committee is further of the opinion that the assumptions made by the
Respondent about the interest payable were neither innocuous nor inadvertent.
We also think that in all likelihood the Respondent knew that Chiang was in
the business of lending money (presumably, illegally) and that this was to be
an illegal moneylending transaction.

The Committee therefore concludes that the Respondent prepared the Loan
Agreements as interest-free for the sole purpose of making the loans appear
like friendly loans and thereby hiding the true amounts of interest owed to
Chiang under them. By omitting to ask the Complainants the proper questions
and by attempting to narrow the scope of his retainer, the Respondent was
deliberately turning a blind eye to the true nature of these illegal and
extortionate loans. He did not ask about the interest payable because he did
not want to know. He also abused his position as the Complainants’ solicitor
by leading them to believe that all was above board and that he would protect
their interests when in fact he was much more concerned with protecting
Chiang’s and Rudolph’s interests. As such we find that the acts and omissions
of the Respondent were not merely negligent or even grossly negligent but were
clearly calculated to keep the Complainants in the dark, to make sure Chiang
was paid excessive amounts of interest, and to keep himself out of trouble.

27 I mention these paragraphs because they have some bearing on the conclusion
I have reached in this case. I would only make the point here that these
paragraphs reflect a position that formed no part of the case mounted by the
Law Society in its prosecution of the applicant. Indeed, the very first
paragraph of the Law Society’s closing submissions to the DC stated:

The [applicant] is correct that the Law Society’s position is _not_ that he
has been engaged in fraudulent conduct.

28 Against this background, I return to the application before me. The
applicant rested his claim to relief on the following grounds:

(a) that the DC had conducted itself in such a manner as to give rise to
apparent bias or a reasonable suspicion of bias;

(b) that the DC by virtue of its excessive questioning had descended into the
arena and so lost that degree of detachment which it needed to maintain in
order to ensure that the applicant had a fair trial; and

(c) that the DC applied the wrong standard of proof. Whereas it was accepted
on both sides that the appropriate standard was proof beyond a reasonable
doubt there was nothing in the DC’s report to indicate that it was applying
this standard in evaluating the evidence.

**The preliminary point**

29  In response to the third of the arguments above, Mr Yim first raised a
preliminary point. He noted that this was an application for judicial review
and not an appeal or an application for other recourse under the law.

30 He submitted first that where there are alternative remedies, a court would
be very slow to exercise its supervisory jurisdiction over inferior tribunals.
He relied in this regard on the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _R
v London Borough of Bromley_ [2002] 2 EWCA Civ 1113 (“ _Bromley_ ”). He
further submitted that in an application for judicial review, the court’s
concern was not with the outcome but rather with the process and with the
legality of the decision on its face. He relied upon the decisions of the
House of Lords in _Chief Constable of the North Wales Police v Evans_ [1982] 1
WLR 1155 and of our Court of Appeal in _Singapore Amateur Athletics
Associations v Haron bin Mundir_ [1994] 1 SLR 47 (“ _Haron bin Mundir_ ”). He
submitted that the issue of whether the DC had applied the wrong standard of
proof would in this case necessarily require me to make an evaluation of
whether I thought the decision of the DC was unsupportable on the basis of the
evidence adduced.

31 Dealing with the first point, in my view, Mr Yim’s reliance upon _Bromley_
does not advance his position. _Bromley_ was a case where the appellant, “M”,
was a care worker employed by a local health authority. A complaint was made
that M had sexually assaulted some residents at a centre for children with
learning disabilities. The complaint was investigated and the local authority
accepted the investigator’s report which concluded that M had sexually
assaulted the victims. M’s name was then placed by the Secretary of State on a
list of individuals considered unsuitable to work with children and M sought
judicial review of this.

32 The English Court of Appeal upheld the decision at first instance which
disallowed the application for judicial review. However, certain aspects of
the decision bear close analysis because they distinguish that case from the
one before me now. In particular:

(a) In _Bromley_ , the quashing of the local authority’s decision on
procedural grounds would have prevented a decision on the merits being reached
by a tribunal to whom the applicant could have brought an appeal;

(b) That expert tribunal was far better placed than a court to decide on the
issues of substance.

See _per_ Judge LJ at [43]–[45] and _per_ Burton LJ at [26].

33 Mr Yim submitted that in the present context, the applicant would have the
opportunity in show cause proceedings, before the court of three judges to
make good his contention that the DC had made an error of law in applying the
wrong standard of proof. Accordingly, he submitted, an alternative remedy was
available.

34 I do not think it is correct to view the court of three judges as an
alternative remedy to the seeking of judicial review. The point has previously
been considered by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in _Re Singh Kalpanath_
[1992] 2 SLR 639. In that case, Chan J noted that show cause proceedings
before a court of three judges were different from judicial review proceedings
“both with respect to the law as well as the procedure”: see at 650, [27]. He
noted in particular that in show cause proceedings the court of three judges
could go into the merits of the findings and determinations of the DC on the
basis of the evidence led. However in judicial review proceedings, the court
is concerned not with the merits of the decision but rather with its legality
on administrative law grounds.

35 In my judgment, the foregoing analysis of the difference between these two
types of proceedings remains valid and is in no way displaced by _Bromley._ In
fairness to Mr Yim, it must be said that he measured his submissions carefully
and was content to leave this on the basis that the availability of show cause
proceedings was a factor to be considered by the court in deciding whether to
exercise its supervisory jurisdiction.

36 I turn to Mr Yim’s second preliminary argument. He did not take issue with
the proposition that the relevant standard of proof was to a degree beyond
reasonable doubt – see _Wong Kok Chin v Singapore Society of Accountants_
[1989] SLR 1129 (“ _Wong Kok Chin_ ”) at 1140–1141, [19] as well as _Law
Society of Singapore v Yahya Syed_ [1997] SGDSC 4 at [8]–[11] and the cases
cited there, in particular _Re an Advocate and Solicitor_ [1978–1979] SLR 240.
However, Mr Yim submitted that nowhere on the face of the report of the DC was
it apparent that it had applied any other standard of proof. He accepted that
if the DC had expressly stated that it had considered the evidence on a
balance of probabilities, that might have amounted to an error of law on the
face of the decision and might have attracted the intervention of the court at
this stage. While it was true that the DC had applied a variety of phrases in
evaluating the evidence, including “highly likely”, “not fully convinced”,
“inclined to believe” among others, Mr Yim submitted that I would have to
actually examine the evidence and consider the merits in order to assess
whether the DC had indeed applied the wrong standard of proof. That, he
argued, was not a permissible venture in an application for judicial review.

37 In my judgment, Mr Yim has overstated the principle although I accept the
conclusion he urges upon me on this point. I think it is helpful to begin with
the decision of F A Chua J in _Leong Kum Fatt v AG_ [1984–1985] SLR 367. That
was a case arising out of the dismissal of a police officer for misconduct.
The police officer brought judicial review proceedings to challenge his
dismissal.

38 Chua J considered the decision of the House of Lords in _Anisminic Ltd v
Foreign Compensation Commission_ [1969] 2 AC 147 and of Kulasekaram J in _Wong
Kim Sang v AG_ [1982–1983] SLR 219 before articulating the following principle
at 372, [13]:

The scope of judicial review is limited only to review of the decision-making
process, that is the hearing, and not the decision itself. _So long as the
Board directs itself to the right inquiry and asks the right questions within
its permitted area and not outside that area and acts according to natural
justice the court would not intervene_. The court is concerned only with the
hearing not the conduct of the investigations, the findings of the Board or
the reasons given by the Board for its findings. [emphasis added]

39 It is apparent from this extract that the first question for the
supervising court is whether the tribunal in question has directed itself to
the right inquiry. The inquiry before the DC was whether on the evidence
presented the charges against the applicant had been made out beyond a
reasonable doubt. If the DC had directed itself to that question and concluded
that the charges had been made out then it would be outside the purview of a
supervising court to sift through the evidence and evaluate whether or not the
DC was correct to arrive at that conclusion. That would clearly be a case of
the supervising court straying beyond its proper remit and venturing
improperly into the merits: see for example _Mohan Singh v AG_ [1987] SLR 398
at 405–406, [30]–[34] and cases cited there in particular _Mak Sik Kwong v
Minister of Home Affairs, Malaysia_ _(No 2)_ [1975] 2 MLJ 175; see also _Haron
Bin Mundir_ at 59–60,[58].

40 However, the question before me is whether the DC in the present case
directed itself to the right inquiry. In my view, that is a matter falling
within the ambit of the supervising court’s jurisdiction. However, in the
present case, I do not think that helps the applicant. There is of course much
to commend any tribunal expressing itself clearly especially in relation to
such a vital issue as the standard of proof it has applied. Unfortunately the
DC in this case has not done that. The report does manifest some laxity in
expression but that without more is insufficient to enable me to reach a
conclusion that the DC has in fact directed itself to the wrong inquiry. I
would therefore decline to intervene on this ground.

**Apparent bias**

41 I return to the main ground on which the decision was challenged, namely
apparent bias. Although the first and second arguments I have listed above at
[28] are closely related, nonetheless I deal with each separately because they
raise distinct issues.

42 There was no dispute that the DC was bound to observe the rules of natural
justice. The courts have developed numerous principles that govern the
application of these rules but at their irreducible core it comes down to two
essential requirements:

(a) every party to a dispute shall be entitled to a fair hearing; and

(b) the tribunal tasked with determining the dispute shall be disinterested
and independent.

43 One of the specific applications of the second of these rules is the
requirement that the decision be reached without the taint of any bias on the
part of the tribunal. Such bias may be actual bias. Much more frequently, it
is apparent bias, and Mr Yim accepted as settled law the proposition that a
decision of a tribunal may be quashed by a supervising court if it is tainted
by apparent bias.

44 What then is the meaning of apparent bias and how is a court to determine
if it has been made out? The jurisprudence throws up a number of formulations
of the appropriate test of which the two most common are a “reasonable
suspicion of bias” and a “real likelihood of bias”.

**Are the tests really different?**

45 In _Tang Kin Hwa v Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board_ [2005]
4 SLR 604 (“ _Tang Kin Hwa_ ”), Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was)
examined the authorities from several jurisdictions with characteristic
thoroughness and attention to their underlying rationale and concluded as
follows at [39]:

The key question is whether or not there was a perception on the part of a
reasonable person that there would be a real likelihood of bias … At this
point, there appears to me to be no difference in substance between the
“reasonable suspicion of bias” and “real likelihood of bias” tests … one must
also guard against gratuitous semantic confusion. What matters, in the final
analysis, is a practical approach that takes into account not only the
possible meanings of the word and phrases in question but also the context in
which they appear.

46 The learned judge was careful to note that this was a tentative view and
invited clarification from the Court of Appeal on an appropriate occasion: see
_Tang Kin Hwa_ at [45].

47 At one level, this seems an eminently sensible and practical approach.
However, the observance of the rules of natural justice are at the very core
of our system of justice and in my view, it bears reconsideration as to
whether or not there is an appreciable distinction between the various
formulations of the appropriate test.

48 I begin by noting that the imaginary scales of justice which symbolise the
judicial process can connote a quantitive element. Such a perception would be
misplaced. The judge evaluating the evidence in a given case arrives at an
impression of the quality of the case that has been presented and a variety of
expressions have emerged to capture the range of these impressions. At one end
of the spectrum, one speaks in terms of a doubt which suggests a state of
uncertainty. The term is best seen in the context of the expression “beyond
reasonable doubt” which has been the subject of detailed explication by V K
Rajah J in _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 (“ _Jagatheesan_
”) at [46]–[61]. In essence, that expression requires not that the case be
proved to a degree beyond all conceivable doubts but that it be proved to a
degree that excludes doubts “for which there is a reason that is, in turn,
relatable to and supported by the evidence presented”: see _Jagatheesan_ at
[61].

49 Next to “doubt”, there is “suspicion” which suggests a belief that
something might be possible without yet being able to prove it. The addition
of the adjective “reasonable” suggests that the belief cannot be fanciful and
perhaps as suggested by Rajah J in _Jagatheesan_ , that the reasons for the
suspicion be capable of articulation by reference to the evidence presented.
It might be noted that an inquiry into whether one may entertain a “reasonable
suspicion” is directed in the first instance at the person harbouring the
suspicion albeit with consideration to the circumstances of the person who is
allegedly acting suspiciously. I mean this in the sense that the issue is
whether it is reasonable for the former to harbour the suspicions in the
circumstances even if by virtue of some fact or explanation, the suspicious
behaviour of the latter is in fact entirely innocent.

50 Then there is “likelihood” which points towards a state of being likely or
probable or, for that matter, possible. Again, the addition of the adjective
“real” suggests that this must be substantial rather than imagined. The focus
of this inquiry is directed more to the actor than to the observer. The issue
is the degree to which a particular event is or is not likely or possible.

51 Finally, there is the expression “proof on a balance of probabilities”.
This connotes a degree of satisfaction upon the evidence that a particular
fact is more likely so than not (or the converse).

52 I think there is some value in considering the relevant standards in this
light. I turn then to the decision of the House of Lords in _Regina v Gough_
[1993] AC 646 (“ _Gough_ ”). That was a case where the appellant had been
convicted on a single count of conspiracy to commit robbery. His brother was
the alleged co-conspirator but he had been discharged on the application of
the prosecution. After the appellant had been convicted and sentenced, the
brother started shouting to the court and one of the jurors then recognised
him as a neighbour. The appellant appealed contending that the presence of the
brother’s neighbour on the jury was a serious irregularity. The appeal was
dismissed. In arriving at his conclusion, Lord Goff of Chieveley who delivered
the leading judgment of the House had this to say at 670:

Furthermore, I think it unnecessary, in formulating the appropriate test, to
require that the court should look at the matter through the eyes of a
reasonable man, because the court in cases such as these personifies the
reasonable man; and in any event the court has first to ascertain the relevant
circumstances from the available evidence, knowledge of which would not
necessarily be available to an observer in court at the relevant time.
_Finally, for the avoidance of doubt, I prefer to state the test in terms of
real danger than real likelihood, to ensure that the court is thinking in
terms of possibility rather than probability of bias_. Accordingly, having
ascertained the relevant circumstances, the court should ask itself whether,
having regard to those circumstances, there was a real danger of bias on the
part of the relevant member of the tribunal in question, in the sense that he
might unfairly regard (or have unfairly regarded) with favour, or disfavour,
the case of a party to the issue under consideration by him …

It follows from what I have said that the Court of Appeal applied the correct
test in the present case. _On that test, it was accepted by Mr. Hytner that
there was no ground for disturbing the jury’s verdict_. I would therefore
dismiss the appeal.

[emphasis added]

53 _Gough_ is not the law in Singapore, as I shall shortly illustrate, but the
passage I have referred to is useful in highlighting certain points:

(a) The key issue in that case was which of the two principal tests were to be
preferred. The appellant contended it should be the “reasonable suspicion”
test. The House of Lords held that the correct test was the “real likelihood”
test with the explanation that the focus should be on the question of
possibility rather than of probability;

(b) The appeal failed because of the test applied by the House of Lords. In
short the choice of the test had a dispositive effect on the outcome of the
case.

54 In arriving at this conclusion, Lord Goff considered a line of cases which
had applied the “reasonable suspicion” test beginning with the celebrated
_dictum_ of Lord Hewart CJ in _The King v Sussex Justices, Ex parte McCarthy_
[1924] 1 KB 256 (“ _Sussex Justices_ ”) where he said at 259:

[A] long line of cases shows that it is not merely of some importance but is
of fundamental importance that justice should not only be done, but should
manifestly and undoubtedly be seen to be done … Nothing is to be done which
creates even a suspicion that there has been an improper interference with the
course of justice.

55 Lord Goff’s conclusion was that this hallowed principle would be quite
adequately served by a test that directed the inquiry at whether there was a
_real_ _possibility_ of bias. He noted as follows in _Gough_ at 668:

Furthermore the test so stated gives sufficient effect, in cases of apparent
bias, to the principle that justice must manifestly be seen to be done, and it
is unnecessary, in my opinion, to have recourse to a test based on mere
suspicion, or even reasonable suspicion, for that purpose.

56 It seems to me therefore that it may be over simplifying matters somewhat
to conclude that the tests are for all practical purposes identical. It is
true that in very many cases, there may be no difference to the outcome of the
case which test one applies, but that merely means that in those cases, the
degree of evidence in fact presented leaves a sufficient impression that
whichever test was applied the result would have been the same. It does not
follow just from this, that there is no difference between the tests.

57 In _Tang Kin Hwa_ (at [45] above), Phang JC made the following points in
analysing whether there was a conceptual difference between the two tests:

(a) Both tests are premised on an objective basis (at [36]).

(b) On one view at least, the difference between the two tests was between a
reasonable suspicion of bias and the appearance of a likelihood of bias and
seen thus, there was little of substance between the two tests (at [37]).

(c) If “likelihood” is seen in terms of “possibility” rather than
“probability” a point already made by Lord Goff in _Gough_ , then there is no
difference of substance between the two formulations (at [39]).

(d) In so far as it has been suggested that the inquiry is to be undertaken
from the perspective of the public rather than of the courts, it is not
desirable to maintain a sharp distinction between the two. The court indeed
personifies the reasonable man and the court should approach the matter with
broad common sense without relying on special knowledge or details of court
procedure [at [40]–[41]).

58 In assessing these points, I think it is well first to recall the basis
upon which the principle rests that a decision may be attacked for apparent as
opposed to actual bias. As noted by Lord Goff in _Gough_ , bias is an
insidious thing so that a person may well believe with all sincerity and good
faith that he is acting impartially and yet his mind may unconsciously be
affected by bias: see _Gough_ at 659 citing Devlin LJ in _Regina v Barnsley
Licensing Justices, Ex parte Barnsley and District Licensed Victuallers’
Association_ [1960] 2 QB 167 (“ _Barnsley_ ”).

59 This coupled with the public interest in ensuring that justice is
administered in a manner that is beyond reproach and that it is manifestly
seen to be so, gives rise to a need to consider each case with two separate
and distinct interests in mind:

(a) the direct interests of the parties to the dispute in securing a process
that in fact accords with their legitimate expectations; and

(b) the overriding public interest that no issue can be raised with respect
even to the way in which justice _appears_ to have been administered.

60 This gives rise to a significant point. It is helpful here to refer to what
was said by Lord Denning MR in _Metropolitan Properties Co (FGC) Ltd v Lannon_
[1969] 1 QB 577 at 599:

In _Reg. v Barnsley Licensing Justices, Ex parte Barnsley and District
Licensed Victuallers’ Association_ , Devlin J. appears to have limited that
principle considerably, but I would stand by it. It brings home this point: in
considering whether there was a real likelihood of bias, the court does not
look at the mind of the justice himself or at the mind of the chairman of the
tribunal, or whoever it may be, who sits in a judicial capacity. It does not
look to see if there was a real likelihood that he would, or did, in fact
favour one side at the expense of the other. The court looks at the impression
which would be given to other people. Even if he was as impartial as could be,
nevertheless if right-minded persons would think that, in the circumstances,
there was a real likelihood of bias on his part, then he should not sit …
There must be circumstances from which a reasonable man would think it likely
or probable that the justice, or chairman, as the case may be, would, or did,
favour one side unfairly at the expense of the other. The court will not
inquire whether he did, in fact, favour one side unfairly. _Suffice it that
reasonable people might think he did. The reason is plain enough. Justice must
be rooted in confidence: and confidence is destroyed when right-minded people
go away thinking: “The judge was biased.”_

[emphasis added]

61 Although Lord Denning was speaking in terms of a “real likelihood of bias”
the passage does serve to highlight the fact that the inquiry should not be
limited to whether the court thinks that there was in fact a sufficient
possibility that the tribunal was biased but rather should be directed at
whether a reasonable man might think it so. Lord Goff in _Gough_ thought this
was a distinction without a difference because the court personifies the
reasonable man (see _Gough_ at 667–668), a view shared by Phang JC in _Tang
Kin Hwa_. However, in my view Lord Goff glossed over what appears to me to be
a point of some importance when he expressed his conclusion as follows at 668:

In my opinion, if, in the circumstances of the case (as ascertained by the
court), it appears that there was a real likelihood, in the sense of a real
possibility, of bias … justice requires that the decision should not be
allowed to stand.

62 What is significant in this is that the inquiry has been shifted from one
directed at how it might all appear to a reasonable man to whether the judge
thinks there is in fact a sufficient possibility of bias. This in my view is a
very significant point of departure and it is well summarised in the following
short extract from the judgment of Simon Brown LJ in _R v Inner West London
Coroner, ex parte Dallaglio_ [1994] 4 All ER 139 (“ _Dallaglio_ ”) at 152:

It will be seen, therefore, that by the time the legal challenge comes to be
resolved, the court is no longer concerned strictly with the appearance of
bias but rather with establishing the possibility that there was actual
although unconscious bias.

…

It is not necessary for the applicants to demonstrate a real possibility that
the coroner’s decision would have been different but for bias; what must be
established is the real danger of bias having affected the decision in the
sense of having caused the decision-maker, albeit unconsciously, to weigh the
competing contentions, and so decided the merits, unfairly.

63 The High Court of Australia in _Johnson v Johnson_ (2000) 201 CLR 488 took
a different view from Lord Goff on this issue. The judgment of Kirby J
articulates the point with customary eloquence at 506–508 as follows:

Nevertheless, the interposition of the fictitious bystander and the adoption
of a criterion of disqualification expressed in terms of possibilities rather
than “high probability” are both intended to serve an important social
interest which must be restated in disposing of this appeal. Each of these
considerations lays emphasis on the need to consider the complaint made
ultimately, not by what adjudicators and lawyers know, but by how matters
might reasonably appear to the parties and to the public ... It is also why it
would be a mistake for a court simply to impute all that was eventually known
to the court to an imaginary reasonable person because to do so would be only
to hold up a mirror to itself.

…

As is usually the case when a fiction is adopted, the law endeavours to avoid
precision … Obviously, all that is involved in these formulae is a reminder to
the adjudicator that, in deciding whether there is an apprehension of bias, it
is necessary to consider the impression which the same facts might reasonably
have upon the parties and the public. It is their confidence that must be won
and maintained. The public includes groups of people who are sensitive to the
possibility of judicial bias.

64 The point simply is this: there is a vital public interest in subjecting
the decisions of those engaged in any aspect of judicial or quasi-judicial
work to the most exacting scrutiny in order to ensure that their decisions are
not only beyond reproach in fact and indeed from the perspective of a lawyer
or a judge but also beyond reproach from the perspective of a reasonable
member of the public. The inquiry should be directed from that perspective at
whether the events complained of provide a reasonable basis for such a person
apprehending that the tribunal might have been biased.

65 In my view this is the key to understanding the difference between the two
tests and this was canvassed in _Webb v The Queen_ (1993–1994) 181 CLR 41 (“
_Webb_ ”) which also was a decision of the High Court of Australia. It is
helpful here to make reference to some passages from that decision. Mason CJ
and McHugh J noted as follows at 50–51:

In considering the merits of the test to be applied in a case where a juror is
alleged to be biased, it is important to keep in mind that the appearance as
well as the fact of impartiality is necessary to retain confidence in the
administration of justice. Both the parties to the case and the general public
must be satisfied that justice has not only been done but that it has been
seen to be done. Of the various tests used to determine an allegation of bias,
the reasonable apprehension test of bias is by far the most appropriate for
protecting the appearance of impartiality. The test of “reasonable likelihood”
or “real danger” of bias tends to emphasize the court’s view of the facts. In
that context, the trial judge’s acceptance of explanations becomes of primary
importance. Those two tests tend to place inadequate emphasis on the public
perception of the irregular incident.

66 This passage highlights the problem of comparing the perspective of the
public with that of the reviewing court. The emphasis of the “real likelihood”
or “real danger” test is that it directs the inquiry at whether the court
thinks there is a real likelihood, or in Lord Goff’s preferred terms, a real
possibility or danger or risk that the tribunal is biased. This is borne out
by the fact that Lord Goff himself explicitly stated in _Gough_ that he viewed
the essence of the inquiry in a case of apparent bias as follows at 661:

But it is not necessary that actual bias should be proved; and in practice the
inquiry is directed to the question of _whether there was such a degree of
possibility of bias on the part of the tribunal_ that the court will not allow
the decision to stand [see also at 659–660]. [emphasis added]

67 There is no doubt that Lord Goff himself saw the two tests as different
because of this. Thus at 665, he quoted the following passage from the
decision of Devlin LJ in _Barnsley_ :

‘Real likelihood’ depends on the impression which the court gets from the
circumstances in which the justices were sitting. Do they give rise to a real
likelihood that the justices might be biased? The court might come to the
conclusion that there was such a likelihood, without impugning the affidavit
of a justice that he was not in fact biased. Bias is or may be an unconscious
thing and a man may honestly say that he was not actually biased and did not
allow his interest to affect his mind, although, nevertheless, he may have
allowed it unconsciously to do so. The matter must be determined upon the
probabilities to be inferred from the circumstances in which the justices sit.

68 He followed this immediately with the following comment:

It is plain from this passage that Devlin L.J. was concerned to get away from
any test founded simply upon suspicion – “the sort of impression that might
reasonably get abroad” – and to focus upon the actual circumstances of the
case in order to decide whether there was in those circumstances a real
likelihood of bias. His question – do the circumstances give rise to a real,
likelihood that the justices might be biased? – suggests that he was thinking
of a likelihood as meaning not probability, but possibility; the noun
probability is not aptly qualified by the adjective “real,” and the verb
“might” connotes possibility rather than probability. Such a reading makes the
real likelihood test very similar to a test requiring a real danger of bias.
[emphasis added]

69 Even with the rider that “likelihood” is to be equated with “possibility”
there is a significant difference between the court inquiring whether on the
one hand it thinks there is a sufficient (real) possibility that the tribunal
was biased on the one hand, and on the other, whether a lay person might
reasonably entertain such an apprehension, even if the court was satisfied
that there was in fact no such danger.

70 This point comes out most clearly in the portion of Lord Goff’s judgment
where he sought to deal with the hallowed case of _Sussex Justices_. The facts
and the holding in _Sussex Justices_ presented a real obstacle in the way of
adopting a test for apparent bias that was founded on a sufficient degree of
possibility of bias rather than on the mere suspicion of it. In _Sussex
Justices_ the essential facts were that the acting clerk to the magistrates
was a member of the firm of solicitors representing a party that had an
interest in the outcome of the litigation. At the conclusion of the evidence
the magistrates retired to consider their decision and the clerk accompanied
them so as to be available should they desire to be advised on any point of
law. As it transpired, the magistrates arrived at their decision without
consulting the clerk at all. On the facts stated, there was no danger or risk
at all of the decision in fact having been tainted by bias because the clerk
had not in fact been involved in the deliberations. But the decision of the
magistrates was set aside because of the importance of ensuring that justice
must not only be done but also be seen to be done (see at [54] above). Faced
with this, Lord Goff dealt with this authority by comparing it with the
decision in _Regina v Camborne Justices, Ex parte Pearce_ [1955] 1 QB 41 where
the opposite conclusion was reached and in effect treated _Sussex Justices_ as
being confined to its facts, noting as follows at 664:

In the _Sussex Justices_ case it must have been plain that there was a real
likelihood of bias on the part of the acting magistrates’ clerk; and the court
went on to hold that, despite the fact that there had been no discussion about
the case between the magistrates and the clerk, nevertheless the decision of
the magistrates must be quashed, because nothing may be done which creates
even a suspicion that there has been a wrongful interference with the course
of justice. It appears that this decision was later used to suggest that a
mere suspicion of bias on the part of a person involved in the process of
adjudication is enough to require that the decision should be quashed. That
approach was rejected in the _Camborne Justices_ case, in which it was held
that, since there was no real likelihood of bias on the part of the justices’
clerk, there was no ground for quashing the justices’ decision. _The cases can
therefore be distinguished on the facts._ [emphasis added]

71 I don’t find that at all convincing. In my view _Gough_ cannot be
reconciled with _Sussex Justices_ and I can do no better here than to refer to
what was said by Sir Thomas Bingham MR (as he then was) in _Dallaglio_ (see
[62] above) at 162 on the effect of _Gough_ upon the continuing vitality of
Lord Hewart’s _dictum_ in the _Sussex Justices_ case:

The third class comprises cases in which there is no actual bias and no direct
pecuniary interest giving rise to a presumption of bias. It was the bounds of
this third class which were in issue in _Gough_. The House of Lords was there
called upon to choose between two tests for inclusion in this class, both of
the rival tests finding support in authority. One test was whether a
reasonable and fair-minded person sitting in the court and knowing all the
relevant facts would have had a reasonable suspicion that a fair trial was not
possible because of bias on the part of the decision-maker. The second was
whether there was a real likelihood, or danger, of bias. The House of Lords
unanimously upheld the second of these tests, expressed in terms of real
danger, to make clear that it is possibilities, not probabilities, which
matter. _This decision shows, as it seems to me, that the description
‘apparent bias’ traditionally given to this head of bias is not entirely apt,
for if despite the appearance of bias the court is able to examine all the
relevant material and satisfy itself that there was no danger of the alleged
bias having in fact caused injustice, the impugned decision will be allowed to
stand. The famous aphorism of Lord Hewart CJ in R v Sussex Justices, ex p
McCarthy that ‘justice … should manifestly and undoubtedly be seen to be done’
is no longer, it seems, good law,_ save of course in the case where the
appearance of bias is such as to show a real danger of bias. [emphasis added]

72 In any case, leaving that to one side, the facts in _Sussex Justices_ do
serve to highlight the real difference that does exist between the two tests
for bias. The case rests upon the application of a principle that safeguards
not only the _fact_ but also the _appearance_ of justice being done; it is
simply not relevant when applying such a principle to consider the degree of
the risk or possibility of the tribunal in fact being biased. In this light, I
return to the decision of _Webb_ , this time to draw from the judgment of
Deane J at 70–71 where speaking of _Gough_ he stated as follows:

The House of Lords test differs from that accepted in recent cases in this
Court as regards both its substance and its reference point. The substance of
the House of Lords test is “a real danger of bias”. The substance of this
Court’s test is “a reasonable apprehension of bias”. The reference point of
the House of Lords test is the appellate court itself or, where the question
arises at first instance, the trial judge. The reference point of this Court’s
test is the fair-minded informed lay observer.

…

**_The adoption of a “real likelihood” or “real danger” test, with the
appellate court (or the trial judge) itself as the reference point, would, in
my view, go a long way towards substituting, for the doctrine of
disqualification by reason of an appearance of bias, a doctrine of
disqualification for actual bias modified by the adoption of a new standard of
proof (i.e. a real likelihood or possibility rather than probability in the
sense of more likely than not)._** It is true that, as Lord Goff made clear in
_Reg. v. Gough_ , the inquiry which is involved in the application of the real
danger test is not directed to an exploration of the actual state of mind of
the particular judge or juror. It is directed to the court’s assessment of the
possibilities in the context of the objective facts disclosed by the material
in evidence. Nonetheless, the ultimate question which a court is required to
address in an application of that test is whether there _was_ a real danger,
in the sense of possibility, of actual bias. The adoption of a test requiring
the determination of that ultimate question for the resolution of cases
involving no more than an allegation of an appearance of bias would, in my
view, be undesirable

[emphasis in bold italics added]

73 In my view, this is a correct and admirably lucid articulation of the
differences between the tests and of their significance.

74 I would therefore, with some reluctance, differ from the view taken by
Phang JC in _Tang Kin Hwa_ that there is no practical difference between the
two tests. In my judgment, there are indeed some important differences between
them the most important of which are the reference point of the inquiry or the
perspective or view point from which it is undertaken, namely whether it is
from the view point of the court or that of a reasonable member of the public;
and the substance of the inquiry, namely, whether it is concerned with the
degree of possibility that there was bias even if it was unconscious, or
whether it is concerned with how it appears to the relevant observer and
whether that observer could reasonably entertain a suspicion or apprehension
of bias even if the court was satisfied that there was no possibility of bias
in fact. These two aspects are closely related and go towards addressing
different concerns. The “real danger” or “real likelihood” test is met as long
as a court is satisfied that there is a sufficient degree of possibility of
bias. As noted by Deane J in _Webb_ this is plainly a lower standard of proof
than that on a balance of probabilities. But that lower test is in truth
directed at mitigating the sheer difficulty of proving actual bias especially
given its insidious and often subconscious nature.

75 The “reasonable suspicion” test however is met if the court is satisfied
that a reasonable number of the public could harbour a reasonable suspicion of
bias even though the court itself thought there was no real danger of this on
the facts. The driver behind this test is the strong public interest in
ensuring public confidence in the administration of justice.

**Which test applies in Singapore?**

76 This is a much more straightforward inquiry. It is settled law in Singapore
having regard to several prouncements of the Court of Appeal that the
“reasonable suspicion” test is the law in Singapore. Thus in _Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 2 SLR 310, the Court of Appeal held as
follows at 338, [80]–[83]:

80 Before us, Mr Gray addressed the same arguments and submitted that Lai Kew
Chai J should have disqualified himself. He relied on _R v Liverpool City
Justices, ex p Topping_ [1983] 1 All ER 490, at p 494, where Ackner LJ said:

In our view, therefore, the correct test to apply is whether there is the
appearance of bias, rather than whether there is actual bias.

In the past there has also been a conflict of view as to the way in which that
test should be applied. Must there appear to be a real likelihood of bias? Or
is it enough if there appears to be a reasonable suspicion of bias? ….

We conclude that the test to be applied can conveniently be expressed by
slightly adapting the words of Lord Widgery CJ in a test which he laid down in
_R v Uxbridge Justices, ex p Burbridge_ (1972) _Times,_ 21 June and referred
to by him in _R v Mclean, ex p Aikens_ (1974) 139 JP 261 at 266: would a
reasonable and fair-minded person sitting in court and knowing all the
relevant facts have a reasonable suspicion that a fair trial for the applicant
was not possible.

81 This test was approved in the subsequent case of _R v Weston-super-Mare
Justices, ex p Shaw_ [1987] 1 All ER 255.

82 Mr Eady did not challenge these authorities; he accepted that they laid
down the correct test. But he submitted that the learned judge applied that
test and was entitled to conclude on that basis that no reasonable or right-
thinking person would consider the learned judge to be biased.

83 We respectfully accept the objective test as laid down in these cases and
now turn to consider whether, on the grounds as contended by Mr Gray, a
reasonable and right-thinking person sitting in court and knowing the relevant
facts would have any reasonable suspicion that a fair trial for the appellant
was not possible.

77 The Court of Appeal followed the decision of the Divisional Court in
England in _Regina v Liverpool City Justices, Ex parte Topping_ [1983] 1 WLR
119. However, that decision of the Court of Appeal came before _Gough_ and the
same court had the occasion to reconsider the position in _Tang Liang Hong v
Lee Kuan Yew_ [1998] 1 SLR 97. There, the court said as follows at [46]:

There is really no dispute on the law which is well settled. A judge may be
disqualified from hearing or determining a case or matter by reason of actual
bias or apparent bias: see 8 _Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ , 1996, para
125-290 at 236,159. We are concerned with only apparent bias. The test to be
applied in determining whether there is any apparent bias on the part of the
tribunal hearing the case or matter in question has been settled by this court
in _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1992] 2 SLR 310 at p 338, and
it is this: would a reasonable and fair-minded person sitting in court and
knowing all the relevant facts have a reasonable suspicion that a fair trial
for the litigant concerned is not possible.

78 The court did then go on at [47] to refer to the position after _Gough_ but
found at [48] there was no material difference on the facts of the case
whichever test was applied. However, the fact remains that even post-_Gough_
the applicable test was seen as the “reasonable suspicion” test. I would note
in passing that the same test has also been applied by the High Court in
_Turner (East Asia) Pte Ltd v Builders Federal (Hong Kong) Ltd_ _(No 2)_
[1988] SLR 532, _De Souza Lionel Jerome v AG_ [1993] 1 SLR 882 and in _Re
Singh Kalpanath_ (see [34] above). In the latter decision, Chan Sek Keong J in
fact emphasised that the concern was not whether there is in fact a real
likelihood or possibility of bias, but simply whether a reasonable man without
any inside knowledge might conclude that there was an appearance of it: see
_Re Singh Kalpanath_ at 666, [82].

79 Chan J however suggested a further refinement in the application of the
relevant test, namely that it should take due regard of the context in which
it is being applied. He noted as follows at 666–667, [84]–[86]:

84 … In _Steeples v Derbyshire County Council_ , the court suggested that the
‘real likelihood’ test should be applied to administrative decisions and the
‘reasonable suspicion’ test to judicial decisions. This suggestion implicitly
recognizes that a higher standard of conduct is required of judges …

85 The editor of _Halsbury’s Law of England_ also express the view that the
stringency with which the principle is applied may also depend on the
importance of the right at stake or the decision to be taken: see 1(1)
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Ed) at para 86.

86 The test of bias should be referable to the contents of the rule. Context
is all important. In judicial proceedings, the rule is most demanding. A judge
is expected to maintain the highest standard of conduct in the exercise of his
functions. He must bring an open and impartial mind to the determination of
the dispute before him and must not act in any way which compromises the
integrity of the judicial process. The standard required of the chairman of
the disciplinary committee under the Legal Profession Act is just as high, and
is commensurate with the standing of that office, having regard to the
statutory qualifications for holding that office and the powers of the
committee. Further, the committee is vested with powers to make findings and
determinations which may affect the reputation or livelihood of an advocate
and solicitor.

80 It is not necessary for present purposes for me to express a concluded view
on whether a different standard should apply to administrative as opposed to
judicial decisions though I do think there is much to commend this. I would
also note that the same view seems to have been expressed by the High Court of
Australia in _Hot Holdings Pty Ltd v Creasy_ [2002] HCA 51 at [70]. In any
event, it is plainly correct that the highest standards must be applied in the
context of judicial proceedings.

81 Having noted that “the reasonable suspicion” test is the law in this
country, I would also make the point that in my view, it is so for very good
reasons. This has been encapsulated succinctly in the passage from the
judgment of Chan J in _Re Singh Kalpanath_ which I have just referred to. I
would also draw, once again, from the decision of the High Court of Australia
in _Webb._ Deane J in coming to the view that “the reasonable suspicion” test
should be retained post-_Gough_ made the following key points at 70–72:

(a) The position had been considered and established by the High Court of
Australia in _The Queen v Watson; Ex parte Armstrong_ (1976) 136 CLR 248 and
had subsequently been applied in a number of cases.

(b) The adoption of the “real likelihood” or “real danger” test would go
towards substituting for a doctrine of disqualification by reason of an
appearance of bias, disqualification for actual bias albeit modified by
_Gough_ in the adoption of a lower standard of proof founded on a sufficient
degree of possibility (see the passage I have quoted at [72] above).

(c) The test of reasonable apprehension (or suspicion) on the part of a fair-
minded observer makes it clear that the court is making no adverse finding on
the question whether it is possible or likely that the tribunal in question
was affected by bias.

(d) The real likelihood test could well have the effect of creating public
disquiet in the administration of justice which was the very end designed to
be avoided by the formulation of a test founded on appearance.

(e) The knowledge of the adverse consequences of “the real likelihood” test
upon the particular tribunal and of the administration of justice as a whole
as noted in (c) and (d) could well cause a reviewing court to pay insufficient
attention to the rationale of the doctrine of disqualification by reason of an
appearance of bias, namely, that justice must undoubtedly be seen by members
of the public to be done.

82 In my judgment, these reasons individually and collectively offer a
compelling case for the retention of “the reasonable suspicion” test with the
substitution of the decision of our Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee
Kuan Yew_ for _The Queen v Watson, Ex parte Armstrong_ at [81](a) above.

83 I would add two further observations. In my view, in relation to the point
noted at [81](e) above, this is also an argument for avoiding the conclusion
that the two tests are in substance the same. As I have already stated, I do
not consider that they are. By adopting the correct (and in my view
preferable) test the reviewing court will maintain its focus on the real
mischief and inquiry: whether on the facts presented a fair-minded member of
the public could reasonably entertain a suspicion or apprehension of bias
regardless of whether the court thought it likely or possible or not.

84 Secondly, there is an inherent difficulty with the real likelihood test in
that it is utterly imprecise. The court is not looking for proof of bias on a
balance of probabilities. What then is the court looking for? A sufficient
degree of possibility or bias is how Lord Goff put it in _Gough_. But that
becomes inherently, indeed impossibly, subjective. The “reasonable suspicion”
test in my view avoids this because it directs the mind not towards the degree
of possibility of bias which the court thinks there may be; but toward the
suspicions or apprehensions the court thinks a fair-minded member of the
public could reasonably entertain on the facts presented.

85 Before leaving this issue, I would also observe that the trend in the
jurisprudence of a number of countries appears to be in harmony with this
view. In _Johnson v Johnson_ (at [63] above), Kirby J reviewed the authorities
and made the following observation at 500 as one among a number of reasons for
keeping with the “reasonable suspicion” test:

[I]n so far as one looks outside Australia, to South Africa, to some
expositions of the law in Canada, and to the principles applied in the United
States of America, all appear harmonious with that accepted by this Court.
Although the New Zealand Court of Appeal has preferred to follow English
authority, this was only because that Court was convinced that the outcome
would have been the same if either test had been applied.

86 The authorities from the various jurisdictions mentioned are cited in the
judgment of Kirby J. What is of interest is that even in the United Kingdom,
there appears to be at least hints of a possible retreat from _Gough_.

87 In _Bradford v McLeod_ [1986] SLT 244, the Lord Justice-Clerk Ross sitting
in the High Court of Justiciary in Scotland noted as follows at 247:

What the sheriff failed to note, however, when the motion was made that he
should decline jurisdiction, was that the interests of justice required not
merely that he should not display bias but that the circumstances should not
be such as to create in the mind of a reasonable man a suspicion of the
sheriff’s impartiality.

88 In _Regina v Bow Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrates, Ex parte
Pinochet Ugarte (No 2)_ [2000] 1 AC 119, Lord Browne-Wilkinson declined to
address the continuing applicability of _Gough_ but he did state as follows:

For the same reason, it is unnecessary to determine whether the test of
apparent bias laid down in _Reg. v. Gough_ (“is there in the view of the court
a real danger that the judge was biased?”) needs to be reviewed in the light
of subsequent decisions. Decisions in Canada, Australia and New Zealand have
either refused to apply the test in _Reg. v. Gough_ , or modified it so as to
make the relevant test the question whether the events in question give rise
to a reasonable apprehension or suspicion on the part of a fair minded and
informed member of the public that the judge was not impartial: see, for
example, the High Court of Australia in _Webb v. The Queen_. It has also been
suggested that the test in _Reg. v. Gough_ in some way impinges on the
requirement of Lord Hewart’s dictum that justice should appear to be done: see
_Reg. v. Inner West London Coroner, Ex Parte Dallaglio_ [1994] 4 All ER 139,
152A-B. Since such a review is unnecessary for the determination of the
present case, I prefer to express no view on it.

89 It is interesting to note that Kirby J in _Johnson v Johnson_ did think
this case might signal a gradual return to “their Lordships’ earlier position,
more in harmony with the approach adopted by this and other courts” (see
_Johnson v Johnson_ at 499)

90 Finally, in a judgment of the Privy Council sitting on appeal from the High
Court of Scotland in _Millar v Dickson_ [2002] SLT 988, Lord Hope of Craighead
with the concurrence of Lord Bingham of Cornhill, Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
and Lord Scott of Foscote, made the following observations:

63 … the appearance of independence and impartiality is just as important as
the question whether these qualities exist in fact. Justice must not only be
done, it must be seen to be done … It is a question which, at least in a case
of perceived impartiality, stands apart from any questions that may be raised
about the character, quality or effect of any decisions which he takes or acts
which he performs in the proceedings.

64 There is ample authority in our domestic law to support these propositions
… The same result followed in _Doherty v McGlennan_ , where there was a
suspicion about the sheriff’s impartiality. These decisions were based on the
rule which Eve J described in _Law v Chartered Institute of Patent Agents_ at
[1919] 2 Ch, p 289 that, if circumstances exist which give rise to a suspicion
about the judge’s impartiality, those circumstances are themselves sufficient
to disqualify although in fact no bias exists. It is also worth noting that
the same rule was applied in _R v Bow Street Metropolitan Stipendiary
Magistrate, ex p Pinochet Ugarte (No 2)_ where, as Lord Browne-Wilkinson made
clear at [2001] 1 AC, pp 129E–F and 135H, the result was in no way dependent
on the judge personally holding any view or having any objective regarding the
question whether Senator Pinochet should be extradited …

65 The principle of the common law on which these cases depend is the need to
preserve public confidence in the administration of justice: see _Dimes v
Proprietors of Grand Junction Canal; R v Gough_ at [1993] AC, p 661, per Lord
Goff of Chieveley. It is no answer for the judge to say that he is in fact
impartial, that he abided by his judicial oath and there was a fair trial.
_The administration of justice must be preserved from any suspicion that a
judge lacks independence or that he is not impartial. If there are grounds
which would be sufficient to create in the mind of a reasonable man a doubt
about the judge’s impartiality, the inevitable result is that the judge is
disqualified from taking any further part in the case. No further
investigation is necessary, and any decisions he may have made cannot stand._

[emphasis added]

91 It follows that in my judgment the law in this land is that a decision of a
judicial or quasi-judicial body will be set aside if there are circumstances
which would give rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension in a fair-
minded reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts that the
tribunal was biased. The test set out in _Gough_ is not a part of our law and
that is so for good reasons.

**Should the decision of the DC in this case be quashed?**

92 I turn then to the facts of the present case. In my judgment, the relevant
facts are reasonably simple and they are the following:

(a) The issue that is the principal subject of the challenge related to one
aspect of the overall factual matrix.

(b) That aspect of the overall factual matrix was to some degree relevant to
the second and third charges against the applicant, both of which included the
assertion that he had failed to ascertain the actual amounts received by Mdm
Mislia from Chiang. More importantly by the applicant’s submission to the DC,
it was made relevant to the general issue of the credibility of the
complainants.

(c) The treatment meted out by the DC to the complainants on the one hand and
to the Citibank witnesses on the other generally, and in particular on this
issue was unequal.

(d) The questions asked by the DC went beyond clarifying aspects of the
evidence of the Citibank witnesses and in some instances appeared rather to be
directed at extracting concessions from the witnesses. I set out some extracts
from the evidence although I should state that one gets an even better sense
of this by listening to the recording of the proceedings which I did:

(i) Transcript p 145 lines 10–31 (during evidence-in-chief)

> > Bajwa (applicant’s counsel) : Now, if you were told that the position was
> that actually she presented the cheque and the IC, and the cashier instead
> of giving her the money gave it to two other persons who were there, male
> persons, how would you react to that? Is that possible, impossible or
> outrageous, what would you say?
>>

>> Witness : It is unlikely because when we are paying back or giving the
cash, we look at the IC and then call for the person, the person may come
forward then the cash will be given to the person.

>>

>> Chairman : So if I went with my mother to the Citibank, my mother is
illiterate, we both stand at the counter, my mother sign at the back of the
cheque. She presents her IC, the teller has checked that its’ my mother, she
had confirmed with the IC when it comes to paying, I am standing there with
her IC, the teller will still call for my mother.

>>

>> Witness : But they will not give back the IC as yet until the cash is to be
given.

>>

>> Chairman : So who will they give back the IC to?

>>

>> Witness : To the person that they can identify earlier that presented this
cheque and the IC.

>>

>> Chairman : So if I was the one who gave my mother’s IC and the teller knows
my face, you’re telling me that the cash will not be given to me.

>>

>> Witness : No.

(ii) Transcript p 149 line 16 to p 151 line 10 (during re-examination)

> > Chairman : It’s at the priority banking counter. Would you agree with me
> that there will be no reason for Madam Mislia to cash this cheque at the
> priority banking counter if she is not a priority banking customer?
>>

>> Witness : Because this belongs to the priority banking customer.

>>

>> Chairman : So the priority banking customer would be accompanying Madam
Mislia to the priority banking counter. I bank, so please –

>>

>> Witness : I wouldn’t know. It’s not required for the customer to accompany
---

>>

>> Chairman : Mr Ang, I am asking you a very, very simple question.

>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> Chairman : I’ve done banking for 26 years, all right. So it’s a very simple
question. If Madam Mislia is not a priority banking customer, is there any
reason for her to join the priority banking queue to cash a cheque?

>>

>> Witness : You are right, not necessary.

>>

>> Chairman : Not necessary, she will not be entertained because she’s not a
priority banking customer.

>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> Chairman : So for her to have been entertained at the priority banking
counter, she must have been accompanied by a priority banking customer?

>>

>> Witness : Likely to be.

>>

>> …

>>

>> Bajwa : Why do you say this was cashed at the priority banking counter? Why
do you say that? It may be a priority banking cheque but it doesn’t mean that
it was cashed only at the priority banking counter?

>>

>> Witness : You are correct. It’s not a priority banking counter.

>>

>> Chairman : I asked you whether you checked---whether it was cashed at the
priority banking counter, and you said yes, it was cashed at the priority
banking counter.

>>

>> Witness : I apologise for the error, it’s not. It’s at the Cap Square
branch, normal counter.

>>

>> Chairman : Do you know that for a fact or are you guessing?

>>

>> Witness : No, its for a fact because of the “6”, it’s a normal counter.

>>

>> …

>>

>> Chairman : Is it possible that the priority banking counter girl will take
the cheque to your normal counters to, you know, cash? No?

>>

>> Witness : No.

>>

>> Chairman : Because I have seen some people at priority banking counters,
when all the counters at the priority banking are occupied in some banks,
someone will come from behind the counter and take the cheque and try and do
it at one of the normal counters.

>>

>> Witness : Even then, the full verification will be in place.

(iii) Transcript p 151 line 17 to p 152 line 24 (during re-examination)

> > DC : Mr Ang, if you look at the cheque on page 65, you see that “bearer”
> is not cancelled.
>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> DC : Are you saying that Citibank would still insist on paying only the
name payee for such a cheque?

>>

>> Witness : Yes, Sir.

>>

>> DC : It would not treat this as a bearer cheque which anybody could just
present over the counter for cash?

>>

>> Witness : No.

>>

>> Chairman : Why?

>>

>> Witness : Because from what is noted behind, it’s the same name that is
presented this.

>>

>> DC : Now, you are saying that if I got someone to give me a bearer cheque
which is not in my name and I brought it to a Citibank branch, I could not get
cash for that cheque.

>>

>> Witness : Yah, we need to check with the drawer first.

>>

>> DC : Okay, and if the drawer was there---drawer is the person whose name is
on the cheque, right?

>>

>> Witness : Drawer meaning the account holder.

>>

>> DC : Yes, if the account holder is there with me, and he says “This is my
cheque, I would like it to be paid to this person as bearer”, would Citibank
proceed to make payment?-

>>

>> Witness : Then the branch manager have to.

>>

>> DC : Is it possible that if the drawer was there on both occasions and the
drawer is a Citigold priority banking customer, that your teller might be more
willing to give him the money because he has the IC of the name payee and he
has the name payee with him although not at the counter, it is after all his
own cheque?

>>

>> Witness : I am not able to answer that.

(iv) Transcript p 152 line 25 to p 154 line 7 (during re-examination)

> > DC : Earlier, you stated it is the procedure of Citibank to have the
> person present their IC, the cheque and the teller pays the money to the
> person, that is the procedure of the bank?
>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> DC : You stated earlier that it is absolutely not possible for the teller
to hand the money to another party.

>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> DC : Why are you so certain that procedures may be violated and everyone is
able to conform 100% to it?

>>

>> Witness : Okay, what we have, we have a quality control department. They
check, they perform so-called ad hoc checks. The test is every quarter. They
will view videotape, they will view the process, make sure that all these are
in place.

>>

>> DC : Right, but in any of this kind of quality checks, they are sample
basis. Sampling can never guarantee 100%. Why are you so certain that that
never can happen that a violation of a procedure can happen?

>>

>> Witness : The sampling is an accepted procedure that’s adopted in the US.

>>

>> DC : So, by the same token, it is also the bank’s procedure to note, to
record the name of the person at the back of the cheque before handing over?

>>

>> Witness : Say again.

>>

>> DC : It is also the procedure that you stated that the name of the payee is
written at the back of the cheque before handing over?

>>

>> Witness : Before the encashment is processed.

>>

>> DC : Right, so he will write the name of the person and then hand over the
money?

>>

>> Witness : After all the checks, yes.

>>

>> DC : Then, can I bring you to the evidence---can you take a look at page
64.

>>

>> Witness : Okay.

>>

>> DC : Why is the payee’s name not written?

>>

>> Witness : IC number is noted.

>>

>> DC : Yes, but in the other cheque, 66, the teller’s name is written as well
as the IC number, everything is in accordance with the procedure. In this case
here, this cheque is not in complete conformance with the procedure, so why
are you so certain in the other case that violation of procedure can never
happen?

>>

>> Witness : We only catch any violation through sampling.

>>

>> DC : It is likely, it is possible that that can happen, right, that the
teller may hand over the money to someone other than the payee?

>>

>> Witness : It’s hard to answer that because so far, there is none.

>>

>> Chairman : You wouldn’t know whether there were, right?

>>

>> Witness : I won’t know.

(v) Transcript p 154 lines 8–28 (during re-examination)

> > Chairman : Yes. Can I---now, as a priority banking customer, if there are
> people at the priority banking counter, can I not flash my card, priority
> banking card or whatever I have and cut queue and go to any of the other
> counters?
>>

>> Witness : No.

>>

>> Chairman : No? Can’t I just flash my card at the teller and when the person
she’s serving moves away, she will beckon me to step forward?

>>

>> Witness : Not likely.

>>

>> Chairman : You are sure of that?

>>

>> Witness : Yes.

>>

>> Chairman : What’s your procedure in relation to priority banking?

>>

>> Witness : Because normally, if someone or customer who insists on being
served fast will normally call the supervisor or manager to attend to him
separately. Because if you allow one like that, the others in the queue will
also say, “I will also want to do that”.

>>

>> Chairman : But they don’t have a priority banking card to flash?

>>

>> Witness : To the other customers, they won’t be able to see whether you are
priority customer or not, so normally we will get the supervisor or manager to
attend to him separately, to deal with him separately.

(e) This had interrupted the applicant’s counsel in the midst of his
examination of the first Citibank witness.

(f) The DC asked far more questions on this issue than did counsel for the Law
Society.

(g) The idea that the bank’s rules or procedures could have been bypassed
because Chiang was a priority banking customer was initiated and prosecuted by
the DC and finally found its way into the DC’s report.

(h) In the course of her evidence Mdm Mislia herself did not say Chiang had
used his priority banking card (assuming he had one) or that he had in any way
used his influence at the bank.

(i) Even though the examination of the Citibank witnesses by counsel for the
Law Society and indeed by the DC was directed at showing that it was
_possible_ that the bank’s practices may have been breached, the conclusion
stated in the DC’s report was that it was _highly likely_ this had happened on
both occasions.

(j) This was a conclusion that was contrary to the thrust of the evidence
given by the Citibank witnesses. The DC’s basis for choosing to disregard
their evidence was that it would not have been in their interest to
acknowledge that the bank may have paid out on a cheque to someone other than
the drawee. This is significant because in effect the DC appears to have
concluded that the Citibank witnesses were consciously choosing not to be
truthful in order to save Citibank from embarrassment and/or liability. Yet
this was never put to them in order to afford them the opportunity to address
this. Nor was it even suggested by counsel for the Law Society. Hence, it was
also never open to counsel for the applicant to address the DC on this issue.
It also appeared to give little or no credence to the bank’s own interest in
abiding by its procedures in order to avoid claims being brought against it,
which after all is a primary reason for the existence of such procedures.

93 In my judgment, I have no doubt at all that the facts set out at (c) to (j)
above could have left the fair-minded reasonable observer with a reasonable
suspicion that the DC was infected by disqualifying bias. Moreover, at a wider
level two other points may be noted by way of background. The cross-
examination of the applicant by counsel for the Law Society is recorded in
some 20 pages of transcript, several pages of which were taken up by questions
from the DC. This was followed by another eight pages of examination by the
DC. Secondly, the cross-examination of Mdm Mislia by the applicant’s counsel
was interrupted by the DC on a few occasions and it culminated in this
exchange between the chairman and counsel for the applicant.

Bajwa : ---because the Tribunal wants you---wants to understand what you
understood. What do you understand by the meaning “costs in the preparation of
loan payment”? Did you understand by that that he meant loan documentation?

Witness : That means the letter that I signed for the loan agreement.

Bajwa : All right.

Chairman : Did you scrutinise this bill when it was received by you at that
point of time?

Witness : No.

Bajwa : Mr Chairman, I think at this point, I should be given some leeway to
cross-examine her and let her explain and I would appreciate actually if this
sort of questions which are actually more the scope of the prosecutor to bring
in to clarify what she’s saying in re-examination. But for the moment, I think
you should give me some leeway to carry on with my point and perhaps ask her
later.

Chairman : I think we are giving you the fullest of leeway. It’s just that at
certain junctures, where I feel that the witness may not be comprehending
things properly. I think it is definitely within our right to, you know.

Bajwa : You see, I’ve already asked her whether she had notice it. I started
this questioning very carefully. I asked her, “Did you notice it?” She said “I
noticed it”. Now you have asked “Did you notice it?” which a lot of attention
and scrutiny. That is something for her to say. She could have always said “I
noticed it but I didn’t examine it”. But when u ask her in that fashion, then
basically she’s going to give that answer,---

Chairman : Never mind, carry on.

Bajwa : ---so I think that’s the point. The point is that I will appreciate if
I’m just allow to carry on. We are all trying to come down to the truth.

Chairman : Carry on, carry on.

Bajwa : We are here to try to establish what happened. My cross-examination is
not unduly aggressive, I’m being very kind to the witness. I just want her to
tell the truth.

Chairman : Yes, carry on.

94 I reiterate that the issue is not whether the DC was in fact infected by
such bias or even whether the court considers that there was a sufficient
degree of possibility that they were so infected as to render their findings
unsafe. Rather, the issue is whether a fair-minded reasonable person who
observed the DC:

(a) initiating a line of inquiry;

(b) prosecuting that line and indeed other related lines of inquiry
vigorously;

(c) interrupting the examination of the witness by the applicant’s counsel;

(d) treating the witnesses on either side in an unequal or inconsistent
manner;

(e) asking questions that seemed directed at obtaining concessions from the
witnesses rather than at clarifying points;

(f) reaching a conclusion (_ie_ “highly likely”) on these issues which was far
removed from whatever concessions (_ie_ “possible”) had been obtained and
which was not even submitted by the Law Society; and

(g) discarding the evidence of the Citibank witnesses on the basis that they
were likely to have been untruthful without putting this to them or to the
applicant,

might reasonably apprehend that the DC was infected by disqualifying bias. In
my view, the answer to that is plainly yes.

95 There is just one further point I should touch on before leaving this
issue. Mr Yim submitted that I should not look at the facts in isolation but
should make a holistic appraisal of the whole of the evidence. He then
submitted that this all concerned a minor issue discrete from the rest of the
case. I have no difficulty with the broad proposition that one should not look
at the facts in isolation but I don’t consider that it changes the position in
any way for several reasons.

96 First, it is helpful to address the narrower submission Mr Yim made which
is that this was an issue discrete from the rest of the case. In fact, I don’t
think that contention is correct.

97 The case turned very much on whose evidence (as between the complainants
and the applicant) the DC believed on the central issues. Here, one of the
major planks of the closing submissions filed on behalf of the applicant was
that Mdm Mislia’s credibility was compromised by the evidence of the Citibank
witnesses. It was therefore not possible to treat the evidence on this issue
as isolated and incapable of tainting the DC’s evaluation of the case as a
whole.

98 This is borne out by [45] and [46] of the DC’s report and in particular
[46] which I have already referred to at [25] above where this was mentioned
as one of the issues which left the applicant with little or no credibility in
the DC’s view.

99 Further, I return here to what I have said above at [26] quoting from [49]
and [50] of the report. The DC in those paragraphs came to the conclusion that
the applicant:

(a) in all likelihood knew that Chiang was in the business of lending money
(presumably illegally) and that this was to be an illegal moneylending
transaction;

(b) the applicant prepared the documents “for the sole purpose of making the
loans appear like friendly loans and thereby hiding the true amounts of
interest owed to Chiang under them”;

(c) the applicant “was deliberately turning a blind eye to the true nature of
these illegal and extortionate loans”; and

(d) the acts and omissions of the applicant “were not merely negligent or even
grossly negligent, but were clearly calculated to keep the complainants in the
dark, to make sure Chiang was paid excessive amounts of interest and to keep
himself out of trouble”.

100 It is not before me whether the DC was correct in arriving at these
conclusions but Mr Yim was good enough to accept that this had formed no part
of the Law Society’s case before the DC. The case in fact advanced for the Law
Society was much more circumspect and it is encapsulated in the final
paragraph of the closing submissions filed on its behalf before the DC:

The present Loan Agreements between the complainant and the individual Chiang
is not akin to a standard banking transaction with a mortgage bank. It is
unfortunate that the Respondent, by his failure to have diligently performed
his duties and/or advancing his client’s interest, has unwittingly lent
himself to be of service in a transaction, which has evidently been an illegal
money-lending transaction.

101 When this is read together with [27] above where I have referred to the
first paragraph of the Law Society’s submissions, it becomes apparent that the
DC went well beyond the highest case put forward by the Law Society. In that
light, it is simply not appropriate to analyse the situation in the manner
suggested by Mr Yim and to conclude that the alacrity with which the DC
appeared to pursue the inquiry as to whether the money was paid by the bank
tellers to Mdm Mislia directly or to Chiang is a limited issue that had no
connection with or effect upon the DC’s evaluation of the case as a whole. It
is neither possible nor safe to make such an assumption.

102 In the final analysis, the fact is that it is often impossible to quantify
the effects in any meaningful way, in an attempt to save the decision that is
being challenged. I return here to draw once again from the judgment of Chan
Sek Keong J in _Re Singh Kalpanath_ (see [34] above) at 671–672, [100]–[101]
following a _dictum_ of Devlin LJ in _Barnsley_ (see [58] above):

100 The other members of the DC have filed affidavits stating that CS had not
influenced or attempted to influence their decision. It would be quite
impossible for the applicant to challenge these affidavits. But that is not a
relevant consideration. In _R v Barnsley_ _Licensing Justices_ , Devlin LJ
said (at p 186):

I agree with what the Master of the Rolls had said about the effect of the
decision in _R v Hertfordshire Justice_ [6 QB 753]. I do not think in this
sort of case that if one or more members of the bench were found to have a
real likelihood of bias, it would be right or proper to count heads and say
there was a majority of unbiased members. One cannot tell, as the judgment in
that case points out, to what extent the bias of even one magistrate,
_especially if he be the chairman,_ may influence the decision of the rest.
Once has to look at the whole picture. (Emphasis added.)

101 For the above reasons, there is a firm basis for quashing the findings and
determination of the DC and I order accordingly.

103 Albeit raised in a different context, the principle is the same. Once a
court has found that matters have been established which could give rise to a
reasonable suspicion of bias, it would not be appropriate then to examine if
it is to be isolated and treated as immaterial. This is all the more so when
one approaches the inquiry from the perspective of the “reasonable suspicion
of bias” test which seeks to uphold the importance of ensuring that justice is
manifestly seen to be done, as opposed to from the perspective of the “real
likelihood or danger of bias” test where one is concerned with the degree of
risk that the process has been infected with. Applying the “reasonable
suspicion” test from the view point of a fair-minded reasonable person, it
simply is no answer to the complaint to say that in fact, because the subject
matter of the complaint can be isolated (which in any case I do not find to be
so here) there is no real danger of harm. This again highlights the difference
between the two tests and the danger of obscuring the distinction between
them.

104 Accordingly, the applicant succeeds on this ground and I grant the
application for the quashing order.

**The prohibition against assuming an inquisitorial role**

105 My conclusion on the first principal ground of challenge is sufficient to
dispose of the matter. However, a further ground was raised by Mr Bajwa and it
was fully argued. In my view it affords a separate basis for my conclusion and
I therefore address this now.

106 Mr Bajwa submitted that quite apart from the issue of apparent bias, the
decision of the DC should also be set aside on the basis that the degree and
manner of the DC’s interventions in particular in the evidence of the Citibank
witnesses reveal that the DC had so descended into the arena as to impair its
judgment and its ability to properly evaluate and weigh the evidence and that
this rendered the trial unfair.

107 The factual basis for this submission largely overlaps with that for the
submissions as to apparent bias. This is not unexpected and perhaps for that
reason, the cases do not always distinguish the two issues. However, in my
judgment there is a separate and distinct principle that arises in this
context and it is borne out of the fact that our system of justice is founded
on an adversarial model rather than an inquisitorial model.

108 This has been expressed in a number of authorities the starting point of
which is one containing perhaps the most eloquent articulation of the
principle. That is found in the judgment of Denning LJ (as he then was) in
_Jones v National Coal Board_ [1957] 2 QB 55 (“ _Jones_ ”). Developing a point
articulated by Lord Green MR in _Yuill v Yuill_ [1945] P 15, Denning LJ noted
as follows at 63:

Nevertheless, we are quite clear that the interventions, taken together, were
far more than they should have been. In the system of trial which we have
evolved in this country, the judge sits to hear and determine the issues
raised by the parties, not to conduct an investigation or examination on
behalf of society at large, as happens, we believe, in some foreign countries.
Even in England, however, a judge is not a mere umpire to answer the question
“How’s that?” His object, above all, is to find out the truth, and to do
justice according to law; and in the daily pursuit of it the advocate plays an
honourable and necessary role. Was it not … Lord Greene M.R. who explained
that justice is best done by a judge who holds the balance between the
contending parties without himself taking part in their disputations? If a
judge, said Lord Greene, should himself conduct the examination of witnesses,
“he, so to speak, descends into the arena and is liable to have his vision
clouded by the dust of conflict” : see _Yuill v. Yuill_.

Yes, he must keep his vision unclouded. It is all very well to paint justice
blind, but she does better without a bandage round her eyes. She should be
blind indeed to favour or prejudice, but clear to see which way lies the
truth: and the less dust there is about the better. Let the advocates one
after the other put the weights into the scales – the “nicely calculated less
or more” – but the judge at the end decides which way the balance tilts, be it
ever so slightly … The judge’s part in all this is to hearken to the evidence,
only himself asking questions of witnesses when it is necessary to clear up
any point that has been overlooked or left obscure; to see that the advocates
behave themselves seemly and keep to the rules laid down by law; to exclude
irrelevancies and discourage repetition; to make sure by wise intervention
that he follows the points that the advocates are making and can assess their
worth; and at the end to make up his mind where the truth lies. If he goes
beyond this, he drops the mantle of a judge and assumes the robe of an
advocate; and the change does not become him well.

109 That passage states both the principle as well as the rationale for it.
Excessive and unwarranted interruptions by the tribunal may give rise to
different grounds for complaint. In _Haron bin Mundir_ (at [30] above), the
Court of Appeal formed the view that the manner in which the respondent had
been questioned was humiliating and unfair so that the right to be heard “was
realised more in form than in substance” see at 63, [73]. In _Roseli bin Amat
v PP_ [1989] SLR 55 (“ _Roseli bin Amat_ ”) the Court of Appeal concluded from
the nature of at least some of the excessive interruptions of the trial judge
that the judge had not kept an open mind and had determined the issues
adversely against the appellants before their case had been presented: see at
63–64, [23].

110 The complaint in the present case is distinct from the issue of
prejudgment and it has to do with the risk of a fair trial being compromised
because of the failure of the tribunal to observe its proper role and its duty
not to descend into the arena. The validity of this principle and its
applicability in Singapore was recognised by the Court of Appeal in _Yap Chwee
Khim v American Home Assurance Co_ [2001] 2 SLR 421 (“ _Yap Chwee Khim_ ”)
where in giving the judgment of the Court, L P Thean JA said as follows at
[25]:

[W]e should mention that a trial judge has very wide power under s 167 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed) to ask questions of any witness who is before
him. Section 167 provides as follows:

(1) The Judge may, in order to discover or to obtain proper proof of relevant
facts, ask any question he pleases, in any form at any time, of any witness or
of the parties, about any fact relevant or irrelevant; and may order the
production of any document or thing; and neither the parties nor their agents
shall be entitled to make any objection to any such question or order, nor,
without the leave of the court, to cross-examine any witness upon any answer
given in reply to any such question.

…

However, such wide power must be exercised with caution and within well-
recognised limits with judicial calm and detachment and without usurping or
assuming the functions of counsel. Case law has shown that, while a trial
judge has the power to ask questions of witnesses at any stage of the hearing,
an excessive exercise of such power may, and indeed would, operate unfairly
against the witnesses and litigants. A general statement on the role a judge
should play in this regard is to be found in the judgment of Denning LJ in the
case of _Jones v National Coal Board_ [1957] 2 QB 55 at 63; [1957] 2 All ER
155 at 159.

111 The Court then cited the passage from _Jones_ that I have already referred
to.

112 Similarly, in _Wong Kok Chin_ (at [36] above), the following observations
of Yong Pung How CJ at 1151–1152, [54]–[55] reflect an approach that similarly
endorses this as a distinct basis for relief in such cases:

54 … In our system of justice the process is adversarial and not
inquisitorial. This necessarily means in the case of a disciplinary committee
of a professional body, that it must approach the issues before it with an
open mind, it must also listen to the evidence for and against the offender,
and to what he may have to say in his defence; and it must then make up its
mind whether, on all the evidence before it, the offender has been proved to
be guilty of the offence. In hearing evidence, a disciplinary committee may
seek clarification on points in the evidence which are not clear, but in doing
so it must at all times avoid descending into the arena, and joining in the
fray. In the last instance, it is there to judge as best it can; it is not
there to supplement the prosecution …

55 … [A]n inescapable impression is formed from perusing the transcript that,
in trying to discharge its responsibilities effectively, the committee went
well beyond its authority to carry out a ‘due inquiry’ under the Act, until
the inquiry became an inquisition of its own, aimed at securing evidence to
justify a finding of guilt.

113 In _Galea v Galea_ (1990) 19 NSWLR 263, the Court of Appeal of the Supreme
Court of New South Wales also considered the point and Kirby A-CJ (as he then
was) listed a set of guidelines at 281–282 which a court could apply in
evaluating whether excessive intervention by the judge had risen to such a
level that the prospect of a fair trial had been compromised. In my judgment,
it is neither necessary nor especially helpful to apply such a set of
guidelines especially in our context where, unlike the position that Kirby
A-CJ was faced with, we do not have jury trials.

114 I agree that the principle recognised in _Jones_ and upheld in _Yap Chwee
Khim_ must be applied with due consideration for the fact that in the modern
era of complex and often document-intensive litigation, it is not uncommon for
judges to take an active part in case management or to intervene as often as
they feel they need to in order to understand the issues and the evidence.
Equally, I accept (and indeed my personal approach to conducting hearings
reflects this view) that counsel are often assisted by the court revealing its
concerns, its provisional views and its reservations so that the parties have
every opportunity to seek to correct or modify them or to persuade the court
to come to a different view. In my view, giving counsel the opportunity to
peek within the judicial mind considering the case can be a great advantage to
counsel and the parties.

115 However, this is not the mischief. The real problem arises when the judge
takes up a position and then pursues it with the passion of the advocate and
in the process slips “into the perils of self-persuasion” (_per_ Sir Robert
Meggary “ _Temptations of the Bench_ ” (1978) 16 Alta L Rev 406 at 409 cited
in _Galea_ at 281). When that happens, he has entered the arena and it is a
position ill-suited to the dispensation of dispassionate justice.

116 This was most recently considered by the English Court of Appeal in _Mayor
and Burgesses of the London_ _Borough of Southwark v Kofi-Adu_ [2006] EWCA
(Civ) 281, a case which I drew to counsel’s attention. Mr Yim submitted that
the case was distinguishable on its facts but I think that the real issue is
whether the principle articulated there has any relevance to the case before
me. I think it is helpful here to review the following extracts from the
judgment of Parker LJ at [146] to [148]:

_It is, we think, important to appreciate that the risk identified by Lord
Greene MR in Yuill v Yuill does not depend on appearances, or on what an
objective observer of the process might think of it. Rather, the risk is that
the judge’s descent into the arena (to adopt Lord Greene MR’s description) may
so hamper his ability properly to evaluate and weigh the evidence before him
as to impair his judgment, and may for that reason render the trial unfair._

In the instant case we are left in no doubt that the judge’s constant (and
frequently contentious) interventions during the oral evidence, examples of
which we have given earlier in this judgment, served to cloud his vision and
his judgment to the point where he was unable to subject the oral evidence to
proper scrutiny and evaluation. This conclusion is confirmed by his irrational
findings in relation to housing benefit and by his complete failure to address
the credibility of Ms Kofi-Adu’s evidence in his judgment or to explain why he
rejected the evidence of Mrs Aitcheson’s diary sheets. …

In our judgment, therefore, the manner in which the judge conducted the trial
led to a failure on his part to discharge his judicial function. That is not
to say, of course, that the decisions which he reached on the issues of
nuisance and annoyance (including the issue of reasonableness in that context)
might not have been reached following a proper evaluation and scrutiny of the
evidence. Plainly, they might. The flaw in the instant case lies not so much
in the decisions themselves as in the way in which the judge reached them, in
that he allowed himself not merely to descend into the arena but, once there,
to play a substantial part in the interrogation of the witnesses. In effect,
he arrogated to himself a quasi-inquistorial role which (as Lord Denning MR
explained in _Jones_) …. is entirely at odds with the adversarial system.

[emphasis added]

117 There are three points from that passage which I think are of assistance:

(a) Although cases of this nature may frequently also give rise to a complaint
of apparent bias, the basis upon which Parker LJ was proceeding was the quite
distinct principle that because of the adversarial system of justice that
avails in England, as indeed it does here, a tribunal that assumes a quasi-
inquisitorial role is acting at odds with one of the essential underpinnings
of that system and that is objectionable.

(b) Accordingly, the resolution of such a complaint depends not on appearances
or what impressions a fair-minded observer might be left with, but rather on
whether the reviewing court is satisfied that the manner in which the
challenged tribunal acted was such as to impair its ability to evaluate and
weigh the case presented by each side. In effect, was there a failure on the
part of the tribunal to discharge its judicial function?

(c) The resolution of the complaint does not depend upon showing that the
decision reached was wrong. The flaw in question is not in the decisions
reached but in the _manner_ in which they were reached.

118 In my judgment, these principles are wholly consistent with our own
jurisprudence as articulated in cases such as _Yap Chwee Khim_ and _Wong Kok
Chin_. At the same time, there are extremely good reasons not to limit or
chill unduly the wide latitude given to judicial tribunals in the conduct of
hearings. For this reason, it will be necessary to show that the tribunal _has
acted_ in a manner that does constitute a failure of the judicial function.
This will exceptionally be so as it was in the case in _Yap Chwee Khim_. It
was also the case in _Haron bin Mundir_ and _Roseli bin Amat_ where a
different aspect of the same overarching principle of ensuring a proper
discharge of the judicial function was involved.

119 Here, I touch on Mr Yim’s submission that I could find guidance in the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Cairnstores Ltd v Aktiebolaget
Hessle_ [2003] FSR 413 (“ _Cairnstores_ ”).

120 I make a few observations on the case to put it in its proper context:

(a) In _Cairnstores,_ the appellant took issue with the decision of the court
at first instance principally because of the interventions of the judge during
the trial. Although the case was, at least in part, mounted on the basis of
apparent bias, the Court of Appeal did not see its resolution on this basis.
Rather, as noted at [34] and [35], the real complaint was that because of the
nature and extent of the interventions, the appellant had not had a fair
trial.

(b) The court assessed the complaint primarily from that perspective and
applied a decision of the European Court of Human Rights in _CG v United
Kingdom_ (2002) EHRR 31. Reference was also made to the judgment of Lord
Greene MR in _Yuill v Yuill_ (see at [108] above).

(c) The court then assessed the evidence and the nature of the questions
complained of, which had been asked of an expert witness in a patent case.

(d) Having done that, the court formed the impression having considered the
nature and extent of the questions in the context of the case and the type of
witness being questioned that this did not render the trial unfair.

121 I would accept that the question in every case of this nature is what is
the impression the court is left with after considering all the evidence and
the circumstances. There can be no inflexible rules and every case will depend
on its facts. A tribunal that questions an expert at some length in an effort
to come to grips with a difficult technical issue might leave a quite
different impression than one that questions a witness of fact on a vital but
simple point in an effort to secure a concession.

122 Turning to the case at hand, I reiterate the relevant factual matrix as I
have outlined it at [92] to [101]. Upon that matrix, it seems to me there was
sufficient basis for me to draw the necessary inferences and conclude that
there was a failure of the judicial function on the part of the DC in the
present case in:

(a) the initiation, prosecution and conclusions reached in respect of the case
that the money had been handed to Chiang rather than to Mdm Mislia with the
significance attached to Chiang’s status as a priority banker;

(b) the manner in which the questioning on this issue was conducted (see [92]
at (d) and (e) above);

(c) the failure to put to the Citibank witnesses the DC’s views on their
credibility especially since the Law Society was not making any such
submission and so the applicant had no reason at all to think this evidence
would be rejected and no opportunity to address the point; and

(d) the lack of care taken in the evaluation of the evidence such that the DC
felt able to conclude that:

(i) it was _highly likely_ Chiang had obtained the money from the bank teller
on both occasions when the entire examination on this issue was directed
solely at showing that this was a _possibility_ ;

(ii) the Citibank witnesses were consciously being untruthful without this
being put to them and when there was no apparent basis for such a conclusion;
and

(iii) the applicant had knowingly engaged in a scheme to facilitate and
conceal some illegal money-lending transactions when this was never even
suggested by the Law Society and when no evidence towards this end appears to
have been adduced.

123 This is a conclusion I arrive at given the exceptional concatenation of
events. It is not the result of one or some particular facts. It is upon the
totality of the circumstances that I find that the case at hand is
distinguishable on the facts from _Cairnstores_. Accordingly, I would find for
the applicant on this basis also.

**Conclusion**

124 It may well be true that the complainants have a genuine grievance
concerning the applicant and the way in which he conducted himself as their
solicitor. But that is not the issue before me. The applicant is entitled to
the benefit of the presumption that he is innocent of the charges until he has
been found guilty beyond reasonable doubt by a DC that has acted in accordance
with the rules of natural justice. On the facts presented, I am satisfied that
the DC:

(a) conducted itself in such a manner as to give rise to a reasonable
suspicion of bias on its part; and

(b) failed to discharge its judicial function because it assumed an
inquisitorial role at a certain point by descending into the arena in such a
manner that impaired its judgment and its ability to fairly evaluate and weigh
the evidence and the case as a whole.

125 Either of these grounds affords a sufficient basis to quash the DC’s
findings and determination and I so order.

126 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

