Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yongnam Engineering & Constructions (Pte) Ltd and Another v Yeo Wee Kiong
and Others  
[2006] SGHC 62

Case Number | : | Suit 90/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 April 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Chew SC, Joseph Yeo Swee Teck and Vanessa Yeo (KhattarWong) for the plaintiffs; Tan Kok Quan SC and Ang Wee Tiong (Tan Kok Quan Partnerhsip) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Yongnam Engineering & Constructions (Pte) Ltd; Yongnam Development Pte Ltd — Yeo Wee Kiong; Wong Kok Hoe; Tan Kheng Lee Arnold; Foo Maw Shen   
  
Legal Profession – Duties – Client – Plaintiff agreeing to complete
construction works in exchange for developer's promise to transfer one floor
in development to it – Paramount mortgagee subsequently refusing to discharge
mortgage – Whether defendant solicitors negligent in not advising plaintiffs
about existence and significance of mortgage – Whether defendant solicitors
negligent in failing to advise plaintiffs of unlikelihood of developer paying
off mortgage  
  

11 April 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Ban Hin Leong name, comprising a group of companies, was well known in
the property development business. Sometime in 1996, Springleaves Tower Ltd
(“Springleaves”), a company in the Ban Hin Leong group of companies, ventured
with Liang Court Development Pte Ltd (“Liang Court”), later renamed Somerset
Development Pte Ltd (but for the relevant period it was known as Liang Court),
to build a 37-floor office building known as Springleaf Tower. Springleaves
was responsible for 70% of the development and Liang Court the remaining 30%.
The development was financed by the then Overseas Union Bank Limited (“OUB”)
who held a paramount mortgage over the development. The main contractor for
the development was Tuan Kai Construction Pte Ltd (“Tuan Kai”), which was
another company in the Ban Hin Leong group. By agreement, the obligation of
the joint developers to pay Tuan Kai was apportioned in the ratio of 70:30,
that is, the extent of their joint-venture stakes. The first plaintiff was a
nominated subcontractor of Tuan Kai in the Springleaf Tower development. There
were in fact two contracts, excluding the variation contract known as “the
Additional Contract” in the settlement agreement that I shall shortly refer
to. I will refer to the two contracts (not including the Additional Contract)
collectively as “the subcontract”, for convenience. Tuan Kai fell into arrears
in progress payments due from February 1998. Consequently, in October 1998 the
first plaintiff threatened to stop further work. This threat led to
negotiations between the first plaintiff, Tuan Kai, and Springleaves.

2 The upshot of the negotiations was that the first plaintiff would continue
its work, and Springleaves would transfer the entire 23rd floor of Springleaf
Tower to the first plaintiff or its nominee (which, in the event, was the
second plaintiff) in lieu of payment of Tuan Kai’s payment obligations under
its (Tuan Kai’s) subcontract with the first plaintiff. Throughout the material
times the first plaintiff’s holding company was preparing for a second attempt
to list itself in the Stock Exchange of Singapore. The first defendant was the
solicitor advising the plaintiff’s holding company in respect of the listing
exercise. There was an added anxiety on the part of both lawyer and client
because the latter had failed in its initial attempt in 1996 because it did
not declare the insolvency of one of its subsidiary companies called Yong Yeh
Mechanical Engineering Pte Ltd. The first defendant was also instructed to
advise the plaintiffs in the settlement negotiation with Tuan Kai and
Springleaves. The second, third, and fourth defendants were partners of the
first defendant at the material times but only the first and second defendants
had any involvement in the present matter. Price Waterhouse was also advising
the plaintiffs in respect of the listing, and the settlement of the Tuan Kai
debts was significantly large enough not to be ignored in that exercise,
especially when the memory of the previous non-disclosure of an insolvent
subsidiary still fresh in everyone’s mind. The plaintiffs had also engaged a
private accountant, Carrie Cheong, to attend specially to the listing of their
holding company.

3 Eventually, a settlement agreement (“the Agreement”) was executed on 13
February 1999 between Springleaves, Tuan Kai, and the first plaintiff giving
effect to the broad understanding of the parties, namely, that the developers
would transfer the 23rd floor of Springleaf Tower to the first plaintiff or
its nominee in consideration of the purchase price of $13,964,600 (at the rate
of $1,300 per square foot). The Agreement provided that the first plaintiff be
entitled to set off money owing by Tuan Kai in payment of the purchase price
of the 23rd floor. At the time the contract was executed, the contract sum due
to the first plaintiff and payable by Tuan Kai was $12,883,100. At that time,
Tuan Kai had made payment of $4,893,527.09 with a further sum of $2,875,317.56
due and owing. The aggregate debt, if the contract was fully performed, thus
amounted to $7,989,572.91. Hence, throughout the proceedings before me,
counsel and the witnesses referred to these monies in rounded figures, that is
to say, that the purchase price for the 23rd floor was about $14m; the
aggregate debt due from Tuan Kai was about $8m and the amount paid was about
$4m. There were two other relevant figures in the Agreement, namely, the sum
of $3,031,000 for “additional contracts” and $2,730,112.20 being what the
parties called the “Compensatory Credit”. The total of these two sums is
$5,761,112.20, referred to at trial as the rounded figure of $5m, representing
the difference between the purchase price and the balance amount under the
subcontract and payable to the first plaintiff by Tuan Kai. Under the
Agreement, Springleaves was substituted in place of Tuan Kai in respect of the
subcontract previously entered between Tuan Kai and the first plaintiff.

4 Since the Agreement envisaged payment by means of a set-off, the standard
sale and purchase agreement would have to be amended to reflect the change,
and, consequently, the Controller of Housing’s approval was required. His
approval was given on 31 March 1999 and on the same day the amended sale and
purchase agreement (“S&P Agreement”) was executed between Springleaves for and
on behalf of itself and Liang Court, and the second plaintiff. Under the
Agreement, the first plaintiff had to complete its work under the subcontract
by 30 June 1999. In the event, it did so. Hence, in due course it called upon
the performance of the developers under the S&P Agreement. That could not be
done because OUB who had the paramount mortgage of the development did not
agree to discharge the mortgage in respect of the 23rd floor because it had
not been paid. The second plaintiff sued Springleaves and Liang Court for
breach of the S&P Agreement. Default judgment was entered against Springleaves
who, by which time, had become insolvent. On 1 December 2003, the High Court
dismissed the second plaintiff’s claim against Liang Court principally on the
grounds that Liang Court had no substantive or beneficial interests in the
23rd floor, and was not concerned with the Agreement between the plaintiffs
and Springleaves. The Court of Appeal dismissed the second plaintiff’s appeal
on 16 August 2004. The plaintiffs then commenced the present action based on
negligence against the four erstwhile partners of the firm of Yeo Wee Kiong &
Partners that represented the plaintiffs in the above said transactions. The
crux of the plaintiffs’ claim was based on the evidence of Seow Soon Yong, a
director of both plaintiff companies. The thrust of the plaintiffs’ claim was
that had their lawyers done their work properly, the plaintiffs would have
obtained the title to the 23rd floor, alternatively, they would not have
entered into the Agreement had they been advised about OUB’s paramount
mortgage. The first point in itself was too vague to be of any use. So it was
really the second point that was central to the plaintiffs’ claim in
negligence.

5 The question then, is what ought the solicitors have advised? There was no
doubt that the plaintiffs were aware that Springleaves and Liang Court had
mortgaged the development to OUB to finance the development. What was the
consequence of executing a contract to purchase any part of the development?
People who are familiar with such transactions would immediately know that the
mortgage must be discharged if the purchaser is to get title to the property.
I think that I am on safe ground in thinking that the first and second
defendants would know this, and so would Seow Soon Yong. But the law of
negligence requires a more objective test than that. On this narrow point, the
evidence showed that in the discussions between the solicitors and client, the
fact of OUB’s paramount mortgage and the necessity of getting it discharged
were matters that had been brought to everyone’s attention, that is, by the
lawyers to the client. In the attendance note dated 15 December 1998 written
by a lawyer from the defendants’ firm, the following was recorded:

Can developer take assignment of the debt? Even then the bank still has
paramount charge over the development. BHL don’t think the bank will agree to
release the mortgage over the floor.

The persons who attended this meeting were, the first defendant, his assistant
who recorded the note, one Richard Lim who was the managing director of the
Ban Hin Leong group of companies, and Seow Soon Yong. The “BHL”, in the note
was a reference to Richard Lim. The first defendant testified that BHL’s
scepticism related to his proposal that the mortgage be discharged “up front”,
that is, before the S&P Agreement was signed. In his evidence, Seow testified
that the plaintiffs had not yet decided “whether or not to accept the proposed
settlement of title to a floor in exchange for carrying out the structural
steel works”. The explicit instructions to draft the settlement agreement
along those terms might not have been given till 30 December 1998 as Seow Soon
Yong testified, but this meeting of 15 December 1998 indicated that the idea
was already formed and the parties were considering some of the details that
might need to be firmed up. It was apparent from this meeting that the first
defendant had brought his client’s attention to the existence of the bank’s
paramount mortgage. Bringing the existence of the mortgage to the client’s
attention would not be of much use unless the significance of its existence
was explained. The significance of the paramount mortgage in this case arose
from the nature of the settlement terms, and so it would be important to
consider these terms in some detail.

6 The situation by that time was as follows. Tuan Kai was clearly unable to
make further progress payments to the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff
then looked to Springleaves as Tuan Kai’s sister company to take over the
existing debt and for the assurance of future payments when they become due.
It seemed, certainly on hindsight, that Springleaves were not so financially
secure either otherwise the natural step was for it to make payment directly
to the first defendant. So although it was unable to make cash payment, it had
assets. It had its share of the 37-storey building that was being constructed.
Hence, it was suggested (there was no clear evidence as to who suggested it)
that Springleaves pay off all of Tuan Kai’s debts to the first plaintiff by
transferring the 23rd floor to it (or its nominee). As a straightforward
barter this exchange would be unproblematic if both parties were happy with
the deal. But it was not really a straightforward barter because OUB had a
paramount mortgage. That meant, so far as the bank was concerned, unless it
was paid, it would not release the security of the mortgage. In order to pay
the bank, the mortgagor (in this case that would be Springleaves and Liang
Court) had to sell the building or any part of it at market value and make a
proportionate payment to the bank accordingly. That would be the least the
mortgagor had to do. That meant that, first, a monetary value of the 23rd
floor had to be calculated. Secondly, the bank must be persuaded to accept
either payment of that sum or some assurance that that sum would be paid, and
agree to release the mortgage in respect of the 23rd floor in exchange.

7 There was no market value of the property at that time mainly because it was
a new building yet to be marketed. However, the bank and Liang Court were
adamantly not willing to place the value at less than $1,300 per square foot.
This created a problem for the negotiating parties because the plaintiffs (to
be more specific, the Yongnam group) were adamant in not paying more than
$1,050 per square foot. As a result, the negotiation turned to other options
in filling the difference between $1,300 and $1,050. The first defendant
testified that he impressed upon the parties that the solution had to be
genuine to be legally effective. After discussing various options and
permutations, the parties agreed to make up that difference by means of
raising variation works orders, but they could only make up $3,031,000 worth
of such works since they could not falsely create works orders. They then
agreed on a formula of the Compensatory Credit to cover the balance. The
Compensatory Credit was effectively a discount but it would not appear as such
in the S&P Agreement, and OUB would not therefore have any objection. It was
then left to Springleaves to determine how it would record the discount in its
books. These solutions merely resolved the problem of the plaintiffs’
unwillingness to pay the price set by OUB. The solution did not naturally mean
that OUB was or would be willing to release the mortgage on those terms –
especially since Springleaves did not want to show the settlement agreement to
OUB. Mr Leslie Chew SC, counsel for the plaintiffs cited the case of _County
Personnel (Employment Agency) Ltd v Alan R Pulver & Co_ [1987] 1 WLR 916 (“
_County Personnel_ ”), and submitted that if a solicitor had a legal
obligation to alert his client of any unusual clauses in a lease as in _County
Personnel_ , the defendants here ought similarly warn the plaintiffs of the
inherent dangers in the Agreement.

8 It appeared that about that time, that is, shortly after 20 January 1999,
the first defendant went on leave and work on the Yongnam matters, which
included the listing and the Agreement, was passed to the second defendant in
the absence of the first defendant. It was still not clear how OUB was to be
paid because unless that was done, OUB was unlikely to release the mortgage on
the 23rd floor and that would not be of any use to the plaintiffs. In fact, it
could be disastrous as the first defendant explained to the first plaintiff.
First, he pointed out that if Tuan Kai and Springleaves became insolvent, the
liquidator could interpret the discount as undue preference and apply to set
the Agreement aside. That meant that the plaintiffs would have to pay the full
price for the 23rd floor when it had not received any payment for its work.
The first defendant also saw the hidden danger that the difference between the
purchase price ($13,964,600) and the amount the plaintiffs were willing to pay
($11,234,487.80) was not the only money at risk. The amount of debt unpaid at
the time the Agreement was signed might itself be the subject of an undue
preference action. That advice had been set out in a letter dated 26 January
1999 by the second defendant to the first plaintiff. In the circumstances,
Springleaves and the first plaintiff agreed that on the terms as set out
above, Springleaves would undertake to procure the release of the mortgage
from OUB. Once again it has to be asked, how did Springleaves propose to do
that without paying? It is not known whether that question was asked, but if
it was, there was no evidence as to what the answer was. Why was this so?

9 It must be obvious that if Springleaves did not pay OUB it must somehow
obtain the agreement of OUB either to accept some sort of barter, or for some
other consideration or reason, to release the mortgage without receiving
payment. Generally, it is unlikely that a mortgagee, in such circumstances,
would accede to propositions of that nature. But it is not inconceivable; and
I cannot put it any higher than that. So the question is whether the first and
second defendants ought to have reasonably advised the first plaintiff
specifically in those terms. On the evidence, the record shows that the first
and second defendants had specifically advised the first plaintiff that OUB
had a paramount mortgage over the property; that unless they consented or
released the mortgage in respect of the 23rd floor the first plaintiff or its
nominee was not going to get title. Those were not the exact words but the
advice was clear enough. In my view, it would be wrong and unfair to assume
that an experienced contractor and businessman, such as Seow Soon Yong was,
would not have understood the import of an advice that the bank had a
paramount mortgage over the property, and that that mortgage must be
discharged. It was recorded at the meeting of 15 January 1999 that
“[Springleaves] to get the bank to release the mortgage when works are
completed rather than at completion of the building”. That was because the
first plaintiff’s work was mainly structural and would be completed earlier
than the rest of the construction. More specifically, the defendants’ minutes
of a meeting held on 29 December 1998 recorded that, “It was also noted at the
meeting that as the bank has to release the paramount mortgage in order for
[the first plaintiff] to get good title to the floor, the settlement should
also be approved by the bank.” _County Personnel_ was thus of little
assistance to the plaintiff. I find that the advice rendered by the first and
second defendants to the plaintiffs was sufficiently clear and adequate. I do
not think that the law expects solicitors to render perfect advice – if for no
better grounds than the fact that then one would labour impossibly to find
what perfection might mean in such cases.

10 The defendants’ advice was not followed because Springleaves did not wish
to show the settlement agreement to OUB, and it appeared that it must have
persuaded the first plaintiff to agree because the Agreement was not shown to
the bank. Seow Soon Yong’s evidence in respect of the advice that the
paramount mortgage was concerned, was that he believed that their solicitors
would have taken care of that in drafting the Agreement. By that I understood
his evidence to mean that the Agreement ought to have been drafted in such a
way that OUB would be contractually bound to release the mortgage. The
statement of claim averred that the “First Plaintiff, in the belief that the
Settlement Agreement prepared by the Defendants would ensure that the First
Plaintiff or its nominee would receive a good, clear and unencumbered title to
the 23rd floor upon completion of the remaining work required under, inter
alia, their subcontract dated 9 June 1997 with Tuan Kai, duly executed the
same on or about 13 February 1999”.

11 Mr Chew also argued that the defendants were not justified in expressing no
opinion “when it should have been plain to them that agreeing to
[Springleaves’] proposal was unwise and exposed the First Plaintiff to the
danger of non payment which was the danger that the First Plaintiff [was]
seeking to avoid in the first place”. Hence, counsel submitted, the defendants
could not aver that it was clear that the only way to obtain a release of the
paramount mortgage was by making payment to OUB. Counsel referred to
Danckwerts LJ in _Neushul v Mellish & Harkavy_ [1967] EGD 418 (“ _Neushul_ ”),
in support. Danckwerts LJ held at 420 that:

[A] solicitor might undertake to advise on a business matter, and, if he did
so, owed a duty to give competent advice. It was often difficult to
disentangle legal from business advice, and a solicitor carrying out a
transaction for a client was not justified in expressing no opinion when
plainly the client was rushing into an unwise, not to say disastrous,
adventure.

I agree completely with the passage from Danckwerts LJ, but in applying that
principle, I think that the comment from the dissenting judgment of Sellers LJ
ought to be considered as well. It will be noted that _Neushul_ concerned a
trickster’s deception of a mature woman, leading her to mortgage her home and
losing a large sum of money to him. Mrs Neushul’s solicitor was found to have
breached his duty of care as solicitor to the woman for his professional
services in the mortgage transaction. Sellers LJ was of the opinion (at 419)
that:

If a woman of 47 thought that she could gain a husband and security by
mortgaging her house up to the hilt, [I] was concerned to inquire what ground,
human or professional, a man could be said to be required to deter her, if
indeed deterrence had been possible. It was an encroachment on personal
independence.

In the present case, I find that the first plaintiff entered into the
Agreement on the terms it did because it was hopeful that the reputable Ban
Hin Leong group would not fall to bankruptcy. That faith was held by Seow Soon
Yong and was good enough for the plaintiffs. A businessman’s intuition for
profit does not differ very much from a 47-year-old woman’s intuition for
security – generally reliable, occasionally disastrous. And it would be the
businessman, not the solicitor, who has to make the call once proper advice
had been rendered, as I so find in this case.

12 The above expectation, or belief as the plaintiffs pleaded, that the
Agreement would ensure a good title to the 23rd floor cannot give rise to a
cause of action whether in contract or in tort unless the defendants as the
plaintiffs’ solicitors had by their act or omission reasonably led the latter
to form that belief. It is unusual for any solicitor to give such a warranty
as this. If this was an exceptional case, evidence must be adduced to provide
the necessary and essential details. The evidence did not support any such
detail or cause. In the absence of such evidence, the contract itself became
an important document because the knowledge and intention of the parties and
the solicitors’ work could be understood from what it had provided. Clause 7.5
of the Agreement provided in explicit terms as follows:

The parties acknowledge that the Bank has a paramount mortgage (the “Paramount
Mortgage”) over the Springleaf Tower development, including the Floor, and
[Springleaves] hereby agrees and undertakes to [the first plaintiff] that
[Springleaves] shall procure that the Bank shall release its mortgage over the
Floor on or before the Agreed Date.

The meaning in the above passage quoted was clear: it meant that the
plaintiffs were not going to get a clean title until OUB had released the
mortgage, and that the duty of getting OUB to do that lay with Springleaves.
So, on the wording of the Agreement, the plaintiffs could not be assured that
the terms of the Agreement itself would be sufficient to ensure that the
second plaintiff obtained an unencumbered title to the 23rd floor. Neither
could it be inferred that a reasonable man in Seow Soon Yong’s situation would
have understood cl 7.5 in any other way.

13 Seow Soon Yong’s evidence comprised different ways of saying that the
defendants as the legal advisors knew what the plaintiffs wanted and ought to
have ensured that when the first plaintiff’s work was completed (which it was)
it would obtain an unencumbered title to the 23rd floor. In its most direct
form, the witness’s point was that as the client, the plaintiffs were not
concerned with the legal niceties, they were only interested in getting the
23rd floor; the defendants were engaged to do just that – get them the 23rd
floor. The following particulars at paras 47.6 and 48.6 of the statement of
claim exemplified the point:

Failing to draft the necessary documentation such that the paramount mortgage
over the 23rd floor would be discharged upon completion of the work by the
First Plaintiff [.]

The plaintiffs cannot succeed on this point without showing that they had
given specific instructions to the defendants that the plaintiffs would be
given an unencumbered 23rd floor when the first plaintiff had completed its
work, and that the first and second defendants understood those instructions
and advised that that would be so. The evidence showed that the case was far
from being so simple. Given the account of the circumstances, the true nature
of the plaintiffs’ grievance and claim was, as Seow Soon Yong said under
cross-examination, that he (Seow Soon Yong) would not have agreed to sign the
Agreement had he been advised that the bank would not have released the
mortgage. The words were not entirely clear, but I take them to mean that if
the defendants had advised him that the bank would not have discharged the
mortgage he would not have approved and signed the Agreement with
Springleaves. Distilling the evidence, I think it fair to summarise Seow Soon
Yong’s evidence as follows, namely, that the defendants had a legal duty not
only to tell him that the bank had a paramount mortgage over the property and
unless that was discharged, his company was not going to get a clean title to
the 23rd floor, but also that they (the defendants) had further, ought to have
advised him that it was so unlikely an event, because Springleaves could not
pay the bank, that the plaintiffs were best advised not to execute the
Agreement on those terms.

14 The above presupposes two facts. First that that was indeed the plaintiffs’
allegation of negligence and breach of contract in their pleadings; and
secondly, that the defendants knew that Springleaves could not pay the bank.
On the first point, it will be seen that the neither the evidence of Seow Soon
Yong nor that of any other witness supported the 13 particulars of breach of
duty in para 47 (which were identical to the particulars of negligence under
para 48) of the statement of claim. I find that the evidence was congruous
with the pleadings.

15 However, on the assumption that the evidence was sufficiently within the
matters pleaded, the question remained as to whether the defendants owed a
duty to their clients to warn them not to execute the Agreement because OUB
was not likely to release the mortgage. A strong argument might have been made
out had it been proved that the defendants knew that OUB was not likely to do
so. A fact as specific as that ought to be asserted and proved, but it was
not. The inability of the developer to pay was the main, if not the only,
reason that OUB would not release the mortgage. But the defendants had stated
and advised the first plaintiff explicitly in their letter of 26 January 1999
that they did not know Springleaves’ financial situation. They went further
and advised that since it was difficult to verify if Springleaves was
financially able to pay OUB, the first plaintiff ought to obtain a director’s
statutory declaration of financial solvency, and a personal guarantee from the
directors of Springleaves. Furthermore, in the circumstances prevailing at the
time, without a settlement agreement to take care of the payments due from
Tuan Kai, the Yongnam group might have accumulated a huge deficit in its
balance sheet that could jeopardise its listing effort. Seow Soon Yong was
then in constant contact with Richard Lim of Ban Hin Leong, and, was confident
that Ban Hin Leong could not afford to let Tuan Kai or Springleaves become
insolvent. According to the first defendant, Seow Soon Yong was confident that
Ban Hin Leong would ultimately bail everyone out. There was one other factor
that was relevant in the understanding of the plaintiffs’ conduct; and that
was the discounted price that Springleaves agreed to let the second plaintiff
acquire the 23rd floor. It will be recalled that OUB wanted to maintain the
market price at $1,300 per square foot. Under the Agreement, the parties
agreed to fix the price between themselves at $1,050 per square foot. The
evidence also showed that this special deal was not to be made known to OUB.
The relevance of this was that if Ban Hin Leong would eventually keep
Springleaves from collapsing financially, and OUB was able to maintain the
market price at $1,300 per square foot, the plaintiffs would have made a huge
gain. I am thus of the view that Seow Soon Yong believed that the balance of
probabilities laid in the plaintiffs’ favour so that he did not heed the
advice of the first defendant to check out Springleaves’ financial status, or
else get a personal guarantee from its directors. Seow Soon Yong might not be
faulted for finding the financial prospects too tempting, but it was wrong to
hold the plaintiffs’ solicitors responsible for the adverse outcome on the
evidence that I have heard and the documents that were drawn to my attention
in the trial.

16 For the reasons above, the plaintiffs’ claim is dismissed. Costs to follow
the event and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

