Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Comptroller of Income Tax v IA  
[2006] SGCA 24

Case Number | : | CA 4/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J; V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liu Hern Kuan and David Lim (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the appellant; Loo Lian Ee, Stacy Choong and Seah Ching Ling (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Comptroller of Income Tax — IA   
  
Revenue Law – Income taxation – Deduction – Whether borrowing expenses,
prepayment penalties, guarantee expenses incurred by taxpayer in connection
with repayment of loan for developing property deductible against taxpayer's
taxable income for certain years of assessment under s 14(1) Income Tax Act –
Whether expenses capital or revenue in nature – Applicable tests for
determining nature of expenses – Section 14(1) Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004
Rev Ed)  
  

3 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 It is a notorious and unfortunate fact that the distinction (in tax law)
between the concept of capital on the one hand and that of revenue on the
other is often elusive and even illusory. Even on the most promising of
occasions, there are tremendous difficulties of _application_. This case is,
unfortunately, no exception.

2 Indeed, it has often been stated that the difficulties referred to in the
preceding paragraph arise precisely because it is all an issue of application.
In other words, everything depends on the facts. This is true to some extent
but it is, in our view, too facile a position to take without more (see also
[65]–[66] below). The law must surely embody guiding principles that are both
its lifeblood and hence its essence. The difficulty in discovering and/or
stating these principles is no excuse for abandoning the search for them. The
law is not – and cannot be – a mere agglomeration of disparate facts lost in
the legal desert. To this end, we attempt, in the present proceedings, to both
search for as well as state the relevant legal principles that are rooted in
both logic as well as justice and fairness.

3 The factual matrix in the present proceedings was a straightforward one.

4 IA (“the respondent”) was incorporated as a property development company
with a paid-up capital of $77,111,750. It purchased a parcel of land (“the
Land”) for development into a condominium project (“the Condo Project”) for
sale. The total purchase and development costs of the Land and the Condo
Project amounted to approximately $403m.

5 The respondent had obtained a loan of $113m from a syndicate of banks (“the
Syndicated Loan”). The agreement for the Syndicated Loan expressly provided
(at cl 1.08 and sched 8 of the agreement) that the loan proceeds could only be
used to finance the purchase price of the Land and the development costs of
the Condo Project and the Syndicated Loan was so used. The Syndicated Loan was
to be repaid 48 months from the date of the first drawdown of the land loan
component or 30 June 1997, whichever was earlier, but there was provision to
allow for early repayment.

6 As at 30 September 1994, the respondent had sufficient revenue receipts from
progress payments made by purchasers of the apartments in the Condo Project to
repay the entire outstanding amount under the Syndicated Loan. To withdraw the
sum which was quarantined in the Project Account for the Condo Project (“the
Project Account”) as required under the Housing Developers (Project Account)
Rules (Cap 130, R 2, 1997 Rev Ed), the respondent had to furnish a bank
guarantee for an amount equivalent to the amount to be withdrawn to the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”). The respondent incurred the following
expenses in obtaining the bank guarantees (“the Guarantee Expenses”):

  
(a) |  Aggregate bank commission for three years  
(based on the interest rate of 0.875%) |  $2,605,750.00  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Aggregate agency fees for three years  
(based on the interest rate of 0.125%) |  $ 383,100.00  
(c) |  Solicitors’ fees and disbursements |  $ 9,933.15  
|  |  _$2,998,783.15_  
  
7 For repaying the Syndicated Loan on a date earlier than the next interest
payment date, the respondent also incurred a prepayment penalty amounting to
$15,570 (“the Prepayment Penalty”).

8 The respondent also incurred the following borrowing expenses in connection
with the Syndicated Loan (“the Borrowing Expenses”):

(a) |  Underwriting fee (based on 0.875% of $113m) payable to Citicorp Investment Bank (Singapore) Limited (“Citicorp”) which acted as the arranger of the Syndicated Loan |  $ 988,750  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Agency fee payable to Citicorp as the agent for the syndicate of lenders |  $ 10,000  
(c) |  Facility fee (based on 0.125% of $113m) payable to Citicorp upon signing of the Syndicated Loan |  $ 141,250  
(d) |  Solicitor’s fees and disbursements in connection with the Syndicated Loan |  $ 98,946  
(e) |  Property Valuer’s fees for valuation of the Land and the Condo Project as required under the Syndicated Loan |  $ 23,914  
|  |  _$1,262,860_  
  
9 The Comptroller of Income Tax (“the CIT”) does not dispute that the interest
payable under the Syndicated Loan is deductible against the respondent’s
taxable income under s 14(1)(_a_) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“ITA”). The issue in the present proceedings is whether (a) the Borrowing
Expenses, (b) the Prepayment Penalty and (c) the Guarantee Expenses
(collectively, “the Relevant Expenses”) incurred by the respondent are revenue
expenses and deductible against the respondent’s taxable income for certain
years of assessment, _ie,_ 1998 and 1999, under ss 14(1) and 15(1)(_c_) of the
ITA.

10 Section 14(1)(_a_) of the ITA reads as follows:

(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the income of any person for any period
from any source chargeable with tax under this Act (referred to in this Part
as the income), there shall be deducted all outgoings and expenses wholly and
exclusively incurred during that period by that person in the production of
the income, including —

(_a_) except as provided in this section, any sum payable by way of interest
upon any money borrowed by that person where the Comptroller is satisfied that
the interest was payable on capital employed in acquiring the income; …

11 Section 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA reads as follows:

(1) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, for the purpose of
ascertaining the income of any person, no deduction shall be allowed in
respect of —

…

(_c_) any capital withdrawn or any sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital except as provided in section 14 (1) (_h_); …

12 The CIT disallowed the respondent’s claims as he took the view that the
Relevant Expenses were capital in nature and therefore were not deductible.
The respondent appealed to the Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”), which
dismissed the respondent’s appeals.

13 The respondent appealed to the High Court. Woo Bih Li J (“the judge”) found
that it was not disputed before the Board that the Syndicated Loan was
incurred in the production of income (see generally _IA v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [2006] 1 SLR 821 (“GD”)). The judge found in favour of the
respondent as he was of the view that the Borrowing Expenses and Prepayment
Penalty were “wholly and exclusively” incurred in acquiring the income under s
14(1) of the ITA. The judge further held that s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA did not
prohibit the deduction of the Borrowing Expenses and the Prepayment Penalty
from the respondent’s taxable income.

14 In relation to the Guarantee Expenses, the judge was of the view that while
there was, strictly speaking, no second loan, the bank guarantees amounted to
a refinancing which enabled the release of funds to pay the Syndicated Loan.
Since the Syndicated Loan was incurred in the production of income, the judge
held that it thereby followed that the Guarantee Expenses were deductible
under s 14(1) of the ITA.

**The nature of the syndicated loan**

**_Introduction_**

15 In the court below, it was not disputed between the parties that the
Syndicated Loan was incurred in the production of income as the Syndicated
Loan was used to acquire trading stock and that, therefore, the Borrowing
Expenses and the Prepayment Penalty were “wholly and exclusively incurred” in
acquiring the income under s 14(1) of the ITA. The only remaining issue before
the judge, therefore, was simply whether the Borrowing Expenses and the
Prepayment Penalty were prohibited from deduction under s 15(1)(c) of the ITA.
However, the judge, following the Singapore High Court decision of _T Ltd v
Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2005] 4 SLR 285, held that s 15(1)(_c_) did not
even apply in the first instance as that particular provision applied to the
principal loan only and, hence, was not even potentially applicable (in the
context of the present proceedings) to the Relevant Expenses. However, we note
that the High Court’s decision on the interpretation of s 15(1)(_c_) of the
ITA has since been reversed by the Court of Appeal in _T Ltd v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [2006] 2 SLR 618 (“the _T Ltd_ case”). The Court of Appeal held
(at [20]) that:

A plain reading of s 15(1)(_c_) does not compel us to exclude interest
expenditure from its scope. The said provision applies to all capital
expenditure. Interest in respect of a capital purpose is capital expenditure
and is therefore incurred as a “sum employed or intended to be employed as
capital” within the meaning of s 15(1)(_c_).

The court held, _inter alia_ , that interest was not invariably of a revenue
nature. It was _derivative_ in nature and owed its existence to the loan:
Hence, its nature was dependent on the nature of the loan which was dependent
(in turn) on the _purpose_ of the loan itself. This is an important _general_
principle, to which we shall have recourse in the present proceedings albeit
in a somewhat different context. The crucial point to note for the present is
that the Court of Appeal in the _T Ltd_ case held that there was, in
principle, no reason why interest payments could not, depending on the
_purpose_ of the _loan_ to which they were related, be _capital_ in nature –
having decided (as just noted) that there was _no blanket_ rule that interest
payments would _always_ be revenue in nature.

16 The _T Ltd_ case, in our view, settles the Singapore position _vis-à-vis_ s
15(1)(_c_), and there is no need to add to the well-reasoned judgment in that
case, which was based on _first principles_ – an approach that is particularly
important in the context of tax cases, which are (by their very nature) apt to
be rather technical in nature to begin with. It is therefore essential to cut
through, as it were, the thicket of unnecessary complexity, and focusing on
first principles appears to us to be the best approach to adopt. Indeed, this
is the general approach which we adopt in the present appeal as well. It is
also pertinent to note that one of the principal authorities relied upon by
this court in the _T Ltd_ case will also figure prominently in this particular
appeal, _viz_ , the Hong Kong Privy Council decision of _Wharf Properties Ltd
v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ (1997) MSTC 11,025 (“the _Wharf Properties_
case”). This is not surprising in view of the fact that the central inquiry in
both the _T Ltd_ case and the present case is the same – the attempt to
distinguish capital from revenue, utilising the concept of _purpose_ as a
principal legal tool.

17 Returning to the facts of the present proceedings, and having regard to the
decision of the Court of Appeal in the _T Ltd_ case, s 15(1)(_c_) is a
potential issue which requires our decision _unless_ it is proved that the
Relevant Expenses are not capital expenditure and so will not be disallowed
from being deducted from the respondent’s taxable income by virtue of s
15(1)(_c_) in any event. Hence, it is eminently logical to commence with a
consideration of what we perceive to be the main issue in the present
proceedings, _viz_ , whether or not the Relevant Expenses are capital or
revenue in nature. One would have thought that this would not be an issue,
given the appellant’s concession (noted above) to the effect that the
Syndicated Loan was in fact used to acquire _trading stock_. However, for
reasons that will appear clear in a moment, this particular issue has become
very much a live one in the present appeal.

18 It would, at this juncture, be useful to set out the judge’s finding in
relation to the nature of the Syndicated Loan in full. At [89] of the GD, the
judge opined thus:

The stated and true purpose of the Syndicated Loan was to acquire the Land and
also to pay for part of the development costs. The loan was used as such. As I
mentioned at the outset, CIT had accepted before the Board, and initially
before me as well, that the Land and the apartments were part of IA’s trading
stock. Therefore, it was not open to the Board to treat the Land as something
else other than trading stock. The loan was an integral part of the profit-
earning activities of IA. The Land was acquired not as an enduring asset to be
kept in IA’s possession but to be sold as part of common property with the
apartments.

19 Indeed, it was part of the agreed statement of facts between the parties
that the land and apartments were part of the respondent’s trading stock.
Paragraph 3 of the agreed statement of facts states as follows:

The [Land] and subsequently the buildings and units constructed thereon in
connection with the [Condo Project] were recorded as “Property under
Development” or “Development Properties” in the [respondent’s] accounts and
they formed part of the [respondent’s] trading stock. The [respondent] has
consistently treated all sale proceeds it received from the sale of units in
the [Condo Project] as part of its trading gains and has declared them for
income tax as such.

**_Which test is to be applied?_**

_The arguments by counsel_

20 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Liu Hern Kuan, was candid and admitted that
the appellant accepted (based on its conduct of the case in the court below
and as noted above) the fact that the Syndicated Loan was intended to enable
the respondent to purchase the land concerned as _trading stock_ for the
_purposes of developing the Condo Project_ _for sale (as opposed to capital
investment by, say, retention for rental purposes) as well as to finance the
development costs of the said Condo Project (again, for sale)_. This is, in
our view, a crucial fact simply because it means that the main transaction
obviously had the character of a revenue (as opposed to a capital)
transaction. This was why Mr Liu was compelled to argue that the _purpose_ of
the respondent in entering into the Syndicated Loan arrangement was
_irrelevant_. In essence, his argument in this appeal was that because this
arrangement resulted, _in fact_ , in an addition to the capital structure of
the company, the expenses associated therewith must be in the nature of
capital instead of revenue and were, hence, not deductible.

21 Mr Liu argued, instead, that the test ought to be whether the loan was a
temporary and fluctuating one. If it was, then it had the character of a
revenue transaction; if not, then it necessarily followed that it had the
character of a capital transaction. Although Mr Liu also referred to other
features such as the size of the loan and restrictions imposed by the lender
on how the loan moneys could be used to determine the nature of the loan, for
ease of reference, we will refer to this particular test or approach advocated
by Mr Liu as the “temporary and fluctuating test”.

22 At this juncture, the approach adopted by the appellant could have been
quite different if it had not made the concession to the effect that the
_purpose_ of the respondent taxpayer in entering into the Syndicated Loan
arrangement was in the nature of a revenue instead of a capital transaction.
As this point was, in the nature of things, not argued before us, we do not
wish to elaborate on it in detail – save for the observation that if a less
broadbrush and more nuanced approach had been taken towards the precise
elements or parts that constituted the Syndicated Loan arrangement, some of
those elements or parts might possibly have been argued to have been in the
nature of capital as opposed to revenue. This is an observation to which we
shall return briefly below, but only for the purposes of elucidating the
general principles that might apply to future cases involving similar issues
such as those in the present proceedings.

23 Counsel for the respondent, Ms Loo Lian Ee, on the other hand, argued that
the _purpose_ of the respondent in entering into the Syndicated Loan
arrangement was _crucial_. Her argument ran along the following lines. The
“purpose test” adopted by the judge was the correct one. Applying that
particular test, it was clear that the purpose of the respondent in entering
into the Syndicated Loan was to purchase the land concerned as _trading
stock_. This constituted a transaction in the nature of revenue, instead of
capital. Hence, it followed that the expenses (in particular, the borrowing
expenses) were also in the nature of revenue and not capital and were
therefore deductible.

24 Hence, one key question which arose in the present proceedings was this:
which test is to be preferred? In other words, is the “purpose test” advocated
by the respondent to be preferred to the “temporary and fluctuating test”
advocated by the appellant – or _vice versa_? Or are the tests, on occasion at
least, consistent with each other? In order to answer these questions, it
would be appropriate to turn to the main authorities cited by both Mr Liu and
Ms Loo.

25 The first key decision is that of the House of Lords in _Beauchamp
(Inspector of Taxes) v FW Woolworth plc_ [1989] STC 510 (“ _Beauchamp_ ’s
case”). Before proceeding to consider the decision of the House, we turn,
first, to the decision at first instance before Hoffmann J (as he then was).
We observe at this juncture that the decision of the Court of Appeal
(comprising Sir Nicholas Brown-Wilkinson VC, Nourse and Stuart-Smith L JJ)
will not be considered as it did not really deal with the substantive issues
as such, holding that, taking the case as a whole, it found it impossible to
say that the facts found by the Special Commissioners were such that no person
acting judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have
come to the conclusion that the loans concerned were revenue transactions as
opposed to accretions to capital and therefore reversed the decision of
Hoffmann J (see generally _Beauchamp (HM Inspector of Taxes) v FW Woolworth
plc_ [1988] STC 714).

26 In _Beauchamp (Inspector of Taxes) v FW Woolworth plc_ [1987] STC 279,
Hoffmann J held (as we have noted above) that the loan concerned was in fact a
sufficiently permanent addition to the taxpayer company’s funds as to be
regarded as capital.

27 The facts of this case were straightforward. In 1971, the taxpayer raised a
loan of 50m Swiss francs repayable in five years’ time or earlier at its
option, subject to a premium for early repayment. The taxpayer converted the
Swiss francs into pound sterling. In 1976, the taxpayer purchased 50m Swiss
francs and repaid the loan. In 1972, the taxpayer entered into a second
(similar) transaction and borrowed a further 50m Swiss francs and also
converted them into pound sterling. In so far as this latter transaction was
concerned, in 1977, the taxpayer purchased and repaid this loan as well.
However, the taxpayer had, with respect to both these transactions, incurred a
currency loss as a result of a fall in the value of pound sterling in relation
to Swiss currency. This loss was in the region of £11.4m. The taxpayer sought
to deduct this loss from the profits of the retail trade it carried on during
the period of the loans. The issue that faced the court was a simple one. If
the loans (totalling 100m Swiss francs) were revenue transactions, the
currency exchange loss just noted would be deductible in computing the profits
of the taxpayer’s trade. If, on the other hand, the loans were capital
transactions, then such currency exchange loss would not be deductible from
profits as the loss would be a capital (as opposed to a revenue) loss.

28 An important feature of _Beauchamp_ ’s case, in our view, is this: The
loans, according to its finance director, were required by the taxpayer as it
([26] _supra_ at 283):

[R]equired _increased working capital_ for _a great variety of reasons_. The
need for finance would largely depend upon the fluctuation of cash balances,
which in turn depended upon the state of trading and stock levels. _The
taxpayer company was, for example, engaged in an extensive modernisation
programme involving the repair, refurbishing and enlargement of premises._ It
was intended to finance this programme and the taxpayer company’s other
requirements out of the cash flow generated by the taxpayer company’s normal
trading activities. _The inadequacy of the cash flow was largely caused by
faulty stock control_. [emphasis added]

29 In point of fact, therefore, the taxpayer in _Beauchamp_ ’s case was in
fact free not only to utilise the funds from the loans for _any_ one of
several purposes _but had also_ intended at least part of these funds to be
utilised for what were essentially _capital_ purposes. This is an extremely
important point which distinguishes, in our view, _Beauchamp_ ’s case from the
present.

30 To return to the facts and the various holdings in _Beauchamp_ ’s case, the
Special Commissioners found in favour of the taxpayer. However, Hoffmann J
reversed this decision on appeal. The Court of Appeal, in turn, reversed
Hoffmann J’s decision. Ultimately, however, the House of Lords restored the
decision by Hoffmann J.

31 In the circumstances, therefore, it is profitable, in our view, to review
briefly the reasons for Hoffmann J’s decision as well, although the focus will
of course be on the decision of the House of Lords.

32 By way of brief background to Hoffmann J’s decision, the Special
Commissioners found that the purpose of the taxpayer in taking out the subject
loans was not to add permanently to its capital structure but was, rather, an
attempt to tide itself over in the short term as it had a cash shortage. It
also found that there was very little prospect of the taxpayer being able to
obtain permission to pay off the loans earlier. Its summary is instructive
([26] _supra_ at 292):

To summarise, we find the loans to have been loans arranged to tide the
taxpayer company over a short-term problem namely the failure of the taxpayer
company’s _trading activities to generate_ a sufficient cash flow to cover the
taxpayer company’s _commitments and_ day to day needs. We find that more
efficient stock control and better trading results were expected within a
short time to solve the problem. [emphasis added]

33 This last-mentioned point is also confirmed by Hoffmann J himself, where
the learned judge states thus ([26] _supra_ at 293):

The money was raised because the taxpayer company needed additional cash for
its business. The _purposes_ for which cash was required _included both
revenue items_ , like financing stock, _and capital items_ , like enlarging
shops. [emphasis added]

34 However, Hoffmann J disagreed with the _decision_ of the Special
Commissioners. The learned judge was of the view that “[n]o one can describe a
loan for a fixed term of five years as a mere temporary accommodation” and
that “[t]he amount and the term were fixed, and the loan was for a substantial
period” (see _ibid_). What, then, about the possibility of _early repayment_?
In this regard, Hoffmann J was of the view (see _ibid_) that:

I do not think it matters that the taxpayer company was entitled to make
earlier repayment if it was willing to pay a capital premium. _In practice_ it
was _not contemplated that the Bank of England would allow payment to be made
much earlier than the five-year term of the loan_. [emphasis added]

35  With respect, the learned judge was not really addressing the important
issue of the possibility of early repayment. This is because the factor
centring on a fixed term would be undermined. And this is not an unimportant
point simply because, as we shall see, the House of Lords also focused on the
importance of the loan being for a fixed term.

36 The following crucial passages from Hoffmann J’s judgment also bear quoting
([26] _supra_ at 295–296):

The terms of the loans [in the case] are in my judgment sufficient to make it
clear that they constitute additions to the capital employed by the taxpayer
company, and it does not matter whether they were intended to be employed in
the making of payments of a revenue or of a capital nature. In this case
evidence on that question would be of little help _because it is clear from
the evidence before the commissioners and the documents to which I have
referred that the money was not intended to be used, and nor was it actually
used, specifically for purposes of one character or the other. It was simply
an addition to the taxpayer company’s general funds_. It _follows_ that there
are in my judgment _no relevant factors pointing to the borrowing being a
revenue receipt which can displace the inference to be drawn from the terms
upon which the money was actually borrowed_.

…

In deciding whether a loan is on revenue or capital account there can be no
question of examining the nature of the asset or advantage gained by the
company: _it is always the same, namely, money._ The _only question_ is
whether _the terms of repayment or the circumstances in which it is likely to
be repaid (or the use to which it is put may throw some light)_ make it
appropriate to treat the money as a sufficiently permanent addition to the
company’s funds to be regarded as capital, and both the authorities and the
practice of the accountants seem to me to show that the loans in this case
unquestionably came within that description.

[emphasis added]

37 It is clear (and this is a point we have already stressed in this judgment)
that, _unlike_ the present case, the loans in _Beauchamp_ ’s case were
intended for _general_ use. Indeed, there was ample evidence that part of the
loans was intended for a _capital_ use. That the loans were intended for
general use did weigh heavily with Hoffmann J is evidenced in the passage from
his judgment which we have just quoted. Indeed, if the funds from a loan can
be utilised for _any_ purpose, then the concept of purpose, in our view,
_does_ become immaterial or irrelevant. This is because something that can be
used for anything is not only uninformative but is also (and more importantly)
clearly marked out for one purpose _only_ – it is _part of the general capital
funding or structure of the taxpayer_. At this point, it is true that there
is, literally speaking, a purpose. However, in the nature of things, there is
no need for the court to ascertain the specific purpose as such. The court can
simply assume what is already obvious – that there is no real specific
purpose, with the funds from the loan concerned being available for any
purpose and, as such, constituting part of the _capital structure_ of the
company. This, we reiterate, is clearly _not_ the situation on the facts of
the present appeal.

38 It is also clear that, even if we accept that a loan for a fixed term is an
accretion to the capital structure of the taxpayer company without more, this
was _not_ the situation here. The respondent in the present proceedings
desired to – and did – repay the Syndicated Loan earlier, once sufficient
funds had come in from purchasers of the units in the Condo Project. In
contrast, in _Beauchamp_ ’s case, it was clear that although the loans could
have been repaid earlier, early repayment was, owing to the existing
circumstances, unlikely.

39 It is also important to note that Hoffmann J did _not_ eschew the context
and (more importantly) the _purpose_ of the loans in _Beauchamp_ ’s case. This
is particularly evident from the second paragraph quoted at [36] above. We are
of the view that Hoffmann J went no further than emphasising that the inquiry
is, in the final analysis, an _objective_ one. In other words, whilst the
_avowed_ purpose for the taking of a loan will be accorded due consideration
by the court, the _purely subjective_ assertions by the taxpayer are _not
conclusive_. If, in other words, the _objective facts_ tell a different story,
the court is then free to disregard such assertions (reference may be made, in
this regard, to the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ceylon) of _Lily Harriet Ram Iswera v Commissioner of Inland Revenue_
[1965] 1 WLR 663 at 668). But does this mean that, at this point, the court no
longer has regard to the _purpose_ behind the loan concerned? We are of the
view that nothing could be further from the truth. What would have transpired
at this point is simply the fact that the _purpose_ of the loan has been
ascertained by the court having regard to the _objective facts_ that, in the
circumstances, _differ and contradict_ the _purely subjective_ intentions
which have been raised by the taxpayer concerned.

40 However, in fairness to Mr Liu, our analysis of _Beauchamp_ ’s case cannot
stop simply at Hoffmann J’s decision – although Mr Liu himself also relied
heavily upon it. Put simply, is there anything in the decision of _the House
of Lords_ that contradicts the analysis that we have just set out?

41 Turning, then, to the House of Lords decision in _Beauchamp_ ’s case, only
one substantive judgment was in fact delivered (and in which the remaining law
lords concurred). This was the judgment by Lord Templeman. In the interests of
clarity (including clarity of analysis), we set out, first, a key passage in
the judgment of the learned law lord, as follows ([25] _supra_ at 514):

The temporary and fluctuating borrowings incurred in transacting business are
revenue transactions. On the other hand, a trading company which borrows
unconditionally a fixed amount for a definite period may use the money
generally for the purposes of its business or for any other purpose authorised
by its constitution, and even when the money is employed in the business, the
money may be laid out on income expenditure or capital expenditure. The
taxpayer company could do as it pleased with 100m borrowed Swiss francs,
provided that the application of the money was intra vires the objects of the
taxpayer company. The commissioners found as a fact that the taxpayer company
intended to use the 100m Swiss francs to overcome a difficulty which was hoped
to be of short duration and which was caused by the fact that stocks were high
and trade depressed. _But there was nothing to stop the taxpayer company
spending the whole or part of the money on capital items, and indeed part was
spent on capital items_. For my part, I do not attach any importance in the
present circumstances to the intentions of the taxpayer company or to the
actual use made of the money in the present circumstances. The 100m Swiss
francs, worth some £10m, were available to the taxpayer company as additional
capital. [emphasis added]

42 The passage just quoted speaks for itself. It is even more explicit than
the corresponding parts of Hoffmann J’s judgment (parts of which are also
cited by Lord Templeman (at 518–519)). More importantly, it supports the
analysis we have set out above in no uncertain terms. We reiterate that the
situation which obtains in the present appeal is _wholly distinguishable_ from
that which existed in _Beauchamp_ ’s case. Put simply, _Beauchamp_ ’s case has
no relevance to the present proceedings. This is not to state that we reject,
without qualification, the holdings in _Beauchamp_ ’s case. That would be
beyond our present remit. We will decide that issue when an appropriate case
arises for the decision of this court.

43 It is true that the last portion of Lord Templeman’s judgment quoted above
appears to support Mr Liu’s argument that the _purpose_ of the loan is
immaterial. Indeed, the following passage from a later part of the law lord’s
judgment also appears to support Mr Liu’s argument ([25] _supra_ at 515):

The _authorities_ do _not_ support the proposition that a borrowing of a
_definite sum_ _for a fixed term of five years_ can be an _income_
transaction. [emphasis added]

44 There is another similar passage ([25] _supra_ at 517):

Counsel for the taxpayer company submitted that an asset or advantage which
only endured for five years was not enduring, although a loan which endured
for 10 years would be sufficiently enduring. But when a taxpayer borrows money
for five years, he obtains _an asset or advantage_ which _endures for five
years_ and the _authorities_ show that such a loan _increases the capital_ of
the taxpayer for that period. A loan is only a _revenue_ transaction _if_ it
is _part of the ordinary day to day incidence of carrying on the business_.
[emphasis added]

45 However, it is our view that these isolated passages cannot be wrenched
from the context of both the judgment as well as the factual matrix concerned.
When these passages are viewed in their proper context in the manner which we
have sought to explicate above, it will be seen that _Beauchamp_ ’s case does
_not_ stand for the _inflexible and blanket_ proposition advanced by Mr Liu in
the present appeal to the effect that purpose is _never_ relevant in
ascertaining whether or not a loan is a revenue or a capital transaction.
Indeed, the last-mentioned passage quoted (at [44] above) is itself ambiguous.
On one reading, it could be argued that the passage does refer to the
_purpose_ of the loan and that, if the funds are borrowed for the purpose of
the day-to-day running of the business, it is a revenue transaction. That is
in fact the case in the present proceedings. In this regard, one might also
note the following observations by Lord Templeman ([25] _supra_ at 518) are in
fact consistent with the point just made:

A loan is not an ‘ordinary incident of marketing’ unless, as the _authorities_
show, the loan is temporary and fluctuating _and_ is incurred _in meeting the
ordinary running expenses of the business_.

In their stated case, the Special Commissioners … said—

… the issue we have to decide is whether the borrowing took place in such
circumstances that the borrowed monies are to be regarded as an addition to
the taxpayer company’s capital resources or whether the borrowing formed part
of the day to day activities in the earning of profits in the business.

In my opinion, that question only permitted one answer: the borrowing itself
did not form part of _the day to day activities of the taxpayer in earning
profits_.

[emphasis added]

46  We also note that Lord Templeman referred to the various _authorities_. In
our view, it is unnecessary to delve into these decisions in any detail,
simply because the focus ought to be (and indeed has been) on the facts and
holdings in _Beauchamp_ ’s case itself. It will therefore suffice for the
purposes of the present proceedings to mention in the briefest of fashions
some of the more significant decisions.

47 In the House of Lords decision of _Farmer (Surveyor of Taxes) v Scottish
North American Trust, Limited_ [1912] AC 118, for example, although the House
of Lords did refer to the temporary and fluctuating manner in which the moneys
concerned were borrowed, the focus was really on the fact that the purpose of
the loans was centred on revenue (as opposed to capital) purposes. Again, the
purpose for which the loans concerned were taken was, in our view, the focus
of the English High Court decision of _Ascot Gas Water Heaters, Ltd v Duff (HM
Inspector of Taxes)_ (1942) 24 TC 171. And, in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _The European Investment Trust Company, Limited v Jackson (HM
Inspector of Taxes)_ (1932) 18 TC 1, Finlay J (at first instance, and whose
decision was affirmed on appeal) did refer to the concept of temporary
accommodation. However, the learned judge also referred (at 12) to the
(contrasting) situation where there is an accretion to the capital structure
of the company, inasmuch as the taxpayer obtains “sums which are used as
capital _and nothing else_ ” [emphasis added]. In short, there is nothing in
these (and other decisions cited in _Beauchamp_ ’s case) that detracts from
the fundamental proposition that the purpose of the loan concerned is of
paramount importance.

48 It is clear, therefore, that the facts in _Beauchamp_ ’s case are not only
distinguishable from those which obtain in the present proceedings but also
that a close analysis of that case demonstrates that it does _not_ stand for
the _inflexible and blanket_ proposition advanced by the appellant in the
present proceedings to the effect that the purpose of the loan is immaterial
when ascertaining whether or not the loan concerned is a revenue or a capital
transaction.

49  We turn now to the other main decision that figured prominently in the
arguments of both counsel in the present proceedings: the _Wharf Properties_
case ([16] _supra_). That decision – by the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council hearing an appeal from the Hong Kong Court of Appeal – decided that
the _purpose_ of the loan was important. Interestingly, the decision of the
Privy Council was delivered by _Lord Hoffmann_ , now a member of the House of
Lords.

50 In the _Wharf Properties_ case, the taxpayer was a Hong Kong property
development company which entered into a contract to purchase an old tramway
depot at Causeway Bay with a view to redeveloping it. The depot was in fact
ultimately redeveloped into a commercial complex known as Times Square. In
order to finance this project, the taxpayer borrowed the necessary funds from
various banks and financial institutions. The various loans were for short
periods, ranging from a week to a month, but were always renewed. The issue
before the Privy Council was whether or not the taxpayer was entitled to
deduct the interest payments made in relation to these loans.

51 The Privy Council held that the acquisition of the tramway depot and
holding it pending its conversion by redevelopment into an income-earning
capital asset was made for a capital purpose and that the payments of interest
were therefore also made for a capital purpose. The key concept in the _Wharf
Properties_ case was that relating to _purpose_. Indeed, the reference to the
concept of purpose is both repeated and (more importantly) central. Agreeing
with Litton VP’s view, which was laid down at the (Hong Kong) Court of Appeal
stage, the Privy Council stated (at 11,028) that:

[T]here is no other way in which the nature of the interest payment can be
discovered. The immediate consideration for each payment of interest is, of
course, the use of money during the period in respect of which the interest
has been paid, _but since money is no more than a medium of exchange which may
be expended for either capital or revenue purposes, the question can be
answered only by ascertaining the purpose for which the loan was required
during the relevant period._ [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made in this regard to the Transvaal Provisional
Division decision of _Commissioner for Inland Revenue v General Motors SA
(Pty) Ltd_ (1981) 43 SATC 249 at 254 (_per_ McCreath J, with whom Irving Steyn
and Le Grange JJ concurred).

52 Lord Hoffmann in the _Wharf Properties_ case (at 11,028–11,029) did in fact
also deal with _Beauchamp_ ’s case. He did not consider the case to be
relevant because:

It [_Beauchamp’s_ case] is directed to a different question namely whether the
sum borrowed constitutes an addition to the company’s capital or is a revenue
_receipt_. In other words, it looks at the nature of the _loan_ in the hands
of the recipient rather than the question of whether a payment of interest is
a capital or revenue expense. It is unusual for a loan of money to constitute
a revenue receipt but this can be the case if borrowing money is “part of the
ordinary day to day incidence of carrying on the business” (Lord  _Templeman_
in _Beauchamp_ … ) which may be the case in businesses of banking, financing
or otherwise dealing in money … **_Ordinarily_** , however, a loan to **_a
trading company, whatever the purpose for which it is intended to be used,
will be an addition to that company’s capital_**. Mr Gardiner [counsel for the
taxpayer company] did submit that the **_shortness of the successive terms
of_** the loans in this case was enough to make them revenue receipts, **_but
their Lordships do not agree. The borrowing did not form part of the company’s
trading activities._** While it or a replacement loan remained in place, it
was an addition to Wharf’s [_viz_ , the taxpayer company’s] capital.

Thus, while the question of whether money is intended to be used for a capital
or revenue purpose is **_inconclusive_** as to whether its **_receipt_** is a
revenue receipt or an addition to the company’s capital, the **_purpose of the
loan during the period for which the interest payment was made is critical_**
to whether it counts as a capital **_or_** revenue **_expense_**. In the
present case, during the whole of the two years in question, the loan was
clearly being applied for the purpose of acquiring and creating a capital
asset rather than holding it as an income-producing investment. It follows
that the interest was being expended for a capital purpose.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

53 With respect, the distinction just drawn between receipt and expenditure is
somewhat artificial. As we have already argued, the stronger distinction lies
in _the precise purpose_ for which the loan was taken and that, _in itself_ ,
furnishes the requisite criterion as well as justification for drawing the
line between a transaction in the nature of capital on the one hand and one in
the nature of revenue on the other. There is in fact a hint that such an
approach ought to be adopted in the very judgment of Lord Hoffmann himself in
the _Wharf Properties_ case, where the learned law lord observed thus ([16]
_supra_ at 11,029):

In cases like _Beauchamp v. FW Woolworth plc_ , where the borrowings are for
the _general_ purposes of the company _and_ are _spent_ on _both_ capital
_and_ revenue account, it will be _much more difficult to say_ whether a given
interest payment is an expenditure of a capital or revenue nature. [emphasis
added]

54 Unfortunately, however, Lord Hoffmann then immediately proceeded to observe
further, as follows (see _ibid_):

But this question did not arise in the _Beauchamp_ case and there is no such
difficulty in this one. Their Lordships think that in the present case a true
and fair view of the taxpayer’s transactions required the interest to be
treated as an expense of the development.

55 With respect, it is unfortunate that the Privy Council, in the _Wharf
Properties_ case, did not distinguish _Beauchamp_ ’s case in a more
satisfactory fashion. To the extent, however, that we are constrained to
choose between both decisions without more, we would respectfully decline to
follow _Beauchamp_ ’s case. However, as we have emphasised, we do not think
that we need to go so far. In our view, an application of the “purpose test”
to the facts of _Beauchamp_ ’s case would have yielded the _same result_ as
that arrived at by both Hoffmann J as well as the House of Lords. Further, the
decision in the _Wharf Properties_ case does in fact support our view
(expressed below) that the “purpose test” is not only relevant but is also to
be accorded primacy.

56 We note, further, that support for our view is to be found in the Eleventh
Cumulative Supplement by Michael Sherry of one of the foremost treatises in
the field, Peter G Whiteman _et al_ , _Whiteman on Income Tax_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2001), as follows (at para 7-58):

Whether or not a facility is, in a given case, “fluctuating and temporary,” is
surely a question of fact. However, Lord Templeman went further: “The
authorities do not support the proposition that a borrowing of a definite sum
for a fixed term of five years can be an income transaction.” … While it may
very well be the case that a five-year facility will be revenue in nature only
in the rarest of circumstances and that the loans under consideration could
not be so described by any reasonable body of Commissioners, _it is submitted
that these last dicta go too far. Surely the question of whether or not a
transaction is on income or capital account depends upon its circumstances and
it must be possible that in the myriad of complex transactions that take place
in the commercial world one will arise where as a matter of commercial reality
a five-year term loan is on revenue account. To hold, as Lord Templeman has
effectively done, that as a matter of law, such a loan is always on capital
account is, it is submitted, to burden our jurisprudence with an unnecessary
rule._ [emphasis added]

57 Finally, it must also be reiterated that the taxpayer in the present
proceedings entered into the Syndicated Loan in order to acquire _trading
stock_.

58 The principle that loans used to acquire trading stock are regarded as
revenue in nature is derived from the Australian Federal Court decision of
_Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Hunter Douglas Limited_ (1983) 83 ATC
4,562. Lockhart J explained as follows (at 4,576):

Borrowing money to carry on business must prima facie be treated as augmenting
the capital employed in the business. Borrowings by finance companies to then
lend to their customers, and borrowings by trading companies to finance the
purchase of trading stock, are exceptions to this general rule. Such
borrowings are an integral part of the ordinary conduct of the company’s
business and are thus revenue, not capital, items. … Moneys borrowed by a
trading company for the purpose of financing the purchase of trading stock are
borrowed with a view to disposal of the stock at a profit. They are in each
case part of the company’s circulating capital.

59 Mr Liu submitted that the trading stock exception is unique to the
Australian tax regime, which has a distinct statutory regime for trading
stock. However, we note that the _Singapore Master Tax Guide Manual_ (CCH Tax
eds) (1989, 2001 release) also refers to expenditure on trading stock as being
deductible and an English case is cited for this proposition. This particular
work states (at p 2803, para 1010):

(d) _Expenditure relating to fixed capital_ — if the expenditure relates to
circulating capital, ie stock in trade, it will rank for deduction. It will
not if it relates to fixed capital, ie fixed assets. The distinction between
fixed and circulating capital is that fixed capital is what the owner turns to
profit by keeping it in his possession; circulating capital is capital which
is turned over, and in the process of being turned over, yields profit or loss
(_John Smith & Sons v Moore_ 12 TC 266).

_Our decision – the primacy of the “purpose test” and the concept of
complementarity_

60 Looking closely at the abovementioned decisions, both parties had, with
respect, therefore missed the point in presenting a picture of irreconcilable
difference between these two tests (_viz_ , the “purpose test” and the
“temporary and fluctuating test”, respectively). The present proceedings
raised, in our view, not the question as to which test was to be preferred
but, rather, how the tests can be reconciled with each other and which was to
have primacy, especially in a situation of direct conflict. We hasten to add
that, on our analysis of the leading cases above (especially _Beauchamp_ ’s
case), we find nothing in those cases that detracts from such an approach.

61 Admittedly, both these tests are not the same. However, they are not
incompatible with each other. Indeed, in our view, they _complement_ each
other, although primacy must be given to the “purpose test”. This would be, _a
fortiori_ , the case in situations of conflict between the “purpose test” and
the “temporary and fluctuating test”. As we shall see, the “temporary and
fluctuating test” is, arguably, itself ambiguous. Let us elaborate.

62 It is our view that the “purpose test” is of the first importance inasmuch
as given the significant difficulties in distinguishing revenue from capital
transactions as stated at the outset of this judgment, this particular test
provides an eminently appropriate starting-point for any inquiry of this
nature. In other words, the _purpose_ of the _taxpayer_ in entering into the
transaction (here, loan) concerned must surely be of vital importance. Put
simply, did the taxpayer intend to enter into a transaction having the
character of revenue _or_ did it, instead, intend to enter into a transaction
having the character of capital? As alluded to in [39] above, however, the
purely subjective assertions by the taxpayers are not conclusive and the court
will not be oblivious to the objective facts if they tell a different story.

63 Notwithstanding this, it remains the case that without taking into account
the purpose of the taxpayer in entering into the transaction in question (a
position argued for forcefully by Mr Liu), we would necessarily enter into the
rarefied and abstract sphere which wholly disables us from ascertaining
whether or not the transaction has the character of revenue or of capital.

64 The corollary of any approach that disregards the purpose of the loan is
that, in the specific context of _loans_ , _all_ loans – and the accompanying
expenses – would _almost never_ be considered to be _revenue_ transactions for
the very simple reason that, _without_ taking into account the purpose of the
taxpayer in entering into the transaction concerned, _any and all funds from
any loan_ would _clearly amount to an addition or accretion to the capital
structure of the taxpayer_. However, such an approach – advocated by Mr Liu –
is both _excessively literal as well as too blunt and sweeping_. More
importantly, it is inconsistent with _legal principle_ which looks _not
merely_ at a _factual_ approach but, rather, one which can be justified on a
_normative_ level as well.

65 However, might it not be argued that the “purpose test” is, in a sense,
circular? We suggest that such an argument is misconceived inasmuch as the
purpose of the transaction concerned (here, the Syndicated Loan) cannot be
divorced from its context – in particular, its factual context. This is why
the distinction between capital and revenue has often been described as being
a factual inquiry. However, it will not do, in our view, to simply leave it at
that. It is an abdication of judicial responsibility to merely state that “it
all depends on the facts” when it is possible to furnish some further (if only
rough) guidelines. As Choo Han Teck J put it in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Nova Leisure Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC
168 at [6]–[7]:

In construing a contractual document the only immutable principle is that the
court should extract such meaning from the words that the parties had chosen
to reflect their intention at the time of the contract. It is wrong to give to
the words a meaning that counsel thinks the words ought to mean, or even what
the court thinks they ought to mean. Semantic interpretation is very often a
very difficult exercise. What the words say and what the parties mean by the
words they say may not be the same thing. … One great fundamental in the
application of the law is consistency because consistency is the alloy of
predictability. In this regard, the courts ought to consistently adopt the
approach that the meaning to be given to written words must first be that as
appears from the text. The context becomes an aide in interpretation only if
the words are vague or ambiguous, and only to the extent that a reasonable
application of the context would easily bring out the meaning intended by both
sides.

_For the above reason the phrase “itall depends on the facts of the case” can
so easily become the anthem of inconsistency. The phrase has such a magical
ring to it. It seems that whenever this incantation is made the court is at
liberty to do as it pleases – because ‘there is no case like the present’.
That is the temptation we must all resist._

[emphasis added]

66 Although the words italicised in the above quotation were espoused in a
slightly different context, the _general principle_ contained therein is
germane to the point we have made in the preceding paragraph. In the
circumstances, we proceed to attempt to furnish a couple of rough guidelines
that are not only of assistance to the present court but which may also be of
some assistance to courts in future cases relating to a similar type of
transaction and/or set of facts. And we hope to demonstrate, in the process,
that the “temporary and fluctuating test” does, on occasion at least, have a
role to play in complementing the all-important “purpose test”.

67 One guideline – in so far as the present (and specific) context of _loans_
are concerned – is to ascertain whether or not there is _a sufficient
relationship or linkage between the loan in question and the main transaction
or project for which the loan has (ostensibly, at least) been taken_. If there
is no, or an insufficient, linkage, then it must be assumed that the sole
purpose of the loan is to augment or add to the capital structure of the
taxpayer. If so, then the loan itself must be of a capital nature. A clear
illustration of a situation where there is no linkage to the main transaction
is where the taxpayer takes out the loan without stipulating what it is to be
used for.

68 On the other hand, if there is a linkage, such linkage _must_ nevertheless
be _sufficient_. This is undoubtedly a question of fact and (we might add)
commonsense. For the avoidance of doubt, however, we are of the view that a
sufficient linkage would clearly be present if the evidence demonstrates that
the loan was taken in order to finance the main transaction or project.
Indeed, this would be the position in the standard situation.

69 If it is ascertained that there is a sufficient relationship or linkage in
the manner set out in the preceding two paragraphs, then the next question to
ask is whether or not the main transaction or project _itself_ is of a capital
nature or of a revenue nature. This constitutes, in effect, the second (and
closely related) guideline. If the project itself is of a _capital_ nature,
then it must follow (given the satisfaction of the requirement of linkage)
that the _loan_ linked to it _cannot_ _possibly_ be of a revenue nature. This
is because the funds from the loan would, _ex hypothesi_ , be _intended to_
augment or add to the _capital structure_ of the taxpayer, _given the
(capital) nature of the project itself_. Put simply, these funds would be
_sunk into_ the taxpayer’s capital structure when viewed from the _long-term
perspective._ If, on the other hand, the loan is linked to a project which is
of a _revenue_ nature, the _converse_ result would ensue inasmuch as the loan
would be of a revenue nature as well.

70 We are of the view that, at this particular juncture, the “temporary and
fluctuating test” could be usefully introduced or employed. We have, in mind,
in particular, the use of this test in demonstrating the _absence_ of a _link_
between the loan and the main transaction. For example, in the present
proceedings, the _broadbrush_ approach which we alluded to above (at [22])
might, as we have mentioned, have been substituted with a more nuanced
examination of the _precise elements_ _and purposes_ of the Syndicated Loan
itself. Certain of these elements or parts might, for instance, have been
proved (through, _inter alia_ , an interpretation of the material terms of the
loan concerned) to have been intended for some _other_ purpose _unrelated to_
the main transaction _and_ which actually adds to the _capital_ structure of
the taxpayer itself (in which case _those_ elements or parts would _not_ be
“temporary and fluctuating” and therefore would be of the character of
_capital_). In contrast, where the elements or parts of the loan have been
proved to have been intended for a purpose _related to_ the main transaction,
the _latter_ of which is _revenue_ in nature, then those elements or parts
would (conversely) be of the character of _revenue_. It therefore follows
that, where, as here, the appellant has _admitted_ that the purpose of the
Syndicated Loan itself was to acquire trading stock, it follows, _a fortiori_
, that it (the loan) is _revenue_ in nature. If so, the “temporary and
fluctuating test” is, in effect, redundant because, by virtue of the
appellant’s admission, the linkage between the Syndicated Loan and the main
transaction (centring, here, on the Condo Project) has, _ex hypothesi_ , been
established. If, however, there had been no such admission, the “temporary and
fluctuating test” might well have been significant in enabling the parties
such as the appellant in the present proceedings to demonstrate that _at least
part_ of the loan might _not_ have _a linkage_ to _the main transaction_ in
the first instance. In particular, if it could be proved that part of, or even
the entire, loan was intended to be a long-term one, then either that part of,
or the entire, loan (as the case may be) would be capital in nature.

71 Nevertheless, the “temporary and fluctuating test” is by no means
conclusive and might even conflict with the “purpose test”. As we have already
mentioned, where there is a situation of conflict, the latter must prevail
over the former. In our view, however, such situations of conflict will, in
practical terms, be rare _if a linkage_ between the loan and the main
transaction is established. To elaborate, if the main transaction is found to
be in the nature of capital, then, the linkage between that transaction and
loan having been established, the nature of the loan will necessarily be in
the nature of capital as well. The same reasoning would apply if the main
transaction is found to be in the nature of revenue instead. In other words,
the nature of the loan will necessarily be in the nature of revenue as well.
At this juncture, it would appear to us that the issue as to whether or not
the loan itself is “temporary and fluctuating” depends, in the final analysis,
on whether _the main transaction_ is “temporary and fluctuating”. In other
words, _the nature of the main transaction_ _is all-important_ _as the loan
takes its character from it_. If, however, the main transaction is _unrelated_
to the loan, then the loan itself must (as we have already pointed out above)
_necessarily_ be _capital_ in nature since there would (to reiterate) be no
other point to the loan except to add to the capital structure of the
taxpayer. On the other hand, if there _is_ a linkage between the main
transaction and the loan, then in order to ascertain whether or not the _loan_
is temporary and fluctuating, _the court must look at the nature of the main
transaction_. In other words, it is, in our view, a _misnomer_ to apply the
“temporary and fluctuating test” in the context only of the _loan_ when such a
test ought logically to be applied to _the main transaction instead_ – for the
main transaction _underlies_ the loan. If it does not, then there is of course
no connection between the two and (as already mentioned) this means that the
loan must necessarily be capital in nature.

72 The view that we have adopted in the preceding paragraph is both logical
and fair. The rationale underlying the “temporary and fluctuating test”, as
applied to the _loan_ , suffers from a number of difficulties.

73 One cannot conclude that a loan is a capital loan simply because the size
of the loan was larger than the company’s capital. If the appellant’s
contention is correct, how much larger must the Syndicated Loan be in relation
to the shareholder’s contributed capital of the respondent before it can be
considered to be a capital loan?

74 Similarly, we are not convinced by the appellant’s argument that the
Syndicated Loan was a capital loan because it was a term loan. The lack of
temporariness or recurrence of a loan cannot be determinative factors as to
whether it is revenue or capital in nature. As the judge rightly questioned at
[82] of his judgment:

Would that then mean that if [the respondent] had managed to structure the
Syndicated Loan for a much shorter duration but on a renewal basis, that would
make a difference? I do not think the result should rest on such a foundation.

75 Given the difficulties just enunciated, might it be less confusing to adopt
a _broader version_ of the “temporary and fluctuating test” by applying it
_not_ to the nature of _the loan_ as such but, _rather_ , to the nature of
_the main transaction instead_ – bearing in mind that the _linkage_ (if any)
between the loan and the main transaction must _also_ be considered?
Nevertheless, it is clear, in our view, that this was _not_ what Mr Liu meant
when he advocated the adoption of the “temporary and fluctuating test”. His
focus was very _specific_ ; it was centred on _the loan transaction only_. In
the circumstances, therefore, the qualities of “temporary and fluctuating”
applied _specifically_ to the terms of _the loan_ and the context surrounding
it. On the contrary, the _broader_ conception of the concept of the “temporary
and fluctuating test” which we have suggested involves taking into account
contexts and surrounding circumstances _other than_ those of the loan itself.
This would include, and very importantly at that, the context and
circumstances surrounding the _main transaction_ as well. In this way, the
“temporary and fluctuating test” is _not_ confined to the terms of the loan
and its surrounding context and circumstances but takes on, rather, the _much
broader distinction that inheres between capital on the one hand and revenue
on the other_ – _hence_ , the focus on the _main transaction_ rather than
merely the loan transaction. _Put another way, the “temporary and fluctuating
test”_ in its _broader incarnation simply distinguishes between revenue (which
is, by nature, temporary and fluctuating) and capital (which is, by nature,
permanent)._ We _also_ note that, in the nature of things, the adoption of the
_broader_ “temporary and fluctuating test” _necessarily_ involves ascertaining
(simultaneously) the _purpose_ behind the _main transaction_ as well.

76 We have to acknowledge that there may be good reasons in principle and
logic why Mr Liu adopted the approach he did. In a sense, to utilise the
“temporary and fluctuating test” in such a _broad_ fashion (with, _inter alia_
, direct – and even conclusive – reference to the _main transaction_) is _not
practically helpful_ , at least for the most part. This is because if, as
pointed out in the preceding paragraph, the _practical effect or impact_ is to
_reiterate the basic distinction between revenue and capital without more,_
then it is (ironically) of _little, if any, practical use simply because we
must (in the nature of things)_ have regard to _the particular facts_ at hand.
In other words, _this_ particular version of the “temporary and fluctuating
test” would be _too broad to be practically useful_. One would have, instead,
to look closely at the _facts_ concerned instead – which is necessary in any
inquiry in any event.

77 If, _however_ , we are to adopt a _narrower_ _version_ of the “temporary
and fluctuating test” (as advocated by Mr Liu), then it would be accompanied
by the _various problems set out briefly above_ (at [73]–[74]). Looked at in
this light, applying the “temporary and fluctuating test” to _the main
transaction_ _instead_ might make for less confusion.

78 However, _regardless of_ which version of the “temporary and fluctuating
test” is applied, a consideration of the _main transaction_ (in particular,
its linkage – or absence of linkage – to the loan) is necessary. _This is the
practical reality or substance of the process itself_. In adopting such an
approach, we go further and extend the reasoning in the _Wharf Properties_
case, although it is our view that this approach was at least implicitly
adopted in that case inasmuch as the court must (whether consciously or
otherwise) necessarily have had regard to the purpose of the _main
transaction_ in order to arrive at the nature of the loan and, hence, the
nature of the interest associated with that particular loan.

79 To _summarise_ the approach we have set out above:

(a) One should first ascertain the _purpose_ of the taxpayer in entering into
_the loan_ – _ie_ , whether it was for the purposes of revenue _or_ for the
purposes of capital. In order to ascertain such a purpose, a reasoned approach
would include the relevant steps in (b) to (d) below.

(b) One ought to ascertain, _first_ , whether a sufficient linkage or
relationship exists between the loan and the main transaction or project for
which the loan was taken.

(c) If, in (b) above, no, or an insufficient, linkage is established, the
purpose of the loan must, _ex hypothesi_ , be merely to add to the capital
structure of the taxpayer and is therefore capital in nature. In this regard,
it may in fact be proved that _only some of the elements_ of the loan do _not_
have a linkage to the main transaction, and _one main (if not conclusive)
indicator_ of this _absence of a linkage_ is that those particular elements or
parts of the loan are _not_ temporary and fluctuating in nature but are,
instead, of a permanent (and therefore _capital_) nature (at this stage, one
is applying the _narrower_ _version_ of the “temporary and fluctuating test”
suggested by Mr Liu). One should note that this narrower version of the
“temporary and fluctuating test” is fraught with potential practical problems.

(d) On the other hand, if in (b) above, a sufficient linkage is established,
one must then (and _secondly_) proceed to ascertain whether the _main
transaction_ is of a capital or of a revenue nature (at this stage, one is
applying the _broader version_ of the “temporary and fluctuating test”). If it
is of a capital nature, then (given the linkage to the loan) the loan is also
of a capital nature. If, on the other hand, the main transaction is of a
revenue nature, then (once again, given the linkage to the loan) the loan is
also of a revenue nature. In the nature of things, the process outlined here
_necessarily_ involves a consideration of the _purpose_ of the _main
transaction_ _and_ is also _factual_ in nature.

80 Let us now _apply_ the principles just summarised to the facts in the
present proceedings.

81 First, what was the _purpose_ of the taxpayer in entering into the
Syndicated Loan? This is where the _concession_ by the appellant becomes
_critical_ in the context of the _present proceedings_. The appellant, having
_admitted_ that the Syndicated Loan was incurred in the production of income
as the Syndicated Loan was used to acquire trading stock (_ie_ , the Land) for
the purposes _of developing the Condo Project_ _for sale (as opposed to
capital investment by, say, retention for rental purposes) as well as to
finance the development costs of the said Condo Project (again, for sale)_ ,
it was clear that the _loan concerned_ (_viz_ , the Syndicated Loan) had the
character of revenue, and not capital. In other words, there was no need to
even go beyond step (a) in [79] above.

82 However, _even if_ no concession or admission was forthcoming from the
appellant, the same result would obtain. In particular, it is our view that
there was a sufficient linkage or relationship between the Syndicated Loan and
the main transaction (which was to develop the Condo Project). This much was
clear from the very terms of the Syndicated Loan itself.

83 There having been established a sufficient linkage between the Syndicated
Loan and the main transaction, the issue next arises as to whether or not the
_main transaction_ is of a capital or of a revenue nature (applying the
_broader version_ of the “temporary and fluctuating test”). As we have already
noted, the main transaction related to the development of the Condo Project
_for sale_ (as opposed to retention for investment). Although the distinction
between capital and revenue is (as we have also noted) not always a clear one,
it is plain that, on the facts of the present proceedings, the main
transaction was of a _revenue_ nature. In the circumstances, therefore, _the
Syndicated Loan_ , being linked directly to the main transaction, would _also_
be of a _revenue_ nature.

84 A few more general observations that arise from the facts in the present
proceedings might be in order.

85 It seems to us that the appellant, as we have alluded to above, might have
adopted too sweeping an approach in assuming that the _entire_ loan was
intended to finance the development of the Condo project. Put another way, to
the extent that a part of the Syndicated Loan did _not_ involve the
development of the Condo Project, it was – to _that_ extent – part of capital,
as opposed to revenue. This is indeed a point that the CIT might wish to
consider in future situations of this nature. But this would, as we have
already mentioned, entail a detailed examination of the terms and conditions
of the loan itself. _However_ , having admitted that the _entire_ funds from
the Syndicated Loan in the present proceedings were utilised for the purposes
of developing the Condo Project, the appellant _cannot_ now argue that a part
(or parts) of this loan were capital (as opposed to revenue) in nature. This
was why the appellant sought to argue that the “purpose test” was irrelevant.
With respect, we find such an approach somewhat disingenuous because _the
appellant itself_ was, in _substance_ at least, _applying the “purpose test”
as well_ but, _because of its admission_ , _attempted to argue simultaneously
that the purpose was irrelevant_. However, as we have already pointed out,
acceptance of the appellant’s approach would result in at least two
undesirable consequences.

86 The first is that _conceptual and practical confusion_ would be introduced
as a result. As we have endeavoured to explain above, there is no inherent
contradiction between the “purpose test” and the “temporary and fluctuation
test” which are, on the contrary, best utilised in a _complementary_ fashion.
Indeed, the _very facts_ in the present proceedings demonstrate that these
tests ought to be utilised in a complementary fashion. Most significantly, we
have arrived at the conclusion that the Syndicated Loan _was_ _temporary and
fluctuating_ in nature and that, even on the appellant’s suggested approach,
the respondent taxpayer must succeed. Indeed, the _temporary and fluctuating_
nature of _the Syndicated Loan_ _supports_ the finding (accepted by _both_
parties) to the effect that the purpose behind the Syndicated Loan was of a
_revenue_ (and not a capital) nature. Indeed, the _symmetry of reasoning and
findings_ on the facts of the present proceedings themselves illustrate the
_complementarity_ of _both_ tests, which is the central proposition of law we
have already endorsed above.

87 The second undesirable consequence if the appellant is correct has already
been mentioned above but, because of its enormous significance if accepted,
bears repeating. And it is that if the “purpose test” were irrelevant, then
_every loan_ would, _ex hypothesi_ , be (in point of _fact_) an addition or
accretion to capital. This is far too broad and sweeping, as well as blunt, an
approach to adopt. Indeed, on the facts of cases such as those in the present
proceedings, such an argument is even counter-intuitive.

88 However, as we have also pointed out above, if some refinement in approach
is necessary, it must lie in the examination of the terms and conditions of
the relevant loan agreement itself in order to ascertain whether _all or only
a part_ of that loan was intended to be of a revenue nature – and _vice
versa_. This would, in turn, entail ascertaining whether or not all or only a
part of the loan concerned is temporary and fluctuating in nature, regard
necessarily being had to the relevant factual matrix itself.

89 It is clear, however, that, on the facts of the present proceedings, the
_entire_ Syndicated Loan was intended to be of a temporary and fluctuating
nature, consistent with the purpose for which it was entered into, _viz_ , to
help finance a project that was _itself_ of a revenue nature.

90 It is important, in our view, to emphasise that _the relevant time_ for
ascertaining whether or not a loan is in the nature of revenue or in the
nature of capital is _at the time it was entered into_. We state this because,
in a worst case scenario, and taking the facts of the present proceedings by
way of illustration, it could _in fact_ turn out that _few, or even none_ , of
the units in the Condo Project were sold. In that event, and in order to
mitigate its losses, the respondent taxpayer might have resorted to _renting_
out these units. Would this then constitute evidence that the Condo Project as
well as loan were in the nature of capital instead of revenue? The simple
answer to this is that hindsight is 20/20 vision. We are concerned here with
points of principle. And, in principle, the relevant time of inquiry is the
time at which the loan was entered into (see also _per_ Lord Wilberforce in
the House of Lords decision of _Simmons v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1980]
1 WLR 1196 at 1199).

91 We do wish to emphasise, however, that the point made in the preceding
paragraph is not one that is writ in stone. In other words, if it could be
proved that there had been a clear change in purpose from a revenue one to a
capital one (and _vice versa_), a different result might obtain. This is
obviously a question of fact (see, for example, the English High Court
decision of _West v Phillips (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ (1958) 38 TC 203 and the
Hong Kong Court of Appeal decision of _Commissioner of Inland Revenue v
Richfield International Land and Investment Co Ltd_ [1989] 1 HKLR 125)
(affirmed by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in _Richfield
International Land and Investment Co Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioner_ [1989]
STC 820). Indeed, where a dual purpose is present, this might pose further
difficulties for the court and where (presumably) the predominant or principal
purpose would be fundamental (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Kirkham v Williams (Inspector of Taxes)_ [1991] 1 WLR 863).
However, there was clearly _no_ change in the purpose in so far as the facts
of the present proceedings are concerned.

92 Having concluded that the Syndicated Loan is revenue in nature, we now
proceed to consider whether the Relevant Expenses are deductible under the
ITA.

**Whether the relevant expenses are deductible under the ITA**

93 A threshold requirement for an expense to be deductible is that it must
have been incurred after the relevant business has commenced: see s 14(1)
(reproduced above at [10]). This is merely a corollary of the fact that tax is
payable only “for whatever period of time [a] trade, business, profession or
vocation may have been carried on or exercised”: see s 10(1)(_a_) of the ITA.
Thus, income tax is imposed – and expenditure deductible – only after business
has commenced. Once this threshold is met, a two-tier test of deductibility
kicks in. At the first tier, an expense is _prima facie_ deductible if it
comes within the general deduction formula under s 14(1) or if it is otherwise
specifically authorised pursuant to, _inter alia_ , ss 14(1)(_a_)–14(1)(_h_).
At the second tier, these inclusionary provisions are subject to the
exclusionary clauses contained in s 15(1), which enumerate expenses that are
specifically disallowed as deductions. An expense is deducted only if it falls
within the inclusionary provisions _and_ outside the exclusionary provisions.

94 Before the Board, it was not disputed that the Borrowing Expenses and
Prepayment Penalty were “wholly and exclusively incurred” in acquiring the
income under s 14(1) of the ITA. This was the basis upon which the judge found
that the Borrowing Expenses and Prepayment Penalty were deductible expenses.

95 The appellant argued, however, that the payment of the Prepayment Penalty
was not “wholly and exclusively incurred in the production of income” as the
condominium units could have been developed by the respondent without
incurring the Prepayment Penalty. In relation to the Guarantee Expenses, the
appellant also argued that the Guarantee Expenses could not be directly linked
to the Syndicated Loan because of the extra step involved of withdrawing the
moneys first from the Project Account before the repayment of the Syndicated
Loan. The appellant also contended that while the Prepayment Penalty and
Guarantee Expenses permitted the respondent to obtain substantial interest
savings, this related to the respondent’s financing structure and could hardly
be said to have led to the production of income.

96 In support of their arguments, the appellant cited the Canadian Privy
Council decision of _Montreal Coke and Manufacturing Company v Minister of
National Revenue_ [1944] AC 126 (“the _Montreal Coke_ case”). In the court
below, the judge did not consider this case in examining whether the
Prepayment Penalty was a deductible expense but in relation to whether the
Guarantee Expenses were deductible under the ITA. The judge observed (see GD
at [112]):

In _Montreal Coke_ , the taxpayer had financed its business by money borrowed
from the public on interest-bearing bonds. The principal and interest were
payable at the bond-holders’ option in US dollars. Owing to market conditions,
the taxpayer decided to redeem the bonds and to issue new bonds at lower rates
and less onerous conditions. The exercise incurred expenses which included a
premature payment premium, an exchange premium as the existing bondholders
elected to be paid in US dollars, commission to underwriters, interest on
overlapping periods, and legal and printing expenses. The question was whether
such expenses were deductible from income. The Privy Council decided they were
not. Lord Macmillan said [at [1944] 1 All ER 743] at 746:

The question at issue turns entirely upon the terms of the Income War Tax Act,
1927. Part II of the Act, which is headed “Exemptions and Deductions,”
contains sect. 6 which has a sub-heading “Deductions from income not allowed.”
So far as relevant to the present purpose sect. 6 reads as follows:

6\. In computing the amount of the profits or gains to be assessed, a
deduction shall not be allowed in respect of (_a_) disbursements or expenses
not wholly, exclusively and necessarily laid out or expended for the purpose
of earning the income; (_b_) any outlay, loss or replacement of capital or any
payment on account of capital or any depreciation depletion or obsolescence,
except as otherwise provided in this Act.

By sect. 9 of the Act the tax is charged upon income and by sect. 3 income is
defined to mean annual net profit or gain.

It is important to attend precisely to the language of sect. 6. If the
expenditure sought to be deducted is not for the purpose of earning the
income, and wholly, exclusively and necessarily for that purpose, then it is
disallowed as a deduction. If the expenditure is a payment on account of
capital it is also disallowed. The appellants say that the outlays in question
were made wholly exclusively and necessarily for the purpose of earning income
and were not payments on account of capital. The respondent maintains the
contrary.

The justification for upholding the deductions claimed could not be more
attractively presented than it is in the judgment of RINFRET, J. (now Chief
Justice of Canada), with which TASCHEREAU, J., concurred. The judge says:

There are two ways of increasing the profits from a trade or commercial or
other calling; either by increasing the earnings while the expenses remain the
same or by decreasing the expenses while the earnings remain the same. Of
course, if the expenses diminish at the same time as the gross earnings are
increased the profits will be correspondingly larger and the proposition just
mentioned is only made more evident … In order to pay a lower interest and to
get rid of the exchange rates it was necessary to redeem the original bonds;
and therefore the expenses required to achieve that result were wholly,
exclusively and necessarily laid out or expended for the purpose of decreasing
the fixed interest and exchange charges and accordingly “for the purpose of
earning the income.”

Down to the last nine words quoted the statement of RINFRET, J., is
unexceptionable, but their Lordships are unable to accompany him in leaping
the last fence. If the statute permitted the deduction of expenditure incurred
for the purpose of increasing income the appellants might well have prevailed.
But such a criterion would have opened a very wide door. _It is obvious that
there can be many forms of expenditure designed to increase income which would
not be appropriate deductions in ascertaining annual net profit or gain._ The
statutory criterion is a much narrower one. Expenditure to be deductible must
be directly related to the earning of income. The earnings of a trader are the
product of the trading operations which he conducts. These operations involve
outgoings as well as receipts and the net profit or gain which the trader
earns is the balance of his trade receipts over his trade outgoings. It is not
the business of the appellants to engage in financial operations. The nature
of their business is sufficiently indicated by their titles. It is to these
businesses that they look for their earnings. Of course, like other business
people, they must have capital to enable them to conduct their enterprises,
but _their financial arrangements are quite distinct from the activities by
which they earn their income._ No doubt the way in which they finance their
businesses will or may reflect itself favourably or unfavourably in their
annual accounts but _expenditure incurred in relation to the financing of
their businesses is not_ in their Lordship’s opinion, _expenditure incurred in
the earning of their income_ within the statutory meaning. The statute in
sect. 5(_b_) above quoted significantly employs the expression “capital used
in the business to earn the income,” differentiating between the provision of
capital and the process of earning profits.

Section 5(b) of the relevant legislation there permits the deduction of “such
reasonable rate of interest on borrowed capital used in the business to earn
the income as the Minister in his discretion may allow”.

[emphasis added]

97 We are, however, of the view that the _Montreal Coke_ case can be
distinguished as the court there had earlier found that the original expenses
were capital in nature.

98 The requisite nexus between the “expenses incurred” and “the production of
income” under s 14(1) of the ITA was elucidated by the Singapore Court of
Appeal in _Pinetree Resort Pte Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2000] 4 SLR 1
(“ _Pinetree_ ’s case”). Chief Justice Yong Pung How held (at [47]) that:

Section 14(1) of the Income Tax Act provides that in ascertaining the income
of a taxpayer for any period, there shall be deducted all outgoings and
expenses wholly and exclusively incurred during that period by the taxpayer in
the production of income as long as these are not expressly prohibited by
other sections in the Income Tax Act. The important feature of when deductions
may be made for the purposes of this case is the fact that s 14 requires a
nexus between the incurrence of the expense and the production of income. In
determining whether this nexus is present, the business has to be looked at as
a whole set of operations directed toward producing income, in which case an
expenditure which is not capital expenditure is usually considered as having
been incurred in gaining or producing income; _W Nevill & Co v FCT_ (1937) 56
CLR 290.

99 In the Australian High Court decision of _W Nevill and Company Limited v
The Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ (1937) 56 CLR 290 (which was also cited
in _Pinetree_ ’s case, as noted in the preceding paragraph), Latham CJ stated
(at 301):

The mere reduction of expenditure, though it decreases the expenditure side of
an account, does not increase the receipts side of the same account. In my
opinion the answer to this contention is to be found in a recognition of the
fact that it is necessary, for income tax purposes, to look at a business as a
whole set of operations directed towards producing income. No expenditure,
strictly and narrowly considered, in itself actually gains or produces income.
It is an outgoing, not an incoming. Its character can be determined only in
relation to the object which the person making the expenditure has in view. If
the actual object is the conduct of the business on a profitable basis with
that due regard to economy which is essential in any well-conducted business,
then the expenditure (if not a capital expenditure) is an expenditure incurred
in gaining or producing the assessable income. If it is not a capital
expenditure it should be deducted in ascertaining the taxable income of the
taxpayer.

Indeed, a holistic view that eschews artificiality and technicality ought to
prevail (see also _per_ Rich, Dixon and McTiernan JJ at 304, 307 and 309,
respectively).

100 Applying the wider nexus test as laid down by the Court of Appeal in
_Pinetree_ ’s case, the Prepayment Penalty and Guarantee Expenses permitted
the respondent to obtain substantial interest savings thereby increasing the
respondent’s overall profitability. As such, these Expenses can be regarded as
having been incurred “in the production of income” under s 14(1) of the ITA.

101 The case authorities relied on by the judge, _Federal Commissioner of
Taxation v Marbray Nominees Pty Ltd_ (1985) 85 ATC 4,750 (“ _Marbray_ ’s
case”) and _Vodafone Cellular Ltd v Shaw_ [1997] STC 734 (“ _Vodafone_ ’s
case”) to find that the Prepayment Penalty is a deductible expense, are also
highly persuasive as both dealt with prepayment penalties.

102 In _Marbray_ ’s case, the Australian court concluded that the prepayment
penalty was revenue in nature and deductible as it found that the underlying
loan was revenue in nature.

103 In _Vodafone_ ’s case, Millett LJ, who delivered the leading judgment of
the English Court of Appeal, first examined whether or not the payments made
were of a capital or revenue nature. He observed that by cancelling the
agreement concerned, the taxpayer merely obtained a reduction in its annual
expenditure. This was not a benefit of an enduring nature in the way that
fixed capital endured. It followed therefore that it was a revenue payment.

104 Similarly, the judge in the present proceedings was of the view that the
interest savings the respondent enjoyed after securing a release from the
Syndicated Loan was not the kind of enduring benefit in the sense in which the
expression is used.

105 The issue as to whether the Guarantee Expenses created an advantage, which
is of an enduring benefit to the respondent’s business, is also determinative
of whether the Guarantee Expenses is a capital or revenue expenditure and is
therefore deductible. This test has its genesis in the House of Lords decision
of _British Insulated and Helsby Cables, Limited v Atherton_ [1926] AC 205 (“
_Atherton_ ”) at 213–214, where Viscount Cave LC observed thus:

[W]hen an expenditure is made, not only once and for all, but with a view to
bringing into existence an asset or an advantage for the enduring benefit of a
trade … there is a very good reason (in the absence of special circumstances
leading to an opposite conclusion) for treating such an expenditure as
attributable not to revenue but to capital.

106 Rowlatt J, in the English High Court decision of _Anglo Persian Oil Co,
Ltd v Dale (HM Inspector of Taxes)_ (1931) 16 TC 253 (whose decision was
affirmed by the Court of Appeal), explained (at 262) the phrase “enduring
benefit” as meaning:

[A] benefit which endures, in the way that fixed capital endures; not a
benefit that endures in the sense that for a good number of years it relieves
you of a revenue payment. It means a thing which endures in the way that fixed
capital endures. It is not always an actual asset, but it endures in the way
that getting rid of a lease or getting rid of onerous capital assets or
something of that sort as we have had in the cases, endures. I think that the
Commissioners, with great respect, have been misled by the way in which they
have taken “enduring” to mean merely something that extends over a number of
years.

What this means is that a payment may be made and be deductible as revenue
expenditure even though it provides a long term advantage to the trade. This
can be so even though the payment does not relate to anything which can be
described as a capital asset. Even where it does, a deduction may be possible.
Thus in the House of Lords decision of _Commissioners of Inland Revenue v
Carron Company_ (1968) 45 TC 18, Lord Reid said (at 68):

[M]oney spent on income account, for example on durable repairs, may often
yield an enduring advantage. In a case of this kind what matters is the nature
of the advantage for which the money was spent.

107 We accept the respondent’s argument that the payment of the Guarantee
Expenses did not bring into existence any asset or advantage for the enduring
benefit of the respondent’s trade and hence the Guarantee Expenses should be
regarded as revenue and not capital in nature. What the early repayment of the
Syndicated Loan resulted in was only “revenue benefit”, _ie_ , considerable
economy, saving in working expenses and also improved efficiency for the
respondent’s business.

108 The judge was of the view that the bank guarantees amounted to a
refinancing which enabled the release of funds to pay the Syndicated Loan.
Indeed, it is well established by cases such as _Federal Commissioner of
Taxation v JD Roberts; Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Smith_ (1992) 92 ATC
4,380 and _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Jones_ (2002) ATC 4,135 that
expenses incurred in connection with the refinancing of a revenue loan are
also revenue in nature. Further, there appears to be no reason why the
respondent’s claims for a deduction of the Guarantee Expenses should be denied
when interest expenses incurred on loans taken up to refinance earlier loans
or borrowings are possibly deductible under the IRAS Interpretation and
Practice Note 19, “Administrative Concession for Interest Incurred by
Taxpayers on Loans to Refinance Earlier Loans on Borrowings” _IRAS Compass_
(17 April 1995, 3(2)) at 4, if the refinancing is effected for genuine
commercial reasons. The judge seemed to be alluding to this point when he
opined (GD at [111]):

I do not see why the nature of the second facility should make a difference.
The main components of the Guarantee Expenses were based on interest
calculations as well.

109 Accordingly, for the reasons set out above, the Relevant Expenses incurred
by the respondent are revenue expenses and deductible against the respondent’s
taxable income under s 14(1) of the ITA.

110 Given our decision, it is unnecessary to consider any issue with respect
to s 15(1)(_c_) of the ITA as we have found that the Relevant Expenses are
revenue in nature and, hence, would not fall afoul of this provision in any
event.

**Conclusion**

111 In the circumstances, we dismiss the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

