Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd v Woh Hup (Pte) Ltd and Others  
[2006] SGHC 118

Case Number | : | Suit 98/2006, RA 124/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 July 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sean La'Brooy (Wong Partnership) for the appellant; Wong Por Luk Paul and Loh Jen Wei (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd — Woh Hup (Pte) Ltd; Shanghai Tunnel Engineering Co Ltd; NCC International Aktiebolag   
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court – Defendants to action applying for stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration – Plaintiff filing cross-application for
interim payment – Whether applications for stay and interim payment ought to
be heard together – Section 6 Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed), O 29 r 10
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

6 July 2006

Andrew Ang J:

1 The defendants/respondents were the main contractors for a Land Transport
Authority project known as “Contract 825 – Design, Construction and Completion
of Stations at Millenia, Convention Centre, Museum and Dhoby Ghaut including
tunnels” (“the project”).

2 The defendants appointed the plaintiff/appellant as earthworks subcontractor
for the project under a subcontract (“the subcontract”) evidenced, _inter
alia_ , by a letter of award dated 23 June 2002. Subsequently, by way of a
letter dated 19 February 2004, the defendants gave notice to the plaintiff of
partial termination of the subcontract.

3 The plaintiff took this to be a repudiation of the subcontract and by its
letter of 5 March 2004, accepted such repudiation without prejudice to its
right to recover damages against the defendants.

4 For the works already performed under the subcontract which remained unpaid,
the plaintiff claimed an aggregate amount of $2,560,239.52. Payment of the
same not having been made, the plaintiff issued a writ of summons against the
defendants on 24 February 2006 claiming, _inter alia_ , the said amount, loss
of profits (to be assessed) and special damages.

5 The defendants entered an appearance in the action on 3 March 2006 and on 22
March 2006 (which was the last day for filing their defence under the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) timelines), filed a summons application
(Summons No 1259 of 2006) seeking an order that proceedings in the action be
stayed in favour of arbitration pursuant to s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap
10, 2002 Rev Ed).

6 On 30 March 2006, the plaintiff filed a cross application (Summons No 1394
of 2006) for interim payment, pursuant to O 29 r 10 of the Rules of Court.
This application was fixed for hearing on 5 April 2006 together with the
defendants’ stay application.

7 On 3 April 2006, the defendants filed a summons (Summons No 1455 of 2006)
seeking, _inter alia_ , an extension of time to file and serve their affidavit
in reply to the plaintiff’s application for interim payment after the final
resolution of the stay application including all appeals originating therefrom
and also an order that the hearing of the interim payment application be
adjourned to a date after the final resolution of the stay application
including all appeals originating therefrom. In seeking such directions, the
defendants took the position that the plaintiff’s application for interim
payment should not be heard until final disposal of the stay application.

8 The assistant registrar who heard the summonses ordered, _inter alia_ :

(a) In respect of the plaintiff’s application for interim payment (Summons No
1394 of 2006), that an extension of time be granted to the defendants to file
and serve their affidavit(s), if necessary, 14 days after the final resolution
of the stay application in Summons No 1259 of 2006 (including all appeals
originating therefrom and thereafter).

(b) That the plaintiff file and serve its affidavit(s) in reply to the
defendants’ affidavit(s) in Summons No 1394 of 2006, 14 days after the service
of the defendants’ affidavit(s).

(c) The hearing of Summons No 1394 of 2006 be adjourned to a date after the
final resolution of Summons No 1259 of 2006 (including all appeals originating
therefrom and thereafter), to be fixed by the registry of the Supreme Court.

The plaintiff’s appeal before me was against these orders, its contention
being that both applications should be heard together.

9 Prior to the amendment of O 14 r 1 allowing an application for summary
judgment to be made only after a defence has been filed, the practice was to
hear an O 14 application and a stay application together. See, for example,
_Tropicon Contractors Pte Ltd v Lojan Properties Pte Ltd_ [1989] SLR 610 (“the
_Tropicon_ case”) and _Aoki Corp v Lippoland (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1995] 2 SLR
609 (“the _Aoki Corp_ case”).

10 If a contract, such as a building contract, contained an arbitration clause
and a dispute arose between the parties, the court could give judgment for a
sum indisputably due under O 14 and stay the rest of the claim for
arbitration. This followed the practice in England prior to the Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK). (The 1996 Act removed the court’s power under the
Arbitration Act 1975 (c 3) (UK) to refuse to stay legal proceedings where it
was satisfied that “there is not in fact any dispute between the parties with
regard to the matter agreed to be referred”, the purpose of such change being
to exclude the jurisdiction to give summary judgment based on an investigation
of what was in fact disputable. See _Halki Shipping Corporation v Sopex Oils
Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 726 at 750 and 762, _per_ Henry and Swinton Thomas LJJ.) In
the words of Bridge LJ in _Ellis Mechanical Services Ltd v Wates Construction
Ltd_ (1976) 2 BLR 60 (“ _Ellis v Wates_ ”) at 65:

To my mind the test to be applied in such a case is perfectly clear. The
question to be asked is: is it established beyond reasonable doubt by the
evidence before the court that at least £ _x_ is presently due from the
defendant to the plaintiff? If it is, then judgment should be given for the
plaintiff for that sum, whatever _x_ may be; and in a case where, as here,
there is an arbitration clause, the remainder in dispute should go to
arbitration. _The reason why arbitration should not be extended to cover the
area of the £x is indeed because there is no issue, or difference, referable
to arbitration in respect of that amount_. [emphasis added]

11 In _Associated Bulk Carriers Ltd v Koch Shipping Inc_ (1978) 7 BLR 22, the
English Court of Appeal, following _Ellis v Wates_ , clarified that judgment
under O 14 may only be given where, in the words of Browne LJ at 30:

[T]here is by admission, or can be by a decision of the court, a quantified
sum as to which ‘there is not in fact any dispute’.

This meant that where the defendants’ counterclaim was unquantified and
uncertain, summary judgment under O 14 could not be given. The question then
arose whether, in such circumstances, an order for interim payment under O 29
might be made if the court was satisfied that, unquantified though it was, the
counterclaim (if successful) would be for an amount less than the plaintiff’s
claim. Could not the court order that the difference be paid in the interim –
even if the dispute was to be stayed and referred to arbitration?

12 In _Imodco Ltd v Wimpey Major Projects Ltd and Taylor Woodrow International
Ltd_ (1987) 40 BLR 1 (“the _Imodco_ case”), the English Court of Appeal
answered this question in the affirmative, observing that there was nothing in
O 29 of their Rules of the Supreme Court (_in_ _pari materia_ with ours) that
precluded its application in such a case. This was a logical extension given
that summary judgment could be given for a quantified part of a claim not in
dispute before a stay order was made for the remainder in dispute to be
referred to arbitration.

13 When O 14 r 1 was amended in Singapore, it became no longer possible to
apply for summary judgment before the defence was filed. Where a stay
application was made by the defendants, this gave rise to difficulties which
were clearly brought into focus in the Court of Appeal decision in _Samsung
Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 (“ _Samsung_ ”). The
facts are set out in the headnote as follows:

The respondents (“CCR”) engaged the appellants (“Samsung”) to build a
30-storey office building. There were apparently delays in the completion of
the project. The project’s architect issued a delay certificate in favour of
CCR, which then sought payment under the certificate, relying on the temporary
finality provision under cl 31(11) of the Singapore Institute of Architects
Conditions of Contract (“the SIA contract”). Samsung entered appearance, and
applied for a stay on the ground that there was an arbitration clause in the
SIA contract.

Order 14 r 1 had recently been amended so that no application for summary
judgment (“O 14 application”) could be made until after the defence had been
filed. As such, CCR could not file an O 14 application.

Samsung’s stay application came up for hearing before an assistant registrar,
who invoked the inherent powers of the court under O 92 r 4 to allow CCR to
file its O 14 application. She ordered the stay application and the O 14
application to be heard together.

[Samsung] appealed to a judge in chambers, who held that an O 14 application
could only be made after the defence had been filed, but ordered Samsung to
file its defence with the caveat that this was not to be construed as a step
in the proceedings (“the compromise order”).

14 As explained by S Rajendran J in the court below in _Chinese Chamber Realty
Pte Ltd v Samsung Corp_ [2003] 3 SLR 656 at [2]–[4]:

2 This amendment [to O 14 r 1] brought in its wake, difficulties in relation
to obtaining summary judgments under O 14 for contracts – particularly
building contracts – which provided for disputes to be referred to
arbitration. Despite the existence of such arbitration clauses the practice
had developed for a plaintiff – such as a contractor or sub-contractor who had
not been paid progress payments due under an architect’s certificate – to
commence proceedings in the civil courts in order to obtain the benefit of a
speedy judgment under O 14. When such an action was commenced, the defendant –
if he wished the matter to be heard by the arbitrator – would apply for a stay
of proceedings on the grounds that the parties had contractually agreed to
arbitration and that arbitration was the more appropriate mode for resolving
the disputes. It was the practice – pre-December 2002 – for the O 14
application and the stay application to be heard together.

3 Under the amended O 14 provisions, however, the plaintiff would have to wait
for the defendant to file his Defence before applying for O 14 judgment, but a
defendant who wanted the dispute resolved by arbitration would not file his
Defence for fear that by so doing he would be deemed to have taken a step in
the proceedings and thereby waived his rights to arbitration. To avoid that
consequence, the defendant – as happened in this case – would have to apply
for leave that he be allowed to file his Defence only after the application
for stay had been dealt with.

4 If the court granted the defendant’s application for leave to file the
Defence after the stay application had been dealt with, the plaintiff would
not be able to apply for summary judgment under the amended O 14. The result
would be that the stay application would be heard without the O 14 application
being heard at the same time. In those circumstances, if the stay application
were granted, the plaintiff would be precluded from making an O 14
application. It is only if the stay application was refused that the
plaintiff, after the defendant had filed his Defence, could proceed to apply
for O 14 judgment.

15 The question that arose in _Samsung_ ([13]  _supra_) was whether it was
proper, in the light of the amended O 14 r 1, for the court to compel a
defendant to file his defence so as to enable the plaintiff to file an O 14
application, where the defendant had already filed an application for a stay
of the proceedings. Rajendran J ordered Samsung to file its defence (thereby
enabling the plaintiff to proceed with the O 14 application) but added a
caveat that the filing of such defence was not to be construed as a step in
the proceedings (“the compromise order”). This was reversed by the Court of
Appeal. Adopting the reasoning of Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) in _Yeoh Poh
San v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 91, the Court of Appeal held (at [25]) that
the compromise order was “inconsistent with logic and conceptually wrong”.

16 This was because, on the one hand, the order required the defendant to file
his defence despite the rule laid down in s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act (that
a defendant who applies for a stay on the ground of there being an arbitration
clause must not take any step in the proceedings) and, on the other hand, it
provided that the defence so filed would not be regarded as a step in the
proceedings for purposes of s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act.

17 The Court of Appeal went on to say that the Rules Committee must have been
aware of the practice till then of hearing the stay application together with
the O 14 application so that in amending the rules, their intention must have
been that while a stay application is pending, no O 14 application should be
made. On that basis, the court concluded that the compromise order was neither
in line with the spirit and intendment of s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act nor
with O 14 r 1.

18 In the face of _Samsung_ , it was of course not open to the plaintiff to
apply for summary judgment; presumably this was why it applied for interim
payment instead. The question before me was whether the Court of Appeal’s
reasoning in _Samsung_ similarly applied to an application for interim payment
under O 29 r 10 in the absence of any express provision therein precluding
such an application while a stay application was pending.

19 After careful consideration, I came to the view that it was not sensible to
distinguish between an O 14 r 1 application and one under O 29 r 10 in the
context of a stay application. My reasons are as follows:

(a) An application for interim payment is an application on the merits and
akin to an application for summary judgment. This is because before granting
an order for interim payment, the court has to be satisfied that the plaintiff
would obtain judgment for a substantial amount at trial (see O 29 rr 11 and
12). It was held by Browne-Wilkinson VC in _British and Commonwealth Holdings
Plc v Quadrex Holdings Inc_ [1989] QB 842 at 866 that when considering whether
to grant an order for interim payment, it was not sufficient for the court to
be of the view that the claim was likely to succeed; the court had to be
satisfied that it would succeed.

(b) If the defendant were to file affidavit(s) opposing the application for
interim payment, such affidavit(s) would necessarily have to dwell on the
merits of the claim. In so doing, the defendant would be taking a step
inconsistent with its contention that the court had no jurisdiction by reason
of the agreement to arbitrate.

(c) More importantly, so to do would constitute the taking of a step in the
proceedings prohibited by s 6(1) of the Arbitration Act which provides as
follows:

Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings in any
court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter which
is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any time
after appearance and _before delivering any pleading or taking any other step
in the proceedings_ , apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter. [emphasis added]

The phrase “taking any other step in the proceedings” has been considered many
times before by the English courts. In _Eagle Star Insurance Co Ltd v Yuval
Insurance Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 357, Lord Denning MR at 361 stated:

On those authorities, it seems to me that in order to deprive a defendant of
his recourse to arbitration a “step in the proceedings” must be one which
impliedly affirms the correctness of the proceedings and the willingness of
the defendant to go along with a determination by the Courts of law instead of
arbitration.

This passage was subsequently followed in _Kuwait Airways Corporation v Iraq
Airways Co_ [1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 276 and cited with approval by Belinda Ang
Saw Ean J in _Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building &
Civil Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 168. Although,
conceivably, an affidavit resisting the application for interim payment could
be filed with the express reservation that this was without prejudice to the
defendants’ position taken under the stay application, my own inclination is
that the filing of such an affidavit going, as it must, into the merits of
such application would be a step in the proceedings. In my view, the Court of
Appeal’s reasoning in _Samsung_ in this regard applies not only to
applications for summary judgment but also to applications for interim payment
as well. Such a holding makes for a more uniform and consistent approach.

20 The plaintiff cited the _Imodco_ case ([12] _supra_) in support of its
contention that the application for interim payment should be heard together
with the stay application and that the court was not precluded from ordering
an interim payment before staying the matter in favour of arbitration. In
their commentary prefacing the report of the case, the editors of the Building
Law Report doubted the correctness of the decision. They suggested that the
court failed to take into account the difficulty in the court subsequently
carrying out a final adjustment (which is provided for under O 29 r 17) where
the court would no longer be seised of the dispute, the same having been
referred to arbitration.

21 I further looked at the matter from the stand point of fairness. (However,
I should reiterate that in the appeal before me, I was not called upon to
consider the merits of either the stay application or that for interim
payment. The appeal concerned only the procedural issue whether the two
applications ought to be heard together.) It was argued that to delay the
hearing of an application for interim payment until after the stay application
had been finally disposed of would cause hardship to a deserving plaintiff. As
a partial answer to that, it should be noted that adjudication under s 12(1)
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B,
2006 Rev Ed) as an alternative means of obtaining interim payment is available
unless the contract was entered into on or after 1 April 2005. Besides,
although the point was not argued by counsel, I believe it is open to the
claimant to seek an interim award from the arbitrator if the matter went to
arbitration. Therefore the hardship to a claimant may perhaps not be quite as
severe as might be imagined.

22 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs to the
defendants fixed at $4,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jul 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

