Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Aspinden Holdings Ltd v Chief Assessor and Comptroller of Property Tax  
[2006] SGCA 31

Case Number | : | CA 12/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 September 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chee Fang Theng and Leon Kwong Wing (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Julia Mohamed (Inland Revenue Authority for Singapore) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Aspinden Holdings Ltd — Chief Assessor and Comptroller of Property Tax   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Chief Assessor amalgamating property
tax accounts and reducing property tax rebates – Whether discretionary power
of Chief Assessor to amalgamate accounts exercised unreasonably or improperly
– Whether presumption of regularity rebutted – Section 116 illus (e) Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Property comprising subsidiary
strata lots – Several strata lots occupied by each tenant – Whether each lot
constituting separate property for purposes of assessing annual value –
Whether Chief Assessor having power to reconfigure and amalgamate several
strata lots into one property tax account – Whether Chief Assessor having
power to regard several lots together and assess annual value as whole –
Section 2(7) Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Valuation list – Chief Assessor amalgamating
property tax accounts without authorisation from owner thereby reducing
property tax rebates – Chief Assessor seeking to amend Valuation List to
reflect amalgamation of property tax accounts – Whether Chief Assessor
entitled and having valid grounds to amend Valuation List – Sections 20(1),
20(2) Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Lot" – Whether strata lot must be separately assessed –
Section 2(7) Property Tax Act  
  

11 September 2006

Lai Siu Chiu J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal by Aspinden Holdings Limited (“the Appellant”) against
the decision of Andrew Ang J (“the judge”) holding, _inter alia_ , that the
Chief Assessor and Comptroller of Property Tax (“the Respondents”) were
entitled to amalgamate the Appellant’s property tax accounts and thereby
reduce the amount of property tax rebates which the Appellant was otherwise
entitled to (see [2006] SGHC 72). We dismissed the appeal and now set out our
reasons.

**The facts**

2 The Appellant is a Singapore-incorporated company which purchased various
strata title lots in Wisma Atria located at 435 Orchard Road, Singapore (“the
Building”). The Building had been strata-divided in 1989 and was governed by
the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”). The strata lots
were leased out to various tenants who operated retail or restaurant outlets.

3 The appeal involved the manner in which property tax was assessed for 155
lots (“the subject properties”). While the subject properties were each issued
with separate subsidiary strata certificates of title (“SSCT”), in reality,
the tenants of these properties only operated a total of 45 business units due
to the fact that some retail or restaurant outlets physically occupied two or
more strata-titled lots.

4 The present appeal arose from the Respondents’ decision on 21 November 2002
to amalgamate the property tax accounts of the subject properties. This
effectively reduced the amount of property tax rebates which the Appellant
could otherwise have enjoyed under various property tax remission orders.

5 The Appellant contended that the Respondents had erred in re-configuring and
amalgamating the property tax accounts. It argued that the Respondents ought
to have assessed each individual lot separately, in order to ensure
consistency with the language and purport of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254,
1997 Rev Ed) (“the 1997 Act”). The Appellant further alleged that the
Respondents’ act of amalgamation could not withstand scrutiny under the
principles of administrative law as the Respondents had exercised their powers
unreasonably and improperly.

6 The Valuation Review Board (“VRB”) disagreed with the Appellant and held
that the Appellant had not proved its case. In its decision, the VRB opined
that s 2(7) of the present Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“PTA”)
(previously s 2(6) of the 1997 Act) was deficient in so far as it merely
referred to the term “lot” and excluded the word “flat”. A literal
interpretation of s 2(7) thus implied that the Respondents had no power to
assess properties on an amalgamated basis. The VRB felt that this was contrary
to parliamentary intent, and therefore opted for a purposive approach to s
2(7). To this end, the VRB held that the words “flat” and “lot” were
interchangeable. This purposive reading enabled s 2(7) to cater for the
assessment of properties which occupied multiple contiguous lots, since a flat
could consist of more than one lot. Where the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle
(_ie_ , that the properties should be assessed as they stand and as they are
used) was concerned, the VRB took the view that the principle could operate
harmoniously with its purposive reading of s 2(7). The VRB opined that the
_rebus sic stantibus_ principle remained applicable in identifying the
assessable entity, as well as the “owner” who would be liable to pay property
tax. Finally, the VRB summarily rejected the Appellant’s claims that the
Valuation List had been wrongly amended and that the decision to amalgamate
the accounts was an unreasonable and improper one.

7 The decision of the VRB was upheld on appeal by the judge albeit on slightly
different grounds. The judge agreed with the VRB’s reasoning on most points.
However, he parted company with the VRB on the manner in which s 2(7) ought to
be interpreted. The judge opined that s 2(7) did not impose a blanket rule for
the individual assessment of strata lots in all cases. Instead, s 2(7) had
been introduced to address the uncertainties which arose with the introduction
of strata subdivision. Section 2(7) thus clarified the position of subsidiary
proprietors by clarifying that the annual value of a strata lot was to be
assessed as if it were a freehold estate in land.

8 The Appellant argued that the Respondents were not entitled to amalgamate
the Appellant’s property tax accounts for the following reasons:

(a)  the statutory provisions required each lot to be assessed separately;

(b)  the Respondents had misapplied the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle on the
facts;

(c)  the Respondents had no basis to amend the Valuation List; and

(d)  the Respondents had acted unreasonably or improperly by their act of
amalgamating the accounts.

9 The main issues which arose in this appeal were as follows:

(a) What was the proper assessable entity, for the purposes of determining
annual value, according to the PTA?

(b) Did the Respondents have the right to reconfigure and amalgamate several
subject properties into one property account if those properties were occupied
as a single integral unit?

(c) Had the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle been misapplied?

(d) Should the Respondents’ act of amalgamation be impugned on the basis that
they had acted improperly in doing so?

10 It would be useful at this stage to set out a chronology of relevant events
which led to the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate the lots.

July 2001 |  The government announced an off-budget relief package which included, _inter alia_ , 25% property tax rebate for commercial and industrial properties for one year with effect from 1 July 2001.  
---|---  
12 October 2001 |  The government improved the off-budget relief package to, _inter alia_ , provide for a fixed rebate of $8,000 per year for each commercial and industrial property plus a further rebate of 30% on the balance property tax payable (if any).  
2 November 2001 |  The Property Tax (Non-Residential Buildings) (Remission) (No 2) Order 2001 (GN No S 553/2001) (“the 2001 Remission Order”) came into effect. The new property tax rebate scheme was to take effect on 1 July 2001 and end on 31 December 2002.  
17 May 2002 |  The Appellant bought the subject properties from the Building’s owner, Wisma Development Pte Ltd. Each purchased lot had a separate strata title issued with its own individual SSCT and was identified as a lot on the strata title plan. The Appellant requested the Respondents to amalgamate the property tax accounts in certain instances. The Respondents acceded to the request and amalgamated the accounts for seven of the tenants resulting in 138 property tax accounts for the 155 subject properties.  
21 November 2002 |  The Respondents issued notices under s 20(2) of the PTA to reconfigure and amalgamate some of the property tax accounts.  
8 March 2003 |  The Property Tax (Non-Residential Building) (Remission) Order 2003 (GN No S 120/2003) came into operation. It provided for the remission of tax and payments in lieu of tax in respect of any building or part thereof.  
7 May 2003 |  The Property Tax (Commercial Property) (Remission) Order 2003 (Cap 254, O 19, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the 2003 Remission Order”) came into effect.  
31 December 2003 |  The property tax rebates granted pursuant to the remission orders ended.  
  
**The decision below**

11 The judge was of the view that the remission orders did not supersede
established principles of assessment and valuation. He held that the _rebus
sic stantibus_ principle remained relevant in determining if each lot ought to
be assessed separately or as part of an integral whole. The judge was of the
view that s 2(7) of the PTA did not make it mandatory for the Respondents to
assess each strata lot separately. Relying on the Singapore parliamentary
reports as well as ss 6 and 10 of the PTA, the judge held that the Respondents
could use an amalgamated basis of assessment because the lots, when combined,
could be regarded as a “tenement” under s 10 and thereby be subject to
property tax on a combined basis.

**Parties’ arguments and our decision**

12 The Appellant alleged that the judge erred in relying on the 2003 Remission
Order as he overlooked the fact that the language used in the 2003 Remission
Order was different from that in the 2001 Remission Order. The Appellant
submitted that an interpretation of the 2001 Remission Order confirmed that
each lot must be separately assessed. The Respondents, however, countered that
the 2001 Remission Order was silent on the issue of whether rebates had to be
given according to strata titled lots. They asserted that the 2003 Remission
Order provided support for their view that the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle
applied.

**_What was the proper assessable entity?_**

13 A strata lot would undoubtedly be entitled to rebates under the 2001
Remission Order. This interpretation would be consistent with the plain
language of the 2001 Remission Order, which used the phrase “building or part
thereof”. Second, this interpretation comports with s 2(7) of the PTA. Section
2(7) states:

In assessing the annual value of any property which comprises a lot the title
of which is issued under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap. 158) —

(_a_) the subsidiary proprietor of the lot shall be deemed to be the owner
thereof;

(_b_) the annual value of the lot shall be determined as if that lot comprised
a freehold estate in land; and

(_c_) no separate annual value shall be attributed to the land upon which the
subdivided building stands.

Clearly, strata lots are capable of separate ownership and, as a matter of
logic, it must follow that strata lot owners should to be entitled to rebates
on the basis of their strata ownership (although they do not own a freehold
estate in land).

14 However, we did not accept the Appellant’s submission that the phrase
“building or part thereof” created a blanket rule for strata lots to be
separately assessed. The 2001 Remission Order only extended to render strata
lots separately assessable; it was silent on whether such lots could be
assessed on an amalgamated basis.

15 We agreed with the judge’s view that the lacuna could be remedied by
reference to the terms of the 2003 Remission Order. Clause 2 of the 2003
Remission Order states:

In this Order —

“commercial property” means —

(_a_) …

(_b_) any premises used as —

(i) a shop;

(ii) an office;

…

16 The 2003 Remission Order thus envisaged that the premises in question were
to be used as a shop or a restaurant, rather than as a part thereof. This, by
necessary implication, meant that the strata lot should be assessed on the
basis of the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle. Consequently, if a shop occupied
a single strata lot, rebates would be assessed on the basis of the lot as a
separate unit. However, if a shop comprised an integration of several strata
lots, these strata lots would be assessed as a whole for purposes of tax
rebates.

17 Therefore, the Remission Orders did not require lots to be separately
assessed. It was open to the Respondents to assess lots on an amalgamated
basis, where they were occupied as multiple contiguous lots. Consequently, s
2(7) of the PTA would allow the Respondents to assess strata lots on a
combined basis. This was clear from the following extract of the parliamentary
debates (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31 July 1968)
vol 27 at col 728) that introduced the present s 2(7):

Since the Land Titles (Strata) Act was enacted in 1967, it is advisable to
provide specifically for owners of flats to be subject to assessment annually
under the Property Tax Ordinance. That Act introduced a new concept of
ownership, and flat owners registered under that Act may have doubts as to
what their property tax position is, since they are owners of property
situated “in the air” and thus somewhat different from the usual type of
ownership attached to the ground.

To this end, a new paragraph (_e_) [now s 2(7) of the PTA] is added to the
proviso to section 2 of the Property Tax Ordinance. The new paragraph seeks to
ascertain, firstly, who the owner of each such lot or flat “in the air” is.
_Secondly, it states that the annual value of the flat is to be assessed in
the same manner as any other freehold estate in land_. And, thirdly, it
excludes the land on which the flats are built from assessment when the flats
are already individually assessed.

[emphasis added]

18 While the Appellant was correct in pointing out that s 2(7) clarified the
legal position of strata lots (which were a new concept in Singapore), that
section did not go so far as to require each strata lot to be individually
assessed. It was a quantum leap in logic to allege that individual assessment
was mandatory, by virtue of the statement that the annual value of flats was
to be assessed in the same manner as a freehold estate in land. The reference
to the mode of assessment merely served to clarify the position of strata lot
owners by setting out the principles on which their lots would be assessed.
The same principle of assessment applied to freehold estates in land was to
apply to strata lots. Therefore, the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle was
equally applicable to strata lots. As such, where several strata lots were
occupied on a combined basis, it was open to the Respondents to value them as
a whole.

19 The Appellant had advanced a second argument. The Appellant highlighted
that mandatory language was used in s 2(7) (“shall” and “deemed”), such that s
2(7) should be regarded as paramount to the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle.
It cited _Toh Kim Soo Realty Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor (Singapore)_ VRB Appeal
No 328 of 1981 (“ _Toh Kim Soo_ ”) for the proposition that the Respondents
lacked power under the PTA to amalgamate or subdivide lots. In _Toh Kim Soo_ ,
the VRB held that the Chief Assessor had no power to partition a large parcel
of land into several parts and attribute a separate annual value to each part.
This was despite the fact that various portions of the land had been zoned
differently under the Planning Act (Cap 232, 1985 Rev Ed).

20 We were of the view that _Toh Kim Soo_ did not assist the Appellant’s case.
The facts of _Toh Kim Soo_ were readily distinguishable from the present case.
First, the parcel of land in _Toh Kim Soo_ had not been subdivided whereas the
subject properties in the present case have been issued with separate SSCT.
Next, the Chief Assessor in _Toh Kim Soo_ had attempted to do something wholly
different from that contemplated on our facts. In _Toh Kim Soo_ , the Chief
Assessor sought to give more than one annual value to a particular property.
This was not authorised by the provisions in the PTA, either expressly or
impliedly. In contrast, the Respondents here gave an annual value to several
properties which had been combined and were occupied as an integral whole.

21 It seemed to us that the actions of the Respondents fell within the ambit
of the PTA. As the judge observed (at [28] of his grounds of decision),
“tenement” was not defined in the PTA but its general meaning was extremely
wide; it could include part of a house that was structurally divided and
separated so as to be capable of being a distinct property. Thus, where
several lots are combined and occupied as one, they would be regarded as a
tenement. The Respondents would thus have the power to assess their annual
value on a combined basis, under s 10 of the PTA which relevant subsections
state:

(1) The Chief Assessor shall cause to be prepared a list, which shall be known
as the Valuation List, of all houses, buildings, lands and tenements.

…

(4) Each part of a building divided laterally or horizontally into parts in
such a manner that the owner, either solely or jointly with other owners, of
one part is not also the owner either solely or jointly with the other owners
respectively of any other part, shall for the purpose of this Part be deemed
to be a building.

(5) Each part of a partially completed building divided laterally or
horizontally into parts shall for the purposes of this Part be deemed to be a
building if it is used for human habitation or otherwise.

22 The Appellant, however, took the position that the amalgamated assessment
of each lot would give rise to anomalous outcomes, citing the following
examples in which such results would arise:

(a) where the strata lots are owned by _different_ owners but rented to the
_same_ tenant (“Situation 1”);

(b) where the strata lots are owned by the _same_ owner but rented to
_different_ tenants (“Situation 2”); and

(c) where the strata lots are owned by the _same_ owner and rented to the
_same_ tenant (as is the case here) (“Situation 3”).

Contrary to the Appellant’s fears, allowing for the possibility of amalgamated
assessment would not create anomalous results in any of the three situations
they had posed.

23 The Appellant put forth two objections to the amalgamated assessment of
multiple contiguous lots. First, it would be difficult to assess the annual
value of each strata lot, as the lots may have different annual values
depending on various factors such as their frontage and lease terms. Second,
it would be unfair for the rebates to be shared amongst the different owners.

24 While it may be difficult to make an accurate assessment as to the annual
value of each strata lot, this is not an insurmountable obstacle such as to
warrant separate assessment in all cases. Moreover, the Appellant was
inaccurate in its assertion that the rebates would be shared amongst the
various owners. On the facts of Situation 1, each owner would be entitled to
his own set of rebates. This is because the PTA focuses on the tax liability
of each owner. Thus, while a “combined” annual value would be given to the
integral unit on the basis of its use as a single shop, the tax liability (and
eligibility for rebates) of each property owner would be apportioned
accordingly.

25 As regards Situation 2, the Appellant cited an illustration of a person (A)
who owned ten lots which were rented out to a single tenant, and who then sold
one lot to B. In the event that B failed to pay his property tax on time, the
Respondents would be entitled under s 39 of the PTA to take enforcement action
against “the premises in respect of which the arrears are due”. Injustice
would result if the Comptroller were allowed to enforce action against all ten
lots on the basis that they comprised one assessable entity. Instead, the
Comptroller should only be able to enforce in respect of B’s single lot, and
not against A’s nine lots. B’s lot should be viewed discretely from A’s lots
for the purposes of enforcement. However, this was inconsistent with the
determination of property tax rebates where all ten lots were regarded as one
assessable entity.

26 We rejected these arguments. Logic and common sense dictated that the
Comptroller should only be able to take action against B’s lot should B
default on his payments for property tax. Individual tax accounts would be
created in such cases and the tax liability of each owner would be apportioned
accordingly. As such, A would not suffer the consequences of B’s default.

27 In any case, Situations 1 and 2 were irrelevant as the present case only
called into question the legal position _vis-à-vis_ Situation 3.

28 Finally, the Appellant claimed that allowing for the amalgamation of
property tax accounts would be unwise in Situation 3 because the same amount
of rebates would be granted to a large retail store and a smaller retail
store. Larger retail stores would thus derive less benefit from the rebates,
as they employed more staff and had higher overheads. Ostensibly, this would
not accord with parliamentary intent to help businesses ride out the economic
downturn since the larger retail stores would not be able to minimise job
losses.

29 We also rejected this submission. The reality of the situation was that the
assessment of annual value accorded with the manner in which the strata lots
were used. If larger businesses indeed operated as an integral unit over
several lots, they ought to be and were assessed as a single business entity
for property tax purposes. Parliament did not intend for the remission orders
and rebates to override existing principles of valuation. The _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle of assessing properties as they stood and were used would
continue to apply.

**_Whether the_ rebus sic stantibus _principle was correctly applied_**

30 We turn next to consider whether the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle had
been correctly applied to the facts of this case. Whilst the parties agreed
that the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle applied, they parted company when
identifying the manner in which the principle should be applied.

31 The Appellant submitted that the principle should be applied only after the
assessable entity had already been ascertained. Thus, a correct application of
the principle would require the assessable entity to be first identified in
accordance with the provisions of s 2(7), before the _rebus sic stantibus_
principle was applied to determine the annual value of such assessable entity.
On the other hand, the Respondents contended that the _rebus sic stantibus_
principle should be adopted in assessing the annual value of the subject
properties. The _rebus sic stantibus_ principle encompassed two limbs of
“physical condition” and “use”, and these limbs could be used to identify the
assessable entity.

32 We rejected the Appellant’s arguments. The _rebus sic stantibus_ principle
of valuation states that the assessable entity should be valued according to
its physical nature and condition as well as to its usage. There are therefore
two aspects to the principle. The first aspect of the principle necessitated
due regard to the actual house or other property as it in fact is (_per_ Scott
LJ in _Robinson Brothers (Brewers), Limited v Assessment Committee for the No
7 or Houghton and Chester-le-Street Area of the County of Durham_ [1937] 2 KB
445 at 468). In the light of Scott LJ’s observations, the Respondents could
not overlook the fact, upon a site inspection, that the party walls had been
removed between strata lots to create integral units.

33 It was the Appellant’s claim that pre-2004 English cases such as _Irving
Brown & Daughter v Smith_ [1996] 2 EGLR 183 (“ _Irving Brown_ ”) and _Scottish
& Newcastle Retail Ltd v Williams_ [2001] 1 EGLR 157 (“ _Williams_ ”) were
irrelevant to the issue in this case as the application of the _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle in these cases did not deal with properties under the
strata titles system, and involved situations with one house and a single
title.

34 The Appellant’s submission in this regard is flawed. Section 2(7) of the
PTA did not displace any principle of assessment established under the common
law. Section 2(7)(_b_) merely provided that the annual value of a strata lot
was to be assessed as if it was a freehold estate in land. Consequently, the
_rebus sic stantibus_ principle should still apply in assessing the annual
value of the subject properties. Cases such as _Irving Brown_ and _Williams_
are thus persuasive authorities as to the manner in which the _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle should be applied.

35 Counsel for the Appellant misinterpreted the purport of s 2(7). As was
pointed out by the Respondents’ counsel, the word “deemed” was not intended to
override existing principles of assessment. Instead, it merely served to
clarify the tax position of strata lot owners under the strata regime. This
was evident from the parliamentary debates of 31 July 1968, where the
rationale behind the LTSA and s 2(7) was enunciated as set out in [17] above.

36 It is pertinent to note that ss 2(3) and 2(5) of the PTA provide a
statutory formula for the assessment of annual value. This is to be contrasted
with s 2(7) which does not specify a similar formula. It can therefore be
inferred that common law principles of valuation, such as the _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle, remain relevant in an assessment pursuant to s 2(7).

**_Whether amendment of the Valuation List was warranted_**

37 Section 20(1) of the PTA entitles the Chief Assessor to amend the Valuation
List where it is or has become inaccurate in any material particular. The
various situations in which such inaccuracies may arise are set out in s 20(2)
of the PTA. The relevant portions of s 20(2) read as follows:

For the purposes of this section, the Valuation List shall be deemed to be
inaccurate in a material particular where —

(_a_) the Chief Assessor is of the opinion that the annual value of a property
included in the Valuation List does not correctly represent the annual value
evidenced by —

(i) the rental obtained from a tenant in respect of a property previously
vacant or previously occupied by the owner;

(ii) the increased or decreased rental obtained in respect of the letting out
of that or similar property; or

(iii) the consideration paid or value passing on the sale or transfer,
directly or indirectly, of any estate or interest in that or similar property,
including the sale or transfer of 75% or more of the issued ordinary shares of
a land-owning company, whether or not the Chief Assessor exercises the option
given in section 2(3);

…

(_c_) any new building is erected or any building is rebuilt, enlarged,
altered, improved or demolished;

…

38 The Respondents relied on ss 20(2)(_a_) and 20(2)(_c_) to justify an
amendment of the Valuation List.

39 The Appellant submitted that the Respondents were not entitled to amend the
Valuation List in respect of the lots in connection with all 45 appeals. The
Appellant did not take issue with the fact that the Respondents had amended
the Valuation List. The Appellant conceded that an amendment was justified
because there had been changes in rental in respect of 18 appeals. Instead,
the Appellant’s criticism related to the manner in which the lots had been
assessed. The Appellant took the position that s 2(7) of the PTA required the
lots to be assessed separately. In relation to the other 27 appeals, the
Appellant argued that the Respondents had no right to amend the Valuation List
in respect of the lots in connection with these appeals. Section 20(2)(_a_)
had not been made out in relation to these appeals, as the Respondents had not
noted any changes in rental for the lots involved.

40 The Appellant’s objections in relation to the 18 appeals were unjustified.
A plain reading of s 20(2)(_a_) would show that the circumstances justifying
an amendment had been made out (_viz_ rental changes) and which the Appellant
acknowledged. Section 2(7) did allow the lots to be assessed on an amalgamated
basis.

41 The Appellant’s same argument in relation to the other 27 appeals did not
advance its case. Admittedly, the Appellant had _prima facie_ shown that the
Respondents had wrongly exercised its powers to amend the Valuation List under
s 20(2)(_a_), given that there were no changes in rental for the lots
involved. However, this did not detract from the fact that the Respondents
were nonetheless entitled to amend the Valuation List on an alternative
ground, _viz_ , alterations had been made to the units within the meaning of s
20(2)(_c_). A site inspection revealed the existence of alterations to the
various units, thereby allowing the Respondents to amend the Valuation List
pursuant to s 20(2)(_c_) of the PTA.

42 The crux of the Appellant’s arguments was that s 20(2)(_c_) of the PTA did
not apply as the alterations made to the subject properties were merely
changes to the “internal partitioning” of a building. The Appellant attempted
to rely on the definition of “building” in s 2 of the PTA (“any structure
erected on land and [which] includes any house, hut, shed or similar roofed
enclosure”) and contended that “building” referred to the Building as a whole.
On this view, the dividing walls between the strata units were merely
“internal partitioning” and thus fell outside the ambit of s 20(2)(_c_).

43 Counsel for the Respondents revealed that a site inspection had shown that
the subject properties bearing different unit numbers had been used and
occupied as integral units; dividing walls and partitions had been removed,
such that several lots were occupied as a single shop or unit.

44 We accepted the Respondents’ argument that the alterations made to the
units fell within the ambit of s 20(2)(_c_). The judge had correctly pointed
out that the Appellant had erred in regarding the whole of the Building as a
“building”. It was equally possible for each strata unit to constitute a
“building” within the meaning of s 2 of the PTA. The reference in s 2 that the
structure must be “erected on land” did not require that the structure be
erected on a foundation built into the ground. This was evident from the
comments of Dwyer J in the Australian case of _Subiaco Municipal Council v
Walmsley_ (1930) 32 WALR 49 at 56–57:

The word “erect” would seem to cover an act of setting up above the surface of
the ground in a permanent or quasi-permanent position, and, therefore, to
denote something which is not necessarily built on a foundation let into the
ground, and which also may differ from placing in a temporary position for a
passing purpose. Direct fixation into the soil is in my view not a requisite
to “erecting.” Such structures as barricades, scaffolds and hoardings might
properly be said to be erected, although they have no foundations below the
surface.

In the light of Dwyer J’s comments, it is possible that the strata lots in the
Building may qualify as “buildings” because of the words “similar roofed
enclosures” in s 2 of the PTA.

45 Section 10(4) of the PTA, as set out in [21] above, provides support for
the view that the strata lots in the Building may qualify as “buildings”. The
wording of s 10(4) makes it clear that a subdivided part of a building can be
regarded as a “building” for the purposes of property tax.

46 In _Intercontinental Properties (Pte) Ltd v Chief Assessor, Singapore_
[1980–1981] SLR 561 (“ _Intercontinental Properties_ ”), F A Chua J held that
each unit in an apartment block was a “building” by virtue of s 10(3) of the
Property Tax Act (Cap 144, 1970 Rev Ed) (re-numbered s 10(4)) of the PTA).
However, Chua J opined that each unit would only constitute a “building” if it
was separately owned.

47 On the facts of the present case, the owners of the various strata lots are
the same (_ie_ , the Appellant). Beneficial ownership remained vested in the
Appellant since the Appellant had merely leased out the strata lots to various
tenants. Since there was no separate ownership, we cannot rely on s 10(4) to
reach our conclusion that s 20(2)(_c_) of the PTA applied.

48 The Appellant had argued that absurd consequences would ensue if the
removal of dividing walls between distinct strata lots constituted
“alterations” of which the Respondents had to be notified. The Appellant cited
an example of a law firm which rented an entire floor from a landlord, and
then changed the configuration of the floor by increasing the number of rooms
to accommodate new lawyers joining the firm. The Appellant argued that this
should not constitute an “alteration” to the “building” for which the
Respondents have to be notified, because the law firm continued to occupy the
same space and pay the same rental. The Appellant submitted that such
alterations were minor and non-structural in nature and did not affect the
annual value of the “building”. If the approach taken by the VRB and the judge
was applied, an unduly onerous burden would be imposed on tenants as the law
firm would have to notify the Respondents of the alterations despite the fact
that they were minor in nature.

49 The Appellant’s concerns were unfounded. The example cited by its counsel
was readily distinguishable from the facts of the present case. The
Appellant’s example involved a situation where alterations were made to the
internal partitions of a building. Under such circumstances, it would be
unnecessary for the tenant to inform the Respondents of the alterations,
especially if those alterations did not affect the annual value of the
“building”. The facts of the present case are far removed from the Appellant’s
example, as here they involved the demolition of walls between separate lots
or “buildings”. The demolition of dividing walls would clearly affect the
annual value and rental of the strata lots in question. For instance, a larger
frontage or shop unit could result in a higher annual value, because rental
prices are generally commensurate with the size of the premises (all other
factors being equal). The Respondents were thus entitled to amend the
Valuation List on this basis.

**_Whether the Respondents acted in a manner which did not promote the policy
and objectives of the remission orders_**

50 The Appellant alleged that the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate the
subject properties was fundamentally flawed. The Appellant made much of the
fact that the net effect of the amalgamation exercise was to reduce the amount
of property tax rebates which shop owners would be entitled to. This,
according to the Appellant, ran counter to the intent of the remission orders,
which was to reduce business costs and ensure the survival of businesses
despite the economic downturn.

51 The mere fact that considerations which could have been taken into account
were ignored will not _ipso facto_ result in a decision being set aside.
Rather, it is only when the relevant statute “expressly or impliedly
identifies considerations _required to be taken into account_ by the authority
as a matter of legal obligation” [emphasis added] that a decision will be
invalid because relevant considerations were ignored (_per_ Cooke J in
_CREEDNZ Inc v Governor-General_ [1981] 1 NZLR 172 at 183).

52 The Respondents, however, argued that parliamentary intent should not be
given supremacy over established principles of assessment. While conceding the
force of the Appellant’s submissions on parliamentary intent behind the
remission orders, the Respondents submitted that these should not displace
established principles of assessment (such as the _rebus sic stantibus_
principle).

53 We agreed that while the intent of the remission orders may have been to
reduce the property tax liabilities of shop owners, this did not mean that all
properties should be separately assessed so as to maximise property tax
rebates. Instead, the purport of the remission orders must be seen in
conjunction with existing principles of valuation, such as the _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle, which required properties to be assessed on the basis of
their actual usage. This was necessary to avoid illogical results. As an
example we cite the situation where several strata units are occupied as a
single and integral shop. Wholesale adherence to parliamentary intent would
require us to disregard established principles of valuation in order to
enhance the amount of property tax rebates enjoyed by the shop owner. This
would effectively result in the distortion of legal principles and give rise
to illogical results. Assessing the shop as if it comprised of several
individual strata lots would be impractical; it would not accord with the
reality with which the strata lots were being used.

54 Thus viewed, the Appellant’s contention that the Respondents had acted in a
manner which undermined the policy and objectives of the remission orders was
unsustainable.

**_Did the Respondents act unreasonably or improperly in amending the
Valuation List?_**

55 As for the Appellant’s argument that the Respondents had exercised their
discretion for an improper purpose (_ie_ , to increase revenue collections),
this was not made out.

56 On the facts, the provisions of the PTA did not expressly require the
Respondents to take into account the benefits of individually assessing each
strata lot. Neither did the Appellant adduce concrete evidence showing that
the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate the lots was actuated by extraneous
considerations such as the perceived need to increase revenue collections.
Consequently, the Appellant’s claim that the Respondents had exercised their
power for improper purposes was rejected.

**_Whether the presumption of regularity of official acts had been rebutted_**

57 The Appellant also sought to impugn the Respondents’ act of amalgamation on
another ground: it argued that the Respondents were not entitled to invoke the
presumption of regularity in their favour. While acknowledging that the
presumption in illus (_e_) of s 116 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
could apply to our facts, the Appellant claimed that this presumption had been
rebutted as a result of the Respondents’ actions: the Respondents had acted
inconsistently with their prior practice for the past 13 years where they had
individually assessed the value of each strata lot. The Respondents had
suddenly changed their practice in November 2002, to assess the lots on an
amalgamated basis, and had thereby reduced the property tax rebates which
strata lot owners were entitled to.

58 At the outset, it must be noted that a party seeking to rebut the
presumption of regularity faces an uphill task (see, _eg_ , _Ee Kim Kin v The
Collector of Land Revenue, Alor Gajah_ [1967] 2 MLJ 89; _Dow Jones Publishing
Co (Asia) Inc v AG_ [1989] SLR 70). The party attempting to rebut the
presumption of regularity must show concrete proof that the official act in
question had not been performed in good faith. The statutory presumption
embodied in illus (e) of s 116 of the Evidence Act gives force to the
important precept that decisions made by authorities in the exercise of their
discretion should generally be upheld in the absence of specific proof that
the authorities had exercised their powers in bad faith.

59 The Appellant failed to rebut the presumption in the present case.
Certainly, the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate the lots with retrospective
effect coincided with the announcement of the remission orders. However, the
timing and retrospective nature of the Respondents’ decision was insufficient
in itself to rebut the presumption of regularity. The Appellant had not
adduced tangible evidence that the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate the
subject properties was actuated by an intent to deprive the Appellant of
property tax rebates. Neither did the Appellant show that the Respondents had
exercised their power of amalgamation solely for the purposes of maximising
their tax collections.

60 On the contrary, the Respondents had been equally swift to change the
manner of assessment even when this resulted in a reduction in tax
collections. This was evident from the fact that the Respondents had
reassessed some properties on an individual basis in 2003 (“the 2003
reassessment”) when they were no longer used as integral units and had been
separated into their individual units. The 2003 reassessment had been carried
out despite the fact that this was prejudicial to the Respondents’ interests,
in so far as it resulted in a reduction in property tax collections. The
Respondents’ reassessment of the lots in 2003 lent weight to the Respondents’
argument that it had acted properly in the discharge of its functions. It
could well be that the Respondent’s previous inaction in not amalgamating the
lots for assessment purposes was wrong.

**_Whether the Respondents’ act of reassessment negated the possibility of an
improper motive on its part_**

61 The Appellant took the position that the Respondents could not rely on the
2003 reassessment to negate a finding of improper motive on their part.
According to the Appellant, the 2003 reassessment was necessary to ensure
consistency with the Respondents’ practices in 2002. Had the Respondents not
reassessed the “downsized” units, they would be acting arbitrarily and
inconsistently with their practice of assessing the units based on the _rebus
sic stantibus_ principle in 2002. Although the Respondents had been consistent
in their practices for 2002 and 2003, these practices were a marked departure
from their pre-2002 methods of assessment (when the properties were
individually assessed). Furthermore, while the reassessment increased the
amount of property tax rebates which the Appellant was entitled to, this did
not detract from the fact that the Appellant would still suffer an overall
loss of property rebates. This was because most of the lots were still
assessed on an amalgamated basis.

62 Admittedly, the Respondents may have adopted a somewhat inconsistent
practice prior to 2002, by agreeing to amalgamate certain property tax
accounts upon the Appellant’s request and maintaining separate property tax
accounts for other accounts. However, the Respondents’ decision to amalgamate
the accounts in 2002 marked the start of a consistent assessment policy – that
the properties were to be assessed in accordance with the _rebus sic
stantibus_ principle. Thus, the Respondents proceeded to combine the property
tax accounts of strata units which had been occupied as a single integral
unit. The application of the _rebus sic stantibus_ principle was followed
through in 2003, when “downsized” units were separately assessed. Thus viewed,
the Respondents’ acts in 2002 and 2003 were underpinned by a common and
consistent principle – that of assessing properties based on their actual
physical state and condition.

**_The decision in the Jalan Nuri cases_**

63 In their arguments, counsel for the Appellant placed heavy reliance on the
Chief Assessor’s decision in the Jalan Nuri cases. They submitted that these
cases stood for the proposition that strata lots ought to be individually
assessed. In the case of 25 Jalan Nuri (Mukim 25 Lots 1059 and 1060), where a
house and a garden each occupied a separate lot, the Chief Assessor had
assessed each lot separately. Thus, the Chief Assessor assessed the lot with
the house based on the lettable value of the house and taxed at the owner
occupier’s rate of 4%, while the lot with the garden was taxed based on 5% of
the capital value of the vacant land and did not enjoy the owner occupier’s
concessionary rate of tax. Separate assessment was undertaken despite the fact
that the garden had been physically used as an integral part of the house.
This method of assessment was repeated in the case of 21 Jalan Nuri (Mukim 25
Lots 1057 and 1058).

64 How are the Jalan Nuri cases to be reconciled with the present facts? This
is especially so as the facts of the Jalan Nuri cases were similar to the
present facts – in the Jalan Nuri cases, there were no physical walls or
dividing lines between the house and garden as with the present case, where
there were no party walls between the strata lots.

65 In their submissions, counsel for the Respondents sought to persuade us
that the principles applied in the Jalan Nuri cases were distinguishable from
our facts which pertained to shop units which had been used on an amalgamated
basis, not residential units. In any case, the Respondents contended, the VRB
had actually overruled questions in relation to the Jalan Nuri cases, hence
they were irrelevant for this present appeal.

66 We were of the view that the Jalan Nuri cases were wrongly decided. The
reality of the situation was that the properties in the Jalan Nuri cases had
been used as a single and integral whole, despite their occupying more than
one lot. Consequently, the Chief Assessor should have assessed the lots as an
integral whole, as he had done on the facts of the present case. The Chief
Assessor erred in assessing the house and the garden of the property
separately on a different basis.

67 Although the property owners in the Jalan Nuri cases lodged an appeal
against the Chief Assessor’s decision, they later declined to pursue their
appeal. There was therefore no opportunity for the position to be clarified by
the courts.

**Conclusion**

68 While statutory provisions did not expressly allow the Respondents to
assess strata lots on an amalgamated basis, parliamentary intent and the
_rebus sic stantibus_ principle provided for this possibility. The Respondents
were also entitled to amend the Valuation List on the facts, as the annual
values of the strata lots had become inaccurate in a material particular.
Finally, the Appellant did not adduce sufficient evidence to show that the
Respondents had exercised their powers improperly and unreasonably. The court
below was thus correct in finding that the Appellant had not made out its case
and that the Respondents were entitled to amalgamate the Appellant’s property
tax accounts. For these reasons, we dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Sep 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

