Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Eternal Strength  
[2006] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 245/2003, SIC 4636/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Joyce Low Wei Lin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daryll Ng (Haridass Ho and Partners) for the defendant; Gerald Yee / Chow Sy Hann (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the plaintiff   
Parties | : | —  
  
18 January 2006

AR Joyce Low:

By an application pursuant to O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (‘the Rules’),
the defendants move for an order that the writ of summons and all subsequent
proceedings be set aside and that a letter of undertaking given on behalf of
the defendants to secure the plaintiffs’ claim be cancelled. The material
facts, as they appeared from the pleadings and the affidavits put before me,
are as follows.

**Facts**

2 The plaintiffs are a company incorporated in Italy. They carry on business
in harbour towage, deep-sea towage and salvage for reward. On 2 April 2002, by
a charterparty (‘the Charterparty’), they chartered the _Eternal Strength_ ,
formerly known as the _Gema Pertiwi_ , from PT Gesuri Lloyd who were the
owners of the ship at that time. By a voyage charterparty made on or about 30
April 2002, the plaintiffs sub-chartered the ship to AWB Limited.

3 In May and June 2002, the ship suffered engine problems that were allegedly
caused by the defendants’ breach of their obligations under clauses 1 and 8 of
the Charterparty to keep the ship in a thoroughly efficient state for and
during the voyage and to prosecute the voyage with utmost despatch. As a
result, the ship was off-hire for a period. Pursuant to clause 59 of the
Charterparty, the hire would be suspended from the time of inefficiency and
all directly related expenses incurred would be for the owners’ account should
the ship be put back whilst on her voyage by reason of a breakdown.

4 On or about 13 March 2003, the ship was sold to the defendants, Wellston
Financial Ltd. Shortly thereafter, the ship was arrested and sold by the
Sheriff pursuant to the action in Admiralty in Rem 100 of 2002. Subsequently,
on 23 September 2003, the plaintiffs filed a writ _in rem_ against the
_Eternal Strength_ claiming a deduction of the costs of hire, compensation for
the expenses incurred for the period that the ship was off-hire and an
indemnity for any liability to AWB Limited under the voyage charterparty. As
the ship had been sold and the proceeds of sale were in Court, the plaintiffs
served the writ on the Sheriff pursuant to O 70 r 7(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court (‘the Rules’). The defendants entered an appearance in the action.

5 The defendants, as interveners in Admiralty in Rem 100 of 2002 then applied
for the remaining proceeds of sale of the _Eternal Strength_ to be paid out to
their solicitors after provision was made for claims against the ship,
including the present action, to be secured. The court ordered the payment of
the whole of the proceeds of sale to the defendants for, _inter alia_ , the
provision of full security for the plaintiffs’ claim. In compliance with the
order of court, the defendants provided a letter of undertaking dated 7 May
2004 to the plaintiffs.

6 On 20 August 2004, the defendants filed the present application to set aside
the writ and cancel the letter of undertaking for want of jurisdiction.

**Issues**

7 Section 3(1)(h) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (‘the Act’)
provides that the Court has admiralty jurisdiction to hear and determine any
claim arising out of any agreement relating to the use or hire of a ship. It
is not disputed that the Court has jurisdiction over the plaintiffs’ claim,
which falls under this subsection.

8 Counsel for the defendants, Mr Daryll Ng, contended that the writ should
nevertheless be set aside because one of the requirements of s 4(4) of the Act
was not met and the Court has no jurisdiction over the ship. It was submitted
that there was non-compliance with the subsection because PT Gesuri Lloyd, the
party liable _in personam_ on the charterparty, were no longer the beneficial
owners of the ship at the time the action was commenced because the ship had
been transferred to the defendants.

9 On behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr Gerald Yee did not pursue the argument that
the requirements of s 4(4) of the Act were satisfied. He submitted instead
that those requirements were irrelevant for two reasons. First, in an
application pursuant to O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules, the applicant must challenge
the existence, and not merely the exercise, of the Court’s jurisdiction. Since
s 4(4) relates to the manner in which admiralty jurisdiction is exercised, it
is irrelevant to the application. Secondly, it was unnecessary for the
plaintiffs to satisfy the subsection because they did not invoke the _in rem_
jurisdiction of the Court, since they did not arrest or serve the writ on the
ship. In the alternative, Mr Yee argued that even if the requirements of s
4(4) of the Act were relevant and were not satisfied, the plaintiffs were, in
any event, entitled to proceed against the defendants _in personam_ because
they entered an appearance in the action.

10 The issues raised in this application are:

(1) Whether the defendants’ challenge to the plaintiffs’ right to bring an
action _in rem_ against a ship pursuant to s 4(4) of the Act constitutes a
dispute as to jurisdiction for the purposes of an application under O 12 r
7(1) of the Rules;

(2) Whether service of a writ on the Sheriff pursuant to O 70 r 7(1)(b) is an
act that invokes the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the Court; and

(3) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to proceed against the defendants _in
personam_ , even if the requirements of s 4(4) of the Act are not met.

**_First issue – Construction of O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules_**

11 The relevant portion of O 12 r 7(1) of the Rules reads:

A defendant who wishes to _dispute the jurisdiction of the Court_ in the
proceedings by reason of any such irregularity as is mentioned in Rule 6 or on
any other ground shall enter an appearance and within the time limited for
serving a defence apply to the Court for –

(a) an order setting aside the writ or service of the writ on him (emphasis
mine).

12 As I alluded to earlier, counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that the
words “dispute the jurisdiction of the Court,” refer to a dispute as to the
existence and not the exercise of jurisdiction. He cited the decision of our
Court of Appeal in _The Jian He_ [2000] 1 SLR 8 for this principle. In that
case, the defendants took out an application for a stay of proceedings on the
basis that Singapore was not the appropriate forum to determine the dispute
because there was an exclusive foreign jurisdiction clause binding the
parties. One of the issues raised was whether there was a delay in taking out
the application. The defendants argued that there was no delay because they
filed their application within the time limited for serving their defence,
pursuant to O 12 r 7(1). Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, rejected this argument and reasoned, at paragraph 44 of the judgment,
that O 12 r 7(1) does not apply to stay applications. It only applies where
the jurisdiction of the Court is being challenged and in a stay application,
the applicant does not challenge the Court’s jurisdiction but prays for it to
exercise its discretion not to assume jurisdiction in favour of a foreign
court.

13 Counsel submitted that _The_ _Jian He_ is authority for the principle that
a party who wishes to file an application under O 12 r 7(1) must challenge the
existence, and not the exercise, of the Court’s jurisdiction. In the admiralty
context, he contended that this means that the applicant must prove that the
requirements of s 3(1) of the Act are not satisfied. The requirements of s
4(4), which relate only to the availability of an action _in rem_ go to
whether the admiralty jurisdiction of the Court is properly exercised, are
irrelevant to the issue of whether the Court has jurisdiction. He relied on
the following portion of the decision of Belinda Ang JC (as she then was) in
_The Alexandrea_ [2002] 3 SLR 56 at paragraphs 40 and 41:

“40 As stated, the existence of admiralty jurisdiction depends on s 3(1) of
the Act, but the availability of an action in rem depends on s 4.”

“41 Section 4(1) makes it clear that admiralty jurisdiction may exist and be
exercisable by an action in personam without an action in rem being
available.”

14 On behalf of the defendants, it was argued that counsel for the plaintiffs
fell into error in failing to appreciate the fundamental distinction between
the existence of subject matter jurisdiction, which is governed by s 3(1) of
the Act and the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction over the plaintiffs’ claim
against the defendants’ vessel. A jurisdictional challenge can take either
form. In the present application, since the defendants allege that the Court
does not have admiralty jurisdiction over the _Eternal Strength_ because s
4(4) was not satisfied, there is a dispute of the Court’s jurisdiction and
consequently, O 12 r 7(1) is applicable.

15 I am of the view that the analogy drawn by counsel for the plaintiffs
between applications for stay of proceedings on the grounds that Singapore is
not the more appropriate forum and applications to set aside the writ because
the requirements of s 4(4) are not met is flawed. A challenge pursuant to s
4(4) of the Act may also be referred to as a dispute relating to the exercise
or invocation of the Court’s admiralty jurisdiction. However, counsel for the
plaintiffs failed to recognise that an application pursuant to s 4(4) of the
Act, is not merely a dispute as to the _exercise_ of the Court’s discretion
but its _right_ to hear and determine a particular claim over a vessel. The
relief granted when the Court has no jurisdiction to entertain an action _in
rem_ is the setting aside of the writ: see e.g. _The Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 3
SLR 362 and _The AA V_ [2001] 1 SLR 207. The nature of the relief sought in
such applications, i.e. the setting aside of the writ and all subsequent
proceedings is consistent with and reflective of a jurisdictional challenge.
This is in contrast to stay applications where the court does not set aside
the writ but, in its discretion, declines to exercise jurisdiction by staying
the action.

16 The recent amendments to O 12 of the Rules fortify my interpretation of O
12 r 7(1). As O 12 r 7(1) applied only to jurisdictional challenges and not
stay applications on the ground that Singapore is not the more appropriate
forum, O 12 r 7(2) was amended to provide specific rules to govern such stay
applications. However, the draftsmen did not find it necessary to provide
similarly for applications to challenge the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the
Court. In my view, the proper inference to be drawn is that such challenges
were and continue to be provided for under O 12 r 7(1) because they are
applications to dispute the jurisdiction of the Court. The alternative
interpretation proposed by counsel for the plaintiffs, will lead to awkward
inconsistencies because a challenge pursuant to s 3(1) of the Act, but not one
pursuant to s 4(4) of the Act, must be filed within the time provided for
under O 12 r 7(1). I am not persuaded such an interpretation and its results
are the proper reflection of the intention of the draftsmen.

**_Second Issue – Effect of service of writ on Sheriff pursuant to O 70 r
7(1)(b)_**

17 The second argument advanced by counsel for the plaintiffs was that the
requirements under s 4(4) of the Act were inapplicable because the _in rem_
jurisdiction of the Court had not been invoked. He cited the decisions of our
Court of Appeal in _The Fierbinti_ [1994] 3 SLR 864 and our High Court in _The
Trade Resolve_ [1999] 4 SLR 424 for the principle that _in rem_ jurisdiction
must be invoked by either actual service of the writ on the ship or arrest of
the ship. On the facts, since neither of these events occurred, counsel
submitted that the _in rem_ jurisdiction had not been invoked but the action
proceeds _in personam_ against the shipowners who entered an appearance.

18 Counsel for the defendants contended that it was wrong to argue that the
lack of arrest meant that the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the Court had not been
invoked and treat an arrest as the defining characteristic of an action _in
rem_. The distinctive feature of such an action is not an arrest but that it
is an action against the _res_. Although the right to arrest a vessel is
confined to actions _in rem_ , this is merely a reflection of the unique
characteristic of such an action, which allows a plaintiff to proceed against
the _res_ and obtain security through its arrest. It was further submitted
that, in the present case, service on the Sheriff after the ship has been sold
is equivalent to service on the _res_. This is because the proceeds of sale of
a ship lying in Court represents the ship and service on the Sheriff is merely
a mechanism provided by O 70 r 7(1)(b) for service on what represents the
_res_.

19 In _The Fierbinti_ , the plaintiffs took out a writ _in rem_ against the
owners of or other persons interested in 19 ships, including the _Fierbinti_ ,
for loss and damage to the cargo carried on board the _Fierbinti_. The writ
was issued but not served. The defendants’ solicitors, in a bid to avoid the
arrest of any of the ships, confirmed that they would provide security for the
plaintiffs’ claim. The plaintiffs served the writ on the defendants’
solicitors who entered an appearance for “the owners of the ship or vessel
Fierbinti”. Thereafter, the parties became embroiled with negotiations on the
terms of the security. The negotiations finally ended when the plaintiffs’
solicitors were informed that no security would be provided after all.
Subsequently, when one of the ships named in the writ, i.e. the _Mehendinti_ ,
called, the plaintiffs caused a warrant of arrest to be issued and arrested
her. The defendants applied to set aside the arrest.

20 One of the issues before the court was whether the _in rem_ jurisdiction of
the Court had been invoked against the _Fierbinti_ when the writ was served on
the defendants’ solicitors pursuant to O 70 r 7(2) of the Rules. As a result,
O 70 r 7(1) and (2) were subject to the court’s analysis. The relevant
provisions of O 70 are:

(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a writ by which an action _in rem_ is begun must
be served on the property against which the action is brought except –

…

(b) where the property has been sold by the Sheriff, in which case the writ
may not be served on that property but a sealed copy of it must be filed in
the registry and served on the Sheriff and the writ shall be deemed to be
served on the day on which the copy was filed.

(2) A writ need not be served or filed as mentioned in paragraph (1) if the
writ is deemed to have been duly served on the defendant by virtue of Order 10
Rule 1(2) or (3).

21 LP Thean JA, who delivered the decision of the court, said at page 870:

It is important to note that para (2) of r 7 does not say that where a writ is
deemed to have been duly served on the defendants by virtue of O 10 r 1(2) or
(3) such ‘deemed’ service amounts to or is deemed to be service of the writ on
the property under para (1) of r 7. Rule 7(2) does not equate a ‘deemed’
service of the writ on the defendant under O 10 r 1(2) or (3) with the actual
service of the writ on the property under O 70 r 7(1). Effectively, r 7(2)
operates to dispense with service _of the writ on the property_ under r 7(1),
where the writ is deemed to have been duly _served on the defendant_ by virtue
of O 10 r 1(2) or (3)…On our analysis of the rules, there was no actual
service of the writ on the res, i.e. any of the 19 ships; such service had
been dispensed with by the operation of O 70 r 7(2). It seems to us that the
distinction between service of the writ on the res and deemed service of the
writ on the defendant is inevitable in an admiralty action in rem (emphasis
are the judge’s).

22 The court also had to decide when the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of
the Court is invoked and specifically whether it was invoked against the
_Mehendinti_ upon arrest and concluded, at page 879 of the report, that it is
invoked when the writ is served on the ship or when the ship is arrested,
whichever first occurs. On whether arrest was an essential step to invoke _in
rem_ jurisdiction, the learned judge had this to say, at page 877:

The issue and service of the writ are a process of the court. By issuing the
writ in rem against a ship the court asserts its jurisdiction to determine the
plaintiff’s claim against the ship, and by serving it on the ship, the
plaintiff ‘notifies’ the ship and its owner and also all persons interested
therein of his claim against the ship. He has by that process invoked the
court’s jurisdiction to determine his claim against the ship. In our opinion,
upon service of the writ on the vessel, the plaintiff has invoked the
jurisdiction of the court. _Arrest is not an essential or necessary step in
the invocation_ _of the court’s jurisdiction_. The arrest is the means given
by law whereby security is obtained for the claim against the ship: see _The
Zalfiro_ at page 15, per Hewson J (emphasis mine).

23 I turn now to the arguments made by counsel for the plaintiffs in relation
to _The Fierbinti_. To the extent that counsel for the plaintiffs submitted
that the lack of an arrest is a determinative factor as to whether _in rem_
jurisdiction has been exercised, the submission must be rejected in light of
clear statement of law in _The Fierbinti_ that an arrest of the ship is not an
essential step to invoke _in rem_ jurisdiction.

24 His argument that actual service on the _res_ is the _only_ mode of service
that invokes _in rem_ jurisdiction because the court in _The Fierbinti_
referred only to such a mode of service as an event that invokes the _in rem_
jurisdiction of the Court can also be dealt with briefly. In my judgment,
there is no basis for inferring that the court meant to exclude all other
modes of service under O 70 r 7(1) from amounting to an act that invokes _in
rem_ jurisdiction. The court had no occasion to consider the effect of serving
a writ in the manner provided by O 70 r 7(1)(a) and (b) simply because these
modes of service were not in issue before it.

25 The court in _The Fierbinti_ drew a distinction between cases where service
is effected on the _res_ (or, in the alternative, the _res_ is arrested) and
cases where service is effected on the defendant in person. In the former, the
_in rem_ jurisdiction is invoked but in the latter case, the _in personam_
jurisdiction is invoked. The question is whether service of the writ on the
Sheriff should be treated as service on the _res_ and therefore an event that
invokes the _in rem_ jurisdiction of the Court.

26 I am of the view that the question requires an affirmative answer. It is
trite law that the proceeds of sale lying in Court after a ship has been sold
by the Sheriff represents the _res_ : see e.g. _Admiralty Law and Procedure_
by Toh Kian Sing at page 36. The purpose of serving the writ on the Sheriff is
to “notify” all persons interested in the proceeds of sale of the plaintiffs’
claim and to enforce any judgment against such proceeds, which represent the
_res_ , and not a personal defendant. It also serves to compel those
interested in what represents the _res_ to raise security, a consequence that
flows naturally from the _in rem_ nature of the claim.

27 In the present case, the plaintiffs had in fact relied on the benefits of
the _in rem_ nature of their claim to obtain security. The defendants, as
interveners in Admiralty in Rem 100 of 2002 and the applicants in Notice of
Motion 141 of 2002, applied for and obtained an order that the whole of the
proceeds of sale of the vessel be paid out to their solicitors for, _inter
alia_ , the provision of full security for the plaintiffs’ claim in the
present action. Pursuant to paragraph 1(c) of the Order, the court made the
following orders:

For the avoidance of doubt, the Order made under paragraph 1 above directing
payment out of the proceeds of sale in the first instance to Messrs Haridass
Ho & Partners for the purposes outlined under prayer 1(a) to (d) above shall
not in any way detract from or be construed as removing _the secured in rem
status of the claims specified therein to the proceeds of sale of the Vessel_
which shall be expressly reserved and preserved by this Order (emphasis mine).

28 It is disingenuous for the plaintiffs, having relied on the _in rem_ nature
of their claim to obtain security, by way of the letter of undertaking
provided by the solicitors of the defendants, to now submit that the action is
in reality only an action _in personam_ against the defendants.

29 I turn to consider the actual language of O 70 r 7(1) of the Rules. The
subsection provides three modes of service, i.e. actual service on the
property, service on the cargo or the ship in which the cargo was carried when
the property in question is freight pursuant to O 70 r 7(1)(a) and service on
the Sheriff when the property in question has been sold by him pursuant to O
70 r 7(1)(b). In my opinion, all three modes of service specified in that
subsection provides for actual or substituted service of the writ _on the
property_. The first two of these modes of service relate to service of the
writ on the property in question and O 70 r 7(1)(b) provides a means of
substituted service on the property when it is no longer possible to effect
actual service on the property itself because it has been sold by the Sheriff.
In contrast, O 70 r 7(2) provides for service pursuant to O 70 r 7(1) to be
dispensed with altogether if service has been effected on the defendant. This
analysis of O 70 r 7(1) and (2) is consistent with the decision of _The
Fierbinti_ , which I have set out in paragraph 21 of these grounds;
specifically, where the court considered that _service on the defendant_
pursuant to O 12 r 7(2) operates to dispense with “ _service on the property
under r 7(1_)”

**_Third Issue – Jurisdiction to hear action in personam against defendants_**

30 For the reasons that I have set out above, the requirements of s 4(4) are
relevant because a challenge as to the availability of an action _in rem_
amounts to a jurisdictional challenge and the plaintiffs have invoked the _in
rem_ jurisdiction of the Court by serving a writ on the Sheriff pursuant to O
70 r 7(1)(b) of the Rules. In light of these conclusions, it became necessary
to consider the final argument put forth on behalf of the plaintiffs, i.e.
that even if the requirements of s 4(4) are relevant and have not been
satisfied, the writ should not be set aside because they are entitled to
proceed _in personam_ against the defendants, who have entered appearance in
the action.

31 On this issue, counsel for the plaintiffs cited the decisions of _The
Lloydiana_ [1983] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 313 and _The Ohm Mariana_ [1993] 2 SLR 698. In
_The Lloydiana_ , the claim was within the admiralty jurisdiction of the
Court. The conditions for exercising the jurisdiction by an action _in rem_
over the ship were not met but the shipowners accepted service of the writ
personally. Sheen J held that the action proceeded as an action _in personam_
against the shipowners although it was unnecessary to proceed _in rem_. In
_The Ohm Mariana_ , a decision of our Court of Appeal, the court found that
there was admiralty jurisdiction and that it was exercisable by an action _in
rem_. It went on to express the opinion that even if the action _in rem_ was
instituted in error, the action _in personam_ was maintainable on a point of
jurisdiction because the subject matter of the claim was before the court.
Counsel for the plaintiffs contended that these cases are authorities for the
proposition that an action _in personam_ is maintainable independently of the
availability of an action _in rem_.

32 Counsel for the defendants sought to distinguish these cases. He argued
that _The Lloydiana_ was authority only for the proposition that, where a
defendant who agrees to accept personal service and thereafter provides
security and enters an appearance without service of the writ on the _res_ ,
the action proceeds _in personam_. In other words, an action can proceed _in
personam_ only when it is unnecessary to proceed _in rem_. With respect to
_The Ohm Mariana_ , he submitted that it was also distinguishable because the
defendants entered an appearance unconditionally and did not apply to set
aside the writ and warrant of arrest whereas his clients entered an appearance
under protest.

33 I do not agree that _The Lloydiana_ should be read as narrowly as counsel
for the defendants has done. In that case, Sheen J adopted the well-
established principle in _The Gemma_ [1899] P 285 that an action, though
originally commenced _in rem_ becomes a personal action against the defendant
upon appearance, such that the action continues both _in rem_ and _in
personam_. On the facts, it was unnecessary for the plaintiffs to proceed _in
rem_ since the defendants’ solicitors accepted service. In applying the
general principle in _The Gemma_ to the specific context of the case before
him, the learned judge observed that the action proceeded _in personam_
although the action _in rem_ was unnecessary. The judgment, however, did not
go so far as to limit the application of the principle in _The Gemma_ only to
cases where an action _in rem_ is unnecessary.

34 Such a condition is also not required pursuant to the decision in _The Ohm
Mariana_. In that case, the plaintiffs served the vessel and the defendants
subsequently entered appearance in the action, as in our present case. The
court held that even if an action _in rem_ was commenced and there was a
subsequent ruling that it was wrongly instituted, there was no impediment to
the maintenance of an action _in personam_ if the defendants submitted to the
jurisdiction of the Court and the subject matter of the claim was before it.
LP Thean J, who delivered the judgment of the court, made the following
observations at page 712 of the report:

Further, even if the action in rem was instituted in error on the ground that,
when the cause of action arose, the respondents were not the owners of Ohm
Mariana, that error was not fatal to the appellants’ claim at trial. As we
have held, the claim of the plaintiffs came within para (o) of s 3(1) of the
Act, and the court has jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim. The
defendants had not, at the initial or any subsequent stage of the proceedings,
applied to set aside the writ and the warrant of arrest. They entered an
appearance unconditionally and in so doing submitted to the jurisdiction of
the court and from then onwards the action continued as an action in rem as
well as an action in personam: see _The Gemma_ and _The August 8_ …

Assuming that the action in rem was wrongly instituted, the action in personam
was clearly maintainable on the point of jurisdiction. There was no impediment
to the plaintiffs bringing an action in personam against the defendant making
the same claim as was made in this action. Equally, we can see no impediment
to the action continuing as an action in personam. The subject matter of the
claim was before the court and the court had jurisdiction to hear and
determine it.

35 In both _The Lloydiana_ and _The Ohm Mariana_ , the courts applied the
general principle laid down in _The Gemma_ without any further qualification.
It is, in my view, therefore clear that there is no requirement that an action
_in rem_ must be unnecessary before an action _in personam_ is maintainable
when the other conditions, i.e. that the defendant has submitted to
jurisdiction and the Court has jurisdiction over the claim, are met.

36 I will now turn to consider whether the fact that the defendants entered an
appearance under protest has any impact on the validity of the action _in
personam_. In both _The Lloydiana_ and _The Ohm Mariana_ , there was no issue
as to the defendants’ submission to the jurisdiction. In the former case, the
defendants’ solicitors acknowledged service of the writ and did not file any
application to dispute the jurisdiction of the Court within the prescribed
timelines. In the latter case, the defendants entered an appearance
unconditionally and also did not challenge the validity of the writ.

37 Counsel for the defendants argued that since his clients had not submitted
to the jurisdiction, having taken out the present application to set aside the
writ for lack of jurisdiction, the admiralty jurisdiction of the Court cannot
be exercised by an action _in personam_. The argument is circuitous and is
tantamount to saying that this Court does not have jurisdiction simply because
the defendants challenged jurisdiction. It is pertinent to recall that the
defendants do not dispute that the subject matter of the dispute falls within
this Court’s admiralty jurisdiction and that they have been properly served.
In the circumstances, I find that there are no valid grounds to challenge the
action _in personam_ against the defendants on the point of jurisdiction.

**Conclusion**

38 In conclusion, the _in rem_ action was wrongly instituted against the ship
since the requirements of s 4(4) were relevant and had not been proved, but
the plaintiffs are entitled to proceed against the defendants _in personam_.
Accordingly, I dismissed the defendants’ application to set aside the writ but
allowed their application to cancel the letter of undertaking because it was
given as security for the plaintiffs’ action _in rem_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

