Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re LP (adult patient: medical treatment)  
[2006] SGHC 13

Case Number | : | OS 38/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 January 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chong Fook Choy Christopher (Rodyk and Davidson) for the applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Inherent – Application for declaration on
legality of medical treatment – Whether application made ex parte – Whether
High Court having jurisdiction to hear such application  
  
Mental Disorders and Treatment – Mental disorders and treatment act – Whether
third party can apply for Committee of Person – Whether court can exercise
inherent jurisdiction to hear application for consent in absence of Committee
of Person  
  

23 January 2006

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an urgent application by the Mount Alvernia Hospital, represented
by Mr Christopher Chong. In the application, the applicant prayed that this
court declares a proposed surgery by the doctors in charge of a patient, Mdm
LP, at the hospital, involving the amputation of both legs, below the knee, to
be lawful. The patient had no known relative except her 16-year-old son, L,
who was present but not legally represented, at the hearing of the hospital’s
application. The patient is 51 years old and, according to her son, L, worked
as a real estate agent. His father is in the Philippines and could not be
reached. In any event, the father has scant contact with either LP or L as he
is not, and never was, married to LP. L had just completed his “O” level
examinations. Though he spoke clearly, calmly, and with a maturity of an
adult, he was still a minor. Although such applications ought not normally be
made _ex parte_ , given the circumstances in the present case, I proceeded to
hear the application because there was, in my view, insufficient time for a
_guardian ad litem_ to be appointed for L. See _St George’s Healthcare NHS
Trust v S_ [1999] Fam 26. I will revert to the issue of jurisdiction shortly.

2 Mdm LP is a diabetic and consulted Dr Tan Mak Yong (“Dr Tan”) at the
Gleneagles Medical Centre on 13 October 2005. She complained of pain in both
feet and told Dr Tan that she had been to the Singapore General Hospital as
well as the Tan Tock Seng Hospital where the doctors told her that her right
leg had to be amputated. According to Dr Tan, she refused to consent to that
operation and wanted her legs saved at all costs. Dr Tan observed that Mdm LP
had “right foot infection with gangrene of her right big toe and several
superficial burn wounds over her left foot”. On 14 October 2005, she was
persuaded by Dr Tan to have an amputation of only her right toe. She was
discharged on 31 October 2005. Unfortunately, her condition worsened in that
the infection in her right leg did not improve and had spread to her left leg
by the time she saw Dr Tan again, that is, on 12 November 2005. According to
Dr Tan, she was conscious and alert, and again told him to “save her legs at
all costs”. It did not appear that there was a danger of death at that time.
On 21 November 2005, Mdm LP was found to be in septic shock and was “not
rousable.” Dr Tan was of the view that the patient’s comatose state was caused
by the septic shock arising from the infection in her legs. He deposed in his
affidavit that between 12 November 2005 and 21 November 2005 it was not made
known to her that she would die if her legs were not amputated. The patient
thus went into a coma before any such discussion could take place. The doctors
tried further operations to remove the infected parts of her legs up to 28
November 2005 without success. Her legs were still infected and Dr Tan deposed
that:

Medically, the only option is to carry out bilateral below knee amputations
urgently to improve the chances of the Patient’s condition, as the amputation
can help in the control [of] the sepsis. If not, the infection will worsen and
the Patient will die.

3 The medical opinion of Dr Tan was supported by other qualified specialist
doctors including Dr Leonard Koh, an endocrinologist, Dr Lam Mun San, a
specialist in infectious diseases, Dr Tan Chai Beng, a neurologist, and Dr
Sittampalam Krishnamoorthy, an orthopaedic surgeon. I was satisfied that the
medical condition of Mdm LP had become critical and I accept the medical
opinion that unless the amputation of her legs was carried out she would soon
die. The application before me was necessitated by the doctors’ dilemma that
on the one hand, they were all of the view that the operation would be in the
patient’s best interests, and on the other hand, they had not obtained the
patient’s consent for the surgery, a situation complicated by the patient’s
previous statement to the doctors to save her legs at all costs. The patient
was now unable to give consent by reason of her comatose state. The only
relative that the hospital was able to reach was her son, L. There was,
therefore, a genuine doubt, so far as the doctors were concerned, as to
whether the proposed surgery could proceed. Since this was a matter of life
and death, and there was no viable alternative, it was prudent for the
hospital to make this application. The doctors had not stated that Mdm LP
would regain consciousness after the amputations. That meant that it was
possible that Mdm LP might remain in a comatose state indefinitely – without
her legs. Would that be worse for her? This question must be answered in
context. What could it be worse than? The existence or non-existence of her
legs cannot be worse if she never regained consciousness. It might be worse
for her son because he would have an unconscious mother without legs; but
again, what would that mean in context? Avoiding what might be worse off for
her son may not necessarily be in the best interests of the patient herself.
The best interests of the family is not to be confused with the best interests
of the patient, especially one in the present circumstances where the patient
is incapable of being affected by what happens to her family or what her
family might feel or go through. It would then be a question of whether living
without legs, even in a comatose state, would be in the best interests of Mdm
LP? These were all very difficult questions to answer. Opinions in such cases,
even among the doctors, might differ, as might between members of a patient’s
family, and between the family and the doctors. Weighed against the medical
possibilities, namely, that without the operation she would likely die, that
she might still die in the course of or after her operation, and, that she
might live and regain her consciousness, I accept the doctors’ opinion that
amputation of both her legs would be in Mdm LP’s best interests.

4 It will be noted that the application was for a declaration that the
surgical operation would be lawful, and not that the court gives consent on
behalf of the patient. This was not a directly relevant issue given the way
the application was stated, but it was an important point to be considered
because the applicant had also asked the court to grant any other relief that
it thought fit. Generally, a person who is sufficiently matured is entitled to
give or withhold consent to any medical treatment and the doctors are
entitled, if not obliged, to respect that person’s decision. No one else,
however close by reason of kinship or friendship, is legally entitled to make
that decision for the patient. Where a patient is incapable of giving or
withholding such consent, a third party may apply to the court under the
Mental Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed) for a Committee of
Person to be appointed for the purpose of acting in place of the patient and
to give or withhold consent as the case may be. When this is done, the doctors
may proceed as if the consent or lack thereof came from the patient herself.
In cases in which the medical condition is critical, such as the present case;
or for various reasons like the absence of anyone who may want or can be made
a Committee of Person, which is also the case here, the court will have to
exercise its inherent jurisdiction in such manner as it thinks right and
proper to hear an application such as the present one before me. It would be
noted that Proviso 19 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) gives the court the power to “order medical
examination of a person who is a party to any proceedings where the physical
or mental condition of the person is relevant to any matter in question in the
proceedings”. But that is a specific provision that does not relate to the
giving of consent to medical treatment. Mr Chong drew my attention to s 61 of
the Mental Disorders and Treatment Act and submitted that the court retained
some residual power from that source. Section 61 provides that:

Nothing contained in Part II shall be taken to interfere with the power of the
court over any person found to be mentally disordered under Part I.

However, in order to exercise any power under s 61 it must first be determined
that the person concerned was “mentally disordered under Part I”. That means
that the requirements and procedure under this Act must first be complied with
if this application was to be heard on that basis. I do not think that s 61
was of assistance in this case.

5 Mr Chong submitted the alternative proposition that the court has powers
under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), as well as
under its inherent jurisdiction to hear an application of this nature, that
is, an application to declare the act of the doctors in the present
circumstances to be lawful. For convenience I shall set out O 15 r 16 as
follows:

No action or other proceeding shall be open to objection on the ground that a
mere declaratory judgment or order is sought thereby, and the Court may make
binding declarations of right whether or not any consequential relief is or
could be claimed.

Lord Brandon dealt with both grounds in _In re_ _F_ [1990] 2 AC 1 (“ _F_ ”).
He was of the opinion that it would not be right to describe the jurisdiction
as being under the UK RSC Ord 15 r 16 (which is identical to our rule). He
held at 63, that the jurisdiction “is part of the inherent jurisdiction of the
High Court, and the rule does no more than say that there is no procedural
objection to an action being brought for a declaration whether any other kind
of relief is asked for or available or not”. I agree with that opinion. As
Lord Brandon also observed at 55, “The common law would be seriously defective
if it failed to provide a solution to the problem created by such inability to
consent.” Lord Goff expressed an almost identical sentiment at 72 where he
stated:

Mr Munby, for the Official Solicitor, advanced the extreme argument that, in
the absence of a parens patriae or statutory jurisdiction, no such treatment
or care of the kind I have described can lawfully be given to a mentally
disordered person who is unable to consent to it. This is indeed a startling
proposition, which must also exclude treatment or care to persons rendered
unconscious or unable to speak by accident or illness. For centuries,
treatment and care must have been given to such persons, without any
suggestion that it was unlawful to do so. I find it very difficult to believe
that the common law is so deficient as to be incapable of providing for so
obvious a need. Even so, it is necessary to examine the point as a matter of
principle.

6 Courts do not perform an oracular or purely academic function of merely
declaring a particular conduct lawful or unlawful in the absence of a real
dispute. The function of rendering such advice lies with the lawyers. That is
to say, that a court would usually only consider an application for a
declaration where there is an issue between litigants. There are exceptions.
In the present instance, given the patient’s previous indications and the lack
of support from her family, this application was a reasonable one. Although
there was no physical entity appearing as an opposing litigant, there were
some indications that the surgery might result in litigation. The patient
might sue the doctors and the hospital for a surgery carried out without her
consent. Whether she would succeed is not the point – I was not here dealing
with the issue as to whether the doctors would be liable for any prior
omission or act. Since doctors are usually the only people qualified to act
positively in serious or critical cases when a person’s life is threatened by
illness or injury, a doctor concerned would be entitled to rely on the defence
of necessity in the event of his being sued. But that would not be sufficient
comfort to the doctor. He might, understandably, prefer not to act at all for
fear of being sued. But I was not here dealing with a doctor’s positive
obligations in the case of an emergency. The situation was a less direct one.
In this case, given that there were some indications from the patient herself
that would conflict with the proposed operation, was it prudent for the
doctors to place the matter for an independent evaluation of their opinion
regarding the patient’s best interests? I was of the view that it was, and
that the court could hear the application. However, I should say in passing,
that where a situation was neither grave nor urgent, reasonable effort must be
made to have the application heard on an _inter partes_ basis rather than an
_ex parte_ one. I think it is also fair to say that the present case before me
was of much greater urgency than that in _F_ where there was sufficient time
for counsel to be instructed by the Official Solicitor as _amicus curiae_.

7 The questions arising here had also arisen in _F_. In that case, the House
of Lords had to consider whether the High Court was correct in assuming
jurisdiction to hear an application for a declaration of a similar order as
the one presently before me. In _F_ , however, the medical treatment required
in question was of a different nature than the one before me. _F_ concerned
the question of the sterilisation of a woman who was mentally incapable of
giving consent. Hence, it was not a case that had the same urgency as the one
before me, nor was it a life-threatening situation. In that case, the House of
Lords approved the declaration granted by the High Court. Although the Court
of Appeal below also approved the application, the court was doubtful that the
application by way of a declaration was an appropriate or satisfactory
procedure. Dispelling the doubts of the Court of Appeal, Lord Brandon held at
64:

With respect to all three members of the Court of Appeal, I do not consider
that these objections are well founded. The first objection, that a
declaration changes nothing would be valid if the substantive law were that a
proposed operation could not lawfully be performed without the prior approval
of the court. As I indicated earlier, however, that is not, in my view the
substantive law, nor did the Court of Appeal, as I understand the judgments,
hold that it was. The substantive law is that a proposed operation is lawful
if it is in the best interests of the patient, and unlawful if it is not. What
is required from the court, therefore, is not an order giving approval to the
operation, so as to make lawful that which would otherwise be unlawful. What
is required from the court is rather an order which establishes by judicial
process (the “third opinion” so aptly referred to by Lord Donaldson of
Lymington M.R.) whether the proposed operation is in the best interests of the
patient and therefore lawful, or not in the patient’s best interests and
therefore unlawful.

The second objection, that the application for a declaration might be
unopposed and it is not the ordinary practice to grant declarations by consent
or where there is no contrary claim, would only be valid in the absence of
appropriate rules of procedure governing an application of the kind under
discussion. The same objection could be raised against the procedure by way of
application for approval of the proposed operation favoured by the Court of
Appeal, in the absence of rules of procedure such as those propounded by Lord
Donaldson of Lymington M.R. and agreed to by Neill and Butler-Sloss L.JJ. I,
accept, of course, that no such rules of procedure have so far been made. But
even without them, there would have to be a summons for directions, preferably
before a judge, and he could be relied on to ensure that the application was
not unopposed, and that all necessary evidence, both for and against the
proposed operation, were adduced before the court at the hearing.

The third objection, that the public interest requires that the court should
give express approval to a proposed operation and that a declaration does not
have that effect, appears to be largely semantic. By that I mean that,
whichever the two forms of procedure, if both were available, were to be used,
the nature of the inquiry which would have to be made by the court, and of the
reasoned decision which it would be obliged to give after carrying out that
inquiry, would be substantially the same.

The fourth objection, that a declaration granted at first instance may have
limited efficacy in any subsequent litigation was not the subject matter of
any argument before your Lordships. My provisional view is that, whatever
procedure were to be used, only the parties to the proceedings and their
privies would be bound by, or could rely on, the decision made. In practice,
however, I think that that would be enough.

8 I am in full agreement with Lord Brandon’s reasoning set out in the above
passage. Specific life-and-death situations vary in their character and
complexity. In some cases, there would just be enough time to come to the
courts for a ruling. In other situations the doctors would have to decide for
themselves, as they were entitled to do, as Lord Brandon observed in his
judgment in _F_. They might decide not to treat, or simply not decide. In
either case, the patient is likely to lose her life. In some jurisdictions
such as those in the US, the court would apply the “substituted judgment”
test. That is to say, it would seek evidential proof as to what that patient
herself would do had she been conscious for a brief moment to be appraised of
her condition and to give or withhold her consent as required. In situations
of that kind, the courts (in America) would seek the views of the patient’s
family and friends to enable it to form a view that it thinks best coincides
with what the patient herself would have done. See, for example, _Re Quinlan_
70 NJ 10 (1975). That approach led eventually to the development of the
“advance medical directive”, sometimes called by the odd name of “living
will”. I should point out that the nature, scope and procedure of the Advance
Medical Directive in Singapore differs in some substantial ways from that in
the American notion. But that is not an issue of direct relevance in the
present case, save to note that the applicability of the American-type advance
directive remains an open matter. Suffice it to say in the present case that
if that is the approach that we should follow, then the statements made by Mdm
LP to her doctors to “save her legs at all costs”, and that she would “rather
die than lose her legs” to her son might become important evidence for me to
consider whether she would have given or withheld her consent to the proposed
amputation of her legs. In the present case, L informed me that the doctors
had advised him that his mother would die without the operation, but she might
also die in the course of the operation. He said that consequently, he was in
a dilemma as to whether he would like them to proceed with the operation on
his mother. It has to be noted for completeness that it was recorded in the
hospital notes produced by Elizabeth Loh, the hospital’s nursing manager, that
at one point, L had requested the doctors to “switch off the respirator”.
There was no medical evidence that this was a question that needed to be
addressed. There was no evidence before me that Mdm LP was already brain-dead.

9 The courts in England take a slightly different approach. While greater
emphasis is placed on patient autonomy in America than in the UK, consent is
still of paramount importance in the latter jurisdiction. Hence, if there is
clear evidence of consent or refusal to consent to any medical treatment,
doctors will have to respect the patient’s decision. When it comes to a
situation where the patient is incapable of giving her consent, or where such
consent (or lack of it) was not made reasonably clear, the doctors would have
to treat the patient according to what they think is in the best interests of
the patient. The best interests of the patient may not be the best interests
of her spouse or parents or children. And likewise, what the patient might
think is in her own best interests may not be similarly shared by the doctors.
The decision as to what is in a patient’s best interests from the point of
view of the doctors is strictly a medical one, and one that is expected to be
professionally formed. Hence, while a patient herself might think that it
would be in her best interests not to have any treatment that might incur
heavy financial costs to her family, but the doctors have to concentrate on
the medical aspects of treatment. So, although the opinions and sentiments of
the patient’s family ought to be sought, they are not binding (for indeed, as
I have mentioned, they can sometimes be at odds) on either the doctors or the
court.

10 Where doctors do not have a clear and express consent of their patient,
their only course is to act in the best interests of the patient. I think that
it would not be unreasonable in this case for the doctors to regard the
proposed amputation, which was the only hope of saving the patient’s life, to
be in Mdm LP’s best interests. In coming to this conclusion, I am not
evaluating the matter of whether it would be in the best interests of this
patient to remain in her comatose state indefinitely. That question has not
yet arisen, and it was not unreasonable for the doctors to consider the main
and more critical situation first. The sense of urgency in some situations,
including medical ones, may not arise instantaneously or rapidly leaving
little time for reflection, but develop gradually, with time for other options
to be explored before they become critical and give rise to an emergency. I
accept that this was such a case. Having reached the point of such urgency,
and having no better option remaining, the matter should be delayed no
further.

11 I am of the view that the evidence indicated that the statements made by
Mdm LP before she lapsed into a coma regarding her preference to death over
losing her legs, were probably made without the benefit of medical advice of
impending death. I could not say, on the evidence before me, that Mdm LP had
clearly and expressly refused her consent to the surgical operation now
intended by the doctors, knowing that it was the only treatment to save her
from impending death. Further, I was satisfied that the proposed surgical
operation would be in her best interests. I therefore granted an order in
terms of the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jan 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

