Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Vasiliy Golovnin"  
[2006] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 25/2006, SUM 3977/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 October 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vivian Ang, Kenny Yap and Joanne Chia (Allen & Gledhill) for the plaintiffs; Steven Chong SC, Ian Teo and Kohe Noor Hasan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Registrar's appeal – Admission of further
affidavit supporting appeal – Whether court should allow further affidavit to
be admitted as evidence  
  

18 October 2006

Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiffs, Credit Agricole (Suisse) SA and Banque Cantonale De Genève
SA (collectively referred to as “the banks”), who arrested the _Vasiliy_
_Golovnin_ , a vessel owned by the defendant, Far East Shipping Co plc
(“FESCO”), appealed against the decision of the assistant registrar, Ms Ang
Ching Pin, who set aside their writ against FESCO and their warrant of arrest
of the said vessel on 10 July 2006. The appeal has yet to be heard. In the
meantime, the banks sought leave to admit a further affidavit (the “further
affidavit”) by a Togolese lawyer, Mr Adama Doe-Bruce (“Mr Doe-Bruce”), for the
purpose of the hearing of the appeal. I dismissed the application to admit the
further affidavit and now give the reasons for my decision.

**Background**

2 FESCO chartered their vessel, the _Chelyabinsk_ , to Sea Transport
Contractors Ltd (“STC”). STC subchartered the vessel to Rustal SA (“Rustal”).
Pursuant to the subcharter, a cargo of rice was loaded onto the vessel at
China and India. The material bills of lading issued for the cargo named Lome
in Togo as the port of discharge. The banks provided financing to Rustal and
are holders of the said bills of lading for the cargo of rice on board the
_Chelyabinsk._

3 In early December 2005, Rustal requested the issuance of switch bills of
lading to alter the port of discharge from Lome to Duola in Cameroon. FESCO
was agreeable in principle to the request provided that the original bills of
lading were surrendered in exchange for the switch bills. The parties agreed
to effect the change on 12 December 2005 but neither Rustal’s officials nor
their agents turned up at the appointed place for the switch. As such, the
vessel proceeded to the port of discharge stated in the bills of lading,
namely, Lome.

4 A dispute arose between the charterers, STC, and the subcharterers, Rustal,
over the subcharter hire. Both of them applied for a number of orders from the
Lome courts. On 22 December 2005, STC obtained a court order in Lome (“Ruling
No 2062/2005”) for the arrest and detention of the cargo on board the
_Chelyabinsk_ as security for its claim against Rustal for unpaid hire under
the subcharterparty. The banks contended that FESCO was warned on the same day
not to proceed to Lome because STC had obtained a lien order on the cargo.
This was disputed by FESCO.

5 After the _Chelyabinsk_ arrived at Lome on 23 December, 2005, Ruling No
2062/2005 was served on her. However, on 24 December 2005, Rustal obtained an
order from the Lome court (“Ruling No 2081/2005”) to prevent the discharge of
the cargo from the _Chelyabinsk._ STC then obtained a court order dated 27
December 2005 (“Ruling No 2093/2005”) to have the cargo unloaded and
discharged into the custody of the agent for the _Chelyabinsk._

6 On 29 December 2005, the banks applied to the Lome court to set aside Ruling
No 2093/2005 and reinstate Ruling No 2081/2005 that had been obtained by
Rustal.

7 On 16 January 2006, the Lome court set aside the ruling obtained by Rustal
and ordered the cargo to be discharged in Lome (“Ruling No 0023/2006”). The
court also found that STC was entitled to retain the cargo as security for
their dispute with Rustal. The banks and Rustal then obtained separate rulings
for a temporary stay of execution of the ruling. However, on 2 February 2006,
the Lome court ordered the lifting of the stay of execution of Ruling No
0023/2006, which had ordered that the cargo be discharged in Lome. FESCO
commenced discharging operations and the discharge was completed in mid-
February.

8 On 21 February 2006, the banks obtained a court order in Lome for the arrest
of the _Chelyabinsk._ The banks’ reasons for the arrest were essentially as
follows:

(a) They had given firm instructions to the _Chelyabinsk_ to rescind the bills
of lading with a view to making it easier to market and unload the cargo at
Duola in Cameroon where buyers had been found for the cargo.

(b) The _Chelyabinsk_ had arrived in Duola on 12 December 2005 but refused to
unload the cargo there and sailed to Lome despite the warnings from the banks
that there were no customers for the cargo in Togo and that it would be
difficult to find buyers for one part of the cargo in particular.

(c) The _Chelyabinsk_ had in violation of the bank’s instructions sailed to
Lome where the cargo was arrested, causing huge losses to the banks estimated
at US$5.05m.

9 On the application of FESCO, the arrest of the vessel was set aside by the
Lome court on 24 February 2006 (“Ruling No 0164/2006”). In setting aside the
arrest and ordering the banks to pay costs, the Lome court made the following
findings:

(a) The banks could not deal directly with FESCO without going through Rustal
and STC, and FESCO could only follow STC’s instructions since Lome was
stipulated as the port of discharge in a number of the bills of lading.

(b) FESCO had not been at fault in proceeding to Lome on STC’s instructions
since STC had control over the commercial management of the _Chelyabinsk_ as
charterers.

(c) Duola was not listed as a port of discharge on the bills of lading
although the banks claimed that the cargo was bound for Duola.

(d) Sufficient security was given for the claims for loss and damage to the
cargo and the banks could not claim that they had suffered any loss.

10 __ The _Chelyabinsk_ left Lome on 25 February 2006. The banks did not
appeal to the Lome Court of Appeal against Ruling No 0164/2006, which set
aside the arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_. The time allowed for an appeal against
this ruling expired on 17 March 2006.

11 On 18 March 2006, the banks arrested the _Vasily Golovnin_ , a sister
vessel of the _Chelyabinsk,_ in Singapore.

12 On 28 March 2006, the Lome Court of Appeal reversed Ruling No 0023/2006 and
allowed the bank’s appeal against the order that the cargo be discharged in
Lome. This had nothing to do with Ruling No 0164/2006, which set aside the
arrest of the _Chelyabinsk_ in Togo.

13 FESCO persuaded the assistant registrar to set aside the arrest and to
strike out the suit that the banks had instituted against them with respect to
the discharge of the cargo on board the _Chelyabinsk_ in Lome. She found in
favour of FESCO for three reasons, namely issue estoppel, non-disclosure or
insufficient disclosure of material facts and the lack of an arguable case
against the shipowners.

**The application to admit the further affidavit**

14 As has been mentioned, the banks have appealed against the assistant
registrar’s decision and for the purpose of the hearing of the appeal, they
sought to admit a second affidavit by Mr Doe-Bruce, who had already filed an
earlier affidavit that had been considered in the hearing below.

15 A judge hearing an appeal against a decision of an assistant registrar has
the discretion whether to admit new evidence for the purpose of the hearing of
the appeal. In _Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_
[1999] 2 SLR 233, the Court of Appeal noted (at [38]) as follows:

A judge-in-chambers who hears an appeal from the registrar is entitled to
treat the matter as though it came before him for the first time. The judge-
in-chambers in effect exercises confirmatory jurisdiction. The judge’s
discretion is in no way fettered by the decision below, and he is free to
allow the admission of fresh evidence in the absence of contrary reasons. On
appeal to the Court of Appeal, case law has established that the Court of
Appeal will not interfere with the discretion of the judge unless satisfied
that the judge’s discretion has been wrongly exercised.

16 When determining whether a further affidavit is required for the hearing of
the appeal, it ought to be noted at the outset that the proposed further
affidavit of Mr Doe-Bruce is only in relation to one of the three grounds on
which the assistant registrar found in favour of FESCO, namely issue estoppel.

17 In their affidavit dated 25 August 2006 in support of the admission of the
further affidavit (“the supporting affidavit”), Mr Pierre Dubochet and Mr
Jerome Bonnard, who are members of the second plaintiff’s management
committee, said that the further evidence of Mr Doe-Bruce related “essentially
to the following issues”:

(a) Whether “provisional enforcement” (“ _l’ex_ _écution provisoire_ ”) under
Togolese law is similar to provisional injunction” (_Ordonnance de R_ _éf_
_éré_) (“the first issue”).

(b) Whether the Togolese court’s Ruling No 0164/2006 dated 24 February 2006
was a “provisional injunction” ruling within the meaning of Art 160 of the
Togo Code of Civil Procedure (“the second issue”).

(c) Whether the judgment of the Togolese court that was considered in _Ascot
Commodities NV v Northern Pacific Shipping (The “Irini A”) (No 2)_ [1999] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 189 (“ _The Irini A_ ”) was of the same type and nature as the
ruling given by the Togolese court in the present case (“the third issue”).

18 If the three issues referred to above are carefully considered, there is
absolutely no need for any further affidavit by Mr Doe-Bruce.

19 As for what the banks termed the first issue, namely whether “provisional
enforcement” (“ _l’ex_ _écution provisoire_ ”) under Togolese law is similar
to “provisional injunction”, the defendant’s counsel, Mr Steven Chong SC, said
that FESCO was prepared to accept that a “provisional enforcement” is
different from a “provisional injunction” in that one relates to enforcement
and the other relates to an injunction. He also pointed out that this issue
did not arise in the hearing below and is not an issue in the hearing of the
appeal. There is no need for Mr Doe-Bruce to file a further affidavit for the
purpose of the first issue.

20 As for the second issue, it is the banks’ case that Mr Doe-Bruce had
already stated his position in his first affidavit. In fact, in para 13 of the
supporting affidavit, Mr Pierre Dubochet and Mr Jerome Bonnard stated that Mr
Doe-Bruce had already stated in para 34 of his first affidavit that the ruling
of 24 February 2006 by the Togolese court was made by way of a provisional
injunction. Furthermore, they pointed out that at para 42 of the first
affidavit, Mr Doe-Bruce had also stated that Art 160 of the Togo Code of Civil
Procedure provides that “provisional injunction rulings do not assume the
nature of a final judgment; they can be amended or re-submitted to the Court
if fresh circumstances arise”. More importantly, in para 37 of his proposed
further affidavit, he stated as follows:

… I do not understand how the Assistant Registrar can say that I did not at
any time state that Ruling No. 0164/2006 fell within Article 160, when it is
clear from paragraphs 34 and 42 of my 1st  affidavit that Ruling 0164/2006 was
a provisional injunction and provisional injunctions fall within Article 160
of the TCCP.

21 As the plaintiffs have stated in more ways than one that the second issue
had already been dealt with by Mr Doe-Bruce in his first affidavit, there was
no need for any further affidavit on the second issue.

22 As for the third issue, namely, whether the judgment of the Togolese court
that was considered in _The Irini A_ ([17] _supra_) is of the same type and
nature as the ruling given by the Togolese court in the present case, the
defendant’s counsel, Mr Steven Chong, pointed out that his clients accepted
that the two rulings are different. In view of this, there is no “third
issue”, in respect of which any evidence is required from Mr Doe-Buce.

**Conclusion**

23 For the reasons mentioned above, I refused to exercise my discretion in
favour of allowing the plaintiffs to file the further affidavit by Mr Doe-
Bruce for the hearing of their appeal against the Order of Court dated 10 July
2006. FESCO is entitled to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Oct 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

