Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## R Alagiyasolan v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 40

Case Number | : | MA 137/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 March 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Palaniappan S (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant; April Phang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  R Alagiyasolan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Substitution of statements for oral evidence –
Whether safeguards in s 147(6) Evidence Act followed – Whether trial judge
placing undue weight on statements – Section 147(6) Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed)  
  
Immigration – Employment – Overstayer – Appeal against conviction of offence
under s 57(1)(e) Immigration Act for employing overstayer – Defence in s 57(9)
Immigration Act not pleaded – Whether due diligence test in s 57(10)
Immigration Act applicable – Whether conviction should be overturned –
Sections 57(1)(e), 57(9), 57(10) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

8 March 2006

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was convicted on a charge of employing an illegal immigrant
under s 57(1)(_e_) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
and sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment. The appellant appealed against
conviction only. I dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.

**Background facts**

2 The appellant had employed one Anthony Samy s/o Arokia Samy (“Anthony”), an
Indian national who had entered Singapore on 21 August 2004 and remained here
illegally after the expiry of his social visit pass. The charge against the
appellant read as follows:

You, … are charged that you, from October 2004 till 23 November 2004, at “The
Madeira Condominium” located along Bukit Batok Street 31, Singapore, did
employ one Anthony Samy S/O Arokia Samy, M/23 yrs, an Indian national, as a
security guard, whom you had reasonable grounds for believing to be a person
who had remained unlawfully in Singapore after the expiry of his social visit
pass on 4 September 2004, in contravention of s 15(3) of the Immigration Act
(Chapter 133), and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act Chapter 133, punishable under Section
57(1)(ii) of the said Act.

3 At the material time, the appellant was the operations manager of Jacin
Security Services (“JSS” or “the company”), a company licensed by the police
to provide security services. Under its licence, JSS is permitted to employ
Singaporean and Malaysian citizens as security guards. JSS is owned by one
Ramani s/o Murugiah (“Ramani”) and provides security services to, _inter alia_
, The Madeira, a condominium located along Bukit Batok Street 31 (“the
condominium”). Sivakami d/o Moorli (“Sivakami”) was employed as a supervisor
by JSS and was the supervisor in charge of the security guards at the
condominium.

4 The appellant received a salary of $1,000 to $1,200 a month and his tasks
included the recruitment and deployment of manpower, liaising with clients and
effecting salary payments to security guards. It was his duty to obtain an
applicant’s personal particulars, photograph, copies of educational papers and
testimonials, so as to submit an application to the Licensing Division of the
Singapore Police Force (“the Licensing Division”) for approval to employ the
applicant. An additional clearance certificate from the Malaysian government
or work permit was required of applicants who were Malaysian citizens. Under
reg 12(1)(_b_) of the Private Investigation and Security Agencies Regulations
(Cap 249, Rg 1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”), only after approval had been
obtained could the applicant be employed by the company as a security guard.

5 Anthony was introduced to Sivakami by a friend and subsequently stayed at
Sivakami’s flat in Choa Chu Kang Central for a rental fee of $150 a month. It
was undisputed that Sivakami knew Anthony was an Indian national. Sivakami
offered Anthony work as a relief security guard at the condominium and he
started work on 11 October 2004. Anthony worked two to three days a week and
was remunerated the sum of $35 a working day or $1,050 a month.

6 Anthony was arrested on 23 November 2004 when the police conducted a raid on
Sivakami’s flat. He pleaded guilty to an offence under s 15(3)(_a_) of the Act
for unlawfully remaining in Singapore for 79 days and was convicted and
sentenced to one month’s imprisonment. Sivakami pleaded guilty to having
abetted the appellant in employing Anthony and another illegal immigrant and
agreed to have two other charges of harbouring Anthony and the other illegal
immigrant taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. Sivakami was
convicted and sentenced to serve a total of nine months’ imprisonment.

**Evidence at the trial below**

**_Anthony’s evidence_**

7  Anthony was the Prosecution’s main witness at the trial below. In a
statement to the police recorded on 29 November 2004 (P8), Anthony stated that
he received his salary on three occasions:

(a) $100 on 20 October 2004;

(b) $550 on 4 November 2004; and

(c) $200 on 22 November 2004.

He received his salary from the appellant directly on the first two occasions
and from Sivakami on the third. Anthony also stated that he had paid Sivakami
rent on four occasions:

(a) $100 when he shifted in;

(b) $50 about four days later;

(c) $150 in November 2004 after he received his salary; and

(d) $175 after he received $200 from her.

8 The relevant question and answer portion in Anthony’s statement (P8) is as
follows:

Q 17: When did [the appellant] first meet you?

A 17: He met me about 3 days after I started work. It was sometime about 14
October 2004 in the morning. He saw me at the guard house. He asked me whether
I am the new worker brought in by [Sivakami]. … He also asked me to submit a
copy of a Singapore IC and two photos.

…

Q 20: Does [the appellant] know that you are an Indian national?

A 20: Yes. He did ask me where I am from and I replied that I am from India.
He told me not to identify myself as an Indian national.

9 The relevant portions of Anthony’s further statement to the police recorded
on 6 December 2004 (P8A) are reproduced below:

Q 5: Did [the appellant] tell [Ramani] anything about you?

A 5: [Ramani] asked [the appellant] whether I am an Indian national or local.
[The appellant] replied that I am a younger brother of a Singaporean friend. I
heard the conversation and understood it as it was in Tamil.

…

Q 8: Did you introduce yourself as a Malaysian to [the appellant]?

A 8: No.

…

Q 13: Does [the appellant] know that you are an Indian national?

A 13: Yes. I told him.

Q 14: Does [the appellant] know that you were staying at [Sivakami’s] house?

A 14: Yes. [Sivakami] have spoken to [the appellant] asking for the rent
amount to be paid directly to her from my salary. I told [the appellant] not
to do so and that I would pay her once I received my salary.

Anthony twice testified that he had given both statements voluntarily.

10 At trial, however, Anthony’s evidence was that he first met the appellant
at the condominium on 13 October 2004, when the appellant asked him for his
photograph and National Registration Identity Card (“NRIC”). He told the
appellant that he did not have these documents with him and would hand them to
the appellant in two days. Subsequently, neither the appellant nor Sivakami
asked Anthony to produce the documents and Anthony did not see the appellant
again. Anthony testified that since the appellant asked for his NRIC, the
appellant must have assumed he was a Singaporean and therefore did not ask him
what his nationality was. Anthony also testified that he did not say anything
in reply to the question posed by the recorder of his statement (P8) as to
whether the appellant knew that he was an Indian national. He explained to the
court that he told Sivakami that he was an Indian national and wanted a job
and thought Sivakami would have related this to the appellant.

11 Anthony further testified that he did not receive his salary directly from
the appellant. Sivakami would collect his salary on his behalf, deduct the
rental moneys due to her and hand the balance to him. He said that his entire
salary from the time he started work until his arrest was $550, and that he
only received two payments from Sivakami totalling $325 after she deducted the
rental moneys due to her. He denied saying in his statement (P8) that the
appellant paid him directly on two occasions.

12 On further examination by the Prosecution, Anthony said that on 22 November
2004, the night before his arrest, he asked Sivakami how was it that he had
not received any salary, and was told that his rental sum had been deducted
from his salary. He then said he remembered that on the eve of his arrest,
Sivakami collected $225 and paid him $40 after deducting the rental sum.

13 In view of the patent inconsistencies between Anthony’s statements (P8 and
P8A) and his testimony, the Prosecution applied to cross-examine Anthony after
he was allowed, pursuant to s 161 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed),
to refer to his statements to refresh his memory. The application was allowed
and after refreshing his memory, Anthony confirmed the three occasions on
which he received his salary, namely, $100 on 20 October 2004, $550 on 4
November 2004 and $200 on 22 November 2004. Anthony clarified, however, that
what he meant by the appellant paying him “directly” was that the appellant
paid his salary over to Sivakami in his presence. Sivakami would immediately
deduct the rent owed to her and give Anthony the balance on the spot. He
repeated that the appellant had asked him where he was from and he reported
that he was from India, whereupon the appellant told him not to identify
himself as an Indian national.[note: 1] Anthony clarified that when the
appellant _first_ asked him for his NRIC and photograph, he thought that the
appellant did not know that he was an Indian national.

14 On cross-examination by counsel for the Defence, Anthony testified that the
appellant only spoke to him on the one occasion on 13 October 2004 when the
appellant asked for his NRIC and photograph, and he agreed to give the
documents to him two days later even though he had no valid identification
documents. Anthony had also seen the appellant come by the guardroom on about
three occasions; Anthony saw the appellant at close range on two occasions and
at a distance on one occasion. On the occasions that Anthony saw the appellant
at close range, the appellant had come to “hand over the salary to Sivakami”.

15 Anthony also testified that he witnessed the proprietor of JSS asking the
appellant who he was, remarking that he looked like someone from India, to
which the appellant replied that he was the brother of a Singaporean friend.
Both Ramani and the appellant subsequently testified, however, that such a
conversation had never taken place.

16 Surprisingly, Anthony then testified that he had never told the appellant
that he was an Indian national but had only assumed that the appellant knew he
was an Indian national.[note: 2] Anthony explained his answers to Question 20
in his statement (P8) and Question 13 in his further statement (P8A) (see [8]
and [9] above) by saying that on the two occasions in the guardroom when the
appellant came to pay Sivakami Anthony’s salary, the appellant had remarked to
Sivakami in Anthony’s presence that Anthony looked like an Indian national. On
the first occasion, Anthony did not reply to the appellant’s remark; on the
second occasion, Anthony’s reply that he was an Indian national was directed
at Sivakami, not the appellant.[note: 3] He assumed that whatever remark he
made to Sivakami “would be directed to the [appellant] somehow”. Anthony
affirmed, however, that he remembered the appellant directly telling him not
to identify himself as an Indian national.[note: 4]

17 On further cross-examination, Anthony testified that the appellant had
never told him not to identify himself as an Indian national. According to
Anthony, it was Sivakami who told him not to identify himself as an Indian
national but “I understood it as the [appellant’s] view coming to me from
Sivakami”.[note: 5] Anthony concluded at the end of his cross-examination that
the appellant would not have known that he was an Indian national.

18 At the conclusion of Anthony’s testimony, the court granted the
Prosecution’s application made pursuant to s 147(3) of the Evidence Act to
substitute Anthony’s oral evidence with the evidence in his statements (P8 and
P8A).

**_The appellant’s evidence_**

19 The Prosecution also adduced in evidence the appellant’s statement to the
police (P10) recorded on 1 December 2004 and further statement (P10A) recorded
on 17 January 2005. It was not disputed that both statements had been
voluntarily recorded. The appellant had stated in P10 that one “Syed” had
recommended Anthony to him and that he interviewed Anthony for the post of
security guard. The appellant then stated in P10A that it was actually
Sivakami who had recommended both Anthony and Syed to him; Sivakami had
previously asked the appellant not to tell the police that she had recommended
them to him. In both statements, the appellant stated that Anthony had
introduced himself as a Malaysian and that he had chased Anthony for his
identification documents but Anthony kept delaying in giving them to him. The
appellant did not send Anthony’s particulars for screening with the Licensing
Division as Anthony did not want to make Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
contributions. The appellant stated that he had no idea that Anthony was an
Indian national and would not have employed him had he known this. In his
cautioned statement (D1) under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) adduced by the Defence, the appellant stated that he was
unaware the Anthony was a foreign national who had overstayed.

20 In his defence, the appellant stated that his duties also required him to
visit the various sites to which JSS provided security services. He visited
each site about once or twice a week but gave the site supervisors the
responsibility to run their sites. The supervisors were delegated with powers
to recruit security guards and pay the guards’ salaries on the appellant’s
behalf. Sivakami had called to inform him that Anthony had started working at
the condominium on 11 October 2004 and that he was staying with her. The
appellant stated that the only time he had spoken to Anthony was on 13 October
2004 at Rear Gate No 2 of the condominium. Anthony was wearing a security
guard’s uniform. The appellant spoke to Anthony in English and asked for two
of his photographs, his NRIC and education certificates. He also explained the
pay structure to Anthony and that JSS would pay his CPF contributions after he
had been employed for three months according to the company’s practice. The
appellant did not ask Anthony for his NRIC again after 13 October 2004,
attributing this omission to carelessness, busyness and having been under
tremendous pressure as he was a one-man show at work and his wife was about to
give birth to their second child. He nevertheless admitted that it was a
simple procedure to ask an applicant for his NRIC, verify his identity and
fill out the application form for the Licensing Division and that the entire
process took all of five to ten minutes. He claimed that he had intended to
submit Anthony’s application to the Licensing Division at the end of November
2004.

21 The appellant denied having asked Anthony where he was from or telling him
not to identify himself as an Indian national. He also denied the incident in
the guardroom when he commented that Anthony looked like a foreigner or having
heard Anthony’s reply that he was an Indian national. The appellant testified
that it was only upon being informed of Anthony’s arrest that he realised that
Anthony was an Indian national. He claimed that he had no reason to believe
that Anthony was an illegal immigrant as he had offered Anthony the same
salary of $1,050 paid to all guards. Anthony had worked as a relief security
guard for about 15 to 20 days before his arrest. The appellant testified that
he made the payments of Anthony’s salary through Sivakami.

22 The appellant claimed he had believed Anthony to be a Singaporean because
when he asked Anthony for his NRIC and photograph in English Anthony replied
“okay” and said he would pass them to Sivakami. He was reinforced in his
belief because of Anthony’s behaviour and attire and because Anthony could
understand and speak English and Malay. During the appellant’s ten or more
visits to the condominium, he had seen Anthony speaking in Malay to the
residents at Rear Gate No 2 of the condominium. The appellant denied asking
Anthony where he was from and whether he was an Indian national. He also
denied telling Anthony not to identify himself as an Indian national. The
appellant explained that he had said in his statements (P10 and P10A) that
Anthony told him he was a Malaysian because Sivakami had pleaded with the
appellant to help her by informing the police that he believed Anthony to be a
Malaysian because the government would seize her flat. The appellant
maintained that he had no idea that Anthony was an Indian national until
Anthony’s arrest.

23  The appellant admitted that he had not exercised due diligence in
ascertaining the true identity of Anthony before allowing him to work as a
security guard, but denied that he had reasonable grounds to believe that
Anthony was an Indian national.

24 The Prosecution did not call Sivakami to testify and offered her as a
witness to the Defence, but Sivakami was not called as a Defence witness.

**The decision below**

25 In view of the evidence, the trial judge noted that the only issue to be
determined was whether, in employing Anthony as a security guard, the
appellant either knew or had reasonable grounds to believe that Anthony was an
immigration offender: _Assathamby s/o Karupiah v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 744;
_Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 702.

26 The trial judge further stated that the appellant as the operations manager
of JSS was required under the Act to exercise due diligence before employing a
(foreign) worker, as stipulated by s 57(9) of the Act, which reads:

In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1)(_e_), it shall not be a
defence for the defendant to prove that the person employed by him was in
possession of a pass or permit issued to the person under this Act or the
regulations unless the defendant further proves that he had exercised due
diligence to ascertain that the pass or permit was at the material time valid
under this Act or the regulations.

Section 57(10) of the Act further provides:

For the purpose of subsection (9), a defendant who is charged with an offence
under subsection (1)(_e_) shall not be deemed to have exercise[d] due
diligence unless the defendant —

(_a_) has inspected the permit or pass issued to the person employed by him;

(_b_) has checked the permit or pass to ascertain that the particulars on the
passport of the person employed by him materially correspond with the
particulars set out in the permit or pass; and

(_c_) where the person employed by him is a holder of a visit pass, has
reasonable grounds for believing that the person had, at the material time, in
force a work permit issued under the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap.
91A) or had obtained the written consent of the Controller.

27  The trial judge opined that if the appellant indeed believed Anthony to be
a Singaporean, he should have insisted that Anthony produced his NRIC on the
ten or so occasions that he had visited the condominium and seen Anthony
working as a security guard. Alternatively, if he believed Anthony to be a
Malaysian as he stated in his statements (P10 and P10A), he should have
required Anthony to produce his NRIC and work permit to him in order to
satisfy himself that Anthony could be legally employed. The appellant did
neither. The trial judge thus found that Anthony had not exercised due
diligence in the circumstances.

28  The trial judge held that the only reasonable inference to be drawn from
the appellant not having insisted that Anthony produce his photographs and
NRIC to him and not having submitted an application to the Licensing Division
for approval of Anthony’s employment as a security guard was that the
appellant knew or had reason to believe that Anthony was an immigration
offender who could not be legally employed. As Anthony could not produce any
identification papers, it would have served no useful purpose to submit an
application to obtain approval of Anthony’s employment.

29 The trial judge further held that the appellant had evidently wilfully shut
his eyes to the fact that Anthony was an immigration offender, as had he
confronted Anthony and persisted in obtaining proper identification from him,
he would have easily discovered that Anthony was an Indian national who had
illegally overstayed in Singapore and could not be legally employed. Even
Defence witness Selvarajah Janathan testified that when he sought employment
as a security guard with JSS, he was required to and had produced his
Singapore Permanent Resident NRIC to the appellant for inspection after
working for about a week. The trial judge found it peculiar that the appellant
did not see to it that Anthony produced the requisite documents to him to
inspect, particularly when he knew that he would be contravening the
Regulations.

30 The Prosecution’s second witness, Ramani, had testified that, during the
material time, it was possible for an applicant to commence work as a security
guard pending approval as there was a grace period of two to four weeks to
submit an application to the Licensing Division. JSS would be penalised by the
Licensing Division if it employed a security guard after the grace period
without approval. The trial judge however found the appellant’s defence that
he had a grace period of two to four weeks to submit Anthony’s application to
be unmeritorious as the appellant had exceeded the time allocated to him to do
so. The trial judge found the appellant’s excuses of being overloaded with
work to be without merit. The appellant had acted in contravention of the
Regulations by deliberately employing Anthony without the approval of the
Licensing Division. Had Anthony not been arrested, he would probably still be
working as a security guard without proper approval.

31  The trial judge disbelieved the appellant’s defence that he believed
Anthony to be a Singaporean as the appellant had in his own statement (P10)
recorded on 1 December 2004 stated that Anthony told him that he was a
Malaysian. The trial judge further disbelieved the appellant’s oral
explanation that Sivakami pleaded with him to lie to the police that Anthony
was a Malaysian as she was not called by the Defence to testify that she had
done so. If the appellant’s explanation was to be believed, it would mean that
he had deliberately lied to the police that Anthony told him he was a
Malaysian and had kept up the lie when the further statement (P10A) was
recorded from him more than six weeks later on 17 January 2005. Even upon
being informed of the charge against him for an offence under s 57(1)(_e_) of
the Act, the appellant did not mention in his cautioned statement (D1) that he
believed Anthony to be a Singaporean or that Sivakami had told him to lie that
Anthony was a Malaysian. The trial judge surmised that the only reasonable
conclusion to be drawn from all this was that the appellant’s defence that he
believed Anthony to be a Singaporean could not be true.

32 As regards Anthony’s evidence, the trial judge stated that having seen and
heard Anthony testify, he was adequately satisfied that Anthony’s explanations
for the material contradictions between his statements to the police and his
oral testimony were but attempts to conceal the truth. Anthony had
prevaricated in his testimony even on the payment of his salary. It was
apparent to the trial judge that Anthony was evasive and minded to hide the
truth from the court for reasons best known to himself. The trial judge was
accordingly satisfied that what Anthony had stated in his statements (P10 and
P10A) were closer to the truth than his oral testimony and should be taken as
substantive evidence in substitution of his oral testimony, especially with
regard to the fact that the appellant either knew or had reasonable grounds to
believe that Anthony was an Indian national and yet still employed him as a
security guard.

33  Having considered all the evidence, the trial judge was satisfied that the
Prosecution had proved the charge against the appellant beyond a reasonable
doubt. The trial judge thus found the appellant guilty and convicted him on
the said charge.

**The appeal**

34 The presumption of knowledge in s 57(8) of the Act did not apply against
the appellant as Anthony had been found in Sivakami’s flat. The Prosecution
thus had the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant
had reasonable grounds for believing that Anthony was an immigration offender.

35 Based on the appellant’s inaction in not compelling Anthony to produce his
photographs and NRIC or submitting an application to the Licensing Division
for approval of Anthony’s employment, the trial judge held that the only
reasonable inference was that the appellant knew or had reason to believe that
Anthony was an immigration offender who could not be legally employed. It is
trite law that an appellate court ought to be slow to overturn the findings of
fact made by the trial judge, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s
assessment of the credibility and veracity of witnesses, unless they are
clearly wrong or wholly against the weight of the evidence. Should the
appellate court wish to reverse the trial judge’s decision, it must not merely
entertain doubts as to whether the decision is right, but must be convinced
that it is wrong: _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713; _PP v Poh Oh Sim_ [1990]
SLR 1047; _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704. However, the appellate
court is as competent as any trial judge to draw any necessary inferences of
fact from the primary facts and circumstances of the case: _PP v Choo Thiam
Hock_ [1994] 3 SLR 248; _PP v Rozman bin Jusoh_ [1995] 3 SLR 317; _Yap Giau
Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656.

36 The appellant’s contentions on appeal were that the trial judge erred in:

(a) placing weight on Anthony’s statements (P8 and P8A) and failing to
consider and apply the safeguards in s 147(6) of the Evidence Act; and

(b) applying the due diligence standard in ss 57(9) and 57(10) of the Act to
the appellant and finding that the appellant possessed the requisite _mens
rea_ to warrant his conviction.

**_The weight to be attached to Anthony’s statements_**

37 The appellant acknowledged that though the trial judge had not
categorically stated that Anthony’s credit had been impeached pursuant to s
157(_c_) of the Evidence Act by proof of former statements inconsistent with
any part of his sworn oral evidence, it appeared from the general tenor of his
grounds of decision that he considered Anthony’s credit to have been
impeached.

38  It is established law that when the credibility of a witness is sought to
be impeached, there is no requirement that the trial judge must, at any stage
of the trial, make a ruling on whether the credit of the witness has been
impeached. The court is only required to consider the discrepancies and the
explanation proffered by the witness for the purpose of an overall assessment
of his credibility. An impeachment of the witness’s credit does not
automatically lead to a total rejection of his evidence and the court remains
under a duty to evaluate the evidence in its entirety to determine which
aspect of it should be accepted or disregarded: see, _eg_ , _Loganatha
Venkatesan v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 677 at [56] and _Low Siew Hwa Kenneth v PP_
[2003] 3 SLR 448 at [50].

39  The appellant contended, however, that the trial judge failed to
adequately set out his reasoning as to his acceptance of Anthony’s statements
in preference to his evidence in court and as to the weight to be attached to
Anthony’s statements. The appellant argued that Anthony’s statements were
recorded in relation to the charges of harbouring against Sivakami and the
appellant’s offence of employment of an illegal immigrant was not being
investigated at that time. Further, portions of Anthony’s statements appeared
unreliable – the conversation between Ramani and the appellant whereby the
appellant purportedly told Ramani that the appellant was the younger brother
of a Singaporean friend was denied by both Ramani and the appellant to have
taken place. Anthony had explained the inconsistencies between his statements
and his oral testimony, which explanations the trial judge found were made to
conceal the truth without ascertaining why there was a need for Anthony to lie
in court. The appellant further averred that as the Prosecution had relied on
Anthony’s statements, the Prosecution should have called Sivakami as a witness
in order to establish the truth of the contents of the statement but they did
not do so. The appellant submitted that, given these considerations, the trial
judge had placed undue weight on the portions of Anthony’s statements which
were incriminating in respect of the appellant.

40  I found the appellant’s contentions to be without merit. In admitting a
witness’ prior inconsistent statements as substantive evidence of the facts
therein, the trial judge should look to the factors stipulated in s 147(6) of
the Evidence Act and elaborated upon by case law for guidance in considering
the weight to be attached to a prior inconsistent statement. These factors
include the contemporaneity of the statement with the occurrence or existence
of the facts stated, the possibility of misrepresentation, the explanation of
the inconsistencies, the context of the statement and the cogency and
coherence of the facts relied on: _PP v Sng Siew Ngoh_ [1996] 1 SLR 143; _Chai
Chien_ _Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25. The trial judge was cognisant of
these factors and had applied these principles in admitting Anthony’s
statements and substituting the evidence therein for his oral evidence. The
trial judge was clearly satisfied as to the truth of Anthony’s statements.

41  After a thorough perusal of the notes of evidence, it was clear to me that
Anthony’s testimony was riddled with inconsistencies as well as attempts to
formulate untruths and distort the evidence in order to protect the appellant.
The Prosecution rightly pointed out in its submissions that Anthony’s
responses on examination and cross-examination were contrived to disassociate
himself from the appellant as much as possible in respect of the crucial
issues. Anthony persisted in his unconvincingly piecemeal attempts throughout
the course of his testimony to persuade the court that no direct conversation
had ever transpired between them. He even went as far as to say that it was
actually Sivakami who related to him that the appellant remarked that he
looked like an Indian national, but the appellant could not have heard his
response to Sivakami that he was an Indian national despite having been
present in the same small guardroom as the appellant was “checking on his
walkie talkie” and there was noise coming from the nearby switchroom.[note: 6]
The appellant himself subsequently claimed that he could not have heard the
exchange that transpired between Sivakami and Anthony because there was no
chance that Sivakami and Anthony would have been in the same guardroom as only
one security officer was needed at the guardroom at any point in time.[note:
7] I agree with the Prosecution’s deduction that the conversation between the
appellant and Anthony in the guardroom as to Anthony’s Indian nationality had
in fact taken place, and the attempts of both Anthony and the appellant to
hide this fact had only resulted in inconsistent and inherently incredible
accounts on their parts.

42 It was clear from his detailed grounds of decision that the trial judge had
scrutinised the various testimonies and the objective evidence meticulously.
As the trier of fact, the district judge was well-placed to observe the
demeanour of the witnesses and to assess their evidence. In my opinion, the
trial judge had clearly come to the right conclusion that “what Anthony had
stated in his statements (P10 and P10A) were closer to the truth than his oral
testimony and that his statements should substitute his oral testimony
especially with regard to the fact that the [appellant] either knew or had
reasonable grounds to believe that he was an Indian national and had employed
him as a security guard” (see _PP v R Alagiyasolan_ [2005] SGDC 253.)

43 The appellant’s allegation that the Prosecution had failed to call Sivakami
to substantiate its case was also without merit as Sivakami had been offered
as a witness to the Defence. It had clearly been open to the Defence to call
Sivakami as a witness to corroborate the evidence relied upon by the Defence,
but it had chosen not to do so for reasons best known to itself.

**_Knowledge or reason to believe Anthony was an overstayer_**

44  The appellant submitted that the trial judge misdirected himself in
applying the due diligence standard in ss 57(9) and 57(10) of the Act to the
appellant. The appellant averred that ss 57(9) and 57(10) had no application
to the present case as there was no issue as to whether Anthony had indeed
shown a pass or permit to the appellant. The appellant thus argued that the
trial judge erred in adopting a higher standard than necessary in applying the
due diligence test in the appellant’s case and concluding that the appellant’s
failure to exercise due diligence showed that he had wilfully shut his eyes to
the obvious.

45 It was indeed unnecessary for the trial judge to apply the due diligence
test as enumerated in s 57(10) of the Act to the appellant. Subsections (9)
and (10) were inserted into s 57 of the Act by an amendment in 1993, which
came into effect on 22 April 1994, following the decision in _Naranjan Singh
s/o Ujagar Singh v PP_ [1993] SGHC 38, to deal with cases where persons
charged with employing immigration offenders were able to procure an acquittal
by arguing that they had checked the employees’ work permits even if the
permits turned out later to have been forged: see, _eg_ , _Kuek Ah Lek v PP_
[1995] 3 SLR 252. Given that the appellant had not even pleaded the defence in
s 57(9), the question of whether or not the appellant had exercised due
diligence thus did not arise.

46 This ground of appeal, however, did not assist the appellant as he had not
even bothered to check whether the appellant had valid identification
documents, let alone any work permit. His sole defence was that of ignorance.
As I emphasised in _Kuek Ah Lek v PP_ at 262, [43]:

In _Naranjan Singh_ , the defendant had _neither inquired from his employee
his employment status nor checked his passport. It was a case where the
defendant did absolutely nothing to screen his employees. That being so, he
was clearly negligent or reckless_. It was in this context that I said that
there was a duty on the part of employers to screen their foreign workers. _If
he had not done anything to screen the workers, then it would be no defence to
say that he was ignorant of his workers’ employment and immigration status._
[emphasis added]

I had also expressed in _Lim Gim Chong v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 825 at 831, [23]
that:

Conduct which Parliament has resolved to categorize as being criminal cannot
be so readily absolved by blithe declarations of ignorance, unless distinct
evidence is also adduced to that effect.

47 When cross-examined, the appellant had produced daily attendance sheets (D3
and D4) of the security guards working at the condominium in October and
November 2004. An undated salary voucher (D2) that the appellant produced
proved that Anthony had received a basic pay of $760 and was given an advance
of $200. All these records proved that Anthony was properly employed as a
security guard and was on the company payroll from October 2004 until his
arrest on 23 November 2004. The appellant, however, relied on the fact that
Anthony was paid the same salary as all the other guards as being inconsistent
with the appellant having shut his eyes to the obvious, citing the cases of
_Kuek Ah Lek v PP_ ([45] _supra_ at [33]) and _Mohamed Lukman bin Amoo v PP_
[1999] 4 SLR 292 at [40]. The appellant further argued that although he had
had two to four weeks to make Anthony’s application to the Licensing Division
and Anthony had worked for six to seven weeks, Anthony had only worked for 15
to 20 days and not the entire six-to seven-week period. Thus, the appellant’s
failure to make an application within the grace period did not in itself show
that he knew Anthony was an illegal immigrant.

48 I rejected these arguments as wholly unmeritorious. The salary paid to an
illegal immigrant worker was only one of the factors to be considered.
Employers may recruit illegal immigrants not due to the lower costs but
because they are in need of labour. Further, the duration for which Anthony
had been employed or the exact number of days he had worked was irrelevant.
Anthony should not have been employed in the first place.

49 It was undisputed that the appellant was ultimately responsible for the
recruitment and management of the security guards employed by JSS. The
appellant was aware of the requirements of the Regulations. Defence witness
Selvarajah Janathan had testified that when he sought employment as a security
guard with JSS, he produced his Singapore Permanent Resident NRIC to the
appellant for inspection after working for about a week and had filled in an
application form with his personal particulars and submitted it to the
appellant. The appellant had had ample opportunity after 13 October 2004 when
he asked Anthony for his NRIC and photographs to procure these documents from
Anthony during his many subsequent visits to the condominium. Instead, the
appellant was content to let things be until the date of Anthony’s arrest on
23 November 2004. It is clear that it was no defence for the appellant to now
claim that he had been ignorant of Anthony’s immigration status.

50 In my view, the trial judge’s disbelief of the appellant’s defences was
buttressed by the objective evidence and even the appellant’s own testimony at
trial. I had no hesitation in drawing the inference on the totality of the
evidence that the appellant knew or had reason to believe that Anthony was an
immigration offender. The appellant was in a position of responsibility and it
was his duty to ensure that all security guards were legally employed. This,
he failed to do. I therefore find that the Prosecution had proved beyond a
reasonable doubt that the appellant was guilty as charged and dismissed the
appeal accordingly.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Notes of Evidence (“NE”) p 13A.

[note: 2] NE pp 34E to 35A.

[note: 3] NE pp 37B and 45D.

[note: 4] NE p 38A.

[note: 5] NE pp 45B and 46B.

[note: 6] NE pp 46D and 50A.

[note: 7] NE p 104E.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Mar 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

