Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Choi Guo Hong Edward  
[2006] SGHC 226

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 18/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  April Phang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the Prosecution; Respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Choi Guo Hong Edward   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Whether enhanced
punishment by way of mandatory imprisonment applicable to offences of abetting
unlicensed moneylender to carry out business as moneylender – Whether district
judge erring in failing to impose mandatory imprisonment terms for such
offences – Whether enhanced punishment applicable only to principal offence –
Section 8(1)(b) Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed), s 109 Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

11 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

**The facts**

1 This criminal revision relates to an omission by a district court to impose
mandatory imprisonment terms on the respondent.

2 On 26 October 2006, the respondent, aged 23, pleaded guilty before a
district judge to three charges of abetting an unlicensed moneylender to carry
out business as a moneylender, an offence under s 8(1)(b) of the Moneylenders
Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Code”). Two other counts under the same provisions of
law were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentence. All the charges
further alleged that the respondent, before committing the said offences, had
on 10 December 2004 been convicted of a charge (DAC 51127/2004) in the
Subordinate Courts, Singapore under the same provisions of law for an offence
of abetting unlicensed moneylending and that he was thereby liable to enhanced
punishment under the said s 8(1)(b). In DAC 51127/2004, the respondent was
fined $10,000 and, in default of payment, to undergo six weeks’ imprisonment.
He did not pay the fine.

3 According to the statement of facts, the respondent was spotted in the
vicinity of a block of flats by a police officer who was performing patrol
duties on 27 September 2006 at about 4.30am. The respondent had with him a
piece of blank paper and a blue pen. The respondent was unable to give a
satisfactory account on what he was doing there at that time of the morning.
The police officer saw some writing on the wall at the staircase landing of
the second floor, which was in typical moneylending jargon telling a debtor to
pay up his debt. He then arrested the respondent.

4 In July 2006, the respondent borrowed money from an unlicensed moneylender
named Mark. As he was unable to repay Mark, he agreed to work as a runner for
Mark for at least two to three months in order to work off the loan. As a
runner, the respondent had to go to a debtor’s flat to check whether there was
evidence of harassment by other loan sharks so that Mark’s syndicate could
decide whether to lend that debtor money or whether to harass that debtor for
repayment of any loan taken. The respondent would also check if other runners
had gone to harass a debtor as instructed by Mark and to report to him on
whether there were closed circuit television cameras installed in the vicinity
of a debtor’s flat. However, the three charges to which the respondent pleaded
guilty concerned his acts in checking out the respective debtors’ flats (in
various housing estates) for evidence of harassment by other unlicensed
moneylenders and reporting the situation to Mark, so as to assist him in
deciding whether to give a loan or to harass the occupant for repayment.

5 The respondent had a number of antecedents relating to abuse of intoxicating
substances and controlled drugs. His last brush with the law was in the said
DAC 51127/2004. In conjunction with that offence, he was also convicted for
vandalism and sentenced to two months in prison together with three strokes of
the cane.

6 In respect of the three charges to which the respondent pleaded guilty and
was convicted, the district judge sentenced him for each charge to a fine of
$20,000, and in default, two months in prison. He failed to pay the fines and
is therefore serving a total of six months’ imprisonment in default. As
mentioned earlier, the district judge did not impose imprisonment terms for
the three charges, which, as indicated in the charges, is mandatory under s
8(1)(b)(ii) of the Act for second or subsequent offences under that section.
Upon realization of that omission, the district judge forwarded the record of
proceedings to the High Court in order that the said error might be rectified
by the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary powers.

**The revision before the High Court**

7 The respondent was not legally represented before the district judge and
before me but Deputy Public Prosecutor (“the DPP”) April Phang has been most
helpful in drawing my attention to the relevant issues of law involved in this
revision.

8 Section 109 of the Penal Code states:

Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no provision is made by this Code for the
punishment of such abetment, shall be punished with the punishment provided
for the offence.

9 Section 8(1)(b) of the Moneylenders Act reads:

If any person –

(a) …

(b) carries on business as a moneylender without holding a licence, or being
licensed as a moneylender, carries on business as such in any name other than
his authorised name or at any place other than his authorised address or
addresses;

…

he shall be guilty of an offence and –

> (i) in the case of a first offence, shall be liable on conviction to a fine
> of not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 or to imprisonment for a
> term not exceeding 2 years or to both;
>
> (ii) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall be liable on
> conviction to a fine of not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 and
> shall also be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years;
> and in the case of an offender being a company, shall be liable on
> conviction to a fine of not less than $40,000 and not more than $400,000.
>
> …

10 The DPP submitted that the issue before the High Court was whether enhanced
punishment (by way of mandatory imprisonment) was applicable to the offence of
abetment of an offence under s 8(1)(b) of the Moneylenders Act or whether the
enhanced punishment applied only to the principal offence.

11 In _Choy Tuck Sum v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 665, the appellant claimed trial and
was convicted on a charge of abetting another person in the offence of
employing a foreign worker without a valid work permit, an offence under s
5(1) read with s 23 of the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997
Rev Ed) (“the EFWA”) and punishable under s 5(6) of the same Act. Sections
5(1) and (6) state:

**5.** -(1) No person shall employ a foreign worker unless he has obtained in
respect of the foreign worker a valid work permit which allows the foreign
worker to work for him.

…

(6) Any person who fails to comply with or contravenes subsection (1) shall be
guilty of an offence and shall –

…

(b) on a second or subsequent conviction, be punished –

(i) in the case of an individual, with imprisonment for a term of not less
than a month and not more than 12 months and shall also be liable to a fine of
an amount of not less than 24 months’ levy and not more than 48 months’ levy;

…

Section 23(1) of the said Act provides:

Any person who abets the commission of an offence under this Act shall be
guilty of the offence and shall be liable on conviction to be punished with
the punishment provided for that offence.

12 The appellant in that case had a previous conviction for an offence under s
5(1) of the EFWA in 1993 for which he was fined $9,600. The trial judge in
that case took the view that the conviction on the abetment offence
constituted a second conviction and therefore imposed the mandatory custodial
sentence, ordering the appellant to serve the minimum one month’s imprisonment
and to pay a fine of $7,920. The appellant appealed to the High Court, arguing
that he should not have been regarded as a repeat offender under the said s
5(6).

13 Yong Pung How CJ dismissed the appeal, holding that s 23(1) EFWA was a
general and all-encompassing provision that applied to all the sections in the
EFWA that was liability-creating. From the plain words of s 23(1), a person
who abetted the commission of any offence under the EFWA would be considered
as being guilty of the substantive principal offence and would be subject to
the same punishment provided for the principal offence. Section 23(1) did not
provide specifically for the punishment for the offence of abetment. From the
parliamentary debates, it was apparent that the mischief which the EFWA was
intended to deal with extended to the illegal employment of foreign workers
who had valid work permits. Bearing in mind this mischief, Yong CJ held that
the appellant was clearly a second offender under s 5(1) and was therefore
subject to the enhanced punishment provision. He also held that the enhanced
punishment provision would similarly apply if the situation had been the
converse, _ie,_ if the first conviction was for the abetment of an offence
under s 5(1) and the second conviction was for committing the substantive
offence.

14 However, Yong CJ added the following rider (at [16]):

Pausing here, it is necessary for me to emphasise that the above
interpretation is particular to the provisions of the EFWA, which were
specifically worded by Parliament in order to deal with the mischief behind
the Act. To illustrate this point, the wording in s 23(1) of the EFWA can be
contrasted with the general provisions on abetment in the Penal Code (Cap
224). Section 109 of the Penal Code provides that ‘whoever abets any offence
shall, if the act abetted is committed in consequence of the abetment, and no
express provision is made by this Code for the punishment of such abetment, be
punished with the punishment provided for the offence’. It should be noted
immediately that this provision, as well as the other abetment provisions in
the Penal Code, is unlike that of s 23(1) EFWA, in that it does not explicitly
provide that the abettor will be treated as being guilty of the substantive
offence. At a conceptual level and on the question of conviction, an abetment
offence is certainly still distinct from the substantive principal offence.
Therefore, the holding in this case should not be interpreted to mean that in
all cases, an abetment offence would automatically be treated as being the
same as the substantive principal offence. It also does not mean that a
conviction for an abetment offence will always attract enhanced punishment
once the accused person is shown to have a prior conviction for the principal
offence abetted. As I mentioned earlier, whether or not enhanced punishment
should be imposed would depend very much on the exact wording of the
provisions dealing with the abetment offence and the substantive principal
offence.

15 In the case before me, the amendments to the Moneylenders Act were effected
with effect from 1 January 2006. During the second reading of the amendment
bill, which introduced the enhanced punishment provisions, the Senior Minister
of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, said (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Record (21 November 2005) Volume 80 at column 1831):

Sir, this Bill seeks to amend the Moneylenders Act by introducing higher
penalties to curb the rise in illegal moneylending activities and related
harassment cases.

…

Sir, as for these amendments which are under consideration, Parliament should
send a strong signal to loansharks that we will not tolerate the conduct of
unlicensed moneylending activities, where exorbitant interest rates are
charged and borrowers and even non-borrowers are harassed in their own homes.
Therefore, this Bill seeks to increase the penalties for unlicensed
moneylending under the Moneylenders Act as follows:

…

Fourthly, repeat offenders of illegal moneylending will be subject to
mandatory imprisonment, whilst repeat offenders of harassment where hurt to
person or damage to property is caused will be subject to mandatory caning.

…

In conclusion, Sir, these amendments are needed to send a strong signal that
the Government has zero tolerance for unlicensed moneylending activities. The
enhanced deterrent effect should also help stem the increase that we have seen
in such activities.

16 Clearly, the legislative intent of the amendment was to provide enhanced
penalties and police powers to deal with the increase in unlicensed
moneylending activities and the attendant harassment of debtors arising
therefrom. Repeat offenders of illegal moneylending and of harassment would be
subject to enhanced punishments. Abetting such offences fall within the same
circle of social ills that the amendments hoped to curb although, unlike s 23
of the EFWA, they do not explicitly provide that the abettor will be treated
as being guilty of the substantive offence. In my view, that makes no
difference because s 109 of the Penal Code does say that the abettor of any
offence shall, in the absence of a provision in the Penal Code specifying the
punishment for such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for the
offence.

17 Section 109 of the Penal Code applies to the Moneylenders Act because s
40(2) of the Code provides that the “offence” in s 109 (and other sections)
“denotes a thing punishable under the Penal Code or under any other law for
the time being in force”. The principal offender under s 8(1)(b) of the Act
would have been punished according to the two tiers provided in that section,
depending on whether or not he was a second or subsequent offender. An
abettor, according to s 109 of the Code, would be punished in the same way,
_ie,_ according to the same two tiers of punishment. In the present case
therefore, although both the first and second convictions relate to abetment
of the principal offence of moneylending, the respondent would still be
subject to the enhanced punishment because that is how the principal offences
would have been dealt with. The district judge was therefore correct in
sending this case up for revision.

18 Section 8(1)(b) of the Moneylenders Act is worded in the same way as s 5 of
the Common Gaming Houses Act and the latter provision has been interpreted by
me in _Lim Li Ling v PP_ [2006] SGHC 184 to mean that a fine is discretionary
although if one is imposed, it has to be not less than the minimum set out in
the provision. The respondent here could therefore have been imprisoned by the
district judge without the need for a fine. In my opinion, a fine, coupled
with mandatory imprisonment, was appropriate for second and subsequent
offences under s 8(1)(b) of the Moneylenders Act (and for abetment thereof).
The respondent here was essentially performing nothing more than the role of a
scout on reconnaissance missions. The imposition of one month’s imprisonment
for each of the three charges proceeded with would therefore be adequate on
the facts of this case and I so ordered. Two of the three imprisonment terms
would run consecutively pursuant to s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Ed). As he is serving six months’ imprisonment in default of payment
of the fines imposed, he would now have to serve a total of eight months’
imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

