Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Da Vinci Collection Pte Ltd v Richemont International SA  
[2006] SGCA 19

Case Number | : | CA 57/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Tee Jim SC (Lee & Lee) for the appellant; Dedar Singh Gill and Penny Leng (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Da Vinci Collection Pte Ltd — Richemont International SA   
  
Injunctions – Interim injunction – Respondent suing appellant for infringement
of name mark – Respondent obtaining interim injunction restraining appellant
from advertising composite mark in relation to watches and watch straps in
conjunction with release of specific movie – Appellant appealing against grant
of interim injunction – Whether serious issue to be tried existing – Whether
damages adequate remedy should injunction not be granted – Whether balance of
convenience favouring granting of injunction  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Name mark – Whether name mark
infringed by composite mark comprising name mark and device – Whether
likelihood of confusion existing – Sections 27(1), 27(2) Trade Marks Act (Cap
332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

22 June 2006

Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Background**

1 This is an appeal by the appellant, Da Vinci Collection Pte Ltd, against the
decision of the learned trial judge (“the Judge”) made on 15 May 2006 granting
to the respondent, Richemont International SA, an interim injunction until
judgment or until further order restraining the appellant, as well as its
servants or agents, from advertising in any manner the mark

**[****LawNet** **Admin** **Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see
Image 1]**

(“the composite mark”) in relation to watches and watch straps in conjunction
with and/or in relation to the movie “The Da Vinci Code” scheduled to be
released in Singapore on 18 May 2006. The appellant has applied on 25 March
2004 to register the composite mark in Class 14 for, _inter alia_ , watches
and watch straps. The respondent has objected to the application, and the
determination of the application by the Registrar of Trade Marks is pending.

2 This is the appellant’s advertisement:

**[****LawNet** **Admin** **Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see
Image 2]**

3 It can be seen from the advertisement that what is being advertised in
connection with the release of the movie “The Da Vinci Code” is a diamond-
encrusted watch bearing the initials DV (“the DV initial mark”) on the dial.
The appellant is the registered proprietor of the DV initial mark in Class 14
for watches and watch straps. The appellant is selling the watches as fashion
accessories, together with jewellery and leather goods. As shown, the sale of
the watch with the DV initial mark is being advertised as part of the
appellant’s DA [device] VINCI jewellery collection, as seen on the lower right
hand corner of the advertisement. To give a closer look, this is the DV
initial mark on the watch:

**[****LawNet** **Admin** **Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see
Image 3]**

4 The interim injunction is extremely wide as it covers all watches and watch
straps, whether or not they have any marks on the dials or on the backs, and
whatever the marks might be. Thus, in the case of the advertisement in
question, the injunction applies to watches bearing the DV initial mark on
their dials. In these proceedings, the respondent produced a watch sold by the
appellant with the back of the watch face bearing the words DA VINCI above the
device. However, no watch has been produced bearing the composite mark on the
face or the back. Thus the objective of the respondent was not to stop the
appellant from selling watches with any mark (other than with the name “DA
VINCI” (“the name mark”)) but to prevent the appellant from _advertising_ its
watches using the composite mark for that purpose as shown in the
advertisement above. But looking at the advertisement closely, it should be
noted that the composite mark is not being used in relation to watches or
watch straps, but in relation to its jewellery and to the movie “The Da Vinci
Code”. The use of the composite mark in the advertisement in relation to
watches is one step removed and the watch that is actually being advertised is
not a DA VINCI watch but a DV watch.

5  The brief background facts are as follows. The respondent is the registered
proprietor of the trade mark “IWC”, the acronym for an internationally famous
watch company called “International Watch Company” which markets very
prestigious and upmarket watches under the “IWC” trade mark. Additionally, the
respondent is also the registered proprietor of the name mark “DA VINCI” in
Class 14 for watches and watch straps. The respondent claims that it has sold
watches bearing the “IWC” and “DA VINCI” marks together in Singapore since
1987, and that the value of such watches sold from 2000 to 2006 was about $6m
(or about $100,000 a month). These watches have been sold at the price of
about $5,000 to $40,000 a piece through accredited agents in Singapore.

6  The respondent claims that the appellant has also been selling in Singapore
since May 2004, and without the consent of the respondent, watches and watch
straps under the name mark “DA VINCI” as well as under the composite mark.

7  The respondent has commenced Suit No 800 of 2005 against the appellant for
infringement of its name mark under ss 27(1) and 27(2) of the Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and for damages. The appellant has denied
infringement and has counterclaimed for revocation of the respondent’s name
mark on the ground of non-use under ss 22 and 105 of the Act and for a
declaration of invalidity under s 23 of the Act and on the ground of bad faith
under s 7(6) of the Act.

8  On 26 April 2006, the Judge gave summary judgment to the respondent against
the appellant for infringement of the respondent’s name mark and also granted
an injunction to the respondent to restrain the appellant from infringing the
respondent’s registered trade mark “DA VINCI” by the use of the name mark “DA
VINCI” in relation to watches. The respondent did not apply for summary
judgment with respect to the appellant’s use of the composite mark on its
watches. This particular claim will go to trial. The appellant has appealed
against the summary judgment.

**Interim injunction against advertising of composite mark**

9  Subsequent to the summary judgment, the appellant began to advertise the
sale of its watches as shown in the advertisement (see [2] above) in
conjunction with the release in Singapore of the movie “The Da Vinci Code” on
18 May 2006. The respondent applied on 10 May 2006 to the court for an interim
injunction to restrain this advertising campaign. On 15 May 2006, the Judge
granted the order in terms of the order set out above, subject to an
undertaking to pay damages to be fortified by a banker’s guarantee for the sum
of $800,000. This sum represents the amount that the appellant has claimed to
have incurred in connection with this advertising campaign.

10  This appeal was heard on an expedited basis. On the basis of _American
Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC 396, counsel for the parties accepted
that the issues before the court were: (a) whether there was a serious
question to be tried; (b) if there was, whether damages would not be an
adequate remedy; and (c) where the balance of convenience lay.

11 Before we deal with these issues, we should reiterate what the interim
injunction was all about. The respondent’s complaint was not directed against
the use by the appellant of the DV initial mark on its watches. The complaint
was not even against the use of the composite mark as part of the advertising
campaign. It was the use of the composite mark in the advertisement _in
connection with scheduled release of the movie “The Da Vinci Code”._ It was
the publicity connected with the movie that the respondent was concerned
about, and the concern was that it would lead potential buyers of its DA VINCI
watches to believe that any watches as advertised originated from the
respondent. Hence, the outcome of the appeal before us turned on the effect of
the advertising campaign unleashed by the appellant. With this background in
mind, we now address the three issues.

**_Whether there was a serious issue to be tried_**

12  On point (a) counsel for the appellant contended that there was no serious
question to be tried because the composite mark was so different visually from
the respondent’s name mark that there was no likelihood of confusion among the
buyers of the parties’ respective watches, given the differences in the prices
of the watches, the design of the watches, the locations of the sales outlets
and the target consumers. Counsel for the appellant referred to _The
Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGCA 14 and
_Baywatch Production Co Ltd v Home Video Channel_ (1996) 37 IPR 12. On the
design of the watches, counsel for the appellant pointed out that the
respondent has never used the name mark “DA VINCI”, _but only its other mark
“IWC”_ , on the dial of its watches. The name mark “DA VINCI” is only used at
the back of its watches. Counsel contended that the name mark is not used to
indicate the origin of the watches but only to indicate a line of watches from
the “IWC” family of watches sold by the respondent. He also pointed out that
from May 2004 until the respondent’s court action in November 2005, there was
no evidence of actual confusion among watch buyers in Singapore between the
two marks and that the volume of sales of the respondent’s “DA VINCI” watches
was small, amounting to about $100,000 a month. As such, there was no
likelihood of confusion and therefore no serious issue to be tried. Counsel
for the appellant also pointed out that the underlying policy of trade mark
law is to protect consumers, not confer a monopoly on the trade mark owner:
registration does not give the registered owner a monopoly in his mark but
only an exclusionary right to exclude others using a similar mark in a way
that gives rise to a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

13  Counsel for the respondent contended there was a likelihood of confusion
as the two marks used the words “DA VINCI” and were identical except for the
device placed between the words “DA” and “VINCI” and that the composite mark
was being used on identical goods. He also submitted that there was no
difference aurally between the two marks as the device in the composite mark
was not pronounceable, and therefore everyone would call the composite mark
“DA VINCI”, thus giving rise to the likelihood of confusion between the two
marks among the public. Counsel for the respondent also argued that the name
mark was being used as a secondary mark on the respondent’s watches, as is
common in the trade, to indicate the origin of the watches.

14  Point (a) did not require the respondent to show at this stage of the
proceedings a _prima facie_ case that there was trade mark infringement but
only that its allegations were not frivolous or vexatious. But the respondent
had to show that there was a serious issue to be tried in relation to whether
there was a likelihood of confusion between the two marks to sustain its
interim injunction. As we were able to determine this appeal on the basis of
the other points, we did not think it was necessary or desirable for us to
decide point (a) as to whether there was a serious issue to be tried in
relation to the likelihood of confusion among the buyers of prestigious
watches. The reason is that the success of the respondent’s substantive action
against the appellant depends largely on the determination of this issue in
its favour. We do not wish that anything we say here on this issue may be
misconstrued or misunderstood and have an unintended effect on the
determination of this issue in the main action. If we have to assume that the
threshold of a serious issue to be tried has been crossed in the appeal, we
will do so in order to address point (a). However, we need to reiterate that
the appellant’s watch as shown in the advertisement bears the DV initial mark
on its dial, and it was the advertising of the watch using the composite mark
in connection with the screening of the movie “The Da Vinci Code”, and not the
sale of the watches, that was being objected to.

**_Whether damages an adequate remedy_**

_Irreparable damage_

15  On point (b) counsel for the appellant submitted that damages were an
adequate remedy as they could be easily calculated from the annual or monthly
sales of the watches sold under the name mark. The appellant was financially
sound and was able to meet such damages that the respondent might suffer as a
result of the appellant’s advertising campaign in conjunction with the
screening of the movie. On the other hand, the appellant asserted that its
losses were unquantifiable as it was impossible to know how many more watches
would have been sold as a result of the advertisement but for the interim
injunction. Other kinds of losses in connection with the appellant’s other
businesses could also flow from the “afterglow” and the positive knock-on
effects of its advertising campaign as well. Counsel for the appellant
contended that the fact that the appellant had the freedom to continue to sell
its watches did not mean that it would not suffer unquantifiable damage from
these other kinds of losses.

_Irrevocable loss of reputation and goodwill_

16  Counsel for the respondent submitted that the volume of sales was only one
factor in determining adequacy of damages. To the respondent, the most
important factor in this case was that if the appellant was allowed to
advertise and promote its watches in conjunction with the movie, the publicity
for the appellant’s watches would _“overwhelm” the respondent’s reputation and
goodwill in the mark for watches and create confusion in the public mind as to
the source or origin of watches bearing the mark “DA VINCI”_. This would cause
irreparable damage to the reputation of the respondent with respect to its
name mark. Damage to reputation and goodwill, it was argued, is always
irreparable. Counsel for the respondent referred to the decision in _Elan
Digital Systems Ltd v Elan Computers Ltd_ [1984] FSR 373 (“ _Elan_ ”). In that
case, the plaintiff had been using the name “ELAN” to market its EPROM
programmers since 1976. When the defendant on 15 June 1983 began to use the
same name to market its home computers, the plaintiff thereupon began to get
inquiries for the defendant’s computers and immediately commenced a passing
off action seeking to restrain the defendant from using the identical mark
“ELAN”. There being a triable issue, the court granted an interim injunction
to restrain the defendant, who had committed a large sum of money on an
advertising campaign, on the ground that the damage to the plaintiff would be
irrevocable, “that the damage to its goodwill may well be catastrophic in that
it will be swamped: and that the damage to its goodwill may well be
unquantifiable”: at 382. Counsel for the appellant has countered that the
respondent’s argument assumes that the respondent already has a reputation and
goodwill in its name mark, which is the very issue to be tried in the
substantive action.

17  Counsel for the respondent went so far as to assert that the loss of
reputation and goodwill to the respondent would be very substantial, even
total, and that its name mark would be made worthless in the market as a
result of appellant’s advertising campaign in conjunction with the movie “The
Da Vinci Code”. This campaign would lead the public to associate the name mark
solely with the appellant’s watches and would render the respondent’s watches
unmarketable under its name mark as the blitz of the appellant’s advertising
would inundate its name mark and devalue the respondent’s goodwill and
reputation in the mark. Counsel contended that the “Da Vinci” line of watches
was an important family of IWC watches. In effect, the advertising campaign
would result in the appellant appropriating the respondent’s name mark for its
watches.

18  Counsel for the appellant contended that the “overwhelming” arguments by
counsel for the respondent were speculative and without any basis on the
following grounds:

(a) The respondent’s action is based on trade mark infringement under s 27(2)
of the Act (which requires proof of reputation in a trade mark to prove
infringement by an identical sign used in relation to goods or services
similar to those for which the trade mark is registered; or a similar sign
used in relation to goods or services identical or similar to those for which
the trade mark is registered, resulting in a likelihood of confusion on the
part of the public) and not under s 27(3) (which specifically requires proof
of reputation in a well-known mark in Singapore to prove infringement by a
sign which is identical with or similar to the trade mark in relation to goods
or services which are not similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered). Neither is the respondent’s action based on the tort of passing
off.

(b) Reputation and goodwill in the name mark have not been pleaded.

(c) There is no claim that the name mark is well known in Singapore.

19 Counsel also pointed out that the respondent had claimed to have spent
$118m in advertising IWC watches worldwide, including “Da Vinci” watches, and
also sold about $6m of the IWC “Da Vinci” watches between 2000 and 2006 in
Singapore. Given the sizable volume of the respondent’s sales and its
advertising expenditure, it would not be possible for the appellant’s
advertising campaign, which cost about $800,000, to overwhelm the respondent’s
reputation in its name mark. Counsel referred to the following passage in
_Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005)
(“ _Kerly’s_ ”), at para 19-093 on the nature of “swamping”. It reads:

Another factor of importance in certain cases is “swamping”, which is to say
that where the defendant is a much bigger concern than the claimant, it may be
that his use will be so extensive that by trial the claimant’s reputation will
have been overwhelmed.

In this case, the respondent’s business in watches was much bigger than that
of the appellant.

20  We agreed with the submissions of counsel for the appellant on this issue.
We were satisfied that lifting the injunction was not likely to cause
substantial, much less irreparable, damage to the respondent’s reputation in
its name mark. We agreed that the “overwhelming” effect was speculative and
not supported by the evidence before us. From the affidavits filed in the
action, it seemed clear that the respondent’s reputation in its watches was in
the “IWC” mark, which is a prestigious international brand, rather than in the
name mark itself. As pointed out by the appellant’s counsel, the name mark had
not even been used on the dials of the respondent’s watches; it only appeared
at the back of the watches. Only the “IWC” mark had been so used on the dials.
He also pointed out that the focus of the respondent’s advertisements had
always been on the “IWC” brand, not the name mark. Counsel for the respondent
submitted that the name mark was used as a secondary mark and as such was
capable of acquiring a reputation of its own to indicate the origin of the
watches. However, the evidence before us showed that the name mark was never
used by itself on any of the respondent’s IWC watches, but was always used as
an adjunct to the “IWC” mark. We concluded on these facts that it was unlikely
that the respondent would lose its goodwill and reputation in its name mark or
that such reputation was likely to be irrevocably destroyed or made worthless
by the opportunistic advertising campaign of the appellant since the prestige
of the premium mark or brand “IWC” would not be affected in any way by the
advertisement. Although _Kerly’s_ at para 19-083 notes that “infringement may
easily destroy the value of a mark or … [it] reduces the distinctive character
of the claimant’s mark”, this is not the case here, especially when the
respondent’s watches are primarily sold under the premium mark “IWC”.

21  If indeed the respondent were to suffer any damage from the appellant’s
advertising campaign in conjunction with the screening of the movie “The Da
Vinci Code”, it would be the loss of sales of its IWC watches during this
period. Such loss is quantifiable. It also seemed to us that should the
respondent succeed in its substantive claim, the appellant would have to cease
using the composite mark on its watches or to advertise them, leaving the
Singapore market entirely to the respondent. Any member of the public who
wanted to buy a “DA VINCI” watch in Singapore would then have to buy it from
the respondent. This would mean that the appellant’s advertising campaign
would have given free publicity for the respondent’s watches, heightened
consumer interest in the respondent’s watches and boosted its sales, rather
than, as the respondent fears, damaged its reputation irrevocably. On the
other hand, should the respondent fail in its substantive action, the interim
injunction would have been entirely unjustified and the losses suffered by the
appellant resulting from the loss of additional sales during the duration of
the interim injunction would be difficult to assess.

22 We have considered the respondent counsel’s argument founded on the case of
_Elan_ ([16] _supra_) that the likelihood of irreparable loss of reputation
was an important factor to grant an interim injunction. In our view, the court
granted the interim injunction in that case because it was very much persuaded
by the nature of the cause of irrevocable damage to the goodwill of the
plaintiff in its trade mark. In that case, the “ELAN” mark was being used by
the defendant to sell its cheap home microcomputers produced for the mass
market. The plaintiff’s evidence as stated in the first affidavit of its
managing director (at 381) was as follows:

The market for cheap home microcomputers is a difficult and hazardous one,
there having been already a number of failures by companies trying to
establish themselves in that market. In the event that the defendants fail,
_then the plaintiff company will also suffer by the name ‘Elan’ being
associated with such failure._ [emphasis added]

The passage shows clearly that it was the high risk of the defendant’s failure
in the market that could drag down the reputation of the plaintiff’s goods
sold under the “ELAN” mark. Such loss was irrevocable. In the present case,
counsel for the respondent has turned this argument on its head by contending
that the prospect of the resounding success of the appellant’s promotion of
its watches in association with the movie “The Da Vinci Code” could lead to
the appellant appropriating the respondent’s name mark, thereby causing it
irreparable damage. Viewed from this perspective, the _Elan_ case supported
the argument that the appellant’s advertising campaign was more likely to add
value to respondent’s name mark should the respondent succeed in its
substantive case. As has been said before, nothing succeeds like success.

**_Balance of convenience_**

23  The points discussed in the preceding two paragraphs also go towards the
issue of balance of convenience and tilt it in favour of the appellant. There
is another crucial factor in weighing the balance. If the interim injunction
is not lifted and the season for the screening of the movie “The Da Vinci
Code” ends before the trial of the action, the respondent would have obtained
a permanent injunction during this period without the merits of its claim
being tried. We do not, of course, know when the movie would be withdrawn from
the cinemas in Singapore, but in our view, unless this substantive action is
heard on an expedited basis, the likelihood of the injunction becoming a
permanent injunction is more likely to occur than that of the reputation of
the respondent in its name mark being “overwhelmed” as a result of the
appellant’s advertising campaign.

_The status quo_

24  Counsel for the respondent has also argued that in assessing the balance
of convenience the court should bear in mind that the appellant had embarked
on its advertising campaign with its “eyes wide open” and that this was a high
risk strategy having regard to the fact that the respondent had obtained
summary judgment against the appellant for infringement of its name mark.
However, counsel for the appellant pointed out that the respondent had filed
an affidavit on 3 April 2006 confirming that the respondent would be applying
for the summary judgment only in relation to the identical name mark “DA
VINCI” for identical goods. This, according to counsel, gave the appellant
reason to believe that there was no likelihood of confusion with respect to
its composite mark and that the appellant could carry on advertising its
watches using its composite mark. In our view, the appellant was entitled to
take whatever risks it considered lawful to promote its business. The
following commentary in _Kerly’s_ at para 19-091 is apposite:

A related issue is the question of defendants who act with “eyes open”, in the
sense of knowing that the claimant may object to their conduct, it sometimes
being argued that such persons are undeserving of sympathy. There is something
a little illogical about the argument, since it would seem wrong to count
against such a defendant the fact that he has considered his proposed conduct
and concluded that it would be lawful, particularly when there is a good
chance that his conclusion is correct.

25 As stated earlier (at [4] and [11]), the respondent did not seek to
restrain the appellant from selling its watches under the composite mark or
its DV initial mark or any other mark, but from advertising the sale of such
watches using the composite mark in association with the screening of the
movie “The Da Vinci Code”. Counsel for the respondent conceded that the
respondent would not be able to obtain an interim injunction to restrain the
appellant from selling its watches using the composite mark or the DV initial
mark. This raised a threshold question why, in such a situation, the
respondent should be entitled to an interim injunction to restrain the
appellant from advertising them, even in connection with a highly publicised
movie. This strategy seemed counter-intuitive and was an inversion of the
normal order of priority of its commercial interests. It is plain logic that
if the law cannot restrain the commission of a more damaging act (selling the
product), it cannot restrain the commission of a less damaging act
(advertising the product). The respondent thought it had found the
justification in the _Elan_ case. We have already explained why the rationale
of that decision has no application to the facts of the present case.

26  The last point to note in relation to what the status quo should be was
that from May 2004 until 4 May 2006 (when the respondent sent a letter of
demand to the appellant to stop the use of its trade mark in advertising in
relation to the movie), the appellant had been advertising its watches using
the composite mark without any objection from the respondent. The respondent
started to object only when the advertising was done in conjunction with the
release of the movie “The Da Vinci Code”. The status quo prior to the interim
injunction was therefore that the appellant had been freely selling its
watches using the composite mark to promote its sales. In our view, if there
was a need to preserve the status quo, that was the status quo. We did not
think that in the circumstances the respondent was entitled to restrain the
appellant from embarking on a more extensive or intensive campaign to market
the same watches simply because it might increase the sales of its watches
greater than in ordinary circumstances. We did not accept the argument of
counsel for the respondent that the “high risk” strategy of the appellant in
embarking on its advertising campaign in conjunction with the movie had
altered the status quo in the appellant’s favour. On the contrary, it was the
interim injunction that had altered the status quo in favour of the
respondent.

**Conclusion**

27 For the reasons that we found that damages would be an adequate remedy to
the respondent and that the balance of convenience was in the appellant’s
favour, we set aside the interim injunction, with costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

