Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Zhan Quan Tony v Public Prosecutor and Another Motion  
[2006] SGCA 17

Case Number | : | Cr M 6/2006, 7/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 April 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah J; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Ngan Chor and Julian Tay (Lee & Lee) for the applicant in CM 6/2005; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for the applicant in CM 7/2005; Ong Hian Sun, Jason Chan and Gillian Koh Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Koh Zhan Quan Tony — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Appellate – Court of Appeal hearing
and determining substantive merits of Prosecution's appeal against applicants'
convictions on lesser charges of robbery with hurt instead of original charges
of murder – Applicants filing motions challenging Court of Appeal's
jurisdiction to hear Prosecution's appeal – Whether Court of Appeal having
jurisdiction to hear appeal under s 44(3) Supreme Court of Judicature Act –
Whether Court of Appeal having no jurisdiction to hear motions as court
functus officio after hearing appeal – Section 44(3) Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

** 25 April 2006 **

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The present case raised seemingly simple – yet substantively profound –
issues that impact, first, on the scope of this court’s jurisdiction and,
second, on the scope of the right of the Prosecution to appeal against the
acquittal of an accused person under s 44(3) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). The simplicity lay in the
statement of the issues; the complexity lay in arriving at principled and
rational conclusions with respect to both issues, which conclusions are
simultaneously consistent with the relevant statutory language and (above all)
justice and fairness.

2 By way of a brief background to the present proceedings, the applicants were
(in Criminal Case No 35 of 2004) charged with the offence of murder under s
302 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The learned trial
judge held thus (see _PP v Lim Poh Lye_ [2005] 2 SLR 130 at [19]):

I am, therefore, of the view that _the charge of murder ought to be reduced to
a charge under s 394 of the Penal Code_ , that is, for the offence of robbery
with hurt, and in regard to which both accused were, in my view,
_independently guilty_. I thus find both accused _guilty of an offence under s
394 of the Penal Code_ , and convict them accordingly. I shall hear counsel on
sentencing when they are ready. [emphasis added]

3 We must assume that the above paragraph in the learned judge’s grounds of
decision flows from, and is therefore consistent with, his minute sheet dated
24 January 2005, the material parts of which read as follows:

Court: 1. First and Second Accused _not guilty of murder as charged_.

2\. Charge under section 302 to be reduced to s 394 of the Penal Code.

3\. First Accused convicted under s 394 of the Penal Code and sentenced to 24
strokes of the cane and 20 years imprisonment with effect from 7 April 2004.

4\. Second Accused convicted under s 394 of the Penal Code and sentenced to 20
strokes of the cane and 15 years imprisonment with effect from 31 May 2004.

[emphasis added]

4 The Prosecution appealed against the above decision to acquit the accused of
the charge of murder. The Court of Appeal (in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005)
allowed the appeal (see _PP v Lim Poh Lye_ [2005] 4 SLR 582) and accordingly
convicted the accused on the original charge of murder under s 302 read with s
34 of the Penal Code and sentenced them to death. Significantly, in our view,
is the manner in which the court described the proceedings before it in the
very first paragraph of its judgment, as follows (at [1]):

This is an appeal by the Public Prosecutor against _an order of acquittal_
made … at the conclusion of a trial, at which a charge of murder under s 302,
read with s 34, of the Penal Code (“the PC”) (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), was
preferred against the two respondents, Lim Poh Lye (“Lim”) and Tony Koh Zhan
Quan (“Koh”). Instead, the judge convicted the respondents on a lesser charge
of robbery with hurt punishable under s 394 of the PC, with Lim being
sentenced to 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane and Koh, 15
years’ imprisonment and 20 strokes of the cane. [emphasis added]

5 In particular, it is significant, in our view, that the Court of Appeal
characterised the order made below as an order of _acquittal_ on the charge of
murder, although the court also noted that the trial judge had convicted the
accused on a lesser charge of robbery with hurt.

6 The two issues raised in the present proceedings by the situation briefly
described above were as follows.

7 Firstly, did this court have the jurisdiction in the present proceedings to
even entertain the applications in the first instance? Put another way, was
this court _functus officio_ , having already heard the substantive merits of
the appeal in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 and having decided to allow the
Prosecution’s appeal against the acquittal of the accused? If so, that would
have concluded these proceedings in the respondent’s favour simply because
this court would not be legally entitled to entertain the applications in the
present proceedings in the first instance.

8 Secondly, even assuming that this court had answered the first issue in the
affirmative, this would not have concluded the case in favour of the
applicants. The first issue would, by its very nature, have been a threshold
one of jurisdiction. The second (and further) issue that would arise would be
whether or not, assuming that this court had the jurisdiction to hear the
applications, the applicants could demonstrate to the satisfaction of this
court that the appeal by the Prosecution against their acquittal on the charge
of murder, where they had been convicted on a lesser charge, did not fall
within the ambit of s 44(3) of the SCJA. If it did not, then this court would,
in the earlier proceedings, have been acting without jurisdiction and,
consequently, its decision would have been a nullity, and the present
applications would have had to be allowed. If, on the other hand, the appeal
by the Prosecution did in fact fall within the ambit of that particular
provision, then the applications would fail.

9 Section 44(3) of the SCJA reads as follows:

An appeal by the Public Prosecutor shall be either against _the acquittal of
an accused person_ or against the sentence imposed upon an accused person by
the High Court. [emphasis added]

10 We dismissed the applications and now give the detailed grounds for our
decision.

**The issue of jurisdiction**

11 The respondent argued – not surprisingly, perhaps – that this court did not
have the jurisdiction to entertain the present applications in the first
instance. In particular, it argued that this court was _functus officio_. It
relied, in the process, on a number of decisions of this court (principally,
the two decisions cited in this as well as in the following paragraph; see
also _Vignes s/o Mourthi v PP (No 3)_ [2003] 4 SLR 518 (“the _Vignes_ case”)).
However, it is significant to note at the outset that all these decisions
dealt with attempts to re-open the _substantive merits_ of the cases
concerned. Looked at in this light, it was clear that this court was, in those
cases, correct in rejecting those attempts since the courts in those cases
were truly _functus officio_. In other words, there was, and could be, no
indefinite right of appeal unless this was provided for by statute – in
particular, by the provisions of the SCJA. As Karthigesu JA aptly put it in
this court in _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 135 at 137, [8]:

It did not appear to us that the above two subsections in themselves [s 29A(2)
and s 29A(4)] took the applicant’s case very far, since there is no indication
in them of Parliament’s intention to allow an appellant an indefinitely
extended right of appeal in the sense of being able to pursue a second appeal
even after his first has been duly heard and dismissed. As a matter of
procedure, once the Court of Appeal has rendered judgment in an appeal heard
by it, it is functus officio as far as that appeal is concerned.

12 And, in a similar vein, Yong Pung How CJ, also in a decision of this court
in _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 129, observed thus (at 132,
[10]):

Where, however, the Court of Appeal has heard and disposed of an appeal, as it
has in this on 9 November 1993, it is _functus officio_ in so far as that
appeal is concerned. There is no express provision which affords the Court of
Appeal the jurisdiction to hear fresh evidence, thereby re-opening the case
after it has heard and disposed of the appeal. We are unable to agree with Mr
Suppiah’s [counsel for the accused’s] submission that this enabling provision
can be found in ss 29(A)(4) or 55(1).

13 However, the situation in the present proceedings was different in this
important respect: this court was _not_ being asked to re-open the
_substantive merits_ of its previous decision as such but, rather, was being
asked to rule that this court could not even have considered (in Criminal
Appeal No 2 of 2005) the substantive merits in the first instance _as it did
not have the jurisdiction to do so_. In this regard, it is of the first
importance to emphasise that the concept of _jurisdiction_ is a _threshold_
one inasmuch as it refers to the court’s “authority, however derived, to hear
and determine a dispute that is brought before it” (_per_ Chan Sek Keong J (as
he then was) in the leading Singapore High Court decision of _Muhd Munir v
Noor Hidah_ [1990] SLR 999 at 1007, [19]). The jurisdiction of a court is
traditionally distinguished from its powers. As Chan J put it in _Muhd Munir v
Noor Hidah_ (at 1007–1008, [19]):

The powers of a court constitute its capacity to give effect to its
determination by making or granting the orders or reliefs sought by the
successful party to the dispute. The jurisdiction and powers of the High Court
are statutorily derived. Whether it has any common law jurisdiction or powers
is a question which is not relevant here. A court may have jurisdiction to
hear and determine a dispute in relation to a subject matter but no power to
grant a remedy or make a certain order because it has not been granted such
power, whereas if a court has the power to grant a remedy or make a certain
order, it can only exercise that power in a subject matter in which it has
jurisdiction.

14 Whether or not this court had _in fact_ the requisite jurisdiction in the
_previous_ proceedings depended, in turn, on the second main issue in this
case: whether or not the proceedings fell within the ambit of s 44(3) of the
SCJA. The argument by the respondent, however, was that this court _could not
even consider_ the ambit of s 44(3) of the SCJA (_viz_ , the second main
issue) _to begin with_ as it was _functus officio_. If the respondent was
indeed correct, then _this court_ _would not even be able to consider whether
or not it was acting in excess of its jurisdiction in the first instance. If
so, and_ if it had _in fact_ acted _in excess of its jurisdiction,_ this court
would be _sanctioning a nullity_. This consequence did not appear to us to be
principled in the least. If the earlier decision was indeed a nullity for want
of jurisdiction, considerations of logic, common sense as well as of justice
and fairness would suggest (and almost inexorably at that) that this court
should have the jurisdiction and power to rule that this was so. This court
would _not_ , _ex hypothesi_ , be revisiting the _substantive merits_ of the
case as such. It would, instead, merely be ascertaining whether or not it had
had the _jurisdiction_ to hear and then rule on the substantive merits of the
case in the earlier proceedings in the first instance. This seems to us to be
a pivotal distinction which we will therefore have occasion to return to later
in this judgment.

15 However, it is also true that this court is a creature of _statute_ and
that its own jurisdiction and power to determine its own jurisdiction, so to
speak, in the manner described briefly in the preceding paragraph ought to be
premised, in the final analysis, on statutory authority. It is true that one
other alternative is to hold that this court simply has the _inherent
jurisdiction_ , without more, to rule on its own jurisdiction. However, it
seems to us that this approach ought, if applicable, to be itself based on
some statutory authority. The invocation of the concept of inherent
jurisdiction without more seems to us to (potentially at least) open the door
that might lead to perceptions of possible arbitrariness. Even the possibility
of such perceptions arising must be assiduously avoided in order that the
legitimacy of the law in general and of the courts in particular not be
sullied in any way.

16 Given our view that it would appear that this court ought, in principle,
logic and fairness, to have the jurisdiction and power to review whether it
had acted in excess of its _jurisdiction_ in previous proceedings, is there,
then, any _statutory authority_ for such a view?

17 The logical starting point would, in our view, be to examine the provisions
of the SCJA – in particular s 29A sub-ss (2) to (4). In this regard, it would
be appropriate to set out the material provisions of this section in full, as
follows:

**Jurisdiction of Court of Appeal**

**29A.** —(1) …

(2) The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of appeals
against any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its original
criminal jurisdiction, subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought.

(3) For the purposes of and incidental to —

(_a_) the hearing and determination of any appeal to the Court of Appeal; and

(_b_) the amendment, execution and enforcement of any judgment or order made
on such an appeal,

the Court of Appeal shall have all the authority and jurisdiction of the court
or tribunal from which the appeal was brought.

_(4) The Court of Appeal shall, for the purposes of and subject to the
provisions of this Act, have full power to determine any question necessary to
be determined for the purpose of doing justice in any case before the Court._

[emphasis added]

18 It is our view that this court has the jurisdiction and power to entertain
the present applications and that the statutory authority for this is to be
found in s 29A of the SCJA which has been set out in the preceding paragraph.
At this juncture, two related questions arise. The first is whether or not the
physical lapse of time between the previous proceedings (in Criminal Appeal No
2 of 2005) and the present take the present proceedings outside the purview of
s 29A(2). The second is whether or not, assuming that this first question does
not pose any difficulties, this court nevertheless has the power to hear the
present proceedings. This second question raises, in our view, the issue as to
whether or not the present proceedings fall within the purview of _s 29A(4)_ ,
which has been italicised above (and see _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ ([12]
_supra_ at 132–133, [11]). In so far as the first issue is concerned, if the
physical lapse of time does not pose a difficulty, then this court would still
be seised of the case (its jurisdiction having been invoked but not exhausted
in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005) and therefore possess the requisite
jurisdiction to hear these proceedings, subject to the power to do so being
conferred under s 29A(4). We turn now, therefore, to the issue of the physical
lapse of time. The emphasis on the word “physical” is deliberate because a
_physical_ lapse of time is not – in and of itself – conclusive as we are also
dealing with _legal_ concepts based on logic, principle as well as justice and
fairness.

19 To reiterate, what is involved in the present proceedings are Criminal
Motions requesting this court to consider an issue of jurisdiction. These
applications _ought, ideally, to have been raised and considered during the
hearing of the appeal in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 as a preliminary point
of law as they relate to the threshold issue of jurisdiction._ Unfortunately,
they were not. This is why the applications are before the court in the
present proceedings. _At this juncture, it might be argued that there is no
reason in principle why this court should be precluded from considering
applications which could clearly have been argued and heard as a preliminary
point of law during the hearing of the actual appeal in Criminal Appeal No 2
of 2005_. We find that there is indeed much force in such an argument, unless
it could be argued that there was some principle of waiver or estoppel that
precluded the applicants from making the present applications. Bearing in mind
the fact that the present applications centre on the _jurisdiction_ of this
court to hear the appeal in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 and _not_ the
_substantive_ _merits_ of the appeal itself, there would appear to be no real
reasons of principle as to why the applicants should somehow be estopped or
debarred from making the present applications. Indeed, there is clear legal
authority that supports the view just proffered. It has been held that a party
_cannot_ be _estopped_ from arguing that the earlier proceedings were
conducted in excess of the jurisdiction of the court concerned (see also the
following paragraph). We should also point out that there was no bad faith on
the part of the applicants. This was an issue that was not obvious at the time
Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 was heard and, indeed, counsel for the first
applicant, Mr Loo Ngan Chor (“Mr Loo”), stated that the applications had been
made in these proceedings because of the belated discovery of the Malaysian
decision of _PP v Lim Cheng Chooi_ (Federal Court Criminal Appeal No 11 of
1982), which we will be considering later in this judgment (we pause here to
observe that counsel for the second applicant, Mr Ismail Hamid, mentioned that
he was associating himself with all the arguments made by Mr Loo in the
present proceedings). We should also point out that the proceedings arising
from the present applications do in fact relate to _an extremely important
point of construction centring around s 44(3) of the SCJA, which would have a
potentially significant impact on future cases as well_.

20 The concept of jurisdiction (as opposed to that of substantive merits)
possesses, we reiterate, a fundamental quality of the highest order. This has
been emphasised, time and again, in the case law. Hence, it has been clearly
established that where a court or tribunal does not possess the requisite
jurisdiction to hear a particular case, neither party can confer the necessary
jurisdiction by consent (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Salijah bte Ab Latef v Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah Teo_ [1996] 2 SLR
201 at 211, [51] and _Jumabhoy Asad v Aw Cheok Huat Mick_ [2003] 3 SLR 99 at
[20] as well as the House of Lords decision of _Essex County Council v Essex
Incorporated Congregational Church Union_ [1963] AC 808 at 820–821 and 828 (“
_Essex County Council_ ”)). It has also been established that the doctrine of
estoppel will not operate to prevent a party from pleading a lack of
jurisdiction on the part of the lower court on appeal (see the Court of Appeal
of the Straits Settlements decision of _Then Kang Chu v Tan Kim Hoe_ [1925]
SSLR 4; _Essex County Council_ , _supra_ at 820–821; and Piers Feltham, Daniel
Hochberg & Tom Leech, _Spencer Bower – The Law Relating to Estoppel by
Representation_ (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at pp 172–173). We would think
that the same principle would apply in the context of the present proceedings.
The only argument to the contrary would be that the cases cited involved
appellate courts hearing arguments on the lower court’s alleged lack of
jurisdiction, whereas this court is examining the jurisdiction of a court of
co-ordinate jurisdiction. However, what is involved at _present_ is not the
issue of jurisdiction _per se_ but, rather, that of _the applicability (or
otherwise) of the doctrine of estoppel_. And on this point of _general
principle_ , the cases concerned clearly establish that the doctrine cannot be
pleaded in order to “cure” a decision by a court without jurisdiction – such a
decision being, essentially, a _nullity_ (see also Lancelot Feilding Everest,
_Everest and Strode’s Law of Estoppel_ (Stevens and Sons Limited, 3rd Ed,
1923) at p 261).

21 It should be noted that although the cases referred to in the preceding
paragraph were decided in the context of _civil_ proceedings, it would follow,
in our view, that the position would be _a fortiori_ in so far as _criminal_
proceedings are concerned.

22 It would, of course, be a _quite different_ issue altogether if the present
applications involved, instead, an attempt to adduce _fresh evidence and/or
new arguments of law_. This would be an attempt to _re-litigate the
substantive merits_ of the case and _re-open_ a decision that had already been
rendered by this court in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005. That would, in our
view, clearly be _impermissible_ as the court would be _functus officio_ in so
far as the substantive merits of the case were concerned as this very same
court had already heard and ruled on the issues associated therewith. On the
other hand, it would, by parity of reasoning, be equally clear that _no_
ruling had been handed down by _this_ court in so far as the issue of _this
court’s jurisdiction to hear the appeal (__viz_ , _in Criminal Appeal No 2 of
2005) was concerned_. Looked at in this light, it is our view that this court
would _not_ be _functus officio_ in so far as _this_ particular issue
(centring on its _jurisdiction_ under _s 44(3)_ of the SCJA) was concerned. As
we have just mentioned, the only conceivable objection would be that this
issue ought to have been taken _earlier_ as _a preliminary point of law_.
_However_ , as we have already pointed out above, such an objection from
estoppel _cannot_ succeed in circumstances where the issue relates to the
court’s very _jurisdiction_ itself.

23 Having regard to our analysis set out above, it is clear, in our view, that
the present proceedings, which ought to have constituted _an integral part of_
the _previous_ proceedings in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 _and_ to which no
legal obstacle (principally by way of estoppel) lies in so far as it is being
raised before the present court, means that this court remains properly seised
of the present case in so far as the question of _jurisdiction_ is concerned.
In so far as whether or not this court has the requisite _power_ , this would
depend on whether or not the present proceedings fall within the scope of s
29A(4) of the SCJA (set out above at [17]). In our view, these proceedings in
fact _fall squarely within the language and spirit of s 29A(4)_. Indeed, to
find otherwise would be to effect the very _opposite_ of what we view to be
the core purpose and mission of s 29A(4) – which is to “have _full power_ to
_determine_ _any_ question _necessary to be determined_ for the purpose of
_doing justice_ ” [emphasis added].

24 In our view, it is clear beyond peradventure that the issue as to whether
or not this court had the requisite _jurisdiction_ to even hear the
substantive merits in _Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005_ is a “question necessary
to be determined for the purpose of doing justice”. This would be the
situation in a civil appeal; it is, _a fortiori_ , the case in a _criminal_
appeal involving a final appellate court where life and liberty are at stake.
Indeed, we can conceive of very few other situations that would be as, let
alone more, important than the one with which we are faced with in the present
proceedings.

25 There are, however, two further (and related) issues in so far as s 29A(4)
is concerned. First, our power under s 29A(4) must be exercised “for the
purposes of and subject to the provisions of” the SCJA. Second, the present
proceedings must constitute a “case before the Court” within the meaning of s
29A(4).

26 It is our view that we would, in considering the present applications, be
exercising our power under s 29A(4) “for the purposes” of the SCJA. This is
evident from our analysis set out above.

27 It is also our view that we would be exercising our power under s 29A(4)
“subject to the provisions” of the SCJA since we would not be ignoring any
applicable provisions of the Act in any way.

28 Finally, it is our view that the present proceedings do indeed constitute
“a case before the Court” within the meaning of s 29A(4) of the SCJA and as
emphasised by this court in _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ ([12] _supra_ at
132–133, [11]). As we have elaborated upon in some detail above (at
[18]–[23]), the present proceedings were, in substance, an _integral part_ of
the proceedings before this court in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005. As we have
found that there is no objection in law to such proceedings being heard now,
it is clear that these proceedings do continue to constitute “a case before
the Court” and hence fall clearly within the scope of s 29A(4).

29 It is important to emphasise that the present decision is not a _carte
blanche_ for this court to review its previous decisions when it is truly
_functus officio_. In particular, this court has neither the jurisdiction nor
power to review the substantive merits of the case; indeed, this much is clear
from the existing case law. In contrast, in the present proceedings, we are
concerned with _s 44(3) of the SCJA_ – that particular provision being, in
both substance and form, concerned (as the heading of s 44 itself confirms)
with the criminal _jurisdiction_ of this court. For the avoidance of doubt,
the decision in the present case is confined to the _precise question_ of
whether this court has the jurisdiction and power to consider if the earlier
court had the _jurisdiction_ to entertain the appeal before it. In the
circumstances, we would respond to this question in the _affirmative_ for the
reasons set out above.

30 Indeed, to have held otherwise would have been to sanction, both in form as
well as substance, a decision which might have been a _nullity_. Surely, if
there was even the _possibility_ of this result (_ie_ , a decision that was a
_nullity_) occurring, this court ought to have the jurisdiction and power to
consider the issue – lest the legitimacy of the law be undermined from any and
every point of view. In the event, as we explain below, the decision of this
court in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005 was _not_ a _nullity_. However, we
reiterate that the fact that it _might_ have been is _itself_ a legitimate
reason for exercising our jurisdiction and power to consider the matter. As we
have also mentioned above, the issue itself has potential wide-ranging effects
on future cases as well.

31 The only possible problem that might arise is if similar challenges to this
court’s jurisdiction are mounted too liberally and (worse still) vexatiously.
We do not, however, consider this to be a serious objection when viewed from a
practical perspective. Firstly, we do not envisage that there would be many
situations where issues relating to the jurisdiction of this court would be
raised. Secondly, as we have already alluded to above, even the possibility
that this court might have exceeded its jurisdiction is a serious matter – and
all the more so in the context of criminal proceedings. Thirdly, and following
from the previous point, if the issue of jurisdiction raised is considered to
have been raised frivolously or vexatiously or when the issue has become moot,
sanctions can be imposed on the lawyers concerned, including (but not limited
to) the making of an appropriate order as to costs. In the interests of
justice, however, we would state that the conduct of a case would have to be
really beyond the pale in order to be considered to constitute frivolous or
vexatious conduct.

32 As we have held that s 29A of the SCJA applies in the context of the
present proceedings, it is not, strictly speaking, necessary to consider other
possible alternative sources which might confer jurisdiction and power on this
court to hear applications such as the ones before us.

33 We therefore hold that we have the jurisdiction and power to consider the
applications centring on the jurisdiction of this court in the present
proceedings. The argument that we are _functus officio_ does not, as we have
explained above, apply in the specific context and circumstances of these
proceedings.

**The meaning of the phrase “the acquittal of an accused person” under section
44(3) of the SCJA**

34 Turning to the second issue, the question in a nutshell was whether or not
the circumstances of the present proceedings, where the applicants had been
convicted instead of a lesser offence, fell outside the ambit of s 44(3) of
the SCJA because there had not (in the material language utilised in this
provision) been “the acquittal of an accused person”. The issue itself would
appear somewhat odd, or even misconceived, at first blush. Given the context
of the hearing before the trial judge (see [2]–[3] above) as well as that
before the Court of Appeal (see [4]–[5] above), it seemed clear to us that the
applicants must _necessarily_ have been _acquitted_ of the original charge of
murder although they were convicted of the lesser charge of robbery with hurt.
If so, then they would fall squarely within the ambit of s 44(3) itself.

35 Mr Loo, however, argued otherwise. In particular, he argued that the
applicants had in fact been _convicted_ of the charge of robbery with hurt and
that _that_ was what the respondent had appealed against. In the
circumstances, therefore (so the argument ran), the respondent’s appeal fell
_outside_ the language and scope of s 44(3) of the SCJA inasmuch as the
respondent was entitled only to appeal against the _acquittal_ of the
applicants. In this regard, we accepted that the other possible limb of s
44(3) did not apply since the respondent had clearly not appealed against the
sentence imposed upon the applicants by the trial judge on the charge of
robbery with hurt.

36 At least two broad (and related) issues arise as a result of the argument
embodied in the preceding paragraph. The first is whether or not, as a matter
of both _logic and principle_ , it is persuasive. The second – and related –
issue is this: Even if the argument is persuasive at first blush, is it
consistent with the _legislative intention_ underlying the provision itself?

37 We turn now to the first issue. As we have already mentioned, it was clear
not only to us but also to the trial judge as well as this court in the
earlier proceedings that the applicants had been _acquitted_ of the original
charge of murder. The fact that they were convicted of the lesser charge of
robbery with hurt does _not_ detract from the fact that they were _acquitted_
of the charge of _murder_. At no time did the respondent apply to the court to
drop the original charge of murder and substitute a lesser charge instead. As
it happened, the trial judge decided to acquit the applicants of the charge of
murder and convict them of the lesser charge of robbery with hurt instead.

38 However, Mr Loo argued that the approach we adopted in the preceding
paragraph was incorrect as it ignored the words “of an accused person” in s
44(3) of the SCJA. In essence, he argued that the accused persons (the
applicants in the present proceedings) were not acquitted but were, rather,
convicted – albeit of the lesser offence of robbery with hurt; in the
circumstances, the respondent (so the argument went) was in effect appealing
against the conviction of the applicants on the lesser charge of robbery with
hurt. With respect, we cannot accept this argument.

39 The words “of an accused person” in s 44(3) are part of the phrase “the
acquittal of an accused person”. Further, both the aforementioned phrases only
make sense _when they are viewed in relation to the charge or charges
concerned._ In other words, the phrases “of an accused person” or “the
acquittal of an accused person” cannot be viewed merely in the abstract. Put
simply, “the acquittal of an accused person” must relate to an acquittal of
that person _in relation to a particular charge or set of charges_. It is
clear, in our view, that the applicants in the present proceedings _were_
indeed _acquitted_ of the charge of murder. It is true that they were _also
convicted_ of the lesser charge of robbery with hurt, but _that_ was _not_
what the respondent had _appealed against_. The respondent had clearly
appealed against the _acquittal_ of the applicants on the charge of _murder_.
In any event, the words “of an accused person” do not, in our view, add
anything to the concept of “acquittal” for it is clear that the concept of
“acquittal” _must necessarily relate to the acquittal “of an accused person”_.

40 The applicants’ argument might have been persuasive if, in our view, it
could be said that the original charge of murder under s 302 read (in the
circumstances) with s 34 of the Penal Code had somehow “ _merged_ ” into the
conviction of the accused under the lesser charge of robbery with hurt under s
394 of the same Act. This was certainly _not_ the view that the Court of
Appeal took in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005. Indeed, this was how the court
put it in the concluding words of its judgment ([4] _supra_ at [63]):

In the result … we _set aside_ the conviction of the respondents of the lesser
charge of robbery. _Instead_ , we _convict_ the respondents on _the original
charge of murder under s 302, read with s 34, of the PC_ which carries with it
the mandatory death penalty. [emphasis added]

41 We are, in fact, of the view that, from the perspectives of both logic and
common sense, this argument from “merger” is untenable. The charges under ss
302 and 394 of the Penal Code (for murder and robbery with hurt, respectively)
were _separate and distinct_ ; they could _not_ be said, by any stretch of the
imagination, to have “merged”. As we have already held, the accused were in
fact _acquitted_ of the original charge of murder and, instead, convicted of
the lesser offence of robbery with hurt. _That_ was, in substance, the fate of
the original charge of murder at first instance; it would be ludicrous, in our
view, to argue that this charge had somehow “dissolved” or “merged” into the
lesser charge. Indeed, Mr Loo stated clearly that he was _not_ relying on this
particular argument.

42 We should observe that such case law as appears relevant (for we were
unable, not surprisingly perhaps, to locate a decision directly on point) is
wholly consistent with the approach which we have adopted.

43 In the Indian Privy Council decision of _Kishan Singh v Emperor_ AIR 1928
Privy Council 254 (“ _Kishan Singh_ ”), for example, the Board had to consider
a situation where the accused was charged with the offence of murder but was
convicted of a lesser offence instead, and was sentenced to a term of
imprisonment (a situation similar to that which obtained in the present
proceedings). The High Court of Judicature at Allahabad, acting in its power
of _revision_ , directed that the conviction of the accused be altered to that
of murder instead and sentenced the accused to death. The Judicial Committee
of the Privy Council reversed the High Court’s decision simply because the
latter tribunal was _prohibited by an express statutory provision_ from
exercising its powers, in _revision_ , to convict the accused of the original
charge of murder and, in doing so, was acting _without jurisdiction_. The
provision in question was s 439(4) of the then Criminal Procedure Code, which
read as follows:

Nothing in this section applies to an entry made under S. 273, or shall be
deemed to authorize a High Court to convert a finding of acquittal into one of
conviction. [emphasis added]

44 In order for the provision quoted in the preceding paragraph to apply, it
is clear that the High Court must have been taken to have _acquitted_ the
accused of the original charge of murder and convicted him of the lesser
offence instead (of culpable homicide not amounting to murder). If, however,
Mr Loo’s arguments are correct, such arguments would apply equally to a
situation such as that which existed in _Kishan Singh_ (which, significantly,
also concerned a situation where the trial judge did not convict the accused
on the original charge of murder but convicted the accused on a lesser charge
instead). _However_ , the Board clearly proceeded along lines similar to that
which we have adopted in the present proceedings. Sir Lancelot Sanderson,
delivering the judgment of the Board, observed thus (at 255):

The learned [trial] Judge did not _record an express finding of acquittal in
respect of the charge of murder_ , but their Lordships are of opinion that the
conclusion at which the learned Judge arrived _amounted to an acquittal in
respect of that charge_ [of murder].

The only charge framed against the appellant [the accused] was one of murder;
_he certainly was not convicted of murder. On the contrary, he was found
guilty of culpable homicide not amounting to murder._

_The appeal_ [in the present case], _therefore, must be decided upon the
assumption that the appellant was acquitted of the charge of murder, and that
he was convicted of the offence_ [of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder.]

[emphasis added]

45 This particular holding in _Kishan Singh_ was applied in the Indian Supreme
Court decision of _Tarachand Damu Sutar v The State of Maharashtra_ AIR 1962
Supreme Court 130. One of the issues that arose in that case was whether the
appellant (who was the accused) had the right of appeal to the Indian Supreme
Court under Art 134(1)(a) of the Indian Constitution and the decision on that
issue depended upon the construction of that Article, the relevant part of
which read as follows:

134(1) An appeal shall lie to the Supreme Court from any judgment, final order
or sentence in a criminal proceeding of a High Court in the territory of India
if the High Court —

(a) has on appeal _reversed_ an order of _acquittal_ of an accused person and
sentenced him to death.

[emphasis added]

46 Kapur J, on behalf of himself and K Subba Rao and J C Shah JJ, observed
thus (at [5]):

_The argument on behalf of_ _the State_ was that the word “acquittal” meant
_complete_ acquittal. The decision of this must depend on the construction of
the word “acquittal”. If a person is acquitted of the offence charged and is
convicted of a lesser offence, as in the present case, can it be said that he
was acquitted and the High Court had on appeal reversed the order of
acquittal? _In our opinion the word “acquittal” does not mean that the trial
must have ended in a complete acquittal of the charge but acquittal of the
offence charged and conviction for a minor offence (than that for which the
accused was tried) is included in the word “acquittal”_. This view has the
support of a judgment of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in
_Kishan Singh_ v. _Emperor_. [emphasis added]

In the view of Kapur J, therefore, the appellant was entitled to a certificate
under Art 134(1)(a) of the Indian Constitution as a matter of right and the
appeal had to be treated as if it were under that provision of the
Constitution.

47 Significantly, the minority judges in this case, Raghubar Dayal and
Hidayatullah JJ, agreed with the majority judges above on this particular
issue (see at [11]).

48 Although the Scottish High Court of Justiciary in _H M Advocate v Boyle_
1993 SLT 1079 dealt with different statutory provisions under the Criminal
Procedure (Scotland) Act 1975 (c 21), Lord Justice General Hope, who delivered
the judgment of the court, expressed the following view with regard to a
situation where the accused had also been convicted of culpable homicide
instead of the original charge of murder (at 1083):

We agree with counsel for the respondent [who was the accused in the present
proceedings] that _by convicting the respondent of culpable homicide the jury
at the previous trial were by implication acquitting him of the charge of
murder_. [emphasis added]

49 The _general principle_ embodied in the above quotation (_viz_ , that of
_implied_ acquittal where the accused is convicted, instead, of a lesser
offence) is consistent – indeed, coincident – with the approach we have
adopted in the present proceedings.

50 Finally, and somewhat closer to home as it were, the Court of Appeal of the
Federated Malay States decision of _Nawi bin Buyong v Public Prosecutor_
[1936] MLJ 57 may be briefly noted. In this case, the accused was charged with
murder but there being a disagreement between the two Assessors, the trial
judge convicted, wrongly, in the Court of Appeal’s view, the accused of a
_lesser_ offence _instead_. In the event, the Court of Appeal held that the
accused ought to be re-tried before another judge on the original charge of
murder. _Kishan Singh_ was _distinguished_ as that was a case involving
_revision_ , for which (as we have seen) there was an express statutory
provision proscribing the conversion of a finding of acquittal into one of
conviction on _revision_. In the present case, there was no such statutory
impediment. In the event, it was held that the accused could be re-tried on
the original charge of murder because (_per_ Burton Ag CJ (Straits
Settlements) at 58), “[t]he _acquittal_ on the charge of _murder_ , _whether
express or implied_ , is merely part of the erroneous order [made by the trial
judge] and stands or falls with it” [emphasis added]. Cussen J also observed
(at 59) thus:

The relevant Indian decisions on this point … are that in a case such as the
present where an accused person has been tried on a charge of murder _and
acquitted on that charge but convicted on a lesser charge_ such as culpable
homicide not amounting to murder or grievous hurt and he appeals against that
conviction, then the Court of Appeal has jurisdiction to order a retrial and
such order, unless so expressly limited, is an order to retry on the original
charges. The first trial is set aside and cancelled and the proceedings
commence _de novo_ with the original charges, unless the prosecution decides
at the retrial to proceed on a reduced charge. [emphasis added]

51 Once again, we find that, in a situation where the accused is charged with
a more serious offence and is later convicted of a lesser offence, he or she
is _necessarily_ treated as having been _acquitted_ of the _former_ and
convicted of the latter.

52 Mr Loo argued that these decisions focus on the meaning of the concept of
“acquittal” rather than the phrase “the acquittal of an accused person”, which
is in fact the phrase utilised in s 44(3) of the SCJA. We have dealt with this
particular argument above (at [37]–[38]), and will therefore not rehearse the
arguments again here.

53 Mr Loo also cited the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _PP v Lim Cheng
Chooi_ ([19] _supra_) which we understand was the major catalyst for the
initiation of the present proceedings. Unfortunately, however, it appears that
no written judgment was delivered in that case and the precise basis for that
decision is, as a consequence, unclear. We therefore do not find that it aids
the applicants’ case in the present proceedings.

54 Whilst we note that there have been legislative amendments to s 50 of the
Malaysian Courts of Judicature Act 1964 (Act 91) (the analogue of s 44 of the
SCJA) to confer on the Public Prosecutor an almost unfettered right of appeal,
this does not impact on our construction of s 44(3) of the SCJA, which takes
into account not only the language utilised therein but also the legislative
intention – all in accordance with the basic guiding tenets of logic, common
sense as well as justice and fairness.

55 We turn now to the _legislative intention_ behind s 44(3) of the SCJA.
Section 44(3) was originally introduced by the Supreme Court of Judicature
(Amendment) Act 1973 (No 58 of 1973). During the Second Reading of the Bill,
the then Minister for Law and National Development, Mr E W Barker, gave the
rationale underlying the introduction of this particular provision, as follows
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 November 1973) vol
32 at col 1333):

Sir, the Bill seeks to introduce certain amendments to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Chapter 15) in order to enable the Public Prosecutor to appeal
against judgments of the High Court made in the exercise of its original
jurisdiction.

As the law now stands, the Public Prosecutor is only empowered to refer points
of law to the Court of Criminal Appeal for the Appellate Court’s review and,
where a person has been acquitted by the High Court, only a declaratory
judgment of the Court of Criminal Appeal may be sought which will not have the
effect of reversing the order. Furthermore, there can be no appeal by the
Public Prosecutor in respect of sentence imposed.

_Whereas there are these restrictions on the Public Prosecutor, there are no
corresponding restrictions on the accused person_ who, upon conviction by the
High Court, is entitled as of right to take his case on appeal to the Court of
Criminal Appeal; and in every case where he is dissatisfied with the sort of
punishment meted out on him by the Court, lodge an appeal against sentence.
_In order to correct this imbalance as it were, the changes contemplated by
the Bill have been introduced._

_In practice, it is not envisaged that there would be many such appeals.
Nevertheless, there is a need to allow the Public Prosecutor in any given
case, a freer hand than the law now allows, so that he would be in the same
position, not less nor more advantageous than counsel for the defence, in
regard to exercising a discretion whether to appeal against an order of the
High Court or not._

[emphasis added]

56 We accept counsel for the respondent’s argument to the effect that counsel
for the applicants’ interpretation of the phrase “the acquittal of an accused
person” in s 44(3) of the SCJA would be wholly contrary to clear legislative
intent as embodied in the Minister’s views which are set out in the preceding
paragraph. Indeed, if this interpretation is accepted, the ability of the
Public Prosecutor to appeal against a particular decision of the trial judge
would depend upon whether or not the trial judge either acquitted the accused
totally or convicted the accused on a lesser charge (which was the situation
we were concerned with in the present proceedings). The “imbalance” referred
to by the Minister would not only remain but would also be subject to what the
trial judge decides to do.

57 Finally, we note that Mr Loo _stated expressly_ that he did _not_ associate
himself with the arguments made in a recent article (see K S Rajah, “Appeal or
Tried Again?”, _The Singapore_ _Law Gazette_ (January 2006) at p 29). Mr
Ismail Hamid, on behalf of the other applicant, did not take a different
position. This is understandable for, with respect, the arguments in that
article were not persuasive and (more importantly) did not focus at all on the
more salient issues of jurisdiction which were, in our view, directly germane
to the case at hand (centring, as they did, on, _inter alia_ , the
construction of s 44(3) of the SCJA, _itself_ a statutory provision dealing
with the criminal _jurisdiction_ of this court). Most importantly, however,
that article dealt with constitutional issues that ought, if at all, to have
been part of the _substantive merits_ of this case (reference may also be
made, for example, to the _Vignes_ case ([11] _supra_)). In other words, these
issues did not touch on the _jurisdiction_ of this court to hear the case in
the first instance. As we have been at pains to emphasise (at [22] and [29]
above), this court could _not_ review the substantive merits of this case, as
it was, in this important respect, _functus officio_.

**Conclusion**

58**** In summary, we hold that this court had the jurisdiction and power to
inquire into whether it had the jurisdiction to entertain the appeal in the
earlier proceedings in Criminal Appeal No 2 of 2005. However, we reiterate
that this holding is confined to the precise issue before us (see, in
particular, [29] above) and should not be taken as giving an even limited
licence, let alone a _carte blanche_ , for applications inviting this court to
review its previous decisions in situations where it is _functus officio_. A
clear situation of this would be when the substantive merits of the case have
already been reviewed and ruled upon by this court.

59 We also hold that the facts of the present case nevertheless fell squarely
within the purview of s 44(3) of the SCJA and that the respondent was
therefore entitled to appeal against the decision at first instance to acquit
the accused (the applicants in the present proceedings) of the charge of
murder.

60 In the premises, therefore, we dismissed the applications in the present
proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Apr 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

