Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd v Clough Engineering Ltd and Another  
[2006] SGCA 46

Case Number | : | CA 51/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wendy Tan and Rajmohan (Haq & Selvam) for the appellant; Steven Chong SC, Sim Kwan Kiat and Kelvin Poon (Rajah & Tann) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd — Clough Engineering Ltd; William Harold Clough   
  
Contract – Champerty – Agreement between plaintiff and defendant for plaintiff
to assist defendant in securing settlement in legal proceedings between
defendant and third party – Whether agreement champertous and unenforceable –
Whether law of champerty applying to all kinds of legal disputes including
those referred to arbitration  
  
Contract – Formation – Agreement between plaintiff and defendant for plaintiff
to assist defendant in securing settlement in legal proceedings between
defendant and third party – Plaintiff alleging agreement subsequently revised
and plaintiff entitled to larger percentage of settlement sum -Whether
concluded agreement to revise plaintiff's compensation existing – Whether
plaintiff entitled to payment under agreement  
  

27 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Facts**

1 The first respondent, Clough Engineering Ltd (“Clough”), entered into two
contracts with the Oil and Gas Development Company Limited (“OGDCL”), a
government-owned corporation in Pakistan, in connection with the construction
of two gas-condensate processing plants. The first, entered into in 1992, was
for the upgrading and extension of the Dhodak gas plant (“the Dhodak project”)
and the second, concluded in 1995, was for the upgrading and extension of the
Dakhni gas plant (“the Dakhni project”).

2 Neither project went well. The Dakhni project was suspended in November 1996
by OGDCL which then sought to encash a performance guarantee furnished by
Clough. In respect of the Dhodak project, Clough suffered loss and damage, and
commenced legal proceedings in Pakistan against OGDCL in 1997. Considering
that it needed local expertise to help it resolve its difficulties with OGDCL,
Clough engaged the services of the appellant, Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd
(“Otech”), to assist it in relation to OGDCL’s claims against it and in
prosecuting its own claims against OGDCL.

3 On 2 April 1997, Clough entered into an agreement with Otech (“the 1997
Agreement”) under which Otech agreed to do the following:

(a) assist Clough to defend its rights against OGDCL;

(b) present and negotiate Clough’s claims against OGDCL in respect of both
projects;

(c) retain, seek advice, and give information and instructions to lawyers and
other professionals to protect Clough’s rights against OGDCL and to negotiate
its claims against OGDCL; and

(d) assist Clough in reaching a negotiated settlement with OGDCL in respect of
Clough’s pending claims in relation to the projects.

4 In return for these services, Clough agreed to pay Otech:

(a) 40% of any sum in excess of US$8m recovered from OGDCL with respect to the
Dakhni project dispute; and

(b) half of any amount in excess of US$3m recovered from OGDCL with respect to
the Dhodak project dispute.

5 Despite Otech’s engagement, Clough’s disputes with OGDCL remained
unresolved. At the end of 1999, Clough decided that a negotiated settlement
with OGDCL was preferable as its claims against OGDCL were unlikely to succeed
and Clough wanted to bid for further projects in Pakistan. As Clough wanted to
offer Otech an incentive to conclude a negotiated settlement with OGDCL, the
parties conducted discussions on a more advantageous remuneration package. At
a meeting in Singapore on 1 November 1999, a possible revision of the
compensation formula for Otech’s services was discussed.

6 Subsequently, Clough became dissatisfied with Otech’s performance. Its
relationship with Otech deteriorated and on 26 February 2002, Clough
terminated Otech’s services. Otech accepted the termination.

7 In July 2004, Clough finally settled its disputes with OGDCL for US$7.515m.
Otech then insisted that an agreement had been reached on 1 November 1999 for
Otech to be paid 20% of any settlement sum paid by OGDCL to Clough. When
Clough refused to pay Otech, Otech commenced an action against both Clough and
one of its directors, William Harold Clough (“the second respondent”). It sued
Clough for breach of the agreement allegedly concluded on 1 November 1999 and
sued the second respondent for procuring the breach of that agreement. Otech’s
case had to be put on this basis because it was not entitled to any
remuneration under the original terms of the 1997 Agreement since the
settlement amount was less than US$8m.

**The decision below**

8 The action was heard by Tan Lee Meng J (“the Judge”) who dismissed Otech’s
claims. In his written judgment, which is reported as _Otech Pakistan Pvt Ltd
v Clough Engineering Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 1 (“HC”), the Judge held that:

(a) there was no evidence of an agreement between the parties on 1 November
1999 for Otech to be paid 20% of the net settlement sum received by Clough
from OGDCL (HC at [26]);

(b) even if the 1997 agreement had been revised on 1 November 1999, Otech was
not entitled to the amount claimed because it had played no part in the
conclusion of the settlement of the disputes between Clough and OGDCL (HC at
[33]);

(c) as Otech’s claim against Clough lacked substance, it was unnecessary to
consider whether the alleged 1999 agreement was void on the ground of
champerty (HC at [34]); and

(d) Otech’s claim against the second respondent for inducing breach of
contract was without foundation (HC at [35]).

9 Otech appealed against the above decision. We dismissed the appeal and now
give the reasons for our decision.

**The issues in the appeal**

10 The issues that arose in the appeal were the same issues that arose before
the Judge. They were:

(a) Whether there was a concluded agreement on 1 November 1999 to revise the
compensation formula under the 1997 Agreement so that Otech would be entitled
to receive 20% of any recovery that Clough obtained from OGDCL.

(b) Whether Otech had performed its side of the bargain in respect of the 1997
Agreement as varied so as to be entitled to the compensation claimed.

(c) Whether the 1997 Agreement was, in any event, champertous and therefore
unenforceable.

(d) On the basis that the 1997 Agreement was valid, whether the second
respondent was liable to Otech for inducing Clough to breach its contract with
Otech.

**_Did the parties agree on 1 November 1999 to revise the payment formula in
the 1997 Agreement?_**

11 The Judge considered this issue in the light of Otech’s pleaded case that
its claim was based on an oral agreement concluded on 1 November 1999. He
noted that since a party is bound by its pleadings, Otech’s case had to fail
if no agreement was made on that date. The Judge referred to the evidence of
Mr Sohail Latif (“Mr Latif”), the president of Otech, that the conclusion of
the oral agreement was confirmed by two e-mails sent to him on 8 November 1999
and 10 November 1999 respectively by Clough’s International Director, Mr
Jeremy James Roberton (“Mr Roberton”). The Judge examined this correspondence
and concluded that its contents made it clear that the proposed revision of
the 1997 Agreement had not been finalised on 1 November 1999.

12 The Judge also considered Mr Latif’s reply e-mail of 9 November 1999 and
held that this was a counter-proposal to a draft proposal made by Mr Roberton
and thus that the correspondence taken together showed that there had been no
agreement on 1 November 1999. Of equal significance to the Judge was Mr
Latif’s concession during cross-examination that Mr Roberton’s e-mails of 8
and 10 November 1999 did not refer to any concluded agreement between the
parties. In the view of the Judge, “Mr Latif’s _volte face_ effectively
scuttled Otech’s case against [Clough] altogether” (HC at [24]). He concluded
that there was no evidence whatsoever of an agreement between the parties on 1
November 1999 for Otech to be paid 20% of the net settlement sum received by
Clough from OGDCL and therefore Otech’s claim had to be dismissed.

13 On appeal, Ms Wendy Tan, counsel for Otech, submitted that the Judge had
erred in finding that there was no evidence of an agreement in 1999 because he
had not taken account of clear admissions made by Mr Roberton in
correspondence after 1 November 1999. This correspondence was not that which
was exchanged in November 1999 itself but correspondence that was generated
much later, having been sent out between 8 November 2001 and 26 February 2002.
The only contemporaneous document that she sought to rely on was an internal
memorandum that Mr Roberton had sent to his colleagues on 4 November 1999. Ms
Tan argued that the documents she was relying on admitted to the existence of
a contract through the use of the words “agreed” and “agreement”. Although she
accepted that the correspondence referred to by the Judge had used the words
“draft” and “draft proposal” in relation to the remuneration terms discussed,
Ms Tan argued that these e-mails merely reflected an attempt on Clough’s part
to further vary an agreement which had been reached on 1 November 1999.

14 Despite the valiant arguments made by Ms Tan, she was not able to overcome
the wealth of contemporaneous evidence that showed that no agreement had been
reached on 1 November 1999 itself. In our judgment, the Judge’s finding on
this issue could not be upset. We will discuss the evidence that supported his
decision before dealing with the evidence on which Ms Tan relied.

15 The first document that was generated after the meeting of 1 November 1999
was an e-mail sent the very next day by Mr Roberton to his colleagues. The
relevant portions of that read:

Subject: Meeting with Otech

Otech is willing to consider a change in arrangements – our ideas were floated
but not detailed. I am to put something to him asap with a view to finalising
something when I am back in Singapore next week.

That memorandum clearly indicated that the discussion with Mr Latif had been
preliminary and had not resulted in a finalised contract.

16 Two days later, on 4 November 1999, Mr Roberton sent his colleagues an
e-mail attaching the draft of a letter to Mr Latif that incorporated comments
from his colleagues and saying that if they agreed he would send it to Mr
Latif. The last sentence of the e-mail read:

I would like to send it to Sohail as that was what we agreed with him and I
believe I should be seen as the one dealing with him.

In her submissions, Ms Tan emphasised this last sentence and said that it
showed that there had been an agreement on 1 November 1999. Mr Roberton was,
however, asked about this e-mail in cross-examination and it was suggested
that his use of the word “agreed” showed that a contract had been concluded on
that date. He rejected that suggestion. He explained that in using the word
“agreed”, what he had been referring to was an agreement that he would be the
one dealing with Mr Latif and therefore he had stated in his e-mail that he
wanted to send the proposal to Mr Latif. Whilst this explanation might have
seemed a bit weak to Ms Tan, it was consistent with the contents of the draft
letter that Mr Roberton forwarded to his colleagues as that document contained
no reference to any agreement arrived at on 1 November 1999. Instead, it said
that it contained Clough’s “initial ideas on a new fee arrangement between
Otech and Clough”. It then went on to say “We would like to renegotiate the
arrangement we have with you. We suggest the following …” before setting out
the terms of the proposed change in remuneration.

17 The next piece of correspondence was the e-mail of 8 November 1999 on which
the Judge relied. The e-mail itself had as its subject “Draft Proposal”. The
relevant portions read:

Further to our meeting last Monday attached please find a draft of our
proposed revised agreement with you for the settlement of our outstanding
matters in Pakistan.

It is a draft and I would like to meet and discuss it with you this Tuesday or
Wednesday.

Attached to the e-mail was the proposal itself which was basically the draft
letter that Mr Roberton had sent to his colleagues for approval under cover of
his e-mail of 4 November 1999. At the end of the letter, an additional
paragraph that had not been in the draft appeared. This read:

As discussed we have tried to structure this proposal so you are not
disadvantaged if a reduced settlement is accepted by Clough. I will be back in
Singapore on Tuesday for a couple of days and would like to discuss this
proposal and if possible finalise it with you at that time.

Mr Latif replied to Mr Roberton in an e-mail dated 9 November 1999 which read:

Subject: Your Draft Proposal on E-mail of 9 November 1999

Thank for the proposal. On the point 1, our friends suggested 30% instead of
20%.

As Mr Steven Chong SC, counsel for Otech, pointed out in his submissions, Mr
Latif himself had referred to Mr Roberton’s e-mail as a draft proposal.
Further, during cross-examination, he had admitted that by suggesting 30%
instead of 20% he had made a counter-proposal.

18 The next item in the chain was Mr Roberton’s reply of 10 November 1999
which read:

Subject: Re: Your Draft Proposal on E-mail of 9 November 1999

Sohail,

For your consideration

Settlement |  Old Fee |  Proposed Fee (20%)  
---|---|---  
4.0 |  Nil |  0.8  
8.0 |  Nil |  1.6  
10.0 |  0.8 |  2.0  
12.0 |  1.6 |  2.4  
13.6 |  2.24 |  2.72  
16.0 |  3.2 |  3.2  
  
…

The new proposal gives 20% on all claims.

I look forward to seeing you at 10am.

Regards

Jeremy

19 The e-mail quoted above was significant. As can be seen, it contained a
table showing Otech the advantages of changing the compensation formula to
20%. Clough was obviously attempting to persuade Otech to agree to this new
formula. Such an attempt at persuasion would not have been necessary had the
parties already reached an agreement to replace the compensation formula in
the 1997 Agreement with that contained in the table above.

20 The documentary evidence up to 10 November 1999 therefore clearly supported
the Judge’s finding and Mr Chong’s submission that nothing had been agreed to
on 1 November 1999, and that all the parties had had was an initial discussion
on changing the compensation formula. Mr Latif’s own evidence as the Judge
pointed out substantiated that position. He agreed that the e-mails of 8 and
10 November 1999 did not mention an agreement but only referred to a draft
proposal that had been given to him for his consideration. Plainly, at that
stage, negotiations were ongoing and the parties were not yet _ad idem_. Otech
was unable to point to any contemporaneous document that clearly indicated
that it had accepted the changed compensation formula on 1 November 1999.

21 The documents on which Otech based its case were (apart from Mr Roberton’s
internal memorandum which we have already averted to) sent more than two years
after the vital date of 1 November 1999. These documents were as follows.
First, on 8 November 2001, Mr Roberton sent an internal e-mail to the second
respondent stating that before any negotiation was commenced, Clough would
have to agree on a realistic bottom-line number “taking into account
withholding tax (8%) and other fees (20% of 92%)”. Then, on 23 December 2001,
Mr Roberton sent an e-mail to Mr Latif in which he stated that “a couple? of
years ago Harold and I reached an agreement with you on how your fees from
this settlement will be handled”. Then, on 10 January 2002, in another e-mail
Mr Roberton said “As agreed Clough will pay Otech 20% of any settlement
figure”. Fourthly, on 1 February 2002, there was another e-mail from Mr
Roberton to Mr Latif in which he mentioned agreed fees of “20% of the
settlement figure”. Finally, on 26 February 2002, Mr Roberton told Mr Latif by
e-mail “OGDCL – our existing agreement of 20% of settlement figure – when/if
it happens. There was never any agreed minimum”.

22 It was certainly arguable that the language used in the November 2001 –
February 2002 correspondence was consistent with a belief on the part of
Clough that an agreement had been reached to change the compensation formula.
It was, however, also consistent with an attempt to persuade Otech that such
an agreement had been reached. In our judgment, that language did not in
itself establish that the agreement had been reached on 1 November 1999 as
pleaded. The agreement, if any, could as well have been reached after that
date as on it. As far as what happened on 1 November 1999 was concerned, we
had to be guided by the contemporaneous correspondence. If such
contemporaneous correspondence demonstrated, as both we and the Judge thought
it did, that no oral contract had been concluded on 1 November 1999, the
subsequent correspondence especially that exchanged years later, could not
demonstrate the contrary.

23 It was also significant, in our view, that during the later exchanges of
correspondence, Mr Latif was not behaving as if there had been an agreed
variation of the compensation formula. For example, Mr Roberton’s e-mail of 23
December 2001, was a reply to Mr Latif’s e-mail of 18 December 2001 wherein
the latter had referred to the need to discuss “additional fees” in the
context of a “proposed settlement agreement”. Mr Latif’s subsequent
correspondence contained repeated requests for more compensation. In his
e-mail of 9 January 2002, he stated that the amount due to Otech would be “20%
of this figure or more”. This undermined his case that the compensation
formula was revised on 1 November 1999 to 20% of any recovery and no more.
Then, on 26 February 2002, after termination of the relationship between the
parties, there was a meeting at which Clough offered Mr Latif US$1m as a
global settlement of all disputes between Clough and Mr Latif’s companies.
This offer was not accepted. In a subsequent e-mail Mr Latif requested
compensation of US$12.5m of which he said he expected that there should be “at
least USD2 million dollar compensation for working on [the OGDCL claims]
without any charges to Clough and getting them all towards a stage of approved
arbitration”. At that stage, obviously, Mr Latif did not believe that the
parties had agreed on a revised compensation formula at all, much less on 1
November 1999.

24 For the reasons given above, we could not accept Otech’s submissions that
the Judge’s finding that no agreement was concluded on 1 November 1999 was
against the weight of the evidence. In view of this conclusion, the appeal
failed and had to be dismissed. This means that, strictly, we need not deal
with the other issues raised on appeal. During the hearing, however, extensive
submissions were placed before us on issues (b) and (c) which were issues
relating to the nature of the 1997 Agreement. For the sake of completeness and
because issue (c) raised an interesting legal point, we will address these
issues.

**_Was the 1997 Agreement a success fee agreement?_**

25 A “success fee agreement” is an agreement that stipulates for payment only
in the event of success. Before the Judge, Otech’s counsel submitted that
contractually, it was only required to provide assistance to Clough and that
its remuneration was not dependent on a successful outcome of Clough’s claims
against OGDCL. The Judge noted that, contrary to that stand, during cross-
examination Mr Latif had agreed that the nature of the 1 November 1999
agreement was that it was entirely based on a successful outcome. The Judge
then considered Mr Latif’s admission that Otech had nothing to do with the
negotiations between Clough and OGDCL after February 2002 and the evidence
given by OGDCL’s Acting General Manager (Projects) that Mr Latif and his
companies had done nothing to assist Clough in concluding negotiations with
OGDCL or facilitating the ongoing negotiation process. The Judge therefore
concluded that even if the 1997 Agreement was revised on 1 November 1999,
Otech was not entitled to the amount claimed because it had played no part in
the conclusion of the settlement of the dispute between Clough and OGDCL.

26 On appeal, Ms Tan submitted that Otech’s role had been one of providing
assistance and it was not a requirement under the 1997 Agreement that Otech
had to effectively cause the settlement in order to be paid its remuneration.
She noted that Clough itself had pleaded that payment would only be due if
Otech had “contributed in facilitating and/or assisting” Clough to achieve the
settlement. She contended that Otech had facilitated and assisted Clough in
achieving the settlement because it had given substantial advice during the
settlement process and had worked with Clough’s Pakistani lawyers to prepare
proposals for the settlement. Otech had put in five years’ worth of work on
behalf of Clough, and it could not be said that Otech had not played a part in
laying the foundation for the eventual settlement between Clough and OGDCL. In
response to these arguments, Mr Chong maintained Clough’s position that Otech
had to be the effective cause of the settlement in order to obtain payment. He
emphasised that there was no nexus between Otech’s contribution and the
eventual settlement and therefore Otech was not entitled to payment.

27 We were not persuaded by Ms Tan’s submissions. We noted that in its
Statement of Claim, Otech had pleaded that it had “arranged for and assisted
[Clough] to reach a negotiated settlement in respect of their claims against
OGDCL without litigation”. This pleading was an admission that the terms of
service accepted by Otech included assisting Clough to obtain a negotiated
settlement from OGDCL. In our opinion, the 1997 Agreement was a success fee
agreement and in order to earn its remuneration, Otech had to play a part in
achieving the settlement. We could not accept Ms Tan’s argument that under the
agreement Otech was simply a claims consultant and as long as it put in some
effort in relation to the negotiations, it would be entitled to remuneration.

28 The terms of the 1997 Agreement appeared to us to negate Ms Tan’s
contentions, even assuming that the remuneration formula had been varied in
1999. The original agreement stated that Otech would not be remunerated at all
unless the settlement achieved was above US$8m. If the settlement sum was less
than that, Otech would receive nothing. In 1997, therefore, Otech was prepared
to get nothing if Clough could not get more than US$8m. Moreover, there was
nothing to stop Clough from terminating Otech’s services at any time provided
that such termination was not made in bad faith. Otech had therefore taken on
the risk that having put in work it could yet be terminated by Clough at any
time and receive nothing for its efforts. In our judgment, a concluded
variation of the compensation formula under the 1997 Agreement would not have
changed the essential nature of the agreement. The new formula provided for
Otech to be paid 20% of the settlement figure and this would have been a
substantial portion of any settlement achieved. It could not have been the
intention of the parties that Clough would pay such a large amount to Otech
for it to merely assist in the settlement process without ensuring that a
settlement was reached. If indeed all that was required under the 1997
Agreement was for Otech to assist Clough, then, seeing as how Otech’s services
were terminated before a settlement was reached, the natural claim to be made
by Otech would have been a claim in _quantum meruit_ for the services that it
in fact provided instead of a claim for a 20% cut of the settlement sum.
Otech, however, made no such claim.

29 If Otech’s position on the nature of the 1997 Agreement was correct, it
would mean that the agreement contemplated that as long as Otech provided some
services no matter how few or for how short a period, it would be entitled to
the 20% payment as and when the disputes were settled. The consequence would
be that Otech would need only to provide one or two pieces of advice and then
be able to sit back and wait for the settlement to materialise.
Hypothetically, if Otech had worked extremely hard for two months and then had
done nothing more for the next five years, Clough would still have been
obliged to pay 20% of the settlement sum. We did not accept that that was the
intent of the 1997 Agreement. In our view, it contemplated that, at the least,
the efforts made by Otech would assist in achieving the settlement even if
they were not the sole cause of the settlement.

30 Thus, Otech was required to show the extent of work it had done and how
this work had contributed to the settlement. Otech did produce correspondence
showing work that it had done but it did not relate its work to the eventual
settlement. On this matter, the Judge set out the relevant portion of Mr
Latif’s cross-examination (HC at [31]):

Q: After Otech accepted the termination on 26th February 2002, you would agree
with me that Otech did not take any further steps to assist Clough to reach
the negotiated settlement which was concluded in July 2004 – naturally?

A: Naturally.

In any event, all the work that Otech had done was done before 26 February
2002. The settlement was eventually achieved only in July 2004, more than two
years after the termination of Otech’s services. Given that no work was done
for two years, all the more did Otech have the burden of showing how its
previous work had assisted in bringing about the settlement. This it did not
do. As far as OGDCL was concerned, the evidence of its Acting General Manager
was that Otech had nothing to do with the settlement. This evidence was not
challenged by Otech in the court below. In the result, even if Otech had been
able to prove that there was an agreed change in the compensation formula, it
would have been unable to establish its entitlement to that compensation
because it did not show that it had performed its obligations under the 1997
Agreement so as to entitle it to payment.

**_Applicability of the doctrine of champerty_**

31 Whilst the issue of whether the 1997 Agreement was unenforceable as being a
champertous agreement was raised in the court below, the Judge did not deal
with this issue as he considered that it was not necessary to do so in view of
the findings that he had made in relation to the first two issues. This issue
does, however, raise an interesting legal point on which we think we should
give our views as it has not previously been considered by any Singapore
court.

32 Champerty was raised by Clough as one of its defences to Otech’s claim.
Clough relied on the well-established doctrine that a champertous contract
offends public policy and therefore is unenforceable. As _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Singapore and Malaysian
Ed, 1998) put it at p 639, champerty exists where one party agrees to aid
another to bring a claim on the basis that the person who gives the aid shall
receive a share of what may be recovered in the action. Public policy is
offended by such an agreement because of its tendency to pervert the due
course of justice. In _Re Trepca Mines Ltd (No 2)_ [1963] Ch 199 Lord Denning
explained this public policy in the following oft-cited passage at 219–220:

The reason why the common law condemns champerty is because of the abuses to
which it may give rise. The common law fears that the champertous maintainer
might be tempted, for his own personal gain, to inflame the damages, to
suppress evidence, or even to suborn witnesses. These fears may be
exaggerated; but, be that so or not, the law for centuries has declared
champerty to be unlawful, and we cannot do otherwise than enforce the law …

33 Applying the above principles, Clough submitted that it was plain that the
1997 Agreement was champertous because it involved Otech giving aid to Clough
to bring or defend its claims against OGDCL for a share of what Clough might
recover from OGDCL. Otech’s response was that the 1997 Agreement was not
champertous for two reasons. First, it argued, it had a genuine commercial
interest in the dispute between OGDCL and Clough and thus, on the basis of
_Trendtex Trading Corp v Credit Suisse_ [1982] AC 679, champerty did not
arise. Its second argument was that the law of champerty does not apply to
arbitration proceedings.

34 Whether Otech had a genuine commercial interest in the dispute in question
is a question of fact which we do not intend to address since it is not
necessary for the purpose of the appeal. It is not even necessary for us to
decide whether the 1997 Agreement was in fact champertous, although in
February 2002 Mr Latif apparently claimed that Otech had paid money to courts
and judges in Pakistan, and if he had done this, he would have been committing
the very mischief that the doctrine of champerty was developed to control.
Rather, our concern here is with the legal issue raised by Otech, _ie_ ,
whether champerty applies to agreements to assist litigants in arbitration
proceedings in the same way as it applies when the proceedings concerned are
before the court. On this issue there has been a conflict of judicial opinion
in other jurisdictions.

35 In the Hong Kong case of _Cannonway Consultants Limited v Kenworth
Engineering Ltd_ [1997] ADRLJ 95, the High Court held that champerty applied
in Hong Kong but that it did not apply to arbitration proceedings. Kaplan J
observed (at 101):

It is clear from the observations of both the Court of Appeal and the House of
Lords in _Giles v. Thompson_ that in the light of the history of champerty it
is not appropriate to extend the doctrine. If it were to apply in the present
case, it would be extending champerty from the public justice system to the
private consensual system which is arbitration. The trend in recent years has
all been the other way. …

It seems to me unwise to make any extension to the law of champerty given that
the reasons for its introduction have long since passed.

36 The English case that Kaplan J referred to, _Giles v Thompson,_ came before
both the English Court of Appeal ([1993] 3 All ER 321) and the House of Lords
([1994] 1 AC 142). In the Court of Appeal, Steyn LJ observed (at 331–332) that
the head of public policy which condemned champerty had only done so in the
context of civil litigation and it would involve a radical new step to extend
the doctrine to private consensual arbitration. He thought that the boundaries
of the doctrine might exclude arbitration and were drawn rather narrowly and
possibly even anomalously. When the case went on appeal, Lord Mustill, who
delivered the only judgment, stated (at 164) that “the law on maintenance and
champerty can best be kept in forward motion by looking to its origins as a
principle of public policy designed to protect the purity of justice and the
interests of vulnerable litigants” but made no observations relating to the
place of the doctrine in arbitral proceedings as that issue was not before
him. Analysing that case, we cannot agree with Kaplan J’s observation that
there was a strong inclination among the judges in England not to apply the
doctrine of champerty to arbitration proceedings. As we see the position, the
purity of justice and the interests of vulnerable litigants are as important
in such proceedings as they are in litigation. Thus the natural inference is
that champerty is as applicable in the one as it is in the other.

37 The view that we express above is also that adopted in robust terms by
Scott VC in _Bevan Ashford v Geoff Yeandle (Contractors) Ltd_ [1999] Ch 239.
The judge said, at 249:

Arbitration proceedings are a form of litigation. The lis prosecuted in an
arbitration will be a lis that could, had the parties preferred, have been
prosecuted in court. The law of champerty has its origins in, and must still
be based upon, perceptions of the requirements of public policy. I find it
quite impossible to discern any difference between court proceedings on the
one hand and arbitration proceedings on the other that would cause contingency
fee agreements to offend public policy in the former case but not in the
latter. In principle and on authority, the law of champerty ought to apply, in
my judgment, to arbitration proceedings as it applies to proceedings in court.
If it is contrary to public policy to traffic in causes of action without a
sufficient interest to sustain the transaction, what does it matter if the
cause of action is to be prosecuted in court or in an arbitration? If it is
contrary to public policy for a lawyer engaged to prosecute a cause of action
to agree that if the claim fails he will be paid nothing but that if the claim
succeeds he will receive a higher fee than normal, what difference can it make
whether the claim is prosecuted in court or in an arbitration?

38 With respect, we entirely agree with the observations of Scott VC. The law
of champerty stems from public policy considerations that apply to all types
of legal disputes and claims, whether the parties have chosen to use the court
process to enforce their claims or have resorted to a private dispute
resolution system like arbitration. In our judgment, it would be artificial to
differentiate between litigation and arbitration proceedings and say that
champerty applies to the one because it is conducted in a public forum and not
to the other because it is conducted in private. The concerns that the course
of justice should not be perverted and that claims should not be brought on a
speculation or for extravagant amounts apply just as much to arbitration as
they do to litigation. This case, in fact, is a good example of why the
doctrine must apply to arbitration. The evidence showed that Mr Latif had
repeatedly urged Clough to increase the amount that it was demanding from
OGDCL to settle its claim. This must be because Otech had everything to gain
from a higher settlement figure. The need to deter such behaviour was one of
the reasons for the development of the doctrine. It would be absurd, in our
judgment, to condone behaviour of this kind by saying that it was permitted
because the parties were looking to resolve their dispute by way of
arbitration instead of in the courts. We must reiterate that the principles
behind the doctrine of champerty are general principles and must apply to
whatever mode of proceedings is chosen for the resolution of a claim.

**Conclusion**

39 This appeal had to be dismissed because on the facts no agreement was
reached to vary the remuneration formula on 1 November 1999. Even if there had
been such an agreement, Otech could not have succeeded because it had not
proven that its efforts had contributed to bringing about the settlement.
Finally, the choice of arbitration as the mode for settling disputes would not
have prevented the 1997 Agreement from being considered champertous, if the
facts had justified such a finding.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

