Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Global 1  
[2006] SGHC 30

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 290/2003, SIC 5647/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 February 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yeong Zee Kin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gan Seng Chee (with Benjamin Seow) for the plaintiffs; Vivian Ang (with Yap Yin Soon), instructed by Perry Lim for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
20 February 2006 |  _Judgment reserved_.  
---|---  
  
AR Yeong Zee Kin:

1\. This is an application by the Defendants for leave to withdraw their
appearance in this present matter. The Defendants’ main contention is that
this is an _in rem_ action and that their clients, who were the owners of the
vessel Global 1 at the time the cause of action arose, ceased to be owners of
the vessel at the time when the _in rem_ writ was issued. That being the case,
they argue that they ought not have entered appearance and having done so, now
seek leave to withdraw their appearance.

2\. After hearing counsel’s arguments, I dismissed the application and granted
leave for the Plaintiffs to amend their writ from an _in rem_ form to an _in
personam_ form under Order 2, rule 1. I now set out the grounds for my
decision.

**Summary of facts**

3\. The salient facts are as follows. The Defendants Global Shipping Co Ltd
were, at the time the cause of action arose, the owners of the vessel Global
1. The Plaintiffs Chemical Industries (Far East) Ltd were shipping a cargo of
liquid caustic soda onboard the vessel from India to Singapore. The cause of
action arose sometime in November or December 2002.

4\. On 9 October 2003, before the issue of the present writ, there was a
change of ownership of the vessel; the new owners are Shinhan Capital Co Ltd
and the vessel was renamed Ace 1. The present writ was issued on 18 November
2003 and the Statement of Claim was filed on 21 April 2005. The Defendants
were served the writ on 9 July 2004; they entered appearance on 13 July 2004.

5\. Parties did not realise that there was a change of ownership of the vessel
until sometime in September 2005. This can be explained by considering that
the defence is conducted by the American Steamship Owners Mutual Protection
and Indemnity Association Inc, the Protection and Indemnity Club that the
Defendants are a member of. On 13 October 2005, the Defendants’ solicitors
wrote to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors on this issue and suggested suspending the
proceedings temporarily in order to take legal advice on their respective
legal positions. This request was turned down.

**The issues**

6\. During arguments, the Defendants framed the issue thus: As the writ was an
_in rem_ writ, the Plaintiffs had to fulfil all the conditions in s 4(4) of
the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act; and since the Defendants were not
the beneficial owners of all the shares in the vessel at the time the writ was
issued, they were not the proper party to the present proceedings. This being
the case, the Defendants were not a proper party and that their appearance
should be withdrawn.

7\. The Plaintiffs’ approached the matter in the following manner. An _in rem_
writ had both an _in rem_ and an _in personam_ component. Even if the
Defendant was not liable _in rem_ , the Plaintiffs argue that the Defendants
were liable _in personam_ and that the action should proceed on the _in
personam_ component of the _in rem_ writ.

8\. As I see it, the issues ought to be characterised as follows:

(a) Does the High Court have admiralty jurisdiction in this matter; and

(b) If so, whether the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court was properly
invoked.

**The law**

**_Admiralty jurisdiction_**

9\. Section 3 of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act sets out the
admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court. The relevant subsection for the
present case is subsection (g), as the claim is for loss of or damage to goods
carried in a ship.

10\. Section 4 of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act sets out how
admiralty jurisdiction may be invoked. Generally, the admiralty jurisdiction
of the High Court may be invoked either _in personam_ or _in rem_. Section
4(1) states that ‘the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court may in all
cases be invoked by an action _in personam_.’

11\. Apart from _in personam_ jurisdiction, the High Court has _in rem_
admiralty jurisdiction. Section 4 proceeds to set out three situations where
admiralty jurisdiction may be invoked _in rem_ :

(a) Where the claim relates to possession or ownership of a ship, disputes
between co-owners over possession, employment or earnings of a ship, mortgage
or charge on a ship, forfeiture or condemnation of a ship or goods carried
onboard, restoration after seizure or droits of admiralty: s 4(2);

(b) Where there is a maritime lien on a ship: s 4(3); or

(c) Where there is a statutory right of action _in rem_ or statutory lien
(_per_ GP Selvam JC in _The Bolbina_ [1994] 1 SLR 554, at 559) under s 4(4).
Section 4(4) was amended on 1 April 2004; the version prior to the
amendment—and the pertinent version for the present proceedings—reads as
follows:

In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3 (1) (d) to (q),
being a claim arising in connection with a ship, where the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action in personam was, when the cause of the action
arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of, the ship,
the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court may (whether the claim gives rise
to a maritime lien on the ship or not) be invoked by an action in rem against
—

(a) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought it is beneficially
owned as respects all the shares therein by that person; or

(b) any other ship which, at the time when the action is brought, is
beneficially owned as aforesaid.

12\. In order to invoke _in rem_ jurisdiction under s 4(4), the claimant must
satisfy all the conditions set out in that sub-section:

(c) The claim must be one under s 3(1)(d) to (q);

(d) The person liable to the claim _in personam_ was the owner or charterer of
or in possession or control of the ship when the cause of action arose; and

(e) All the shares in the ship (or sister ship) are beneficially owned by that
person at the time the action was brought.

**_Invocation of admiralty jurisdiction: form and service_**

_Form of an_ in rem _and_ in personam _writ_

13. The Rules of Court sets out further details regarding how _in rem_ and _in personam_ jurisdiction is to be invoked. Order 70, rule 2(1) prescribes the form that an _in rem_ writ should take. Order 70, rule 2(2) prescribes that the form of an _in personam_ writ should follow the general writ form, except that ‘the words “admiralty action _in personam_ ” must be inserted above the space for the number of the writ.’ A perusal of the _in rem_ form and the general writ form would show that these forms are largely similar except for the following:

(a) In an _in rem_ writ, the words ‘Admiralty in Rem’ appears in the title of
the action’ while an _in personam_ writ shoud contain the words ‘Admiralty
Action in Personam’; and

(b) The parties in an _in rem_ writ are described in their capacity as ship
owner or cargo owner, etc—in other words, they are described generally and not
named; in an _in personam_ writ, the parties are specifically named.

_Service of an_ in rem _writ and_ in personam _writ_

14. An _in personam_ writ, as with any writ in general, has to be served personally on the Defendant: O 10, r 1. An _in rem_ writ, on the other hand may be served either one of the following manner:

(a) Service may be ‘on the property against which the action is brought’ (ie
the ship) under O 70, r 7(1). In this case, service would be effected by the
Sheriff or his officer under O 70, r 7(3). Service of the _in rem_ writ on a
ship would be effected by affixing it ‘for a short time on any mast of the
ship or on the outside of any suitable part of the ship’s superstructure’ and
thereafter, removing the writ and leaving a copy of it affixed ‘on a
sheltered, conspicuous part of the ship’: O 70, r 10(1).

(b) Alternatively, the _in rem_ writ may be served on the Defendants’
solicitor who endorses on the writ a statement that he accepts service on
behalf of the Defendant or the Defendants enters an appearance in the action
without being duly served. In both of these cases, ‘the writ is deemed to have
been duly served on the defendant by virtue of Order 10, Rule 1 (2) or (3)’: O
70, r 7(2)

15\. One crucial distinction must be noted in the different modes of service
of an _in rem_ writ described above. Service of the writ ‘on the property
against which the action is brought’ by affixing it on the ship invokes the
admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court against the _res_. On the other hand,
where the Defendants’ solicitors _in rem_ writ is served on the Defendants’
solicitors, or where the Defendants enter an appearance without being duly
served, the writ is deemed to be duly served on the _defendant_. In the latter
case, the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court is invoked on the
Defendant, _ie in personam_.

**_The difference between_ in rem _and_ in personam _admiralty jurisdiction_**

16\. The difference between _in rem_ and _in personam_ admiralty jurisdiction
may be best understood by considering the subject matter that the jurisdiction
latches upon. The _in rem_ jurisdiction latches onto the _res_ and is
essentially a claim against property. It follows that if admiralty
jurisdiction is invoked only against a ship, the Plaintiffs’ claim can only be
satisfied to the value of the ship.

17\. _In personam_ admiralty jurisdiction on the other hand latches onto the
Defendant personally. Once properly invoked, the Defendant is liable for the
full extent of the Plaintiffs’ claim.

18\. Where the form of the writ is an _in personam_ writ, there is little room
for confusion that the admiralty jurisdiction is invoked against the
Defendants personally. An _in rem_ writ has both an _in personam_ and an _in
rem_ component: ‘the English admiralty action in rem is not a pure action in
rem for it contains latent elements of actions in personam’ _per_ GP Selvam JC
in _The Bolbina_ [1994] 1 SLR 554, at 557.

19\. Where the writ is an _in rem_ writ, a careful consideration of service is
necessary in order to understand how and against what or whom the High Court’s
admiralty jurisdiction is invoked. There are three possible scenarios:

(a) The _in rem_ writ is served on the ship and the ship owners do not enter
an appearance;

(b) The _in rem_ writ is served on the ship and the ship owners proceed to
enter an appearance; and

(c) The _in rem_ writ is not served on the ship but the ship owners’
solicitors accepts service or they enter an appearance thereby waiving
service.

20\. The effect of the first two scenarios are amply summarised by LP Thean JA
in _The Fierbinti_ [1994] 3 SLR 864, at 870:

It seems to us that the distinction between service of the writ on the res and
deemed service of the writ on the defendant is inevitable in an admiralty
action in rem. An action in rem once commenced against the ship is an action
against the ship itself and continues as such even though it may also be an
action in personam against the owner thereof. If the owner does not enter an
appearance and the judgment is obtained, the judgment is enforceable only
against the ship and to the extent of the value of the ship. If, however, the
owner enters an appearance the action will continue as an action in rem
against the ship and an action in personam against the owner, and if judgment
is obtained it is enforceable against the ship and also against the owner to
the full extent of the judgment: see _The Gemma_ , at pp 291–292; _The August
8_ , at p 456, and _The Kusu Island_ , at pp 260–261. It has been held in T
_he Kusu Island_ that although an action in rem is one against the res, the
defendant to the action is the owner of the res and not the res itself: see pp
261–262.

21\. Hence, where the _in rem_ writ is served on the ship and the ship owners
do not enter an appearance, the claimant can only look to the ship for
satisfaction of his claim. Whereas in the situation where the _in rem_ writ is
served on the ship and the ship owners proceed to enter an appearance, both
_in rem_ and _in personam_ components of the writ are invoked and the claimant
can look to both ship and ship owners for satisfaction of his claim.

22\. In _The Fierbinti_ , the plaintiffs took out an _in rem_ writ against the
defendants and named 19 ships on the writ. Eventually, the defendants’
solicitors accepted service and entered appearance for _The Fierbinti_ one of
19 ships named in the writ. However, the plaintiffs proceeded to arrest _The
Mehedinti_ , another of the 19 ships named. To further complicate the matter,
there had been a change of ownership in _The Mehedinti_ since the issue of the
writ. One of the issues the Court of Appeal considered was whether _in rem_
admiralty jurisdiction had been invoked by service on the defendants and their
entry of appearance. LP Thean JA opined, at p 872:

Reverting to the facts in this case, we do not think that the appearance so
entered by the defendants’ solicitors has any effect or significance at all on
the issue whether or not the in rem jurisdiction has been invoked against the
Fierbinti. The effect of the entry of appearance was that thenceforth the
action, which started as an in rem action, would proceed and continue as an
action in personam against the owners of the Fierbinti, but as the writ has
not been served on the ship the in rem character of that action remained. In
this connection, we find of assistance the case of _The Lloydiana_. There, the
plaintiffs took out a writ in rem against the defendants in respect of the wet
damage and short delivery of their cargo of sugar laden on board the Fair
Liza. The bills of lading for the carriage of the cargo were issued by the
defendants and they were described as carriers. But the Fair Liza was
chartered to another company, Nigerian National Shipping Line. The defendants’
vessel Lloydiana was expected to arrive in London and the plaintiffs’
solicitors threatened to arrest her. To avoid the arrest, the defendants
through P and I Club provided a guarantee. But Fair Liza was not a sister ship
of Lloydiana and the plaintiffs could not have an action in rem against the
latter. The writ was served on the solicitors for the defendants.
Subsequently, the defendants applied to court for an order that the writ be
struck out and the service of the writ be set aside. The application was
dismissed as the court held that it had jurisdiction to hear and determine any
claim for loss or damage to goods in a ship. This was grounded on the fact
that the solicitors for the defendants had accepted service and it was
therefore unnecessary to proceed in rem, and the action thenceforth proceeded
as one in personam, although it was commenced as an action in rem. Sheen J
said, at p 318:

In this case, the defendants instructed solicitors to accept service of the
writ. It was unnecessary to serve the ship and arrest her. Put in another way,
it was unnecessary to proceed in rem. The action has proceeded as an action in
personam against Lloyd Triestino, whose solicitors agreed to accept service.
They have done so and they have acknowledged service.

For the reasons we have given, we cannot subscribe to the view that, where an
action in rem is commenced, the in rem jurisdiction is invoked when there is a
“deemed” service of the writ on the defendants. In our judgment, in this case,
the in rem jurisdiction has not been invoked against the Fierbinti.

23\. The Court of Appeal’s answer deals with our third scenario. In essence,
where the _in rem_ writ is served on the Defendants, the _in rem_ admiralty
jurisdiction is not invoked but the _in personam_ jurisdiction is. Hence, the
action, although commenced as an _in rem_ action, proceeds as an _in personam_
action against the Defendants.

**The present case**

**_Does the High Court have admiralty jurisdiction in this matter_**

24\. The present action is brought by the cargo owners against the owners of
the ship for contamination of their cargo of liquid caustic soda. This is a
claim for damage to goods carried in a ship under s 3(1)(g). It is not
disputed that the High Court has admiralty jurisdiction in this matter.
Neither is it disputed that the Defendants are the proper party in an _in
personam_ by the Plaintiffs.

**_Whether the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court was properly
invoked_**

_Whether in rem or in personam jurisdiction invoked_

25\. In the present case, the writ was an _in rem_ writ taken out on the basis
of a statutory lien or statutory right of action _in rem_. That being the
case, the Plaintiffs had to fulfil the statutory requirements of s 4(4) of the
High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act. The Defendants were the owners of the
ship at the time the cause of action arose, but by the time the writ was
issued, the ship had changed ownership. This being the case, the Plaintiffs
could not properly invoke admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_.

26\. The question that follows then is did they attempt to do so? They took
out an _in rem_ writ. However, it was not served on the ship nor was the ship
arrested. Service of the writ was on the Defendants’ solicitors and an
appearance was duly entered. Putting aside the question of whether the writ
should have been in the _in rem_ or _in personam_ form, the acceptance of
service by its solicitors on its behalf and the entry of an appearance by the
Defendants resulted in the invocation of the _in personam_ admiralty
jurisdiction of the High Court. Further, by not serving the writ on the ship
or arresting the ship, the Plaintiffs elected not to invoke the _in rem_
admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court.

27\. To my mind, the present action is in substance an _in personam_ action.
_In rem_ jurisdiction was never invoked, notwithstanding the form of the writ.
Had the Plaintiffs attempted to invoke _in rem_ jurisdiction, they would have
failed for failure to fulfil the requirements of a statutory lien; but they
are always entitled to invoke _in personam_ admiralty jurisdiction. In other
words, although commenced as an _in rem_ action, _in rem_ admiralty
jurisdiction was never invoked and this action proceeded _in personam_.

_Effect of using the wrong form_

28\. I turn now to the question of the form of the writ. By taking out an _in
rem_ writ, the Plaintiffs attempted to institute an _in rem_ action; but an
_in rem_ action has both an _in rem_ and an _in personam_ component. While
they may have started out intending to invoke the _in rem_ admiralty
jurisdiction of the High Court by taking out an _in rem_ writ, the fact of the
matter is that they elected to invoke only the _in personam_ admiralty
jurisdiction. The _in rem_ component of the writ was never invoked. The
present action was in substance conducted as an _in personam_ action from the
moment the writ was served on the Defendants’ solicitors who accepted service
of the writ on their behalf and entered appearance.

29\. In _The Ohm Mariana_ [1993] 2 SLR 698, the claim was by the ship managers
against the ship owners for disbursements. One of the issue was whether the
respondents who were the owners of the ship at the time the action commenced
were also the owners of the ship at the time the cause of action arose. The
Court of Appeal held that the respondents, although not the registered owners
of the ship, were the beneficial owners of the ship at the time the cause of
action arose. Since they were the beneficial owners in respect of all the
shares of the ship when the action was brought, the statutory right of action
_in rem_ was properly invoked. LP Thean J (as he then was) proceeded to
consider the legal position where _in rem_ action was instituted in error. At
p 712, he opined:

Further, even if the action in rem was instituted in error on the ground that,
when the cause of action arose, the respondents were not the owners of Ohm
Mariana, that error was not fatal to the appellants’ claim at the trial. As we
have held, the claim of the plaintiffs came within para (o) of s 3(1) of the
Act, and the court has jurisdiction to hear and determine the claim. The
defendants had not, at the initial or any subsequent stage of the proceedings,
applied to set aside the writ and the warrant of arrest. They entered an
appearance unconditionally and in so doing submitted to the jurisdiction of
the court and from then onwards the action continued as an action in rem as
well as an action in personam: see _The Gemma_ and _The August 8_. …

Accordingly, at the time the action came before the learned judicial
commissioner, it was an action in personam as well as an action in rem.
Assuming that the action in rem was wrongly instituted, the action in personam
was clearly maintainable on the point of jurisdiction. There was no impediment
to the plaintiffs bringing an action in personam against the defendants making
the same claim as was made in this action. Equally, we can see no impediment
to the action continuing as an action in personam. The subject matter of the
claim was before the court and the court had jurisdiction to hear and
determine it.

30\. Similarly in our case, the Plaintiffs may have begun by attempting to
institute an _in rem_ action by taking out an _in rem_ writ. However, the _in
rem_ jurisdiction was never invoked. The action was conducted as an _in
personam_ action. It cannot be disputed that the High Court has _in personam_
admiralty jurisdiction. Hence, the Plaintiffs’ action is clearly maintainable.

31\. In the circumstances, the only question left to be addressed is what of
the _in rem_ writ? Having arrived at the conclusion that the Plaintiffs are
not entitled to invoke _in rem_ admiralty jurisdiction and that the action was
in substance an _in personam_ action, it would be remiss to allow the writ to
continue in the form it is presently in. In _The Bradmayne_ [1916] P 64 (CA),
cited in Nigel Meeson, _Admiralty Jurisdiction and Practice_ (3rd Ed, 2003) at
[3.22], Bankes LJ said:

In my opinion an action which has been commenced as an action _in rem_
continues until its termination as an action _in rem_ unless it undergoes some
alteration in its character _by amendment_ , by order of the Court, or under
the rules of Court. [Emphasis mine.]

32\. Under O 2, r 1(1), failure to comply with the requirements of the Rules
in respect of form is an irregularity which shall not nullify the proceedings.
The Court is empowered under O 2, r 1(2) to exercise its powers to allow such
amendments to be made and to make such order dealing with the proceedings
generally as it thinks fit. In exercise of these powers, I granted leave to
the Plaintiffs to amend the form of their writ to an _in personam_ form in
order that the form of the writ coincides with the substance of the action.
Given that the only difference between the _in rem_ and _in personam_ forms
are in the description of the parties and nature of the action in the title of
the action, I directed that the writ be amended to specifically name Chemical
Industries (Far East) Ltd as the Plaintiffs, to specifically name Global
Shipping Co Ltd as the Defendant, and to replace the words ‘ _in rem_ ’ with ‘
_in personam_ ’ in the title of the action.

33\. Although the present application was one for leave to allow the
Defendants to withdraw their appearance, it was necessitated by the
Plaintiffs’ error in instituting an _in rem_ action. An _in rem_ action is not
maintainable although an _in personam_ one is. An amendment for the purpose of
altering the action from an _in rem_ action to an _in personam_ action would
have been necessary. That being the case, consequential directions for
amendments were made and costs of $8,000 was awarded to the Defendants.

Defendants’ application is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Feb 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

