Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v MY  
[2006] SGHC 89

Case Number | : | CC 16/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 May 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong and Crystal Ong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the public prosecutor; Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — MY   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Sexual offences – Accused charged with attempted
rape of niece – Whether charge of attempted rape made out – Whether charge
should be amended to outrage of modesty – Sections 354 and 376(2) Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Child witness – Whether corroboration
required  
  

26 May 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused is the 51-year-old uncle of the nine-year-old complainant; he is
the elder brother of the complainant’s father. The unmarried accused lived
with the complainant and her family, consisting of her unemployed father, her
mother who works as an auxiliary police officer with CISCO, her ten-year-old
sister, and a younger brother. The accused was employed as a cleaner at the
material time.

2 The complainant’s mother lodged a police report against the accused on 15
August 2005, and after a brief preliminary investigation, the police arrested
the accused on 17 August 2005. He was initially charged for doing various acts
with the intention of outraging the complainant’s modesty. The charges were
for offences under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The dates
of the offences were not specific in that they stated only the month or
approximate month (May or June; June or July). The first charge stated that
the accused inserted his finger into the complainant’s vagina. The second
stated that he put his “penis on her vagina and masturbating”. The third was
for rubbing her breasts and touching her vulva. After the case was referred to
the Public Prosecutor, the second charge was amended to one of attempted rape
under s 376(2) of the Penal Code.

3 The accused was not represented by counsel. After the charges were read to
him at trial, the accused stated that he was admitting the first and third
charges, but was claiming trial in respect of the second charge. The first and
third charges were stood down to the end of the Prosecution’s evidence in
respect of the second charge. The Prosecution then read out a statement of
facts in respect of the first and third charges. The accused admitted the
facts. The Prosecution then closed its case and I called upon the accused to
enter his defence on all three charges. He elected to testify in respect only
of the second charge. He had no other witness.

4 I shall review the relevant evidence of the Prosecution before reverting to
what the accused had to say in his defence. The investigating officer, Station
Inspector Norliza Basirun of Jurong Police Divisional Headquarters, produced
the first information report of the complainant’s mother made on 15 August
2005. The report gave the date of the incident as 6 June 2005 between 11.00am
and 6.00pm. The offence complained of was stated as:

On the said date, my daughter was molested by my brother-in-law namely [MY].

The investigating officer explained that the case was immediately transferred
to the Serious Sexual Crime Branch (“SSCB”) when the complainant mentioned
that the accused had put his private part into her private part. The precise
words were not clear from the evidence, but based on that information, the
accused was taken into custody of the SSCB. The complainant was sent for a
medical examination at the KK Women and Children’s Hospital. Dr Kelly Loi, who
examined the complainant, testified in court and produced the report she made
of the examination. The report is important and I set out the content in its
entirety.

**MEDICAL REPORT ON [THE COMPLAINANT]**

…

The above is a 9 year old primary school student. She was seen at the Women’s
24-hr clinic on 16 August 2005 at 1 pm. Her history was obtained through the
help of interpreter, I/O Suzana Sajari.

She reported through the interpreter that after her paternal uncle (the
assailant) was released from jail, he stayed with her family and began
molesting her in June 2005, touching her chest, breasts and genitalia. One
afternoon in July, when no one else was in the house, her uncle made her lie
on the sofa and remove her shorts, after which he unzipped his trousers, lay
on top of her and inserted his penis into her vagina. She experienced some
pain but had no vaginal bleeding. She noticed her uncle ejaculated.

On examination, the patient looked appropriate for her age (Tanner Stage 1).
There was no evidence of any injuries. On vulval/vaginal inspection, the hymen
was intact with no hymenal tears. External vaginal and urethral swabs were
taken for routine investigations and results were negative for gram negative
diplococci, spermatozoa and N. Gonorrhoea.

She has been referred to the Medical Social Worker.

5 The SSCB sent the case back to the Jurong Police Division because, in the
light of the medical report that the complainant’s hymen was intact, the SSCB
did not classify the offence as rape. In court, Dr Loi testified that the
hymen was a soft tissue and would have torn if a finger had been inserted into
the vagina. She testified that the intact hymen meant that there was no
penetration. She also said that that did not mean that no attempt was made.
That part of the evidence seemed obvious, but whether there was an attempt or
not is precisely the issue for the court’s determination.

6 The complainant’s evidence was that the accused “put his private part on my
private part”. When asked by the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”), she said
that when he did that, she felt pain “like something poking inside my private
part”. When asked what was poking her she said that she could not remember.
The accused did not deny that he had ejaculated on the complainant, who
testified that shortly after that her brother returned from school and rang
the doorbell. The accused then told the complainant to wash off the semen.
Based on the complainant’s evidence above, the Prosecution submitted that the
accused had therefore attempted to rape the complainant.

7 The accused gave the following account of the incident in his defence. He
said that on the day in question, he was watching television with the
complainant. The complainant’s parents had left the flat to take their elder
daughter to hospital. After a while, the accused started tickling the
complainant and touched her thigh. He became aroused and felt like
ejaculating. So he made her lie on the sofa and he put his penis against her
vulva and rubbed against it until he ejaculated. He denied attempting to rape
the complainant. In answer to the DPP, he said that he could easily have raped
her if he had wanted to since there was nobody at home. The only apparent
reason why the accused was not charged with rape was that the prosecution
evidence showed that there was no penetration by the male organ into the
female complainant’s vagina. Penetration is a requisite element of the offence
of rape. Without penetration, the accused would be guilty of attempted rape if
it were proved that he had attempted to penetrate. It is also obvious that the
attempt to penetrate must have been made with the intention to penetrate. This
point might have been obscured in the circumstances of this case.

8 The accused had not wavered from his stand that he never raped nor had
intended to rape the complainant. I had given him much latitude in his cross-
examination of the complainant, mindful that I ought to minimise any trauma
child witnesses might undergo in such circumstances, but I had also to bear in
mind that the paramount purpose of a trial is to establish the facts and
resolve the issues in dispute. As a layperson, and being unfamiliar with court
craft, he digressed at times, but had been civil in his questioning.
Similarly, I gave the DPP the latitude to cross-examine the accused himself.
Consequently, I believed the accused not because I disbelieved the
complainant, but because the accused convinced me with his testimony, which
was supported not only by his police statements, but also one important
undisputed fact – that the accused had ejaculated outside the complainant’s
body. This was the result of his rubbing his penis on the complainant’s
external genitalia. There was no evidence that the accused did not penetrate
because he tried but failed, for example, that the complainant ran away, or
that he was caught before he could do so. He had the time to complete the
sexual act and he did. That sexual act was masturbating against the body of
the complainant. If the complainant felt pain it might possibly be due to a
brief instance in which the tip of the penis could have momentarily touched
her more sensitively. Alternatively, the complainant might have felt pain from
the mere fact that the weight of the adult accused was bearing down on her. I
do not think that the accused decided not to penetrate the complainant only
because the latter felt pain.

9 The learned DPP referred me to passages from the judgments of Yong Pung How
CJ in _Tang Kin Seng v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 46 at [68], and _Lee Kwang Peng v PP_
[1997] 3 SLR 278 at [67], respectively, to persuade me to accept the
complainant’s evidence. It is useful to remember the rules as to when it might
be appropriate to require corroborative evidence in support of fragile young
voices. Those rules are all commonsensical. One such rule that perhaps stands
out more prominently is that the evidence of the trial must be evaluated in
its entirety. Every young witness is an individual who will exhibit some
general characteristics of a young person in her circumstances, and also the
special characteristics personal to her that makes her different from others
of her age. Ultimately, the court is to assess the reliability of the evidence
of this special young witness before it and not just any young person
generally. The complainant was sufficiently articulate, but is still a very
young child. I did not get the impression that she was not telling the truth.
In that sense, I believed her, as I did the accused. But she seemed to me to
be less cogent, and her recollection of the event less stable than that of the
accused. I am thus unable to give so much weight to the report of Dr Loi which
recorded the complainant as saying of the accused, “after which he unzipped
his trousers, lay on top of her and inserted his penis into her vagina”. That
was not sufficient proof of an attempt given all the other facts. Although the
complainant was able to testify largely in English, I am not satisfied that
she was able to understand the legal intricacies of attempted rape. There was
no evidence to show that she had used another language to describe the event.
Consequently, I am of the view that her account of the facts might not have
been accurate. On the whole, I am left with the impression that it was told in
approximate terms – terms that her young mind thought were sufficient to
convey her story. It is not that she did not use precise words like “pain” and
“inside”, but whether the meaning she had wanted to convey resided in the
words used. The concluding opinion of issues like these could only be made in
the totality of the evidence, and that included the manner in which it was
given in court.

10 I am thus left with some strong doubts as to the act as well as the
intention of the accused in respect of the second charge against him for the
offence of attempted rape. However, I am left with no doubt that he had
committed an offence under s 354 of the Penal Code in that he had outraged the
modesty of the complainant by, in the words of the original second charge,
“putting [his] penis on [the complainant’s] vagina and masturbating”.

11 There remained only one more issue. The accused claimed that there were
only two instances in which he had molested the complainant. One was the
incident concerning the second charge, and the other was the incident
concerning the third charge. Although he admitted to the act stated in the
first charge, he maintained that that took place during the same incident as
that in the second charge. After hearing the testimony of the accused and the
complainant, I am left with some doubt as to whether the complainant was clear
in her recollection. It may also have been a misunderstanding in the course of
recording the statement. The complainant had used the phrase “on another
occasion” in her written statement, but I do not have the impression that
there were three separate incidents and not just two. The accused did not have
the benefit of legal counsel, but that was not to say that he was justified in
not knowing the law. In this case, the mistake was not one of a mistake of law
in that he was not saying that he did not know that it was legally wrong to
commit those acts. He admitted the acts stated in the first charge without
reservation, save that he thought the charge was in respect of the same
incident complained of in the second charge. I believe that he was genuinely
mistaken. The statement of facts relating to the first and third charges did
not assist the Prosecution’s case that there were three separate incidents and
not two. I accept the evidence of the accused that the act complained of in
the first charge was part of the second charge. That being the case, the first
and second charges were, in effect, part of the same offence. It would not be
right therefore that the accused be convicted of three charges as if he had
committed three separate and distinct offences. I therefore amended the first
charge to a charge under s 354 of the Penal Code, incorporating the
particulars as stated in the original first charge as well as in the original
second charge, as follows:

You, [MY] are charged that you, sometime in June 2005, at [complainant’s home
address], Singapore, did use criminal force on [the complainant] (Female/9
years old …), with intent to outrage her modesty, to wit, by putting your
penis on her vagina and masturbating; and further by using your finger to poke
and rub her vulva and inserting your finger into her vagina, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under s 354 of the Penal Code.

I had not disturbed the original wording of the particulars in respect of the
use of the finger to poke and insert into the complainant’s vagina even though
Dr Loi testified that an act like that would have torn the hymen. The question
of poking and inserting is one of degree. I am of the view that the extent of
poking and inserting in the circumstances of the present case were not
physically sufficient to tear the hymen. Similarly, the degree of penetration,
if at all, by the accused person’s penis was brief and not sufficient to tear
the hymen, and not legally sufficient to constitute rape because the
penetration would have been very slight and done in the course of rubbing on
the complainant’s abdomen and vulva. For the avoidance of doubt, I am not here
holding that a brief or slight penetration does not count as penetration for
the purpose of rape.

12 The amended first charge was read to the accused. He admitted it and had
nothing to say in his defence. I convicted him accordingly on the amended
first charge as well as the third charge, and acquitted him on the second
charge (the charge of attempted rape). He was sentenced to 14 months
imprisonment on the amended first charge and two months imprisonment on the
third charge. The terms of imprisonment was ordered to run consecutively and
to take effect from 19 August 2005.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

