Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chee Soon Juan v Public Prosecutor  
[2006] SGHC 202

Case Number | : | Cr M 30/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 November 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Applicant in person; Jennifer Marie and Han Ming Kwang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chee Soon Juan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Investigating
officer present during recording of witnesses' oral evidence in Subordinate
Court trial – Applicant applying to High Court for order of "mistrial" before
trial completed – No supporting affidavit filed – Whether application
premature given uncompleted nature of trial proceedings – Whether applicant
should be allowed to file supporting affidavit after completion of trial  
  

8 November 2006

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant in this motion (“the applicant”) was charged with two other
persons, one Mr Yap Keng Ho (“Mr Yap”) and one Mr Ghandi Abalam (“Mr Ghandi”)
under s 19(1)(_a_) of the Public Entertainments and Meetings Act, (Cap 257,
2001 Rev Ed) for carrying out public entertainment without a licence. Mr Yap
and Mr Ghandi were respectively the applicants in Criminal Motion No 29 of
2006 (“CM 29/2006”) and Criminal Motion No 31 of 2006 (“CM 31/2006”). CM
31/2006 was heard together with the present application, _ie_ , Criminal
Motion No 30 of 2006 (“CM 30/2006”). Mr Yap’s application in CM 29/2006 was
heard and dismissed by me on 30 October 2006. All three applications concerned
events which had occurred during the trial of the three accused persons, _ie_
, the respective applicants in CM 29/2006, 30/2006, and 31/2006, which
commenced in the District Court on 25 October 2006. The applicant filed the
present criminal motion for an order declaring a “mistrial”. The application
also made three other claims, namely, that: (a) there had been a violation of
Arts 9(1)–9(3), 12 and 14 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”); (b) the Attorney-General had misled the
court and violated Arts 9 and 12 of the Constitution; and (c) the “State
Council” should be directed to advise the President of Singapore to “convene a
Constitutional Court under Article 100 of the Constitution”. The text of the
present application was identical to that in CM 29/2006 and 31/2006. The
difference in the two applications before me on 31 October 2006, _ie_ , CM
30/2006 and 31/2006, and that on 30 October 2006, _ie_ , CM 29/2006, was that
the two present applications were filed without the support of any affidavit.

2 The factual basis of this application, as stated in the first paragraph of
the motion, concerned the presence of the investigating officer in court
during the recording of the oral evidence of three witnesses. The applicant
here (as well as Mr Ghandi in CM 31/2006), asked for time to file his
affidavit in support, declaring in the course of his submission, that his case
was different from that of Mr Yap, the applicant in CM 29/2006. The applicant
submitted that there was no need to have the affidavit filed in a hurry and
that I could order it to be filed _after_ the trial in the District Court.

3 Whilst I recognised that the possibility of the applicant making different
submissions from those made by Mr Yap in CM 29/2006, the application was so
ostensibly flawed that it had to be dismissed _in limine_. I need not repeat
the reasons I gave in CM 29/2006 in full, save to say that where an applicant
has access to the appeal process, as the applicant here does, it will often be
an abuse of the process of court to apply by way of a criminal motion asking
the High Court to exercise its revisionary powers. Furthermore, the
applicant’s request that he be allowed to file his affidavit after the trial
emphasised the futility of this motion. If he could wait till the end of the
trial, then he could also have waited to present his complaint by way of an
appeal, if it were still relevant, after all, the trial judge might ultimately
have ruled in his favour.

4 The applicant expressed his dismay that his application before me was
dismissed “without being heard”. He seemed to have overlooked the clear and
loud oral submission that he made before me, as part of which he claimed that
the trial below was “a mockery” because the trial judge was biased, and asked
for a fair trial. I heard more than that. I heard the applicant’s grievances
of a political nature, but I have ignored all of them, save now to say that no
one ought to make submissions on matters that have no relevance to the legal
issues at hand. No one ought to use court proceedings to raise extraneous
matters which are better addressed in a different forum and to a different
audience. The legal process should not be suspended for the personal benefit
of any individual unless the law itself permits. Whether it so permits is a
question of law that must be determined by the court, and not by the
individual who seeks that declaration. One of the most important principles of
fairness in a trial is that no judgment should be passed until the trial has
been completed. We generally conceive of this principle as applying to the
trial judge’s determination of the merits of the litigants’ cases. The present
motion before me made me think that it is time to issue a reminder that this
principle applies also to persons sitting in judgment _over_ the trial judge’s
conduct of the proceedings. No one ought to judge any of his rulings until the
trial is over. The proper procedure in this case was for the applicant to take
his case on appeal in accordance with the rules and law of appeals.
Unfortunately, that was not done.

5 This application, as were the applications in CM 29/2006 and 31/2006, was
thus utterly misconceived, leaving me with no option but to dismiss it.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

