Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Geowin Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Management Corporation
Strata Title No 1256  
[2006] SGHC 245

Case Number | : | Suit 1209/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 December 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  T S Oon (T S Oon & Bazul) for the plaintiff; Tan Chee Kiong (Seah Ong & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Geowin Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Management Corporation Strata Title No 1256   
  
Civil Procedure – Experts – Setting aside expert's decision – Parties agreeing
to submit claims against each other for assessment by expert – Parties
agreeing expert's assessment to be final and no appeal to lie against it –
Whether court may intervene to set aside expert's decision where no fraud or
collusion involved  
  

29 December 2006 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J

1 The plaintiff was the main contractor engaged by the defendant to carry out
addition and alteration works to Nadia Mansion (“the works”). The plaintiff
asserts that it has completed the works while the defendant disagrees claiming
that on the contrary, various portions of the works were either incomplete
and/or defective.

2 Unable to resolve their differences, the defendant subsequently made a
successful demand on a performance bond provided by the plaintiff as security
for its contractual obligations. The plaintiff in turn promptly disputed the
defendant’s right to do so and maintains on the contrary that it is the
defendant that owes it money.

3 Eventually the plaintiff commenced proceedings to recover the amount
allegedly due to it. However just prior to the commencement of the trial the
parties entered into a compromise which was later embodied in a Settlement
Agreement dated 11 January 2006 (“SA”).

4 The terms of the SA provided:

1)  _An independent Expert shall be appointed to**assess** the sums due for
work done under the contract and for variation works carried out by the
Plaintiffs and for claims for defects and outstanding works (including any
allowance for the costs of rectification, and expenses incurred or to be
incurred) and for liquidated damages by the Defendants. The procedure of the
Reference, the manner in which parties may make representations and any
investigations and surveys required shall be in the sole discretion of the
Expert._ …

…

5) The Expert shall be appointed as an expert and his decision as to the final
account and the sums due is _final and no appeal_ shall lie against such
decision.

[emphasis added]

5 Pursuant to the terms of the SA, it was envisaged that the court had no
further role to play in the dispute save for the assessment of costs. An
expert, Ms Kee Bee Kheng (“the Expert”), was appointed in accordance with the
terms of the SA. In her Report dated 23 February 2006 (“the Award”), the
Expert assessed that:

(a) the value of the work completed by the plaintiff should be fixed at
$986,663.03;

(b) no liquidated damages were due to the defendant; and

(c) as a positive balance accrued to the plaintiff, the defendant ought to
return the amount paid by the plaintiff through the call on the performance
bond as well as the sum of $146,462.22.

6 The defendant was dissatisfied with the Expert’s decision and filed an
application to set aside the Award on 8 May 2006. The defendant’s grievances
can be summarised within a brief compass. First, it alleges that the Expert
had made assumptions of fact, thereby failing to properly make an
“assessment”. Secondly, it asserts that the Expert made “manifest” errors and
has accordingly failed to “assess” the plaintiff’s work. Thirdly, it contends
that the Expert failed to use reasonable skill to discharge her
responsibilities. I dismissed the defendant’s application and as it has
appealed against my decision, I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Differences between an arbitrator and an expert

7 I had in _Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v Presscrete Engineering Pte
Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”) at [27] to [29] reviewed the legal
principles to be applied in defining an expert’s role and responsibilities:

27 … The starting point for the modern statement on the law relating to
experts is to be found in _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403, where Lord
Denning MR opined at 407:

It is simply the law of contract. If two persons agree that the price of
property should be fixed by [an expert] on whom they agree, and he gives that
valuation honestly and in good faith, they are bound by it. _Even if he has
made a mistake they are still bound by it. The reason is because they have
agreed to be bound by it_. If there were fraud or collusion, of course, it
would be very different. Fraud or collusion unravels everything. [emphasis
added]

28 In _Baber v Kenwood Manufacturing Co Ltd and Whinney Murray & Co_ [1978] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 175 Lawton LJ said at 181:

They [the auditors] were to be experts. **_Now experts can be wrong; they can
be muddle-headed; and, unfortunately, on occasions they can give their
opinions negligently. Anyone who agrees to accept the opinion of an expert
accepts the risk of these sorts of misfortunes happening. What is not
acceptable is the risk of the expert being dishonest or corrupt._**

29 In the absence of fraud or any corrupt colouring of the IA’s determination,
there is neither liberty nor latitude to interfere with or rewrite the
parties’ solemn and considered contractual bargain, see [5]. It is quite
inappropriate for a court to substitute its own view on the merits when the
parties have already agreed to rely on the expertise of an expert for a final
and irrevocable determination…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

And at [34] to [37]:

34 Both arbitration and expert awards, however, have the same fundamental and
common foundation – contract law. The law upholds and recognises such
agreements and the consequential awards because of the sanctity it accords to
contractual arrangements. I can do no better than to echo the observations of
Lord Mustill in _Channel Tunnel Group Ltd v Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd_
[1993] AC 334 at 353:

[T]hose who make agreements for the resolution of disputes must show good
reasons for departing from them, …

An expert’s decision can be set aside on the basis of fraud or partiality.
Beyond that it is probably correct to say that only a breach of an expert’s
terms of appointment would suffice to set aside his decision. Errors of fact
or law will not vitiate an award if the expert acts within his contractual
mandate. In contrast, there is a statutory mechanism albeit a very limited one
for the review of both domestic and international arbitration awards.

35 At the end of the day, the modern distinction between an expert and
arbitrator does not lie purely in whether the office holder is performing a
judicial, quasi-judicial or purely discretionary function. The essential
difference is in the duties and/or functions the terms of appointment impose
on an appointee. The labelling of an appointment as “arbitrator” or “expert”
is not in itself always conclusive. It is the precise contractual arrangement
and the ensuing obligations of the office holder that is, in the final
analysis, paramount. Is he obliged to act solely on the evidence before him
and the submissions made to him or does he have a discretion to adopt an
inquisitorial function? Does he have complete discretion over the applicable
rules of procedure? **_If he has the sole discretion to arrive at his
determination without being hamstrung by procedural and evidential intricacies
or niceties, it is most unlikely that the court will view the proceedings to
be arbitration proceedings. An expert is permitted to inject into the process
his personal expertise and to make his own inquiries without any obligation to
seek the parties’ views or consult them. An expert is also not obliged to make
a decision on the basis of the evidence presented to him. He can act on his
subjective opinion; that is the acid test_**.

36 There are two fundamental aspects or facets of natural justice that
generally apply to dispute resolution. The first is that a decision maker
should be disinterested in the outcome. The second is due process; both
parties have the right to be heard on all the issues that are to be
determined. This second facet of natural justice does not apply to an expert’s
determination. This is the single most significant distinction between expert
determination and litigation/arbitration.

37 I should further add that there is nothing wrong or contrary to public
policy in allowing an expert to resolve all disputes in a matter; regardless
of whether such issues are legal or factual. An expert’s role need not be
confined to giving opinions on matters that are not in dispute. While experts
have historically acted mainly in valuations and “look and sniff” evaluations,
the sphere has now evolved to include other areas of dispute resolution.
Granting that references to experts are commonly found in construction
documents, there is no reason as a matter of policy why parties cannot by
contract extend this practice to other disputes. This is part of a wider trend
for an expeditious, economical and user-friendly alternative to litigation and
arbitration. **_Expert determination is particularly suitable for resolving
technical issues and/or disputes. The court’s jurisdiction is not completely
excluded or ousted by such an arrangement. Its jurisdiction to police the
contract to ensure that the expert has not exceeded his remit continues to
prevail_**. Like the ubiquitous “conclusive evidence” clauses, “expert”
clauses will be upheld on the basis that they are _contractual_ arrangements;
see _Standard Chartered Bank v Neocorp International Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 345 at
[19] where it was stated:

The real foundation for the legal efficacy of such a clause is contract. It
can be cogently argued that if parties expressly agree on the modalities for
determining a matter, such an agreement should be upheld in the absence of any
relevant public policy considerations. Indeed, this is the very basis on which
the court recognises and gives effect to arbitration agreements, conclusive
certificates of engineers and architects found in construction contracts and
experts’ decisions, amongst others.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

I must emphasise that it is common ground in these proceedings that the Expert
has been appointed as an expert and not as an arbitrator.

Challenging an expert’s award

8 In _Evergreat_ ([7] _supra_), I also stated at [41] to [42]:

41 The crux of the matter is that if the parties agree to appoint an expert to
resolve a dispute, his report or award cannot be challenged unless the expert
has departed from his instructions in some material respect. In _Shell UK Ltd
v Enterprise Oil plc_ [1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 456 at [98], Lloyd J declared:

I should also say that, if the expert has committed a material breach of
instructions, then as a matter of law the relevant act is not binding on any
of the parties, leaving aside of course the effect of their subsequent acts.
It is not a point on which the Court has a discretion whether or not to allow
the expert’s act to stand. I do not consider that Mr. Justice Lightman
intended to suggest that there was such a discretion when summarizing the law
in _British Shipbuilders v. VSEL Consortium plc,_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 106 at
p.109, even though he said that the Court “may” set the decision aside. That
he did not mean to indicate that it was a discretionary issue appears in any
event from the next following sentence. The relevant passage is this:

If the expert in … his determination fails to comply with any conditions which
the agreement requires him to comply with in making his determination, the
Court may intervene and set his decision aside. Such a determination by the
expert as a matter of construction of the agreement is not a determination
which the parties agreed should affect the rights and duties of the parties
and the court will say so.

42 In _Commonwealth of Australia v Wawbe Pty Ltd_ (BC 9805379, Lexis) Gillard
J, correctly, in my view, observed:

_In each case the critical question must always be: Was the valuation made in
accordance with the terms of a contract_? If it is, it is nothing to the point
that the valuation may have proceeded on the basis of error or that it
constitutes a gross over or under value. Nor is it relevant that the valuer
has taken into consideration matters which he should not have taken into
account or has failed to take into account matters which he should have taken
into account. **_The question is not whether there is an error in the
discretionary judgment of the valuer. It is whether the valuation complies
with the terms of the contract_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The present application

9 After I drew defence counsel’s attention to my decision in _Evergreat_ , the
shape of the defendant’s attack on the Award took on an altogether different
dimension. The thrust of defence counsel’s complaint from that point on was
that the Expert had breached her contractual obligations by failing to make a
_proper_ assessment. The plaintiff on the other hand contended that such an
approach was no more than a thinly veiled attempt to reopen the “merits and
methodology” of the Award.

10 It appears to me that the defendant’s real complaint resides not in the
fact that the Expert has acted outside the terms of the SA but rather in how
she had actually resolved the differences between the parties. The defendant
alleges that “she had assumed the works were done … without making any
determination at all” and that “it would be a breach/departure from the terms
to give a sum without any assessment of work done or variation work”.

11 Such misgivings on the defendant’s part towards the Expert are both
unwarranted and misconceived. The Expert had discharged her responsibilities
in a diligent and thorough manner. She was fully apprised of and conscious of
the respective contentions of the parties. Indeed, she appears to have
carefully considered both the contentions of the parties as well as the
defendant’s surveyor’s three earlier reports in the Award. She had made
several site inspections, arranging for the taking of measurements as well as
for a flooding test. It is amply evident from the Award that she had applied
her not inconsiderable experience and expertise in arriving at her decision.

12 The terms of reference required the Expert to “assess” the sums due without
being fettered by any particular methodology as to how she should make her
final assessment. The parties had agreed that both the procedure as well as
the precise inquiries deemed necessary or appropriate would be left entirely
within her “sole discretion”. To better understand the import and purport of
the defendant’s complaint it would be helpful to restate the terms of the SA.
The Expert’s contractual obligation essentially required that she “assess”
both what was due for work done by the plaintiff as well as the claims for
defects, outstanding works and liquidated damages raised by the defendant. The
terms of reference did not require that the Expert render a “speaking” or
“reasoned” award. I considered and articulated my opinion on this very issue
in _Evergreat_ ([7] _supra_) at [45]:

45 **_In my view, if the parties in appointing an expert fail to stipulate or
mandate in the terms of reference for a “speaking” or “reasoned” award the
court itself cannot, and indeed should not, insist on this. To require reasons
to be given apropos such an award would be tantamount to rewriting the
bargain._** By the same token, it would be akin to imposing a new obligation
on an expert who has undertaken the appointment on the basis that the
invariable practice is not to give reasons unless the terms of reference
require it. **_The notion and objective of providing reasons is inextricably
linked to the notion and possibility of review by another body. One must bear
in mind however that when an expert’s award is made as opposed to an
arbitrator’s award, there is no legal review process prescribed by law.
Parties, who appoint an expert, must acknowledge and accept the risk that
though an expert might and can err, they consciously and sanguinely accept
that risk in lieu of the expense, uncertainty and perhaps delay that court
and/or arbitration proceedings may occasion._** The position would be, of
course, quite different if there was an express term in the remit that
required a reasoned or speaking award. A court would then enforce such a term
as an integral part of the contract. See _Expert Determination_ ([33] _supra_)
at para 16.7.12:

Experts prefer to issue non-speaking decisions; i.e. those not disclosing
their reasons. This stems from the fact that the less an expert discloses, the
less anyone can find fault with it. The provision of reasons increases an
expert’s vulnerability to claims because details of the workings and
calculations may be the very evidence that would otherwise be lacking. _An
expert cannot be compelled to give reasons for the decision unless it is part
of the remit. It is a matter determined by the terms of the expert’s
contract_. Some experts accept appointments only on the basis that they will
not be giving reasons. It is common in rent review for reasons to be given
only if the parties pay the expert higher fees. [emphasis added]

[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 The Expert in this case while not obliged to give reasons for the Award has
with commendable clarity given a conspectus as to how she had discharged her
responsibilities. Her sole obligation was to avail the parties of her
expertise in assessing the final account. She was not under any obligation to
explain each and every one of her findings, views and/or assumptions. The word
“assess” is defined in the _Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon Press,
Oxford, 2nd Edition, Vol 1, 1989) at p 709 as meaning “to settle, determine or
fix the amount … to be paid by a person …” or “to evaluate … to gauge or
judge”. Such a responsibility the Expert has more than amply discharged.

14 As an argument of last resort, the defendant asserts that the various
assumptions made by the Expert can be broadly classified as either
“considered” assumptions or “mere” assumptions. It contends that a
“considered” assumption is made by employing expertise whereas a “mere”
assumption is one made without any apparent basis. The defendant contends that
mere assumptions made by an expert are susceptible to challenge on the basis
that they could amount to a _manifest error_. It appears to me that such a
distinction if accepted must in turn inexorably entail a train of inquiry into
the entire process employed by the expert in the determination. What has been
considered? What weight has been attached to the various competing
considerations? How has the evidence been assessed? Why has reliance been
placed on certain assumptions? In effect the defendant is asserting not only
that the Expert must account for and explain how she reached her conclusions
but also that any premise for an assumption that might appear incorrect is
susceptible to a challenge under the rubric of “manifest error”.

Manifest Error

15 In asserting that the existence of a “manifest error” is a legitimate basis
for judicial intervention into an expert’s decision, the defendant heavily
leans on dicta by the Court of Appeal in _Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thia Huat
and Another_ [2005] 2 SLR 188 at [35]:

35 We are mindful that an appellant must show a “manifest error” in order to
challenge the findings of a nominated valuer. In _Tan Yeow Khoon v Tan Yeow
Tat_ [2003] 3 SLR 486 (affirmed on appeal), Choo Han Teck J held at [12]:

[W]here the parties had agreed to accept a price that their nominated valuer
had determined so that litigation could thereby be avoided, they were bound by
that valuation even if the valuer was wrong. The only possible exception is
where there is a _manifest error_ that justly requires judicial intervention.
[emphasis added]

16 However, Choo J’s reference to _manifest error_ as the only possible
exception justifying judicial intervention into an expert’s decision does not
constitute any part of the judicial lexicon embraced by other common law
courts in a similar context . The term “manifest error” is usually expressly
incorporated in conclusive evidence clauses to allow challenges to be made
when there are plain and obvious errors in what the certificate purports to
represent. It is therefore necessary to examine the context in which Choo J
adverted to the term “manifest error” in _Tan Yeow Khoon v Tan Yeow Tat_
[2003] 3 SLR 486. The relevant paragraph in his judgment at [12] reads as
follows:

_Jones v Sherwood Computer Services plc_ [1992] 1 WLR 277 and _Baber v Kenwood
Manufacturing Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 175 _,_ are inapplicable on the
facts of the present case in the manner that Mr Chew so bravely put them
forward. _I do not disagree with the fundamental principle enunciated in these
two cases, and which was in fact an affirmation of Campbell v Edwards [1976] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 522. In the latter case, the court was of the view that where the
parties had agreed to accept a price that their nominated valuer had
determined so that litigation could thereby be avoided, they were bound by
that valuation even if the valuer was wrong. The only possible exception is
where there is a manifest error that justly requires judicial intervention.
There is no such error in the present case_.

[emphasis added]

It is apparent from the context in which Choo J referred to the term that
“manifest error” appears to be no more than a convenient shorthand reference
to a patent error on the “face” of the award or decision. It was clearly never
Choo J’s intention either to depart from or extrapolate the legal stance
adopted in _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403. The term _manifest error_ in
my view should not be accorded any particular significance as representing an
inclination or desire by the courts in Singapore to intervene with greater
alacrity to correct decisions made by an expert.

17 The courts in England and Australia have consistently taken the view that
in such situations, even if an expert is wrong or muddle-headed the parties
cannot complain (see [7]). The real reason for this stance is that the parties
have contractually agreed to accept the decision of the expert – _a fortiori_
if it is expressly provided that the decision of the expert is to be ‘final’.
The courts have however reserved the right to ‘correct’ an expert’s decision
in a speaking award if it can be shown to be the result of an error on the
face of the award. Lord Denning MR in _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403 at
407 made the following incisive observations:

It may be that if a valuer gives a speaking valuation – if he gives his
reasons or his calculations – and you can show _on the face of them_ that they
are wrong it might be upset. But this is not such a case. Chestertons simply
gave the figure. Having given it honestly, it is binding on the parties. _It
is no good for either party to say that it is incorrect_. [emphasis added]

In _Legal & General Life of Australia Ltd v A Hudson Pty Ltd_ [1985] 1 NSWLR
314, after a painstaking review of the relevant authorities, McHugh JA noted
at 335:

In my opinion the question whether a valuation is _binding_ upon the parties
depends in the first instance upon the terms of the contract, express or
implied. … _It will be difficult, and usually impossible_ , _however, to imply
a term that a valuation can be set aside on the ground of the valuer’s mistake
or because the valuation is unreasonable_. The terms of the contract usually
provide, as the lease in the present case, does, that the decision of the
valuer is “final and binding on the parties”. By referring the decision to a
valuer, the parties agree to accept his honest and impartial decision as to
the appropriate amount of the valuation. … But as between the parties to the
main agreement the valuation can stand even though it was made negligently.
While mistake or error on the part of the valuer is not by itself sufficient
to invalidate the decision or the certification of valuation, nevertheless,
the mistake may be of a kind which shows that the valuation is not in
accordance with the contract. A mistake concerning the identity of the
premises to be valued could seldom, if ever, comply with the terms of the
agreement between the parties. But a valuation which is the result of the
mistaken application of the principles of valuation may still be made in
accordance with the terms of the agreement. In each case the critical question
must always be: Was the valuation made in accordance with the terms of a
contract? If it is, it is nothing to the point that the valuation may have
proceeded on the basis of error or that it constitutes a gross over or under
value. _Nor is it relevant that the valuer has taken into consideration
matters which he should not have taken into account or has failed to take into
account matters which he should have taken into account. The question is not
whether there is an error in the discretionary judgment of the valuer. It is
whether the valuation complies with the terms of the contract_.

[emphasis added]

18 In _Holt and Another v Cox_ [1997] 23 A.C.S.R. 590 the New South Wales
Court of Appeal determined that a factual error or consideration of matters
which should not have been taken into account would not be relevant if the
valuation was in accordance with the terms of the parties’ contract. Mason P
in summarising the legal position made the following very pertinent
observations at 596 to 597:

As McHugh JA develops in more detail in his judgment in _Legal & General_,
these and other recent authorities depart from earlier statements of the law
in that they recognise it is insufficient for a dissatisfied party to point to
some mistake in the reasoning process exposed by the expert valuer. At least
as a matter of common law, a valuation will stand if it satisfies the
description given in the contract between the parties. The readiness in the
courts to provide greater latitude for experts to choose between different
valuation methods and, within limits, to make errors in assessing facts or
taking matters into consideration or declining to take matters into
consideration, is influenced by the recognition in; _Arenson v Arenson_ [1977]
AC 405 and _Sutcliffe v Thackrah_ [1974] AC 727 that the expert who
negligently determines a valuation will be held liable in damages to the party
suffering loss in consequence of the expert’s negligence.

… _It appears to me that the trend in recent years has also been influenced by
a recognition that courts have no greater expertise than expert valuers; and
that where parties have chosen voluntarily to commit the determination of
valuation to an expert, judicial restraint is an appropriate response._
Nevertheless, it is recognised that there are limits to the types of error
which will be overlooked in the courts, even in the most robust statements of
the modern position. As Sir Frederick Jordan once reminded us, “there are
mistakes and mistakes”: _Ex parte Hebburn Ltd; Re Kearsley Shire Council_
(1947) 47 SR (NSW) 416 at 420. Especially where, as here, the valuer exposes
his or her reasoning process, then the ultimate issue for judicial
determination remains that of deciding whether the valuation was in accordance
with the parties’ contract.

…

I have already mentioned Sir Frederick Jordan’s apophthegm about “mistakes and
mistakes”. It was uttered in a mandamus case. I _t seems to me that
administrative law provides a useful analogy in the present context. There,
the decision maker has an area within which he or she may make mistakes, even
mistakes of relevance or law, without failure to exercise the jurisdiction
conferred, or exposing the decision to quashing. It is only those mistakes
which involve a failure to address something which the statute requires to be
taken into account that will expose the decision to judicial review on
jurisdictional grounds_ : _Sean Investments Pty Ltd v MacKellar_ (1981) 38 ALR
363 at 385 (Deane J); _Minister for Aboriginal Affairs v Peko-Wallsend Ltd_
(1986) 162 CLR 24 at 39; 66 ALR 299. The criteria of discrimination between
“mistakes and mistakes” are not determinable in advance: cf _R v Australian
Broadcasting Tribunal_ ; _Ex parte 2HD Pty Ltd_ (1979) 144 CLR 45 at 49 27 ALR
321.

(emphasis added)

19 If the parties agree that an expert’s decision is final a court should not
inquire (in the absence of a charge of fraud or collusion):

(a) how a decision has been reached;

(b) into the basis for the decision; or

(c) whether the decision was indeed correct.

To do so would be entirely contrary to the parties’ contractual intentions to
be bound by an expert’s decision – particularly if the agreement itself
expressly stipulates that the decision of the expert is final. I respectfully
concur with Lord Denning MR’s view in _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403
that the only errors that can be corrected by the court are those that appear
on the ‘ _face’_ of the award or report (see [17]). In the context of a
speaking award the court should not stray beyond the actual report or award in
considering how or why the decision was reached. The underlying evidence ought
not to be re-examined or referred to as this would be tantamount to an
appellate hearing and to that extent contrary to what the parties had solemnly
agreed to. The right of review should be confined to correcting apparent
mistakes that appear on the face of the report or award (e.g. apparent
mathematical miscalculations) and to determining whether the expert has
complied with his terms of appointment. If an expert answers the right
question in the wrong way his decision will nevertheless be binding; see the
decision of Knox J in _Nikko Hotels_ _(UK) Ltd v MEPC plc_ [1991] 2 EGLR 103
at p 108B.

20 The defendant’s complaints in the application are in essence no more than a
back-door attempt to reopen the very prohibition stipulated by the SA to wit
that the Award “is final and no appeal shall lie against such decision”. As
pointed out earlier (see [7]) even assuming _arguendo_ that the Expert was
mistaken or has made an error, the proper remedy for the defendant is to bring
an action against the Expert for negligence. However there has not been and
indeed there cannot be any suggestion that the Expert has acted corruptly. The
defendant must therefore be held to the bargain it made under the SA and
should not be allowed a further opportunity to review or rehash the purported
merits of the matter.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Dec 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

