Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Lim Cheong Peng  
[2006] SGHC 145

Case Number | : | OS 672/2006, SUM 1808/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 August 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yap (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the applicant; C R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah), Gregory Vijayendran and Chua Sui Tong (Wong Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Lim Cheong Peng   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Grossly improper conduct – Complaint
lodged with Law Society against advocate and solicitor – Complaint alleging
advocate and solicitor falsely attesting bills of sale and guarantees –
Complainants' testimonies only available direct evidence of events at hearing
before Disciplinary Committee – Disciplinary Committee finding advocate and
solicitor guilty of grossly improper conduct – Whether Disciplinary Committee
erring in making various inferential findings  
  

21 August 2006 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This case concerns an application under s 98 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the respondent, Mr Lim Cheong Peng, an
advocate and solicitor of 13 years’ standing and a partner of M/s Timothy Ong
Lim & Partners, to show cause why he should not be dealt with under s 83 of
the Act for grossly improper conduct.

**Background**

2 The present proceedings stem from a complaint to the Law Society of
Singapore (“the Law Society”) in December 2001 against the respondent by Mdm
Lim Tok Wah (“Mdm Lim”) and her husband, Mr Lim Then Hock (“Mr Lim”), who are
both referred to as “the complainants” in this judgment. In essence, their
complaint was that the respondent falsely attested that bills of sale and
guarantees had been executed by them in his presence when they were not.

3 Mdm Lim is the sole proprietor of Goldsun Motor Vehicle Charter & Rental,
which is in the motor vehicle rental business. In June 2000, Mdm Lim required
a loan to pay for the renewal of the Certificates of Entitlement (“COE”) for
her motor vehicles. She approached Tai Thong Lee Trading (Pte) Ltd (“TTL
Leasing”), which is in the business of granting loans for the renewal of COEs.
These loans are secured by bills of sale relating to the motor vehicles and by
personal guarantees. In addition to charging its clients interest on the
loans, TTL Leasing requires them to pay an additional sum of $500 for each
vehicle in respect of which a loan has been given for the extension of its
COE.

4 From June to August 2000, Mdm Lim went several times to TTL Leasing’s office
to borrow a total sum of $279,888, which was secured by 33 bills of sale
executed by her with respect to her motor vehicles. Mr Lim guaranteed the
repayment of the loans extended to his wife.

5 Under s 10 of the Bills of Sale Act (Cap 24, 1985 Rev Ed), a bill of sale
must be attested by an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court and
registered. For convenience, TTL Leasing had a standing arrangement with the
respondent for the purpose of complying with s 10 of the said Act. Out of the
$500 that TTL Leasing collected from its clients for each motor vehicle in
respect of which a loan was given, the respondent was paid $50. The respondent
attested that he witnessed the execution of 33 bills of sale by Mdm Lim and
that he gave the requisite explanation of the effect thereof to her. He also
signed the guarantee papers, stating that he witnessed the execution of the
same by Mr Lim.

6 Subsequently, disputes arose between Mdm Lim and TTL Leasing and in June
2001, TTL Leasing seized Mdm Lim’s vehicles after she failed to effect
instalment payments on time. According to Mdm Lim, she decided to stop paying
the instalments after she discovered that TTL Leasing had cheated her by
inflating the COE charges for her vehicles. The complainants sought legal
advice on their position _vis-à-vis_ TTL Leasing from their lawyers, who
advised them that the bills of sale would be unenforceable unless they were
executed before an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court. Both the
complainants then claimed through their lawyers in a letter to TTL Leasing on
27 July 2001 that the respondent was not present when the relevant bills of
sale were executed. They wanted the respondent to confirm that this was the
case. As such, on 29 August 2001, the complainants barged into the
respondent’s office without an appointment to question him. They brought with
them a tape recorder and secretly taped their conversation in the hope that
the respondent might admit that he was not present when the bills of sale in
question were executed. However, the respondent made no such admission and
this led the complainants to call the police to come to the respondent’s
office. When the police arrived, the respondent informed them that the
complainants had a problem with TTL Leasing.

7 On 6 November 2001, the complainants wrote to the Chairman of the Monetary
Authority of Singapore and alleged that TTL Leasing had cheated them of $2,000
in relation to Land Transport Authority fees and that the latter had
repossessed their vehicles.

8 On 6 December 2001, the complainants wrote their first letter to the Law
Society, asking how they could recover the legal fees that they had paid to
TTL Leasing. After finding out that the Law Society could not assist them in
the recovery of their money from TTL Leasing, they finally lodged a complaint
against the respondent in an undated letter sent on 31 January 2002. After
investigating the matter, the Law Society was satisfied that there was
sufficient cause for the respondent to appear before its Disciplinary
Committee (“DC”).

**The Disciplinary Committee’s decision**

9 At the hearing before the DC, the charges against the respondent that are
relevant to the present proceedings were as follows:

**_Charge No. 1_**

That you, Lim Cheong Peng, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore, are guilty of grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of your professional duty within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of
the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) in that you, in or around the period of
29 June to 30 August 2000, purported to attest to the execution of certain
Bills of Sale by a Mdm Lim Tok Wah in favour of a company known as TTL Leasing
and explain to her the effect of the Bills of Sale when you did not in fact do
so.

** _Amended Charge No. 2_**

That you, Lim Cheong Peng, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore, are guilty of grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of your professional duty within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of
the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) in that you, in or around the period of
29 June to 30 August 2000, purported to witness the execution of certain
Letters of Guarantee by a Mr Lim Then Hock in favour of a company known as TTL
Leasing when you did not in fact do so.

10 The respondent admitted that he could not confirm whether or not he
attended to the complainants as the events took place five years ago. However,
he said that he must have attended to them as he had a Standard Operating
Procedure (“SOP”) for the execution of bills of sale, which he adhered to
without exception. Under his SOP, once TTL Leasing had approved a client’s
application, he would be called upon to attest the execution of the relevant
bill of sale either at his office or at TTL Leasing’s office. When attending
to the execution of a bill of sale, he would go through the terms of the bill
with the borrower and would thus be present when the bill was executed.

11 After a three-day hearing, the DC was satisfied that Mdm Lim and Mr Lim had
executed the bills of sale and guarantees in the respondent’s absence. The DC
found the respondent guilty of grossly improper conduct within the meaning of
s 83(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession Act and decided that there was sufficient
cause for disciplinary action against him under the Legal Profession Act.

**The court’s view**

12 At the outset, it is worth reiterating that the Law Society bears the legal
burden of proving its case beyond reasonable doubt. The position was put as
follows in _Re an Advocate and Solicitor_ [1978–1979] SLR 240 at 249, [21], by
A P Rajah J:

A charge under [the Legal Profession Act] is a serious charge and if found
proved could attract the punishment of disbarment. It is settled law that the
degree of proof required is the same as in criminal cases ...

13 As the only direct evidence to support the Law Society’s case against the
respondent was that of the complainants, their credibility should be carefully
scrutinised. We are mindful of the fact that an appellate court does not
lightly interfere with findings of fact by a lower court or a disciplinary
committee unless their conclusions are clearly against the weight of evidence.
As such, where a trial judge has had to decide which of two conflicting
versions of events is true, the appellate court will not, without more,
overrule the trial judge. This has been stressed in innumerable decisions. For
instance in _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at 719, [32], F A Chua J, who
delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said:

An appellate court will not disturb findings of fact unless they are clearly
reached against the weight of the evidence. In examining the evidence, an
appellate court has always to bear in mind that it has neither seen nor heard
the witnesses and has to pay due regard to the trial judges’ findings and
their reasons therefor.

14 Different considerations arise in the case of inferences of fact that are
drawn by the lower court from the circumstances of the case. It is clear that
an appellate court is just as competent as the court below in the drawing of
such inferences: see _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 at [24]. In
the present case, the DC made a number of mistakes in its inferential findings
which led it to disbelieve the respondent’s case.

15 In this case, there are three broad areas in which the DC had erred in its
findings, resulting in it disbelieving the evidence of the respondent and his
witnesses. The first is that the evidence of Mdm Lim was consistent with that
of her husband. This is not borne out by their testimony. The second is that
the complainants’ evidence that they had signed the bills of sale in the
respondent’s absence was corroborated by a witness. This is only true if the
evidence of the witness was credible, but it was not. The third area is that
the DC disbelieved the evidence of the respondent and his witnesses for the
wrong reasons.

**_Inconsistencies in the complainants’ evidence_**

16 With respect to the issue of consistency, the inconsistencies in the
complainants’ evidence were as follows:

(a) Mdm Lim claimed that she did not read the bills of sale and that she could
not remember whether her name was printed therein or in the warrants to act.
Yet she claimed to be able to remember that the respondent’s name and the
dates were not stated in the documents that she signed.

(b) Mdm Lim claimed that on her first visit to TTL Leasing’s office, she went
without her husband. However, Mr Lim said that he accompanied her on her first
visit.

(c) Mdm Lim testified that she did not remember anything about her motor
vehicles being used as security for the loans advanced by TTL Leasing but Mr
Lim said that he told her that the said vehicles would be used as security for
the loans.

(d) Mdm Lim claimed that the loans had been disbursed by TTL Leasing by way of
a cheque. However, Mr Lim stated that no cheque had been given to them because
TTL Leasing applied to the Land Transport Authority for the renewal of the
COEs directly. Although these contradictions cast doubt on the complainants’
recollection of key events surrounding the execution of the bills of sale and
the corresponding guarantees, none of them were referred to by the DC in its
report, which concluded that the complainants’ evidence was “consistent”.

(e) Mr Lim claimed that his lawyers had never advised him that the bills of
sale were invalid if they were not executed before an advocate and solicitor
and that he had gone to the respondent’s office for the purpose of seeking his
assistance in resolving the dispute with TTL Leasing. This was patently untrue
because he had stated in his affidavit that he and his wife decided to meet
the respondent “in the hope that [the respondent] would admit that [Mdm Lim]
did not sign the documents before him” and added that “it was for this reason
that I decided to secretly tape the conversation with the [respondent] at that
meeting”. In any case, by that time, Mr Lim’s lawyers had already stated in a
letter dated 27 July 2001 that their clients took the position that the bills
of sale and guarantees executed on 20 June 2000 had not been signed in the
presence of the respondent.

**_Complainants’ evidence was not corroborated by evidence of their witness_**

17 Reference must next be made to the evidence of the complainants’ only
witness, one Mdm LGN, which had been introduced to refute the respondent’s
claim that he had consistently followed an SOP in transactions involving bills
of sale, which was that the clients had to be present when he attested to
their execution of the bills of sale. Mdm LGN, a former employee of Mdm Lim,
currently operates her own vehicle lending business. A former client of TTL
Leasing, she testified that she had executed bills of sale, which had been
allegedly attested to by the respondent, even though the latter was not
present when she executed the same. The DC concluded that she “substantially
corroborated” the complainants’ evidence. We disagreed because much of her
evidence was suspect. Like the complainants, she claimed that she had never
seen the respondent before. Yet her own former employee, one Mr Tan Ah Thu,
who guaranteed the loans given to her by TTL Leasing, testified that he had
accompanied her on no less than five occasions to TTL Leasing’s office and
that the respondent was present on all these occasions. Strangely enough, Mdm
LGN could not even recall the name of her own guarantor.

18 Apart from her unhelpful evidence, Mdm LGN could not be regarded as an
independent witness for despite her initial denials, she confirmed that she
had a long-standing extramarital affair with Mr Lim. She is presently married
to Mr Lim’s nephew, one Mr Chen Ruining. When all these are viewed in the
context of her testimony, we could not see how she could have corroborated the
complainants’ evidence.

**_Insufficient weight given to evidence of the respondent and his
witnesses_**

19 As for the respondent’s evidence, we noted that there were gaps in his
evidence. However, his evidence should not have been given short shrift by the
DC, which noted that of the $50 paid to him for each transaction, he only
earned $30 because $20 were required for stamp fees. The DC concluded that it
was not convinced that “a solicitor would be prepared to take time to attend
out of office to attest the execution of bills of sale for which he also
assumes the responsibility of an advocate and solicitor under section 10(2) of
the Bills of Sale Act, all for $30”. However, on each occasion, there were
several bills of sale which required attestation and there was thus a much
larger sum to be earned for attending to clients at TTL Leasing’s office. For
instance, on 31 July 2000, Mdm Lim executed 17 bills of sale. At $30 per bill,
the respondent earned $510 from her transactions on that day.

20 It was surprising that the DC also did not consider in a favourable light
the evidence of the respondent’s two witnesses. With respect to the evidence
of Mdm LGN’s mechanic, Mr Tang Ah Thu (“Mr Tang”), who contradicted her
evidence that the respondent was not present when she executed bills of sale,
the DC found that he had contradicted the respondent’s evidence that he would
attend at TTL Leasing’s office only if the number of borrowers was large. As
the respondent’s counsel, Mr Chelva Rajah SC, rightly pointed out, it was
possible that Mr Tang and Mdm LGN could have come to TTL Leasing’s office at
the tail end of one of the attestation sessions. If so, the number of
borrowers would not be large at that moment. As such, Mr Tang’s evidence did
not necessarily contradict the respondent’s evidence that he would attend at
TTL Leasing’s office only if the number of borrowers was large.

21 The respondent’s other witness, Mr Tan Cheng Leng (“Mr Tan”), a former
client of TTL Leasing, confirmed that when he went to TTL Leasing’s office on
two occasions, he executed bills of sale in the presence of the respondent. He
added that there was another occasion when another lawyer attested to his
execution of bills of sale. While his evidence cannot prove that the
respondent was present when Mdm Lim executed the bills of sale with respect to
her vehicles, he attempted to support the respondent’s claim that, as a matter
of practice, he would be present at the attestation of the bills in order to
explain the effect of the bills and to witness the execution of the same. It
is pertinent to note that both he and Mdm Lim executed bills of sale on the
same day on 31 July 2000. In fact, Mdm Lim executed 17 bills of sale on that
day. Although it is possible that the respondent could have left after
witnessing Mr Tan’s execution of bills of sale in favour of TTL Leasing, we
find that his evidence creates reasonable doubt as to whether the DC was
entitled to find that the respondent might not have found it worthwhile to
attest to the execution of the bills of sale in person because he only earned
$30 for each execution at TTL Leasing’s office.

22 The DC explained at para 24 of its report why it did not believe Mr Tan as
follows:

If [Tan] had found TCL-1 just a few days before his affidavit of 1 August
2005, how could he have identified in TCL-2 dated 16 April 2002 that TCL-1
were the documents he executed on 31 July 2000. We are therefore of the view
that [Tan]’s affidavit was contrived by the Respondent with the assistance of
TTL who would have copies of TCL-1 because of [Tan]’s unwitting admission in
his affidavit that his bills of sale were attested by “ _a man I now know as
Mr Lim Cheong Peng_.” [emphasis in original]

23 In our view, the circumstances do not suggest that this evidence was
contrived. TCL-2 was a form sent out by TTL Leasing to several of its
customers after the complainants had complained to the Law Society about the
respondent. It was to ascertain whether or not the particular customer
recalled that the respondent was present during the execution of the
customer’s bills of sale. Admittedly, Mr Tan had not yet located the copies of
the bills of sale that he had executed, which are found in TCL-1, when he
filled up the form exhibited in TCL-2. However, this does not mean that his
recollection of the respondent’s presence at the execution of his own bills of
sale was unreliable. The DC should not have placed so much emphasis on the
words “by a man I now know as Mr Lim Cheong Peng”. When the Law Society’s
counsel cross-examined him on this, his response was “I only know him as a
lawyer and he is Mr Lim. My English is no good”. A reasonable reading of Mr
Tan’s affidavit is that upon being informed of the respondent’s full name, he
was then able to confirm that the full name of the lawyer who witnessed the
execution of his bills of sale is Lim Cheong Peng. We accept the submission of
the respondent’s counsel that what Mr Tan was trying to convey to us was that
the respondent’s name simply did not register in his mind when he signed the
bill of sale. This is to be expected. Accordingly, the inference of
contrivance was not made out.

**Conclusion**

24 In summary, the reasons given by the DC for disbelieving the respondent and
his witnesses were not supported by the evidence. In the circumstances, there
was insufficient evidence for the DC to hold that the charges against the
respondent had been proved beyond reasonable doubt. As such, we make no order
on the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

