Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Mei Lan Kristine v Ong Boon Huat Samuel  
[2006] SGHC 108

Case Number | : | D 602355/2003, RAS 720033/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 June 2006  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nicole Loh Wern Sze (Harry Elias Partnership) for the petitioner; Ooi Oon Tat (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chan Mei Lan Kristine — Ong Boon Huat Samuel   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Wife servicing payments for
matrimonial home whilst husband financing purchase of second property –
Whether second property forming part of matrimonial assets – Section 112(10)
Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

16 June 2006

Andrew Phang Boon Leong J:

**Introduction**

1**** The petitioner wife and respondent husband were married on 1 July 2000.
After one unsuccessful attempt at presenting a divorce petition, the wife
filed a divorce petition on 17 June 2003 on the ground of unreasonable
behaviour on the part of the husband. The decree _nisi_ was granted on 19
September 2003. Looked at from a practical perspective, given the initial
(albeit unsuccessful) attempt by the wife at presenting a divorce petition, it
is clear (as the learned district judge (“the judge”) found) that the marriage
lasted, effectively, for only 19 months. There were no children from the
marriage.

2 Ancillary matters with regard to maintenance for the wife and the division
of matrimonial property were heard before the judge on 18 April 2005, who made
the following order (see _Chan Mei Lan Kristine v Ong Boon Huat Samuel_ [2005]
SGDC 187 (“the GD”) at [3]):

(a) The Petitioner was entitled to 18.56% of the net total value of both
properties at 259, Onan Road (the matrimonial home) and 373, Onan Road, #01-10
Malvern Springs (Malvern Springs property) which, using the Respondent’s
amended calculations, amounted to $22,596.64.

(b) The Respondent was given the option either to sell the Malvern Springs
property or he could retain it upon paying the Respondent the said $22,596.64.

(c) The matrimonial flat was to be sold within 6 months.

(d) No order on other claims of both parties.

(e) Respondent to pay $1 per month as maintenance to Petitioner.

(f) Costs of Divorce Petition to Petitioner fixed at $1,500 and costs of
$2,000 for the ancillary proceedings.

3 Both parties lodged an appeal and cross-appeal, respectively, against the
decision of the judge. When these appeals and cross-appeals came up for
hearing before me, the wife sought leave to withdraw her application. Leave
was granted. In the meantime, I was given to understand that the husband was
amenable to a settlement. This may well have been the reason why the wife
withdrew her appeal. His then counsel requested an adjournment, which was
granted. There followed three more adjournments, all at the request of the
husband – and all with a view to an amicable resolution. The husband, having
obtained several adjournments, had a sudden change of heart and decided to
proceed with his appeal. He had also decided to change his lawyers in the
meantime. This was a radical shift in his legal stance – one which he was of
course legally entitled to do but which nevertheless wasted much court time as
it was clear that counsel for the wife, Ms Nicole Loh, was prepared to argue
the case but nevertheless graciously acceded to the repeated requests for
adjournments. The husband’s present lawyer, Mr Ooi Oon Tat, in fact requested
for an adjournment in the first instance as he had just taken over the file. I
granted the adjournment. Finally, at the sixth time of asking, the husband was
prepared to argue his case. Having heard and considered the arguments from
counsel for both parties, I found the judgment rendered by the judge below to
be, on the whole, both logical and fair. I therefore varied the judge’s order
slightly, ordering that the husband pay the wife 15% of the net total value of
both properties at 259 Onan Road (“the matrimonial home”) and 373 Onan Road
#01-10 Malvern Springs (“the Malvern Springs property”), which amounted to
$18,000. The husband was dissatisfied and has appealed against my decision.

4 In appealing against the judge’s decision, the husband had in fact sought
the following instead (see the GD at [5]):

(a) That the matrimonial home at 259 Onan Road, Singapore 424651 be sold in
the open market after two years from the date of the making of this Order and
for the net proceeds of sale after deducting the following expenses be divided
between the Petitioner and the Respondent in the proportion of 36%:64%
respectively or any other apportionment which the Court deems to be fair and
just:

(i) The Respondent’s cash contribution towards the initial downpayment, stamp
fee and legal fees amounting to $151,268.00;

(ii) Costs of sale including legal costs and agents’ commission;

(iii) Payment of all outstanding bank loan;

(iv) Refund to both parties’ CPF account of all monies utilized for the
acquisition of the matrimonial home together with accrued interest;

(v) Costs of the repair works carried out; and

(vi) Any other costs and expenses incidental to the sale.

(b) That the Petitioner shall not be entitled to any share in the Malvern
Springs property.

(c) That the parties bear his/her own costs of the Court below.

(d) That the Respondent’s costs of and incidental to this Appeal be paid by
the Petitioner.

5 No issue arose with regard to the issue of maintenance for the wife. This is
not surprising as she was awarded only a nominal sum of $1 per month. In the
words of the judge, such “a token sum” was appropriate because “[t]he
Petitioner [wife] was not dependent on the Respondent [husband]” (see the GD
at [16]). Indeed, the evidence demonstrated in no uncertain terms that the
wife was far more successful financially compared to the husband (see the GD
at [10]).

6 I turn, therefore to the main issue at hand, which centres on the division
of the matrimonial assets.

**Division of the matrimonial assets**

7 The matrimonial assets comprised the two properties, _viz_ , the matrimonial
home and the Malvern Springs property, respectively.

8 The husband’s principal argument centres around the fact that the wife had
no claim to the Malvern Springs property and that the judge had therefore
erred in including it in the pool of matrimonial assets for the purposes of s
112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). It is relevant
to note that of the two properties concerned, the matrimonial property has
fallen rather drastically in value whilst the Malvern Springs property has
appreciated in value. It is therefore imperative to ascertain the reasons
behind the husband’s claim that the wife has no claim to the Malvern Springs
property.

9 Before proceeding to examine the husband’s arguments, it would be
appropriate to set out the brief background to both properties. As already
alluded to above, the present position is that the matrimonial home has fallen
drastically in value whereas the Malvern Springs property stands on an
entirely different financial footing.

10 According to Ms Loh, the wife was servicing the payments for the
matrimonial property whereas it was agreed that the husband would service the
payments for the Malvern Springs property. More importantly, the intention of
the parties was that _the Malvern Springs property would replace the
matrimonial property_. At this point, there can therefore be no doubt that the
Malvern Springs property was clearly part of the pool of matrimonial assets;
indeed, it was to be _a central part_ of that pool as it would constitute the
_new_ matrimonial home.

11 As it turned out, however, the purchase of the Malvern Springs property was
aborted and herein we approach the nub of the dispute between the parties.
According to the wife, she did not have sufficient funds to service the
financing required for both the matrimonial home and the Malvern Springs
property. In other words, the original intention as to why the Malvern Springs
property was sought to be purchased in the first instance (that it was
envisaged as the new matrimonial home) remained. As Ms Loh put it, “[i]n
paying for the matrimonial property, she [the wife] enabled him [the husband]
to purchase Malvern Springs”.[note: 1]

12 Not unexpectedly, the husband’s argument was radically different and, here,
we come to his reasons in more detail. He claimed that the wife had
relinquished all claim to the Malvern Springs property. In this regard, he
referred to the joint record of appeal, which contained the affidavit of means
by the wife; he referred, in particular, to paras 11 and 12 of this
affidavit.[note: 2] However, a close perusal of these paragraphs _in context_
reveals the precise opposite of what counsel for the husband was in fact
arguing in favour of. Indeed, these paragraphs confirm the wife’s version. As
the wife herself put it in the very paragraph cited by counsel for the
husband, she “was already unable to afford buying another property as all
[her] monies were already being used to finance [the] matrimonial home’s
outstanding loan”.[note: 3] And, in her own words once again, “[t]herefore, it
was agreed that the Respondent [the husband] would be the one fully financing
the purchase of Malvern Springs”.[note: 4] The wife then proceeds to elaborate
thus:[note: 5]

However, for the Respondent to obtain a mortgage loan from the bank for such a
purchase, the mortgage loan had to be applied for by both him and I.
Therefore, the Respondent asked me to be a joint owner of Malvern Springs and
to apply for the mortgage loan with him so that he can continue with the
purchase _but it was made very clear that I will not be paying anything for
Malvern Springs._ This is confirmed by the fact that the Respondent was the
one who paid the initial 10% downpayment for the property. [emphasis added]

13 Paragraph 12 of the affidavit of means, which as we have just noted was
relied upon by counsel for the husband, reads as follows:

Subsequently, our relationship broke down and when the Respondent wanted me to
sign the mortgage documents, I wanted to enter into a Deed of Financial
Settlement with the Respondent to record the agreement between us with regard
to the Malvern Springs property. However, the Respondent refused to even
confirm via letters that he would be wholly responsible for the housing loan
instalments, the second 10% of the purchase price, interest, stamp duty,
penalty, outgoings, costs, any bank charges and fees, legal costs etc of the
property. Therefore I could not sign the mortgage documents as it would mean
that I am legally liable for the payments should the Respondent not pay and I
will not be able to indemnify myself from liability.

14 On the other hand, Ms Loh, also referring this portion of the joint record
of appeal, pointed to an exhibit (a letter from the wife’s then lawyers to the
husband’s then lawyers) that elaborated upon para 12 of the affidavit (which
was reproduced in the preceding paragraph). Ms Loh argued that this particular
letter, which also included a request for an indemnity, supported the wife’s
version.[note: 6] In point of fact, however, even without this letter, it was
clear to me that the plain meaning as well as context of paras 11 and 12 of
the affidavit supported the wife’s version of what the understanding between
the parties was with regard to both the matrimonial home and the Malvern
Springs property.

15 I found, on the other hand, Mr Ooi’s argument to be unpersuasive and, with
respect, misconceived. The material he cited was equally consistent with the
agreement and understanding between the parties referred to at [11] above. It
is true that, by that time, the marriage was (in all probability) not in a
salubrious state. But, even if that was the case, it does not detract from the
_objective fact_ of the agreement and understanding as well as of the wife’s
financial inability to finance both properties (which led to this agreement
and understanding in the first instance). Indeed, it was precisely because the
marriage was not going well that the wife did not (as an _additional_ reason)
want to be a co-purchaser of the Malvern Springs property, lest the husband
renege on their agreement and understanding and demand that she service the
financing for that property in addition to that for the matrimonial home which
she was already servicing. Ironically, the very material supporting this
reason was cited by Mr Ooi himself (see [13] above). One must also bear in
mind the fact that this agreement or understanding would, in all probability,
not have had any legally binding effect as there is a presumption that in a
_domestic_ context there is no intention to create legal relations: see, for
example, the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _Balfour v Balfour_
[1919] 2 KB 571.

16 Let us look, in fact, at the _substance_ of the matter. As Ms Loh has
argued, the only reason why the husband could purchase the Malvern Springs
property was because the wife was helping to finance the matrimonial property.
She was, to that extent, financially strapped and could not therefore help
finance the Malvern Springs property as well. That was the understanding
between the parties. Her initial participation _vis-à-vis_ the Malvern Springs
property was to help obtain financing from the bank. That was her
understanding. When the marriage broke down, she was naturally apprehensive.
This explains why she decided not to participate in the purchase of the
Malvern Springs property even on this superficial and formalistic level. In
_substance_ , however, the understanding between the parties never included
any participation at all. But this did not mean that the wife had relinquished
her interest in the Malvern Springs property – or any of the matrimonial
assets for that matter. It was a simple matter of division of financial
labour, so to speak. Her contribution, in fact, to the purchase of the Malvern
Springs property was in the form of relieving the husband with respect to his
otherwise heavier financial burdens _vis-à-vis_ the matrimonial home.

17 However, even assuming that the husband is correct in his argument that the
wife had backed out of the initial transaction for the Malvern Springs
property, albeit not for the reasons (of financing) that she had proffered,
did that make that particular piece of property any less a matrimonial asset?
After all, it was acquired during the marriage itself. In this regard, the
definition of a “matrimonial asset” under s 112(10) of the Act is instructive;
it reads as follows:

In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

18 Section 112(10), as reproduced above, deals with assets acquired both
before as well as during the marriage. There is some controversy as to whether
or not the last part of the provision qualifies paras (_a_) and (_b_), or para
(_b_) only. Be that as it may, it _is_ clear that, whichever view prevails,
that particular part does in fact qualify para (_b_). Paragraph (_b_) itself
is clear and, in this regard, a “matrimonial asset” would _mean_ “ _any_ other
asset of _any nature_ acquired _during_ the marriage by _one party or both
parties_ to the marriage” [emphasis added]. It is in fact not only clear but
also extensive in nature (see also, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei Chuan_ [2002] 1 SLR 177). It is,
as I have just alluded to, only qualified by the last part of the provision.
However, an even cursory examination of this last part reveals that it is only
a very limited exception; in particular, it is intended to exclude assets that
have been acquired by one of the parties to the marriage “at any time by _gift
or inheritance and_ that has _not_ been _substantially improved_ _during the
marriage_ by the other party _or_ by both parties to the marriage” [emphasis
added]. It is clear that this exception does _not_ apply to the present
proceedings. The Malvern Springs property was certainly _not_ acquired by the
husband by way of “gift or inheritance”. It is, in the circumstances,
unnecessary to consider the second limb of that part pertaining to the concept
of substantial improvement. I also note that this means that, _even if_ the
wife had (in the present proceedings) in fact relinquished her right to the
Malvern Springs property, this would not make that property any less a
matrimonial asset within the meaning of s 112(10) of the Act. In point of
fact, however, I find the husband’s argument with regard to relinquishment
both vague and contrived. In particular, what did he mean by the wife
relinquishing her right to the Malvern Springs property when she was not even
a co-purchaser to begin with? _However_ , as we have just seen, the fact that
the husband in fact acquired the Malvern Springs property during the marriage
meant that it clearly fell within the definition of a “matrimonial asset” in s
112(10) of the Act and therefore formed part of the pool of matrimonial
assets. In any event, as I have already pointed out above, I find that the
wife had good reason not to proceed with the husband to purchase the Malvern
Springs property jointly for the reasons which I have already set out above.

19 Indeed, when I pointed out to Mr Ooi that s 112(10)(_b_) of the Act was
clear,[note: 7] he conceded that “[t]hat is not my strongest ground”, although
he sought to argue that “it can be excluded because it is not just and
equitable”.[note: 8] With respect, this last-mentioned reason flew in the face
of the language and intention of the provision and was, in my view, no more
than a mere assertion and/or a misplaced appeal for sympathy which was (in my
view) undeserved in any event.

20 In point of fact, I find that it was the _husband_ who had reneged on the
arrangement he had with the wife to the effect that she would help to service
the financing for the matrimonial home. It would appear that it is he who
wishes to take full financial advantage of the situation by denying the wife
any share in the Malvern Springs property. This is impermissible as a matter
of both fact and law for the reasons I have set out above.

21 I did, however, vary the judge’s order slightly. It was clear that the
husband’s business was not doing well and that he was generally in an
unsatisfactory financial state. This was certainly the case when compared to
the financial state of the wife. As will be recalled, the wife was, as a
result, awarded only a nominal sum for maintenance (see [5] above). Pursuant
to s 112(2)(_h_) of the Act, I am empowered to have regard to “the matters
referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant”. Section
114(1)(_a_) of the Act refers to “the income, earning capacity, property and
other financial resources which each of the parties to the marriage has or is
likely to have in the foreseeable future”. Taking this last-mentioned factor
into account, I effected a slight variation to the judge’s order. This was, I
might add, a tad generous to the husband but I was of the view that I should
take into account the fact that he was not in the best of financial straits.

**Conclusion**

22 Finally, I should observe that although it is perhaps technically possible
that the husband was entitled to file the present appeal without first seeking
the leave of either the Court of Appeal or a judge of the High Court, this
appears (assuming that the technical argument just mentioned succeeds, and on
this argument I of course make no pronouncement) to be the result of a
technical loophole which was never intended in the first instance. Since the
final draft of this judgment was prepared, it has come to my attention that a
notice of motion has in fact been filed by the wife seeking to strike out the
notice of appeal in the present proceedings (see Summons No 1754 of 2006). I
therefore say no more about this particular issue. Be that as it may, the
husband’s appeal was almost wholly unmeritorious, and I was therefore of the
view that the judge’s decision ought only to be varied slightly and so made an
order accordingly.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See Notes of Evidence (“NE”) at p 7.

[note: 2] Vol II, Pt A, p 36 at paras 11-12.

[note: 3]  _Ibid_ at para 11.

[note: 4]  _Ibid_.

[note: 5]  _Ibid_.

[note: 6]  _Ibid_ at p 86.

[note: 7] See NE at p 6.

[note: 8]  _Ibid_ at p 7.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jun 2006 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

