Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Nyuk Lian v Lim Nia Yong  
[2007] SGHC 44

Case Number | : | DT 4829/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Foong Siew Hong (Characterist LLC) for the petitioner; Winston Low (Winston Low & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Nyuk Lian — Lim Nia Yong   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Indirect contributions to
matrimonial assets – Non-financial contributions to marriage – Effect on fair
and equitable distribution of matrimonial assets – Section 112(2) Women's
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

30 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC

1 The petitioner, Lee Nyuk Lian, and the respondent, Lim Nia Yong, were
married on 20 July 1990. They have two children now aged 16 and 17 years old.
The marriage broke down in 2003 and the petitioner left the matrimonial home
on 16 December 2003. The children have been with the respondent since then. .

2 A decree nisi to dissolve the marriage was granted on 29 April 2005 on the
basis that the respondent had behaved in such a manner that the petitioner
could not reasonably be expected to live with him. The ancillary matters were
adjourned to be heard in chambers and the question of costs was also reserved
to be dealt with in chambers.

3 The ancillary matters took on a life of their own when the respondent raised
allegations that the petitioner had misappropriated substantial sums of money
out of the family nest-egg. Taking this into account the respondent asserted
that the gross value of the matrimonial assets exceeded $1.5m. The matter then
came before me on 5 July 2006.

4 The central allegation made by the respondent was that a sum of around RM5
million had been accumulated over a period of time. He maintained that this
was to have been their retirement fund. He further alleged that this sum had
been siphoned off by the petitioner over a period of time prior to her leaving
the respondent. On the authority of the decision of Judith Prakash J in _Yow
Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 4 SLR 466 (“ _Yow Mee Lan_ ”), the respondent
submitted that these amounts should be restored to the pool of matrimonial
assets and be taken into account in the distribution.

5 At the hearing before me on 5 July 2006, the respondent was represented by
Mr Goh Aik Chew who as it turns out was counsel for the petitioner in _Yow Mee
Lan_. During the course of the hearing, Mr Goh went through various payments
and transactions involving the petitioner, in some cases with reference to the
documents. In particular, Mr Goh submitted that a number of cheques had been
signed by the petitioner and were either made out in her favour or to cash and
these appeared to have been encashed or paid into bank accounts some of which
had not been disclosed by the petitioner. On the basis of Mr Goh’s
submissions, it seemed to me that some of the transactions raised questions
which warranted a response from the petitioner.

6 Mr Leslie Foong who appeared for the petitioner responded by informing me
that his client had not addressed these issues in her affidavits in a way that
would have enabled him to respond in detail and with sufficient specificity to
the respondent’s allegations. He maintained that these allegations were untrue
and he contended that they were made by a person used to making such
allegations. In my view, this was not a satisfactory or sufficient response.
Mr Goh had raised some questions that seemed to be legitimate in relation to
funds that appeared to have been banked by the petitioner into accounts not
yet disclosed. If the petitioner chose not to respond, then it seemed to me
that it would leave it open for me to draw adverse inferences against her.

7 Mr Foong eventually accepted that it was appropriate for his client to
respond. However, he maintained that his client was not in possession of the
relevant documents. I therefore directed that the respondent was to prepare a
schedule of the impugned payments with cross-references to the documents that
he relied on. This was to be done within 3 weeks and it was then to be served
on the petitioner for her to see the documents and to respond and comment on
the respondent’s allegations.

8 Two weeks later, the respondent changed solicitors and appointed Mr Winston
Low in place of Mr Goh. Mr Low subsequently appeared before me on behalf of
the respondent. The respondent filed his schedule and affidavit as directed.
However, this led to further requests for documents and clarifications as a
result of which the petitioner only filed her response on 28 September 2006.
The respondent in turn took until 29 November 2006 to file his final affidavit
in response. The matter was then fixed for hearing before me on 19 and 20
March 2007.

9 In relation to the impugned payments, following discussions with both
counsel and after I reviewed with counsel the schedules together with the
allegations and responses on each side, it became apparent that the petitioner
did take issue with the respondent’s allegations and that there were very
substantial disputes of fact in relation to the allegations by the respondent
that the petitioner had embezzled substantial sums of money. The payments in
question were made out of the bank accounts of IDA Consultants Sdn Bhd, which
was a Malaysian company owned in equal shares by the petitioner and the
respondent. The respondent alleged that the company was treated as a family
company and that the funds in the accounts were treated as the family’s
assets.

10 Leaving that to one side it was apparent that the circumstances surrounding
these payments were hotly contested. The petitioner and the respondent each
had their own version as to how or why these payments had been made. By way of
example, where the petitioner alleged that certain payments had been approved
by the respondent, his response was that his initials signifying such approval
had been forged.

11 It was patently not possible or appropriate for me to make a finding in
respect of these transactions based only on the affidavits. The burden is on
the respondent who asserts that the money in the bank accounts of IDA
Consultants Sdn Bhd was an asset of the marriage and that it had been diverted
by the petitioner to her own use without the authority of the respondent. On
the basis of the hotly contested facts, it could not be said that the
respondent had discharged this burden. This distinguished the present case
from _Yow Mee Lan_ ([4] _supra_) where there was no dispute as to the
existence of the particular sum of money that was held in a joint account or
that it had been withdrawn by the wife and placed in her own account after she
became aware that the husband was having an extra-marital affair.

12 On those facts, the court in _Yow Mee Lan_ was satisfied that the sum in
question should be treated as part of the pool of assets to be dealt with in
the course of distributing the matrimonial assets. In the present case, it
became evident after the affidavits had been filed that the payments took
place over an extended period going back several years before the marriage had
broken down and under circumstances that were hotly contested on both sides.

13 It seemed to me in these circumstances that this issue was best left to the
respondent and/or the company, IDA Consultants Sdn Bhd to pursue the matter
separately through civil proceedings if either or both of them wished to do
so. Both counsel accepted that this was the sensible course to take in the
circumstances. They also agreed that as far as the parties are concerned, any
such claims would be conclusively dealt with in any such civil proceedings as
might be commenced and so could be disregarded for the purposes of the present
proceedings. Accordingly, these monies are not in any event to be treated as
part of the matrimonial assets which are dealt with in these proceedings. My
decision here would not foreclose or prevent the respondent or IDA Consultants
Sdn Bhd from attempting to pursue their claims elsewhere if they so wished.

14 It was also agreed that I should make no order for the distribution of the
shares currently held by each party in IDA Consultants Sdn Bhd. Accordingly,
if any separate civil proceedings are brought and if there is any recovery,
that will be resolved on the basis of the respective shareholdings of the
parties in that company.

15 It then fell upon me to address the remaining ancillary matters. Mr Low
argued that aside from the foregoing issues, there had been a failure by the
petitioner to disclose her assets fully and accurately. He relied on some bank
accounts and an insurance policy that had not been disclosed. Mr Foong
produced some letters from the bank to show that the accounts in question were
the same as those disclosed save that these had been renumbered following a
corporate re-organisation. As to the insurance policy, Mr Foong informed me
that as far as the petitioner could recall, this had been terminated but she
was trying to confirm this.

16 It did not appear to me that there was anything sinister in the alleged
non-disclosures and I gave leave to the petitioner to file a short affidavit
to exhibit the letters and to put her explanation on the record.

17 This left the following issues:

(a) maintenance of the wife;

(b) custody and access arrangements;

(c) distribution of the remaining matrimonial assets, in particular two
properties; and

(d) costs.

**Maintenance**

18 The petitioner is currently employed and residing in a rented flat. She
sought an order for nominal maintenance of $1 per month. The respondent
initially agreed to this but later resiled from this position on the basis of
the allegation that the petitioner had converted a substantial sum of family
money to her own use. As it was eventually concluded that this allegation
should be left to be pursued elsewhere and should be ignored as far as the
matrimonial proceedings are concerned, I see no basis not to make an order for
maintenance in the amount sought and I do so accordingly.

**Custody and access**

19 The respondent sought sole custody of the children whereas the petitioner
sought joint custody. The children are both boys, now aged 16 and 17. There
was no dispute that the respondent should retain care and control of the
children.

20 In my judgment, as far as possible, both parents should be encouraged to
remain involved in the upbringing of the children. Mr Low accepted this as a
sound premise. I accordingly order that both parties are to have joint custody
with care and control to the respondent.

21 The petitioner is to have liberal access to the children. Mr Foong
initially wanted me to fix the hours when access could take place. I did not
think it appropriate to do this in the context of children of the age of these
boys. In my judgment, it is preferable that the petitioner make the necessary
efforts to reach out to her children and to encourage them to see her as often
as she and they are willing and able. Both counsel eventually agreed with this
approach.

**Distribution of the matrimonial assets**

22 The following were the only assets that I was asked to deal with in my
order for distribution:

(a) HDB flat at Block 105, Bishan Street 12 #02-248, Singapore 570105 (“the
HDB flat”); and

(b) House at No 32 Jalan Bukit Kempas 3, Taman Bukit Kempas, 81299, Johor
Bahru, Malaysia (“the JB house”). This property is registered in the name of a
company known as IDA Resources Sdn Bhd in which the petitioner and the
respondent are the only shareholders.

23 The petitioner sought an order that she be entitled to a 50% interest in
each of these properties. Although she initially wanted an order that the
properties be sold and half the net proceeds be paid to her, Mr Foong made it
clear that she was not pressing for an order that the properties be sold as
long as she could realise her interest in them.

24 The respondent on the other hand initially maintained that the petitioner
should get no share. Subsequently, after it was decided that the allegations
concerning the payments made out of IDA Consultants Sdn Bhd would be
disregarded for the purposes of these proceedings, Mr Low suggested that the
fair and equitable share that the petitioner should be allowed, was between
10% and 20%.

**_The facts_**

25 The relevant facts were these. The parties had been married for a period of
almost 14 years when the marriage broke down. If the relevant date is taken to
be the date of the decree nisi, then the parties were married for around 15
years. The petitioner is aged 40 and the respondent, 49. Insofar as the HDB
flat is concerned, this was acquired by the respondent during a previous
marriage. There was no dispute that the HDB flat was acquired entirely through
the respondent’s resources. Mr Foong confirmed that the petitioner did not
make any direct or indirect financial contributions towards the acquisition of
the flat.

26 At the material times, the petitioner was a housewife although for a period
of time in the later part of the marriage, she provided administrative
services to the company through which the respondent provided his professional
services. The petitioner was the primary caregiver at home. She was also the
primary housekeeper. The petitioner also contended that the respondent had
travelled on work from time to time and when he did, she had been solely
responsible for maintaining the home and caring for the children. At one
stage, Mr Foong suggested that the petitioner was the sole caregiver and the
only person doing housekeeping work to the exclusion of the respondent. He
based this on the statement that she was “the _one_ who took care of our 2
sons’ daily needs” in her affidavit of means. I found this difficult to accept
in the sense that the petitioner had felt able to leave the respondent with
the children and must therefore have felt that the respondent was a capable
parent. Indeed, in one of her affidavits, she said as follows:

If I could, I would want to have care and control of them. But I cannot afford
to. I know that the respondent loves them too. So I believe he can take care
of them well.

27 In this light, it seemed unlikely to me that she could in all seriousness
maintain that the respondent had no role whatsoever in caring for the family
and providing welfare in the home. In any event, it could not be denied that
since December 2003 when the petitioner left the matrimonial home, the husband
had been the sole caregiver to the children as well as the sole person looking
after and providing for the home.

28 As for the JB property, Mr Foong submitted that the petitioner had made
some indirect financial contribution to that. The purchase was financed by a
downpayment made by the respondent and by a mortgage he serviced. However, the
parties had pulled down the house that had been there and had built a new
home. A contractor was engaged and from the photographs exhibited, it was
evident that this had been a major undertaking. The petitioner claimed that
despite this, she had sourced workers; sourced and purchased materials;
arranged deliveries; supervised and co-ordinated the building work; and
carried out arduous labour. The respondent did not deny that the petitioner
had been involved in this venture as had the respondent himself. However, he
contended that she had exaggerated her contribution.

29 This was a project undertaken in the years of the marriage when they had
dreams of building a home for their retirement and I have no reason to think
that either of the parties exerted appreciably more or less efforts than the
other.

30 The wife also contended that for a period of four years or so, she had done
administration and accounts in the respondent’s business. It was evident that
she had been involved in the administrative and accounting aspects of the
companies through which the respondent did his work since this had led to his
allegation that she had diverted some assets to her own use.

31 Lastly, both parties stated that they were making no claim in relation to
the amounts in their CPF accounts. Indeed, Mr Foong said that I could ignore
this for present purposes. I do note however that the respondent has declared
that there is an amount of around $125,000 in his CPF account distributed
among his ordinary, medisave and special accounts.

**_The applicable legal principles_**

32 The starting point of the analysis is S 112(2) of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 1997 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

112(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

33 It is evident that the section confers a very wide discretion upon the
court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case including the
specific matters enumerated in the section.

34 Section 112(2) was the subject of careful analysis and explication by
Prakash J in _Yow Mee Lan_ at [29] to [34] and the following principles flow
from that decision:

(a) In deciding what is a just and equitable distribution the court should
have regard to all relevant circumstances including those listed in the case
and this includes financial as well as non-financial contributions to the
acquisition of assets and to the care of the family and the home;

(b) The court adopts a broad brush approach in determining what a just and
equitable distribution would be. A party’s financial contributions to the
acquisition of any particular matrimonial asset would not be principally
determinative of how the asset is to be divided. The court is free to give as
much or even more weight to other non-financial factors; and

(c) The court should establish the relevant factors and then determine what
would be just and equitable and in this regard, the court should approach the
issue without any predisposition towards an assumption that both parties have
contributed equally towards the acquisition of assets.

35 Prakash J in _Yow Mee Lan_ also noted that a marriage is not a business but
a union where the spouses work together for a common goal. In this context
even if they each have unequal abilities, this should not result in unequal
rewards where they have consistently and over a long period made their
respective contributions as best they could.

36 This approach was subsequently approved by the Court of Appeal in _Lim
Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR 225. (“ _Lim Choon Lai_ ”).

37 Beyond these principles, it is useful to have regard to how the courts have
applied the foregoing principles to arrive at a just and equitable
distribution. In _Yow Mee Lan_ , Prakash J noted that the wife, though not as
capable professionally and academically as the husband, had done her utmost to
support him at home and in the business. She had worked almost throughout the
course of a marriage lasting 26 years. She had also looked after the home and
the children alone during the extensive periods the husband was travelling.
Her commitment to the family and marriage was described as “total and
unstinting”. The learned judge then concluded as follows at [42] – [46]:

42 To summarise, the marriage was a long one. The husband was the main income
earner. The wife looked after the home and children and played a supporting
role in the family business owned by the husband. It appears that she did not
have either the knowledge or the talent which the husband did and could not
herself have produced the substantial income he was able to generate. In these
circumstances, what would be a just and equitable division of the assets? The
District Judge placed great emphasis on the husband’s role as the income
generator and considered that he should therefore have a major share of the
assets.

43 With due respect, that approach no longer accords with the legislation
which takes a wider view. It recognises that a marriage is not a business
where, generally, parties receive an economic reward commensurate with their
economic input. It is a union in which the husband and wife work together for
their common good and the good of their children. Each of them uses (or should
use) his or her abilities and efforts for the welfare of the family and
contributes whatever he or she is able to. The partners often have unequal
abilities whether as parents or as income earners but, as between them, this
disparity of roles and talent should not result in unequal rewards where the
contributions are made consistently and over a longer period of time.

44 In the present case, the wife contributed to the best of her ability both
to the maintenance of the family and to the business. She provided essential
backup on which the husband could rely. He was able to travel for long periods
safe in the knowledge that both his home and his business were in reliable
hands. No doubt someone else could have done the administrative work in Plymat
which the wife did (the husband was at pains to denigrate her work as being
merely clerical) but with someone else in charge, he would not have had the
assurance that in the office his interests would not be undermined.

45 It is also relevant to my consideration that the wife’s claims to share in
the husband’s assets do not extend to his CPF contributions, two of his club
memberships and to his interest in Plymat itself which would otherwise be
regarded as a matrimonial asset. This renunciation is of value to the husband.
No doubt, as far as Plymat is concerned, its main assets are the skill and
contacts of the husband and those obviously could not be divided between the
husband and the wife. Notwithstanding that, it would still be possible to do a
valuation of Plymat’s business and to award the wife a share of that value.

46 In all the circumstances of this case, I consider that the equitable
division would be an equal division of those assets which the parties have
asked to share in. …

38 In _Lim Choon Lai_ , the Court of Appeal considered that in the absence of
reliable evidence on the exact monetary contributions made by each party to
the purchase of the matrimonial home, the fairer view to take was that they
had made substantially equal contributions. The Court of Appeal also concluded
that the wife earned more and bore the main burden of supporting the family
and providing for its welfare. Taking this into account, the Court of Appeal
concluded the wife deserved the larger share and therefore awarded her a 60%
share.

**_My decision_**

39 In the light of these authorities, I turn to the present case. This was a
case involving a fairly long marriage of around 15 years. It is clear that the
respondent had been the main source of the family’s income and so bore the
substantial burden of paying for the two properties. Although the petitioner
made some indirect contributions towards the JB property as they set about
improving it, this was matched by the indirect efforts of the respondent who
apparently undertook much of the design of that property quite apart from the
direct financial contributions that he alone made.

40 The petitioner was the primary caregiver to the children and the home until
she left in 2003. The respondent himself stated that he was preoccupied for
years with his work and his efforts in designing and seeing to the
construction of the JB property. Further, he did travel from time to time. But
the wife’s contributions as the primary caregiver to the children are to be
balanced against the fact that the husband has been playing this role
exclusively since she left and will continue to do so for the foreseeable
future. Indeed, the respondent has been having sole care and control of the
children since December 2003 when they were aged 12 and 13 respectively and he
will continue to have care and control under the present order.

41 It is also true that the petitioner did support the respondent in his
business for some years. Further, the petitioner was not seeking any part of
the respondent’s CPF contributions.

42 Taking all these factors into account and having weighed the monetary as
well as the non-monetary contributions made by each party, I consider that the
respondent deserved a larger apportionment of the matrimonial assets than the
petitioner, but not to the extent suggested by the respondent. Rather, in my
judgment, taking a broad brush approach, the fair and equitable distribution
would be to grant the respondent 60% of the interest in these properties and
to grant the petitioner 40% of the interest in these properties.

43 Both counsel had informed me that they were agreeable to my not making an
order for sale. I therefore make the following orders in relation to these
properties:

(a) Each of the properties is to be valued by a valuer acceptable to both
parties (or in the case of the HDB flat, to the HDB) within 6 weeks from the
date of this judgment;

(b) Within 12 weeks of the date of the valuation, the respondent is to pay the
petitioner 40% of the net value of the two properties;

(c) Within 1 week of such payment, the petitioner is to deliver signed blank
transfers and all the share certificates registered in her name in IDA
Resources Sdn Bhd to the respondent at no cost;

(d) There shall be liberty to apply.

**Costs**

44 This brings me finally to the question of costs. Mr Foong submitted that
his client was entitled to costs because the divorce had been granted on the
basis of the respondent’s unreasonable behaviour. Further, he submitted on the
authority of _Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet Bernadette_ [1997] 2 SLR 27 at
[49]-[50] that the ancillary matters are part of the hearing of the petition
and the same order should follow on the hearing of the ancillaries. Finally,
he submitted that much time and effort had been expended on the ancillaries by
reason of the respondent’s allegations as to the diversion of funds by the
petitioner.

45 Mr Low on the other hand, submitted that each party should bear their own
costs.

46 In my judgment seen in the whole, the petitioner has been substantially
successful and should get her costs. It is also true that the proceedings were
prolonged by virtue of the allegations of embezzlement made by the respondent.
Further, the ancillaries came to be tried in the High Court only for that
reason.

47 Both parties agreed I should fix the costs if I were minded to make an
order for costs. Mr Foong submitted a figure of $50,000. In my view, this was
excessive having regard to the work reasonably required to be done on behalf
of the petitioner. The petitioner filed 5 affidavits against 9 that the
respondent filed. The hearing took more than 2 days including the first
appearance. There were also several attendances for directions. Taking all
this into account, I fix the costs to the petitioner at the sum of $20,000
with reasonable disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

