Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Banque Nationale de Paris v Ng Kit Har and another action (Yii Chee Ming,
Third Party)  
[2007] SGHC 101

Case Number | : | Suit 344 /1999, Suit 605/1999, RA 600001/2007, RA 600002/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Shen Yi and Adeline Lee Huay Yen (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendants; Cheah Kok Lim and Keh Kee Guan (Ang & Partners) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Banque Nationale de Paris — Ng Kit Har — Yii Chee Ming   
  
28 June 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 These were appeals by the respective defendants in the consolidated actions
in the above suits (“the Suits”) against the order of the Assistant Registrar
Ms Denise Wong (“the AR”) made on 3 January 2007, in which she set aside a
previous order made on 17 November 2005 in which the defendants’ third party
notices against the third party were reinstated. The third party notices were
originally issued on 20 and 25 May 1999 (in the two Suits respectively) but
had not been served. In the meantime, the consolidated action was tried
between the plaintiff and the defendants before Amarjit Singh JC on 1 June
2000. The trial ended on 9 June 2000 and judgment was handed down in favour of
the plaintiff. The defendants were ordered to pay US$4.7m to the plaintiff.
Counsel informed me that as at the time of the hearing of these appeals before
me, the judgment debt had not been paid but the plaintiff had not taken
enforcement proceedings. No reason was given to explain why the defendants
wished to resume their claim against the third party now and under the present
circumstances where no enforcement proceedings had been taken or even
threatened against them. No reason was given as to why the defendants took
their time to proceed against the third party except Mr Thio’s submission that
set out the difficulties the defendants had in effecting service against the
third party. The question on this point is whether there is any reason or
justification in accepting that the defendants had acted diligently and that
the circumstances excused the delay.

2 The writs were filed on 3 March 1999 and 22 April 1999 respectively. Defence
was filed on 3 May 1999 and the third party notices issued on 20 and 25 May
1999 respectively. In July 1999, a memorandum of appearance was filed on
behalf of the third party and on 14 July 1999, the third party applied to set
aside service of the third party notices. On 30 August 1999 the court set
aside the service out of jurisdiction against the third party. On 13 March
2000 the defendants obtained an order for substituted service of the third
party notices. On 16 May 2000 a pre-trial conference was held and there, the
defendants agreed to proceed for trial without waiting for third party
proceedings to be finalised. The trial ended with the judgment of Amarjit
Singh JC on 9 June 2000. On 22 August 2002 the defendants purported to serve
the third party notices by substituted service and an application was made on
23 September 2003 to enter judgment against the third party. That application
was heard on 6 October 2003 and was not allowed on the grounds that the action
was deemed to have ended. However, on 15 December 2003 the defendant in Suit
344 of 1999 applied and was given leave to issue a fresh third party notice.
Two years later on 6 September 2005 the defendant in Suit 605 of 1999 applied
for a fresh third party notice to be issued. On 23 September 2005 an assistant
registrar directed that the previous notices should be reinstated instead of
fresh notices being issued, presumably because a fresh notice may be invalid
by reason of _res judicata_ and objections based on the limitation of action.
An order granting the reinstatement of both previous third party notices,
namely the ones issued in May 1999, were made on 17 November 2005. Since then,
no significant step took place until 3 January 2007 when the AR set aside the
order for reinstatement of 17 November 2005. The AR set aside the order of 17
November on the ground that the third party would have been unduly prejudiced
by the long delay.

3 Mr Thio submitted on behalf of the defendants that a third party action “has
a life of its own” even after the main action is over. He relied on _Stott v
West Yorkshire Road Car Co_ [1971] 2 QB 651 in which the Court of Appeal in
England allowed the third party claim to proceed even though the plaintiff had
settled his claim against the defendant. In that case the third party had
already been brought as a party to the action and the matter was settled on 30
April 1970 after the third party action was set down on 2 July 1969 to be
tried together with the main action. In the present case, the main action
proceeded without any direction as to third party proceedings. In such
circumstances, when there is a judgment, all pending matters are deemed to
have closed and the all actions under the suit are extinguished by the
doctrine of _res judicata_. If the defendant has any cause of action remaining
he has to proceed afresh if the law permits him. The third party action that
had lain dormant cannot continue without any express order from the trial
judge, assuming he had the power to do so, preserving that action
notwithstanding the main trial’s conclusion. _Res judicata_ is a doctrine that
ensures finality. In _Chong Yew Kee and Anor v Wah Chang International Corp
Pte Ltd and Anor_ [1995] 1 SLR 153 the third party action was ordered to be
stood down pending the action of the main action. I accept that a third party
action has a life of its own, but it does not have an afterlife.

4 In the present case, the defence of the defendants against the plaintiff’s
claim was that they were the agents of the third party. That may or may not be
the case before the trial, but at the conclusion of the trial the court found
against them and rejected that defence. The defendants had taken the position
that the plaintiff knew that the defendants were acting as agents of a
disclosed principal. If they were allowed to continue this assertion against
the third party now, it can only at best, attract an inconsistent finding of
fact. There may be nothing against different courts arriving at opposing
findings of facts on the same evidence, but there must be good reasons why
such an invitation ought to be extended. No material reason was offered and I
do not see any merit in law or on the facts (in respect of the history of the
Suits) in letting the third party claim proceed.

5 Further, and in any event, I am in full agreement with the decision of the
AR that the circumstances show that the defendants had not acted with due
diligence in proceeding against the third party, and after a lapse of more
than six years from the trial, the defendants cannot now hope to commence a
third party claim. No leave would in any event be permitted under O 16 rule 7
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) to enter judgment against the
third party where the plaintiff has not, as in this case, enforced his
judgment against the defendants.

6 For the reasons above, the appeals were dismissed. Only the defendant in
Suit 344 of 1999, namely, Ng Kit Har, had appealed against my dismissal of the
appeals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

