Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v
Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 42

Case Number | : | Suit 97/2006, RA 173/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Teng Muan, Alia Mattar and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Teh, Mar Seow Hwei, Ajinderpal Singh and Derek Kang (Rodyk & Davidson) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) — Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Leave to defend claim – Court requiring
some demonstration of commitment to claimed defence on part of defendant –
Whether appropriate to impose condition  
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Whether facts sufficing to give rise to
such a degree of proximity as to warrant raising of equitable set-off by one
party against claims of the other  
  

30 March 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC

1 The plaintiff, Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai trading as South Kerala Cashew
Exporters is based in India and engaged in the business, among other things,
of trading in raw cashew nuts. In 2005, the plaintiff had a number of dealings
with the defendant, a company incorporated in Singapore and known as Nomanbhoy
& Sons Pte Ltd. Disputes arose out of those dealings and in February 2006, the
plaintiff filed proceedings in Singapore seeking recovery of various amounts.

2 The defendant responded to the commencement of proceedings in various ways.
One of the steps it took was to apply for security for costs. The defendant
succeeded before the learned assistant registrar in obtaining an order for
security to be provided below. The plaintiff appealed against this. At the
same time, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment of its claims and
submitted that its application for summary judgment and the appeal against the
order for security should be heard together and the matter proceeded in this
way before me.

3 Following arguments, I made certain orders on 2 August 2006 in respect of
the application for summary judgment. As to the order for security to be
furnished, I allowed the appeal and set aside the order below.

4 Both sides requested an opportunity to present further arguments which I
acceded to. Following the further arguments, I modified my earlier orders made
in relation to the summary judgment application but not the order I made on
the question of security for costs.

5 The defendant appealed against the orders I made on the summary judgment
application. However, after I had prepared a draft of this judgment setting
out the grounds for the decision I had earlier made, I was informed that the
defendant had decided for “pragmatic” reasons not to pursue the appeal.
Nonetheless, I thought it might be useful for me to set out the principal
reasons for my decision in relation to the plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment.

**Factual background**

6 The plaintiff’s claims arose out of three sets of dealings between the
parties although the defendant was at pains to emphasise that these dealings
were to be seen in the context of a relationship of some length. The dealings
in question were:

(a) a series of 4 contracts between the parties;

(b) a contract that was referred to in the arguments as the “KSCDC contract”
and which is so referred to here; and

(c) a transaction that was referred to in the arguments as the “Abbas
contract” and which is so referred to here.

7 All of these transactions related to the sale of raw cashew nuts. Although
there is a suggestion by the plaintiff in the documents that there was a
settlement of accounts between the parties in relation to these transactions,
it was made clear in the course of arguments by Mr Tan Teng Muan who appeared
for the plaintiff that he was not basing his application for summary judgment
on any allegedly agreed settlement of the accounts.

8 The argument therefore turned on the contentions advanced in relation to the
various transactions I have referred to above. As to this, the defendant’s
primary contention (as noted above) was that these transactions were to be
seen in the context of a longstanding commercial relationship with dealings
between the parties and the 2nd defendant by counterclaim, a person named
Vallinayagam Dheenathayalavel (referred to in the arguments and here as “Mr
Dayal”) over a period of some years. It was submitted that this reached back
10 years or more and that during that time a relationship of trust and
confidence had arisen. It was further submitted that this relationship had
been taken advantage of by the plaintiff in the context of the June/July 2005
season for the sale of raw cashew nuts and this caused the defendant
considerable problems, loss and damage. It was therefore contended that this
was not a case suitable for summary judgment.

9 The plaintiff’s claim begins with a series of four contracts which it
alleges it entered into with the defendant for the purchase by the plaintiff
of raw cashew nuts. According to the plaintiff, three of these contracts for a
total of 1800MT of raw cashew nuts were later evidenced in a contract no.
NS-0628/06/2005 dated 14 June 2005 (“Contract 628”). Although the defendant
accepted that the parties had entered into Contract 628, it disputed the
plaintiff’s account of the circumstances under which it came into being.

10 The fourth contract in this series was contract no. NS-0616/06/2005 dated 9
May 2005 (“Contract 616”) for the purchase by the plaintiff of 500MT of raw
cashew nuts. These raw cashew nuts were all shipped on the vessel, The
Dellagrazia, which set sail from the port of Bissau, Guinea-Bissau to
Tuticorin, India on or about 14 June 2005.

11 In relation to the shipments on The Dellagrazia relating to Contracts 628
and 616, the plaintiff alleged that there were deficiencies of quality as well
as a shortfall in the quantity. These aspects of the plaintiff’s claims are
referred to as the “quality claim” and the “shortfall claim” respectively. The
defendant did not deny the shortfall in quantity but disputed any alleged
deficiency as to quality.

12 Also shipped on that vessel were raw cashew nuts sold under two further
contracts, NS-0591/04/2005 and NS-0608/05/2005 dated 21 April 2005 and 3 May
2005 respectively (hereinafter referred to as “Contract 591” and “Contract
608” respectively). These were each for the sale of 3000MT of raw cashew nuts
and were later overtaken by a proposal from the plaintiff that the shipment be
delivered to the Kerala State Cashew Development Corporation Ltd (“KSCDC”)
instead of to the plaintiff, on terms that the KSCDC would pay a sum higher
than that contemplated under the original contract. The defendant was to remit
the surplus amount to the plaintiff. There was some suggestion that the
transaction was structured in this way to enable the plaintiff to recover some
money it was owed by the KSCDC.

13 According to the defendant, it agreed to enter into the KSCDC contract
because it trusted the plaintiff and because the plaintiff guaranteed that the
KSCDC would pay the amounts due. It was therefore doing the plaintiff a favour
in entering into the KSCDC contract.

14 As it turned out, The Dellagrazia arrived at Tuticorin on 21 July 2005 but
for a variety of reasons, the KSCDC did not make timely payment. There was no
dispute that the defendant eventually received the money that was due from the
KSCDC but approximately 60% of the total amount was paid on 11 August 2005,
some 21 days after the vessel arrived in India and the balance was paid on 10
October 2005 some 81 days after the vessel had arrived. The defendant
maintained that it suffered considerable damage as a result of the failure of
the KSCDC to make timely payment. It was submitted that by reason of this
delay, the defendant encountered serious cash-flow problems and had to take
urgent steps to avert further losses at considerable cost to itself.

15 The final aspect of the claims brought by the plaintiff related to a
contract that the defendant had entered into with an entity known as Abbas
Cashew Company (“Abbas”) for the sale of 2500MT of raw cashew nuts under three
contracts at prices falling in a range between US$968 per MT and US$1,040 per
MT. The cashew nuts under these contracts were delivered to Tuticorin by a
number of different vessels in June and July 2005. Abbas however defaulted on
payment under these contracts. The defendant maintained that it was concerned
over the prospect of damage to the cargo as well as mounting charges.
Accordingly, it instructed Mr Dayal to find alternative purchasers.

16 In the meantime, the market price for raw cashew nuts was falling.

17 The parties had quite divergent positions on the Abbas contract. It was not
disputed that the plaintiff in fact paid the defendant the sum of
US$1,976,055.58 being the face value of the raw cashew nuts under the invoices
issued in respect of the various sales to Abbas save for one invoice with a
face value of US$546,989.04. In short, the plaintiff paid the entire sum that
was to have been paid by Abbas less this sum of US$546,989.04 but it took
delivery of the entire shipment of raw cashew nuts. It was also not disputed
that the plaintiff eventually sold all the raw cashew nuts in question to
various third party purchasers at various prices for a total recovery of
US$1,326,149.50. It was thus not disputed that the plaintiff had sustained a
loss of around US$650,000 as a result of its involvement in this transaction.
From the defendant’s perspective, if it was to be responsible for this, the
loss would be in excess of US$1 million.

18 The plaintiff’s case was that he had undertaken to dispose of the raw
cashew nuts under the Abbas contract on certain terms. The essential point was
that he would be reimbursed for any loss or expense that might be incurred
after he had sold the raw cashew nuts to third parties at the best available
prices.

19 The defendant’s case was much more complicated and I had the impression
that it evolved as the case progressed. It was contended that:

(a) the plaintiff undertook to help in the resolution of this issue;

(b) the plaintiff had secured the agreement of Abbas to pay US$200,000 as
compensation to the defendant presumably as a contribution towards making good
the losses sustained due to its failure to take delivery of the raw cashew
nuts;

(c) the plaintiff had also secured the agreement of a number of other buyers
of raw cashew nuts shipped on The Dellagrazia who had defaulted and they had
agreed to pay compensation amounting to between US$50 and US$475 per MT;

(d) the plaintiff guaranteed that these compensatory payments at (b) and (c)
above amounting in total to around US$316,000 would be paid within 3 months;

(e) the plaintiff would take over the raw cashew nuts under the Abbas contract
at face value and sell it at the prevailing market price of “about” US$800 per
MT; and

(f) subject to recovery of the sums stated at (b) and (c) above, the defendant
would pay the plaintiff the difference between the price paid under the Abbas
contract and the price obtained from selling the raw cashew nuts to third
parties at US$800 per MT.

20 I found it difficult to understand the commercial point of the transaction
as described by the defendant. In the course of the argument, a supplementary
note was submitted. In it the defendant explained that this was not something
undertaken gratuitously. Rather, it was done in consideration of the defendant
agreeing to treat the plaintiff’s claims with regard to the raw cashew nuts
shipped on The Dellagrazia favourably. It was further suggested that the terms
were that:

(a) the plaintiff was to sell the raw cashew nuts under the Abbas contract as
soon as possible at the market rate of US$800 per MT but subject to a minimum
or floor price of US$700 per MT;

(b) the plaintiff guaranteed that the defendant would be paid the total
compensation from the defaulting buyers amounting to around US$316,000 and if
this was paid, the port and clearing charges incurred by the plaintiff would
be reimbursed; and

(c) the defendant would pay the plaintiff a sum of around US$376,000 being the
difference between the amount paid by the plaintiff and the amount that would
be recovered based on a selling price of US$800 per MT.

21 In any event, the defendant submitted, as long as there was any uncertainty
over the terms of the arrangement between the plaintiff and the defendant in
relation to the Abbas claim, this gave rise to a triable issue.

**My decision**

22 At the conclusion of the further arguments, I made the following findings
and orders:

(a) With respect to the plaintiff’s claim for the shortfall of quantity under
Contracts 628 and 616 (see [11] above) there was no dispute as to the
shortfall and I found that there was no admissible set off. I therefore
ordered that judgment be entered in favour of the plaintiff in the sum of
US$149,349.90. However, given the cross-claims between the parties, I ordered
that execution be stayed on this pending the trial of the defendant’s cross-
claims or further order;

(b) With respect to the plaintiff’s claim for the alleged quality defects (see
[11] above), I was satisfied that there were triable issues and I gave the
defendant unconditional leave to defend the claim;

(c) With respect to the KSCDC claim, I gave the defendant unconditional leave
to defend the claim; and

(d) Finally, with respect to the Abbas claim, I gave the defendant conditional
leave to defend the claim by requiring that security in the sum of
US$316,946.76 be furnished.

23 The defendant appealed against the orders set out at [22(a) and (d)] above.
I now set out the grounds underlying these parts of my decision.

**The shortfall claim**

24 As I have noted above, there was no dispute as to the fact of the
shortfall. The defendant’s principal contention was that it was entitled to
raise an equitable set-off against all the plaintiff’s claims. In effect, the
defendant’s position was that all of these transactions were so closely
connected that it would be manifestly unjust to allow the plaintiff’s claim to
be enforced without regard to the defendant’s cross-claims.

25 Mr Lawrence Teh who appeared for the defendant placed considerable reliance
on the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Bim Kemi AB v Blackburn
Chemicals Ltd_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep. 93 (“ _Bim Kemi_ ”). In that case, the
defendant contracted with the plaintiff in 1984 to provide it with a licence
and with technical assistance for the production of certain chemicals
manufactured by the defendant. Following negotiations, a fresh agreement was
concluded in 1994 relating to the supply of a new range of products. When the
plaintiff commenced proceedings under the 1994 agreement, the defendant raised
a set-off in respect of loss and damage it allegedly suffered under the 1984
agreement. The Court of Appeal upheld the right of set-off.

26 Potter LJ reviewed the authorities at [24] to [30] of the judgment and the
following propositions emerge from the authorities:

(a) There is a general right to equitable set-off in cases where there is a
close relationship or connection between the dealings and the transactions
which give rise to the respective claims : see _Hanak v Green_ [1958] 2 QB 9;

(b) It is not necessarily the case that the claim and cross-claim must arise
out of the same contract: see _British Anzani (Felixstowe) Ltd v International
Marine Management (UK) Ltd_ [1980] 1 QB 137;

(c) There is no universal rule that claims arising out of the same contract
may be set against one another in all circumstances: see _Government of
Newfoundland v Newfoundland Railway Co_ (1888) 13 App Cas 199; and

(d) In determining how close the connection needs to be, the court should not
get bogged down in the nuances of differently expressed formulations save that
there must be a close and inseparable relationship between the claims. Beyond
this, the outcome can be left to be governed by notions of fairness and
whether the circumstances are such that it would be manifestly unjust to allow
one claim to be enforced without regard to the other: see _Bim Kemi_ (_supra_
at [25]) at [29].

27 Mr Teh relied in particular on these extracts from the judgment of Potter
LJ in _Bim Kemi_ (_supra_ at [25]) at [29] and [30]:

For myself, I consider that Lord Brandon’s formulation is to be preferred
because on the one hand it emphasizes that the degree of closeness required is
that of an “inseparable connection”, while on the other it makes clear that it
is not necessary that the cross-claim should arise out of the same contract;
all that is required is that it should flow from the dealings and transactions
which gave rise to the subject of the claim. It is of course in such cases,
which frequently involve periodic settlement of accounts between the parties
on an “overall” basis rather than separate treatment as between each
transaction, that the injustice of disallowing a set-off is most likely to
arise.

That said, however, it is clear that the principle as stated by Lord Brandon
and applied in the _Dole Fruit_ case is apt to cover a situation where there
are claims and cross-claims for damages in respect of different but closely
connected contracts arising out of a long-standing trading relationship which
is terminated. That fact will not per se establish the requisite “inseparable
connection” but, in an appropriate case, it may well be manifestly unjust to
allow one claim to be enforced without taking account of the other. Further, I
consider that the necessary equity may well be demonstrable in a situation
where, in the context of such a relationship, the claimant claims damages for
the repudiation of a supply contract which the defendant justifies by
asserting conduct of the claimant which not only breached the supply contract
but also breached a related contract between the parties for supply of other
products of the defendant, in respect of which the defendant counterclaims
damages.

28 I do not consider that the further passages cited above adds to the
understanding of the applicable principles when considering whether an
equitable set-off may be raised. The question whether a sufficient degree of
closeness is established in the connection between the respective claims is
not determined by some sort of formulaic process. In each case, the question
turns on whether the respective claims are so closely connected that it would
offend one’s sense of fairness or justice to allow one claim to be enforced
without regard to the other.

29 Mr Teh relied on the following factors in support of his contention that
such a close connection does exist in this case:

(a) the transactions had to be seen in the context of a close and longstanding
relationship between the parties; and

(b) the respective claims and cross-claims all arose in connection with cargo
shipped on The Dellagrazia.

30 In my judgment, these facts neither singly nor cumulatively suffice to give
rise to such a degree of proximity as to warrant the raising of a set-off. The
fact that the parties had a close commercial relationship is plainly
insufficient if the transactions giving rise to the claims and cross-claims
were not closely connected. In this regard, it is pertinent to recall the
following extract from the judgment of Potter LJ in _Bim Kemi_ (_supra_ at
[25]) at [36] and [37]:

… the circumstances of every case call for individual consideration, …

In this case, … the alleged 1994 agreement related to the sale to Bim Kemi of
“new” products, which were not the subject of the 1984 agreement. Nonetheless,
it seems to me that the two agreements are inseparably connected within the
continuum of the parties’ trading relationship for the sale of Blackburn’s
anti-foaming agents, within which both contemplated a continuing expansion of
exploitation of the market for Dispelair products in Scandinavia, the 1994
agreement supplementing rather than replacing the 1984 agreement. Both
continued in parallel over the period prior to termination, so that conduct
such as that alleged by Blackburn in relation to Bim Kemi’s promotion of
Tensidef products at the expense of the Dispelair range was a breach of
obligations contained in both agreements. In these circumstances, it seems to
me that Lord Brandon’s test of a “close and inseparable connection” is
satisfied.

31 It is a question to be considered in the individual circumstances of each
case whether a sufficient degree of closeness has been demonstrated. In order
to establish the equity underlying the set-off there must be a sufficient
connection between the dealings or transactions giving rise to the respective
claims.

32 Potter LJ found a sufficient degree of closeness on the facts of _Bim Kemi_
as mentioned at [30] above. In the case before me however, I could not find
such closeness as would raise an equity to justify a set-off. The critical
issue is not the closeness of the commercial relationship between the parties.
That is not to say that would never be relevant but the search is in fact
directed at the connection between the claims, and the transactions giving
rise to those claims.

33 Further, the fact that the claims relate to raw cashew nuts, most of which
may have been shipped on The Dellagrazia would also not suffice to give rise
to a sufficient degree of closeness. The cargo could have been shipped on
different vessels or on the same vessel but that is not material if the claims
are not shown to be so closely connected.

34 In the present case, the contracts under which the shortfall claim arose
were quite separate from the transactions relating to the KSCDC contracts or
the Abbas contract. The plaintiff purchased some quantities of raw cashew nuts
from the defendant and there was an admitted shortfall in the quantity
delivered. This was a self-standing transaction and I saw nothing in the
defendant’s cross-claims that could be said to be so closely and inseparably
connected to the shortfall claim that judgment should not be entered on the
latter claim.

35 In the premises, I was satisfied that there was no defence to this claim
and I made an order for judgment to be entered in the amount stated above at
[22a]. However, I was satisfied that although there was no defence to the
claim, the defendant had some plausible counterclaims for an amount possibly
in excess of the plaintiff’s claim. In these circumstances, I considered it
appropriate to stay execution on the judgment until the trial of the
counterclaim or further order in line with the principle stated and the
authorities collected at _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2003) para 14/4/10 at page 155. Mr Tan did not contest this order.

**The Abbas contract**

36 I have set out the rival contentions on the Abbas contract at [15] to [21]
above. Mr Teh’s principal submission was to the effect that where the terms of
a contract were disputed between the parties, the proper order should be for
unconditional leave to defend the claim. He submitted that it was not
appropriate for the court at the summary judgment stage to engage in a precise
evaluation of the merits of the rival contentions or to assess the relative
probabilities.

37 I consider that there is some force in this submission but it would be
wrong for the court to shy away from evaluating the rival contentions simply
because the papers are voluminous, the facts are many and the arguments are
vigorous.

38 In this regard, it should be noted that the proper course is not for the
court to assume that every sworn averment is to be accepted as true. The
following observations of Ackner LJ in _Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas
(Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray and Christopher John Walters_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep. 21 at 23 are instructive:

It is of course trite law that Order 14 proceedings are not decided by
weighing the two affidavits. It is also trite that the mere assertion in an
affidavit of a given situation which is to be the basis of a defence does not,
_ipso facto_ , provide leave to defend; the court must look at the whole
situation and ask itself whether the defendant has satisfied the court that
there is a fair or reasonable probability of the defendants’ having a real or
_bona fide_ defence.

39 This was cited with approval in _Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3
SLR 32 at [25] and in _Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR 8 at [24].
It is often said that proceedings at the summary judgment stage are not to be
conducted as a trial on affidavits but that does not mean that anything set
out in the affidavits are to be accepted without rational consideration to
determine if there is a fair or reasonable probability of a real defence.

40 The nature of the inquiry was thus expressed by Karthigesu JA writing for
the Court of Appeal in _Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 3 SLR
650 at [21] and [43]:

21 Under O 14 r 3(1) of the Rules of Court, summary judgment should not be
given where the defendant ‘satisfies the Court … that there is an issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried’. The power to give summary
judgment under O 14 is intended only to apply to cases where there is no
reasonable doubt that a plaintiff is entitled to judgment, and where it is
inexpedient to allow a defendant to defend for mere purposes of delay; _Jones
v Stone_ [1894] AC 122. Where a defendant shows that he has a fair case for
defence or reasonable grounds for setting up a defence, or even a fair
probability that he has a bona fide defence, he ought to have leave to defend;
_Ironclad (Australia) Gold Mining Co v Gardner_ (1887) 4 TLR 18, _Ward v
Plumbley_ (1890) 6 TLR 198.

43 Based on what was adduced before us, we were of the view there was
insufficient evidence to make a conclusive finding on this issue. This issue
was a further reason for the matter to be tried.

41 In that light, I consider the submission before me in relation to the Abbas
claim. I entertained reservations about the plausibility of the commercial
transaction that the defendant had put forward. I also could not see that a
hope that the defendant would treat favourably the plaintiff’s other claims
could amount to consideration to support a contract as was contended by the
defendant. Furthermore, as far as I could see, the documents relied upon by
the defendant to support the argument that the plaintiff “had guaranteed” the
damages that the third parties were to pay, simply did not bear out such a
contention.

42 Despite these misgivings, I consider that there is an issue as to the
precise terms of the contract. In short, I could not say that the plaintiff
had conclusively established its right to judgment or that there was no
reasonable doubt as to what the precise terms of the contract were. For that
reason, I gave leave to defend.

43 However, the question then was whether I should impose a condition. There
is a multitude of terms that have evolved over the years to express the
circumstances in which this would be appropriate. These include such terms as
“a real doubt about the defendant’s good faith”, “shadowy”, “sham”,
“suspicious”, “hardly of substance” and so on.

44 These terms are somewhat pejorative and this may obscure the true
principle. In my judgment, a condition is appropriate when the court has the
sense that although it cannot be said that the claimed defence is so hopeless
that in truth, there is no defence, the overall impression is such that some
demonstration of commitment on the part of the defendant to the claimed
defence is called for. For this reason, the condition must not be one which
the defendant would find impossible to meet: see _MV Yorke Motors v Edwards_
[1982] 1 WLR 444; and _International Bank of Singapore Ltd v Bader_ [1988] SLR
823. Further, once the condition is met, the defendant is taken to have
demonstrated his commitment and the matter should then proceed to trial with
no predisposition towards any view of the strength of the defence : see _Rank
Xerox (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 73 at [8]
albeit that the point was made in a different context.

45 In my judgment, the defendant’s case on the Abbas claim was in this
category. As set out at [41] and [42], I was not prepared to conclude that the
plaintiff’s claim had been conclusively made out but at the same time, I was
of the view that some demonstration of commitment to the claimed defence on
the part of the defendant was called for.

46 I therefore concluded that a condition should be imposed that security be
furnished. I concluded that security in the sum of US$316,946.76 which
reflected the amount that the defendant contended had been guaranteed by the
plaintiff would be a sufficient demonstration of commitment. There was no
suggestion that the defendant would not be able to provide such security and
so there was no danger that it would be denied the opportunity to make out its
defence at trial.

47 For these reasons, I made the orders that I did.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

