Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Kamal Bin Kupli and Others  
[2007] SGHC 98

Case Number | : | CC 26/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Imran Hamid, Stella Tan, Karen Ang and John Lu (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Gurdip Singh (Gurdip & Gill) and Jispal Singh (UniLegal LLC) for the first accused; John Abraham (Christopher Bridges) and Pratap Kishan (Kishan & V Suria Partnership) for the second accused; Christopher Bridges (Christopher Bridges) and Jeeva Joethy (Joethy & Co) for the third accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Kamal Bin Kupli; Abd Malik Bin Usman; Hamir Bin Hasim   
  
Criminal Law – Complicity – Common intention – Severe head injuries inflicted
on victim causing death – Whether fatal injuries inflicted in furtherance of
common intention to rob – Section 34 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Confessions – Statements of co-accused persons –
Whether statements of co-accused persons can be construed as confessions for
purpose of s 30 of Evidence Act – Section 30 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed)  
  

27 June 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The three accused persons before me were charged that they:

Between about 11.00pm, 24th December 2005, and about 1.36am, 25th December
2005, at the cemented footpath between Block 19 Upper Boon Keng Road and the
former Boon Keng Primary School premises, Singapore, in furtherance of the
common intention of [them] all, committed murder by causing the death of Thein
Naing, male 41 years old, and [they had] thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224.

2 All three accused persons had nicknames. The first accused Kamal bin Kupli’s
nickname is “Zel”. The second accused Abd Malik bin Usman’s nickname is
“Jepun”, and the third accused Hamir bin Hasim’s nickname is “Black”.

3 The first accused and second accused were from Sabah and the third accused
was from Johor, and they were all working in Singapore. The deceased Thein
Naing was from Myanmar, and was also working in Singapore.

The prelude

4 On the night of 24 December 2005, the three accused persons were in the
first accused’s room at 302A Geylang Road with another three persons. They
were drinking liquor for a few hours. After they had finished drinking, the
three accused and another person, Benedict Inyang Anak Igai, whose nickname is
“Chupin” left the room and walked towards Kallang. Along the way, they agreed
to rob somebody as they had no money. They saw the deceased walking alone
along Sims Way, and they decided to rob him, and they trailed him to a
footpath near Block 19 Upper Boon Keng Road, where they attacked and robbed
him.

The confrontation

5 The confrontation between the deceased and the accused persons was described
in the statements of the first accused and the third accused which were
admitted to be voluntarily statements.

6 The first accused made a cautioned statement[note: 1] where he said:

We did not have the intention to beat him up badly. We just wanted to take his
money. I kicked him first. Both of us fell. Malik and Hamir came. Malik used a
buckle of a belt to hit the person. Benedict was standing nearby and keeping
watch. The man was punching Hamir’s neck. I punched the man’s back. I fell
again. I was drunk at that time. That man fell with face down. I took back my
shoes which had dropped earlier. I used my shoe to hit the man’s head from
behind. I ran away with Hamir. Hamir’s hand was bleeding.

7 In his investigation statement[note: 2] the first accused described the
incident thus:

5 About 10 minutes later, we were walking near the footpath along Sims Way
near Blk 19-20 Upper Boon Keng Road. Jepun sighted a male person whom I
thought was a male Thai walking alone along the same foot path we were
walking. He was about 10 meters ahead from us. The four of us decided to rob
him and waited for the right place and opportunity to do it. We trailed him
and when we saw him turning into a footpath between Blk 19 Upper Boon Keng
Road and old building, I rushed forward first. The moment I caught up with him
along the said footpath, he turned to look at me. I kicked him at his back and
both of us fell. As a result of this my left shoe came off.

6 At this juncture, whilst the person was still lying prone on the ground,
Jepun and Black arrived. He tried to get up but I held on to him to prevent
him from getting up. I tried to punch him but he managed to push me away. He
managed to stand up and by then Jepun and Black joined to attack that person.
I saw Jepun swung his belt with a metal buckle with his right or left hand
towards the person. Black was seen wrestling with the person. I got up and
took my left shoe. At this juncture, Jepun, Black and that person were seen
wrestling and knocking between the green fencing and the white zinc fencing.

7 After I had taken my left shoe, I used it to hit that person’s face. He put
up a fight and managed to punch Black at his neck. I came again and punched
his back that caused him to fall forward towards Jepun. Jepun gave him another
blow either a kick or a punch and he ended up with his back against the zinc
fencing where Black stood. Black ended up wrestling with him and both of them
were in a standing position. I shouted to Jepun to give him a knock out blow
to immobilize him. Jepun kicked at the person’s left waist and he fell to the
ground bringing Black together with him. The moment that person fell, I saw
Jepun used his right leg and stomp the person’s right side of his head region
repeatedly for about 2-3 times. The person became motionless lying prone.
There was a pool of blood at his head region. I came forward and stomp that
person’s head once and ran. I did not see when Black took that person’s
wallet. Whilst all this was going on, Chupin was standing a distance away. He
acted as a look-out and stood near the entrance of the footway along Sims Way.

8 The third accused also gave a cautioned statement[note: 3] that:

On that night, all of us were drunk. The one who started to hit that person
was Kamal and Malik. At that time Malik asked me to take that person’s wallet.
When I took his wallet, that person hit me. I stabbed him three times at his
body below his right armpit, but not all the stabbing hit him. I also injured
my right palm. I gave the wallet to Malik and I walked away.

9 The third accused recounted in his investigation statement[note: 4] that:

9 When the said male Chinese, turned into the footpath between Blk 19 Upper
Boon Keng Road and an old school, Zel and Jepun rushed towards the said male
Chinese. I ran behind Zel and Jepun. Chupin was still behind me. I was not
aware if Chupin was close behind me.

10 I wish to say that the footpath between Blk 19 Upper Boon Keng Road and the
old school was dimly lit. When I turned to the said foot path, I saw Zel
kicked the said male Chinese with his right leg at the neck region. However
his kick missed and he fell down. I noticed that his right shoe came off. I
then saw Jepun advanced and threw punches at the said male Chinese face and
body. I saw the said male Chinese retaliated. I saw the said male Chinese
threw a punch at Jepun but missed. Jepun pushed the said male Chinese against
the a [_sic_] zinc barricade which was erected separating the footpath and the
up grading project of Blk 19 Upper Boon Keng Road.

11 Jepun directed me to take the said male Chinese’s wallet. As I was about to
take his wallet from his left rear pocket, I saw him taking out an object from
his right trousers pocket with his right hand. He subsequently brandished the
said object at me. I noticed that it was small knife. [_sic_] I quickly held
to the blade of the knife and snapped it up. I managed to recover the knife
form [_sic_] him. At this moment he swung his left hand at my neck and as a
result I fell down. The said male Chinese was still standing, leaning against
the zinc barricade. I realized that I sustained a cut on my last right finger
and palm of my right hand due to the blade of the knife. I was bleeding from
the cut.

12 At this moment, I saw Jepun was holding his belt on his right hand. I was
aware that the belt was attached to a big metal buckle. I saw him swinging his
belt towards the said male Chinese’s face and head region. He swung the belt
at the said male Chinese’s face and head regions about more than 3 times. I
was certain that I saw the buckle of the belt hit the said male Chinese face
and head regions. I saw the said male Chinese was bleeding from the head. At
the same time, Zel held his right shoe with his right hand and hit the male
Chinese’s face. The said male Chinese was still leaning against the zinc
barricade.

13 I stood up and went towards the said male Chinese. I held the knife which I
recovered from him with my right hand and stabbed him about 3 to 4 times near
the rear left back, beneath the shoulder of the male Chinese. At that time the
said male Chinese was still struggling. I then swung the knife at the said
male Chinese at the left shoulder and head regions. I was not certain if I
managed to stab him. I noticed that his clothing was covered with blood.
During my attack, Zel concurrently hit the said male Chinese with his right
fist. My intention was to cause hurt to the said male Chinese when I swung the
knife at him.

14 Shortly later, Jepun indicated to me to keep aside. Zel and I acknowledged
and we moved aside. I saw that the said male Chinese had stopped retaliating.
He was still conscious. I saw Jepun swung his belt with his right hand towards
the said male Chinese’s head. The buckle of the belt hit the said male
Chinese’s head. He then used his right leg to kick the right ribs of the said
male Chinese. The said male Chinese fell with his face facing the ground.
Jepun then used his right leg and stamped two times, at the head region of the
said male Chinese.

15 Jepun then directed me to take the wallet of the said male Chinese. I then
took the wallet of the said male Chinese from his left rear pocket. It was a
black wallet. I then handed over the wallet to Jepun.

10 In the course of their defence, the first accused and the third accused
were referred to their statements. The first accused had one issue, over the
use of the phrase that he ‘stomped’ on the deceased’s head, which he said
should be ‘stepped’. That qualification aside, neither of them disputed that
the statements properly recorded in English what they had said in Malay to the
recording officers. Neither did they say that their accounts of the events
were inaccurate or mistaken.

11 The second accused did not make any statement on the confrontation that was
admitted in evidence. His explanation was that he was drunk at that time and
could not remember what happened.

12 There were two witnesses whose evidence helped to set the time of the
attack. One was Mr Eu Ah Bar, the night watchman of Boon Keng Primary School.
His evidence was that at about 10.00pm on 24 December 2005 when he was on
duty, he heard his dog bark, and saw three figures which appeared to be
pushing and kicking something on the footpath along the fence of the school.

13 The other witness was Mr Mohamad Sirat b Mohamed Mokri. He had walked along
the footpath sometime after 1.30am on 25 December 2005, and saw a person lying
motionless along the footpath. He made a report to the police[note: 5] at
1.36am which set the investigations in motion.

The autopsy findings

14 The deceased was already dead when his body was found and recovered from
the footpath. Dr Teo Eng Swee, a Consultant Forensic Pathologist at the Centre
for Forensic Medicine, Health Sciences Authority, performed an autopsy on the
deceased, and prepared an autopsy report.[note: 6] On an external examination
of the deceased, he found six incised wounds, three areas of patterned
injuries on the face, and other injuries.

15 On his internal examination of the head, Dr Teo found the following:

Skull: |  The following cranial fractures were present:  
---|---  
|  1\. Right parietal comminuted fracture related to the incised wound.  
|  2\. Hinge fracture across the base of the skull, extending from the right
to the left lateral aspects of the petrous temporal bones, across the anterior
aspects of the petrous temporal bones and the pituitary fossa. There was
haemorrhage into the middle ears.  
|  3\. Crack fracture of the jugum of the sphenoid. There was haemorrhage into
the sphenoid sinuses.  
|  4\. Crack fracture of the dorsum sellae.  
|  5\. Crack fractures of the medial aspect of the left middle cranial fossa,
around the foramen rotundum, foramen lacerum and foramen ovale.  
|  6\. Crack fracture of the cribriform plate. There was haemorrhage into the
ethmoid sinuses.  
|  7\. Crack fracture of the right orbital plate. There was severe haemorrhage
into the retro-orbital fat. Dissection of the eyeballs showed no vitreous
haemorrhage.  
|  8\. Facial fractures.  
Meninges: |  There were thin subdural haemorrhages over the anterior and middle cranial fossae.  
|  There were thin patchy bilateral subarachnoid haemorrhages, which was most
severe over the right frontal, right parietal and right temporal lobes.  
Brain: |  The brain was severely oedematous. There were focal, superficial, petechial contusions over the right temporal pole, and over the infero-lateral aspect of the right temporal lobe. Cut sections of the rest of the brain showed no gross intracerebral haemorrhage. The cerebrospinal fluid was bloodstained. Cut sections of the cerebellum, pons and medulla showed no haemorrhage.  
  
16 Dr Teo also found the following on his examination of the respiratory
system:

Airway: |  The airways contained frothy bloodstained fluid. The larynx, trachea and bronchi were otherwise unremarkable.  
---|---  
Lungs: |  The external surfaces of the lungs showed no injuries. Cut sections of the lungs mild congestion and oedema, with aspirated blood in a punctate pattern in the right lung and the left lower lobe. No pulmonary thrombo-embolism was present.  
  
17 Dr Teo recorded in his autopsy report the presence of a shoe imprint bruise
on the deceased’s left forehead and he was of the opinion that the imprint was
compatible with the outsole pattern of the first accused’s shoes.

18 He also observed a laceration on the left parietal region of the deceased’s
head and an injury over the middle back which were consistent with being
caused by a blunt object with a blunted tip. When he was shown the belts and
belt buckles seized from the three accused persons, he said that any of those
buckles could have caused the injuries.

19 His finding on the cause of death was stated as:

(Ia) Severe head injury.

(II) Aspiration of blood and stab wound to the chest.

He explained that the severe head injury was the immediate cause of death, and
the aspiration of blood and stab wound to the chest were contributory causes,
in the sense that they were sufficient in the course of nature to cause death.
However, as Dr Teo was positive that the head injuries were the immediate
cause of death, the aspiration of blood and stab wound to the chest did not
cause the deceased’s death. It remained an unanswered question whether the
deceased would have died from those injuries if he had not sustained the head
injuries, but it was not critical to have an answer because the deceased did
not die from those injuries.

Other laboratory findings

20 DNA tests of blood stains on the track shoes and jeans worn by the first
accused showed that the blood matched the deceased’s blood.

21 DNA tests of blood stains on the right track shoe of the second accused
showed the blood matched the deceased’s blood.

22 DNA tests of a stain found on a knife recovered from the third accused
showed mixed profiles of the blood of the deceased and the blood of the third
accused.

23 Ms Lim Chin Chin, Forensic Scientist, Criminalistics Laboratory, Centre for
Forensic Science, Health Sciences Authority, compared the imprints shown in
photographs of the deceased’s forehead with the shoes recovered from the three
accused persons and the deceased and found that an imprint on the left
forehead which was similar to the outsole pattern of the first accused’s track
shoes.

The issues raised by the accused persons

**_The first accused_**

24 On behalf of the first accused, his counsel submitted that:

(a) the first accused’s role in the attack ie, the initial kick to the
deceased’s back, the use of the left shoe to hit the deceased’s forehead, the
punching of the deceased’s back and stepping on the deceased’s head (the word
used in his statement was “stomp”) did not cause injuries which were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death[note: 7], and

(b) the first accused had no intention of causing the severe head injury found
on the deceased[note: 8].

**_The second accused_**

25 Counsel for the second accused submitted that[note: 9]:

The 2nd Accused person testified that he could not recall the events that
transpired that fateful night as he was too drunk and only recalled committing
robbery. The Prosecution’s case against the 2nd Accused person rests primarily
on the evidence of the other accused persons. In particular, the Prosecution
will refer to the statements of the other accused persons against the 2nd
Accused person pursuant to Section 30 of the Evidence Act.

However, it is the defence submission that Section 30 cannot apply, as the
statements of the other accused persons cannot be considered as a confession
for the offence of murder, but were made for the offence of robbery. The Court
of Appeal held in _Chin Seow Noi v. PP_ that the co-accused statements had to
be considered a “confession” before Section 30 can be applicable and it is
humbly submitted that on a charge of murder, none of the statements of the co-
accused persons can qualify as a confession.

26 Although reference was made to the second accused being drunk, the defence
of intoxication under s 85 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) was not
raised, probably because the intoxication was not of the high degree of
severity contemplated by that section that he did not know that his act was
wrong or did not know what he was doing, and the intoxication was self-
induced.

**_The third accused_**

27 On behalf of the third accused, it was submitted that:

a. the stab wounds inflicted by the third accused were not the immediate cause
of death of the deceased[note: 10];

b. the stomping on the deceased’s head was not committed in furtherance of the
common intention of the three accused persons[note: 11], and

c. the third accused did not have the requisite common intention to cause the
fatal head injuries[note: 12].

Review of the law and issues raised

28 The prosecution’s case against the accused persons was that they committed
murder in furtherance of a common intention to rob the deceased. The operative
common intention was the robbery and the common intention to commit murder was
not a necessary element of the offence. The common intention to rob the
deceased was admitted by the first and third accused in their investigation
statements, and the second accused had not disagreed, and had appeared to have
admitted to it as well in his evidence in court.[note: 13]

29 One important issue was whether the fatal injuries were inflicted in
furtherance of the robbery. From the evidence, the accused persons had
intended to assault the deceased to rob him. It was not their intention to
confront and threaten him, and demand for his wallet. The undisputed evidence
was that the first kick was delivered without any demand for the wallet. The
_modus operandi_ was to assault the victim and to rob him. The fight that
ensued was a natural progression of the accused persons’ common intention to
overcome the deceased’s resistance and to take his wallet, and in fact, the
common intention was put in operation by their combined assault on him.

30 It was not a defence for the first accused that he did not cause the fatal
head injuries (assuming that he did not). When death is caused in furtherance
of a common intention of several persons, it may not be caused by anyone of
them. For example, two persons may cause death by strangulation by pulling on
each end of a rope. For that reason, the prosecution does not have to
establish which particular accused caused the fatal injuries, as long as it is
established that the fatal injuries are caused by one or more of them.

31 On the evidence, the three accused persons were the only ones who attacked
the deceased and left him motionless. It was never suggested that anyone else
came along and inflicted the fatal injuries on the deceased after they fled.
If the suggestion had been made, I would have dismissed it as too farfetched
to raise a reasonable doubt.

32 The submission of the second accused that the statements of his co-accuseds
cannot be taken as confessions for the purpose of s 30 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) is unfounded. Section 30 states:

When more persons than one are being tried jointly for the same offence, and a
confession made by one of such persons affecting himself and some other of
such persons is proved, the court may take into consideration the confession
as against the other person as well as against the person who makes the
confession.

33 In _Chin Seow Noi and others v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 135 which counsel referred
to, the Court of Criminal Appeal expressly affirmed at p 149 that the correct
interpretation of s 17(2) of the Evidence Act that:

A confession is an admission made at any time by a person accused of an
offence, stating or suggesting the inference that he committed that offence.

was set out in _Anandagoda v The Queen_ (1962) 28 MLJ 289 (“ _Anandagoda_ ”).

34 In _Anandagoda_ , a decision of the Privy Council from Ceylon, Lord Guest
laid down the seminal definition of a confession at p 291:

The test whether a statement is a confession is an objective one, whether to
the mind of a reasonable person reading the statement at the time and in the
circumstance in which it was made it can be said to amount to a statement that
the accused committed the offence or which suggested the inference that he
committed the offence. The statement must be looked at as a whole and it must
be considered on its own terms without reference to extrinsic facts. In this
connection their Lordships consider that the view expressed by Gratiaen J in
_Seyadu v King_ [(1951) 53 NLR 251, 253]:

"The test of whether an `admission` amounts to a `confession` within the
meaning of s 17(2) must be decided by reference only to its own intrinsic
terms"

is correct. It is not permissible in judging whether the statement is a
confession to look at other facts which may not be known at the time or which
may emerge in evidence at the trial. But equally it is irrelevant to consider
whether the accused intended to make a confession. If the facts in the
statement added together suggest the inference that the accused is guilty of
the offence then it is nonetheless a confession even although the accused at
the same time protests his innocence. … The appropriate test in deciding
whether a particular statement is a confession is whether the words of
admission, in the context expressly or substantially admit guilt or do they
taken together in the context inferentially admit guilt?

35 The second accused’s submission was flawed in two ways. Firstly, the
statements of the first accused and the third accused were not “made for the
offence of robbery”. The two accused persons knew that they were under
investigation for the offence of murder when they made the statements.

36 Secondly, even if they were under investigation for robbery only, as long
as they make statements which amount to confessions which can be construed as
confessions to murder under the _Anandagoda_ test, such statements will be
treated as confessions for the purpose of s 30 of the Evidence Act.

37 The statement of the first accused referred to at [6] above and that of the
third accused quoted at [8] above were confessions to an offence of murder in
furtherance of a common intention to committing robbery.

38 With regard to the submissions of the third accused, it was correct that
the stab wounds inflicted by the third accused was not the immediate cause of
death, and did not cause the deceased’s death. However, I did not agree with
the argument that the stomping on the deceased’s head was not committed in the
furtherance of the common intention to rob the deceased. The three accused
persons intended to rob the deceased. To do that, they set on him without
warning, and when he tried to fight back and defend himself, they kicked him,
punched him, stabbed him, hit him with a belt buckle and stomped on his head
so that they could take his wallet from him. Nothing can be more evident that
the attack, including the stomping, was done in the furtherance of their
common intention to rob him.

39 Counsel pointed out that there was no discussion on the mode of carrying
out the robbery or the attack on the deceased. There is no necessity for such
specific planning and agreement. When they confronted the deceased and they
attacked him together, the attack was carried out in the furtherance of their
common intention.

40 The third issue raised was that the third accused did not have the
requisite common intention to cause the fatal injuries. This argument did not
stand up to examination. The attack was an integral part of the robbery, and
cannot be broken up into segments. The whole attack was carried out and the
injuries were inflicted for no other purpose than to carry out the robbery.
The injuries inflicted in the attack were inflicted in furtherance of the
common intention. Even if it was accepted that the third accused did not
intend to, and did not inflict the fatal injuries, he would still be liable as
I shall explain in the paragraphs that follow.

41 The best exposition on the necessary intention in my opinion, is found in
the judgment of Bose J in _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ , AIR 1958 SC 465 at
paras 11 and 12:

(11) In considering whether the intention was to inflict the injury found to
have been inflicted, the enquiry necessarily proceeds on broad lines as, for
example, whether there was an intention to strike at a vital or a dangerous
spot, and whether with sufficient force to cause the kind of injury found to
have been inflicted.

…

(12) To put it shortly, the prosecution must prove the following facts before
it can bring a case under S.300 “thirdly”;

First, it must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily injury is present;

Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved; These are purely objective
investigations.

Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended.

Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,

Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made up
of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender.

and his judgment has long been accepted to be applicable in Singapore as well.

42 In the present case, there is the additional element of common intention,
where there was a common intention to rob the deceased, and to attack him to
carry out the robbery. In the course of the robbery, someone amongst them
stomped on the deceased’s head causing the fatal injuries and the evidence of
the first and the third accused disclosed that the first and the second
accused had done that.

43 Under s 34 of the Penal Code:

When a criminal act is done by several persons, in furtherance of the common
intention of all, each of such persons is liable for that act in the same
manner as if the act were done by him alone.

The third accused would be liable even if he did not have the intention to,
and did not inflict the fatal injuries. This had been made clear in a series
of cases, including _Too Yin Sheong v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 682 at [29] (wrongly
numbered as [28] in the report) where the Court of Appeal reiterated that:

it has been held that it is not incumbent upon the prosecution to show that
the common intention of the accused was to commit the crime for which they are
charged. It is the intention of the doer of the criminal offence charged that
is in issue, and when s 34 applies, the others will be vicariously or
constructively liable for the same offence. In other words, the participants
need only have the mens rea for the offence commonly intended. It was not
necessary for them to also possess the mens rea for the offence for which they
are actually charged.

Conclusion

44 The facts and issues in this case can be put briefly but adequately. The
three accused persons had intended to rob the deceased. They set on him and
when he resisted they attacked him together, and inflicted severe injuries to
his head which were the immediate cause of his death. They also inflicted stab
injuries which were sufficient in the course of nature to cause death.

45 I found that the fatal injuries were intentionally inflicted in furtherance
of their common intention to rob, and it was not the case that the injuries
were caused unintentionally or accidentally, or that only minor injuries were
intended.

46 In the circumstances, I found that all three accused persons were guilty on
the charge they faced, convicted them, and imposed the mandatory death
sentence on them.

  

* * *

[note: 1]P215

[note: 2]P218

[note: 3]P214

[note: 4]P212

[note: 5]P210

[note: 6]P189

[note: 7]1st accused’s submissions para 22

[note: 8]1st accused’s submissions para 28

[note: 9]2nd accused’s submissions page 13

[note: 10]3rd accused’s submissions para 86

[note: 11]3rd accused’s submissions page 10, caption II

[note: 12]3rd accused’s submissions, page 14, caption III

[note: 13]Notes of Evidence p 867, line 29 to p 868 line 1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

