Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Weir Warman Ltd v Research & Development Pty Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 59

Case Number | : | OS 513/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 April 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravindran and Adrian Kwong (Ravindran Associates) for the plaintiff; Dedar Singh Gill and Lim Siau Wen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Weir Warman Ltd — Research & Development Pty Ltd   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Invalidity – Bad faith – Two related companies
involved in dispute over registration and validity of trade mark – One company
registering trade mark in Singapore – Whether proprietorship of mark had been
conferred on such company via contractual term in agreements between it and
other company – Whether company registering mark operating as trade mark
licensee of other company – Whether absence of manufacturing rights in place
of registration of trade mark fatal to claim of proprietorship of trade mark  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Invalidity – Bad faith – Two related companies
involved in dispute over registration and validity of trade mark – One company
registering trade mark in Singapore – Whether proprietorship of mark had been
conferred on such company via contractual term in agreements between it and
other company – Whether contractual right to register mark in Singapore
sufficient to negate allegation of bad faith on part of company registering
such mark – Whether company registering mark having duty to disclose
contractual relationship with other company to Registrar of Trade Marks at
time of registration mark  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Revocation – Company registering trade mark in
Class 7 for range of goods including milling equipment and valves – Company
using mark on pumps and pump parts only – Whether registration of mark in
Class 7 should be partially revoked to limit specification to pumps and pump
parts – Section 22(6) of Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Revocation – Genuine use – Company registering
trade mark and using mark on pump parts – Whether three sales transaction in
relation to pump parts bearing such mark sufficient to constitute "genuine
use" – Whether "genuine use" may be established where no evidence of actual
sales existing – Section 22(1) of Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

30 April 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

1 The plaintiff and the defendant are Australian firms trading in products
that have the same name and a common heritage.

2 The defendant is the registered proprietor of the following three trade
marks for the word ‘WARMAN’ in Singapore (“the Trade Marks”):

(a) T96/0566I for pumps; milling equipment; valves; parts and fittings for the
aforesaid goods in Class 7;

(b) T97/13163J for maintenance of materials handling apparatus and pumps in
Class 37; and

(c) T96/05662G for distribution services; (other than delivery or
transportation services); locating and purchasing of goods for others; all
being services in relation to materials handling apparatus and pumps in Class
42.

3 The plaintiff seeks, by way of originating summons, to invalidate and/or
revoke the Trade Marks registered by the defendant.

Background

4 Charles Harold Warman (“CHW”) is the founder, beneficial owner and director
of the defendant. Prior to 1969, CHW and companies in which he had a direct or
indirect interest (including the defendant) were in the business of
manufacturing and selling pumps and other related products. In connection with
this business, a number of intellectual property rights, including trade marks
and patents, were created and protected by CHW, the defendant and/or their
affiliates.

5 Pursuant to several agreements entered into over time, CHW’s and the
defendant’s intellectual property rights were transferred to various parties,
including the plaintiff’s predecessor-in-title, Peko-Wallsend Ltd (“Peko”); it
was also agreed that both CHW and Peko were to be bound by certain trade
restraints. Certain provisions in these agreements constitute the kernel of
the present dispute.

**_The 1969 Agreement_**

6 The first agreement is dated 16 April 1969 (“the 1969 Agreement”) between
CHW, Warman Investments Pty Ltd and related parties on the one hand and Peko
on the other.

7 Prior to the 1969 Agreement, all shares in the defendant were owned by a
holding entity, Warman Holdings Pty Limited. Shortly before the parties
entered into the 1969 Agreement, Peko acquired all the issued shares in the
defendant. This was expressly recorded in Recital (d) of the 1969 Agreement.
Pursuant to the 1969 Agreement, Peko then acquired all the issued shares in
Warman Holdings Pty Limited from the related parties for a consideration of
AUD 6,425,000.

8 Following Peko’s acquisition of all the shares in Warman Holdings Pty
Limited, Peko was obliged to give effect to cl 6 of the 1969 Agreement, which
provided:

Upon the registration of the transfers of shares in the Company [Warman
Holdings Pty. Limited] pursuant to Clause 4 hereof _the Purchaser [Peko] shall
with all due diligence and expedition proceed and procure Research &
Development Pty. Limited [the defendant] to assign all its assets_ other than
the amounts standing or to be placed to the credit of its capital profits
reserve account and its profit and loss appropriation account _to the
Purchaser or some other company or person as nominated by the Purchaser
including therein all patents and trade marks the property of Research &
Development Pty. Limited at such time_ to the intent that Research &
Development Pty. Limited shall be left without assets or liabilities other
than its interest in 50 percent of the Royalties to flow from its licence
agreement with Simonacco Ltd. _and shall then forthwith cause to be executed
transfers of all the issued capital in Research & Development Pty. Limited to
Charles Harold Warman or his nominee in consideration of the payment of One
hundred dollars ($100)_. The Purchaser in so distributing and disposing of the
assets of Research & Development Pty. Limited will avoid any liability being
attached to Research & Development Pty. Limited for taxation gift or stamp
duties.

[emphasis added]

Upon Peko’s compliance with cl 6 in or about July 1969, the defendant was left
without any of its assets (other than its interest in 50% of the royalties
from a licence agreement).

9 Pursuant to cl 5(m) of the 1969 Agreement, the Fifth Schedule of the 1969
Agreement expressly and exhaustively sets out particulars of _all_ the trade
marks which would pass into Peko’s control on completion of the Agreement:

(a) ‘WARMAN’ in Australia, bearing the trade mark application numbers 130,107
and 130,108;

(b) ‘SIMONACCO-WARMAN’ in the United Kingdom;

(c) ‘WARMAN’ in Hungary, bearing the trade mark application number 111,907;
and

(d) ‘WARMAN’ in France, bearing the trade mark application number 64,344.

It is clear that the 1969 Agreement does not pertain to any existing or future
trade marks registered in Singapore.

10 Various trade restraints were also included in the 1969 Agreement. Clause
10(a) prohibited Peko (and its related companies) from manufacturing in or
exporting to Japan or Africa (including Madagascar) any article the subject of
any current patent in CHW’s name, or any improvement thereof. These
territories were defined in that clause as the “exclusive Warman Territories”.
It should be pointed out, however, that these exclusivity provisions under the
1969 Agreement were subsequently superseded by the 1971 Agreement (see _infra_
from [12] to [16]).

11 To summarise, the position following the 1969 Agreement was essentially
that Peko owned all the shares in Warman Holdings Pty Limited, as well as the
assets owned by the defendant prior to the agreement, including the specific
trade marks listed in the Fifth Schedule of the 1969 Agreement (see [9]
_supra_). At the same time, the ownership of the defendant was placed in the
hands of CHW and/or his nominee(s). Japan and Africa (including Madagascar)
were also deemed “exclusive Warman Territories” in which Peko was prohibited
from either manufacturing or exporting.

**_The 1971 Agreement_**

12 A further agreement dated 6 December 1971 (“the 1971 Agreement”) was
entered into between CHW, the defendant and Peko. This is really the key
agreement in the present proceedings.

13 By recital (E) of the 1971 Agreement, Peko sought to have CHW:

… assign forego and forever relinquish to it _part of his rights existing at
the date hereof_ to make and sell Products and Licensed Items anywhere in the
world.

[emphasis added]

14 “Products” and “Licensed Items” are defined in cl 10 of the 1971 Agreement.
“Products” is stated to mean “any article or machine … the production of which
… necessitates the utilisation of “know-how and associated matter”… .” “Know-
how and associated matter” is in turn defined in some detail as, in effect,
the know-how of the Warman business acquired by Peko under the 1969 Agreement,
and any “continuation, extension, modification or variation” of the same.
“Licensed Items” is then defined to include the items listed in the Second
Schedule of the 1971 Agreement, which identifies each “Licensed Item” with
reference to the trade mark ‘WARMAN’, for instance, ‘WARMAN’ pumps, ‘WARMAN’
hydraulic cyclones and ‘WARMAN’ spares and/or parts applicable to various
other listed items.

15 The broad intention of the parties manifested in recital (E) found further
expression in cl 2 of the 1971 Agreement. This is a crucial clause. It
provides:

That in consideration of the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000-00) to be
paid to Warman [CHW] by Peko Warman does hereby grant assign and relinquish
absolutely to Peko his right to make and sell Products and Licensed Items
anywhere in the world save that Peko acknowledges that Warman retains

(a) the absolute and exclusive right (to the absolute exclusion of Peko) to
make and sell in Japan and Africa for use in Japan and Africa Products and
Licensed Items.

(b) the exclusive right to export from Japan and Africa Products and Licensed
Items _for use and sale within the Non-exclusive Territories_ hereinafter
defined and coloured green on the map annexed hereto as Appendix “B”.

[emphasis added]

16 “Non-Exclusive Territories” is defined in cl 10 of the 1971 Agreement,
which sets out, _inter alia_ , a non-exhaustive list of these territories and
specifically includes Singapore as one such territory.

17 Hence, by virtue of the 1969 and 1971 Agreements (collectively “the
Agreements”), the parties (through their predecessors) agreed that they were
both free to _sell_ relevant products under the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in the
Non-Exclusive Territories, including Singapore, subject to mutual restraints
as to the place of manufacture of the goods.

**_The 1981 Agreement_**

18 For completeness, it should be mentioned that by a final agreement in 1981
between the parties and/or their predecessors (“the 1981 Agreement”), the
plaintiff acquired all of CHW’s right, title and interest in Japan, including
the registered trade mark ‘WARMAN’ in Japan. Nothing, however, in the present
proceedings turns on this.

The facts

19 The plaintiff (whether itself or through its predecessor or related
companies and its/their agents and distributors) has allegedly been selling
‘WARMAN’ marked equipment in Singapore since the early 1960s. The first
recorded sale into Singapore by the plaintiff itself was in August 1984, when
the plaintiff sold a ‘WARMAN’ pump for AUD 94,763. The plaintiff’s sales
turnover from 1984 to December 2005 was AUD 878,972, and of this sum, AUD
601,384 was the turnover from 1984 to 1996 (when the defendant first
registered the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Singapore). The plaintiff had also
appointed a Malaysian licensee and distributor, Warman Wil, in 1987 who has
the right to sell into Singapore. From 1987 to 2005, the latter had sold RM
3,541,485 worth of ‘WARMAN’ trade marked pumps and spare parts in Singapore.
The figure from 1987 to 1996 was RM 1,846,776.

20 The plaintiff has, to date, registered the trade mark ‘WARMAN’ in respect
of pumps and other products in a number of countries. The Non-Exclusive
Territories in which the plaintiff made such registrations are: China,
Georgia, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Kyrgzy Republic, Malaysia, Republic of
Kazakhstan, Russian Federation, Sabah, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Syria,
Tadzhikstan, Taiwan, Thailand, Uzbekistan and Vietnam.

21 On the other hand, the defendant has also effected registrations of the
trade mark ‘WARMAN’ in some Non-Exclusive Territories. Apart from Singapore,
the other Non-Exclusive Territories in which the defendant registered the mark
are Israel (in 1998), Jordan (in 1999) and the United Arab Emirates (in 1999).
The plaintiff has filed applications, similar to the present proceedings, that
seek to invalidate the defendant’s registrations in Jordan and Israel.

22 The defendant’s registrations of the trade mark ‘WARMAN’ in Singapore were
made in 1996 and 1997. In 1996, the mark was registered for the purposes of
Classes 7 and 42 and the requisite registration certificates were issued on 18
October 1999 and 2 November 2000 respectively. In 1997, the registration was
in respect of Class 37 goods and services and the relevant registration
certificate was issued on 6 August 1999 (see [2] _supra_ for the specific
description of the registrations).

23 It is common ground that the defendant had not used the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark
in Singapore prior to registration; the defendant and/or its subsidiaries had
actually commenced using the mark in Singapore only in 2001.

**_Use of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark by the defendant in Singapore_**

24 The only evidence adduced of the defendant’s use of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark
in Singapore is in relation to the Class 7 goods, specifically, pump parts and
pumps.

_Use of the mark on pump parts_

25 The only three sales by the defendant involving goods marked with the
‘WARMAN’ mark _simpliciter_ were those of pump parts. One of the sales
transactions was made with a Singapore company, Technochem Pte Ltd in January
2003; the remaining two transactions were with another Singapore company,
Arena International Pte Ltd in June and November 2003 respectively.

26 In addition to the sales, the defendant has also tendered three e-mail
enquiries from Singapore companies to the defendant evidencing its use of the
‘WARMAN’ mark on pump parts in Singapore. The e-mails were sent to enquire
about, _inter alia_ , pump parts, and to request for quotations and
catalogues. All three enquiries were made pursuant to information made
available on the defendant’s Internet website.

27 Last, there is a fax sent on 10 December 2001 by the defendant to Rio Tinto
Asia Pty Limited, a company in Singapore (“the Rio fax”). In that fax, the
defendant introduced itself as an independent manufacturer of original Warman
Pumps and spare parts, and offered its “unparalleled service at the most
competitive prices”. This fax is similarly adduced by the defendant as
evidence of their use of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Singapore.

_Use of the mark on pumps_

28 The Rio fax constitutes some evidence of use by the defendant of the
‘WARMAN’ mark on pumps as well as pump parts. Further, there is a letter sent
by the defendant to Leighton Contractors (Singapore) Pte Ltd on 22 April 2003,
describing and offering various ‘WARMAN’ pumps in purported response to the
latter’s enquiry about slurry pumps.

29 The defendant had also received three e-mail enquiries about ‘WARMAN’ pumps
from Singapore companies, namely, McAlister & Co Ltd, Quest Global Pte Ltd and
Ning Kwong Optical Co Pte Ltd on 21 March, 9 May and 9 August 2003
respectively. These e-mail enquiries, like those for pump parts, apparently
flowed from information provided in the defendant’s website.

30 A meeting was also held in Singapore on 12 November 2001 between the
defendant and one Andrew Tan from a Singapore-based business, Hytrade, in
relation to the potential supply of ‘WARMAN’ pumps by the defendant for a
sand-dredging project. A report of the meeting prepared by the defendant,
suggests that Hytrade attended the meeting in its capacity as an agent
facilitating the supply of pumps for various projects. Andrew Tan had also
proposed a ‘loose agreement’ to the defendant whereby he would promote
‘WARMAN’ pumps to various mining houses and consultants in Singapore.

The present applications

31 Originating Summons No 513 of 2006 was filed by the plaintiff on 8 March
2006 seeking both the invalidation and the revocation of the Trade Marks.

32 In its application to invalidate, the plaintiff essentially asserts that it
is the sole legitimate proprietor of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore. The Trade
Marks, it contends, were registered by the defendant in breach of s 23(1) read
with s 7(6) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”) in that the
applications were made in bad faith; and/or the Trade Marks had breached s
23(4) of the TMA because the registration was procured by fraud or
misrepresentation.

33 The application to revoke, on the other hand, was made pursuant to s
22(1)(a) of the TMA; the plaintiff alleges that the Trade Marks have not been
put to genuine use in the course of trade in Singapore in the course of the
five-year periods commencing from the respective dates of their registrations
and/or for uninterrupted five-year periods to date; further, there are no
proper reasons for non-use.

The parties’ contentions

34 In making the submission that it is the sole proprietor of the ‘WARMAN’
trade mark in Singapore, the plaintiff relies essentially on three intertwined
contentions: first, that the Agreements confer on the plaintiff sole
proprietorship of the trade mark in Singapore; second, that this follows
_inter alia_ by reason of the fact the defendant cannot manufacture in
Singapore but the plaintiff can; and third, that the plaintiff had used the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore even prior to the defendant’s trade mark
registrations. As such, the plaintiff submits that the defendant knew or ought
to have known that its act of applying for the trade mark registrations in
Singapore fell short of acceptable behaviour given its knowledge (constructive
or otherwise) that the plaintiff was the true proprietor of the ‘WARMAN’ mark.
Hence, the plaintiff urges this Court to invalidate the Trade Marks on the
ground of bad faith. Further or in the alternative, the plaintiff argues that
the defendant had obtained its trade mark registrations by fraud or
misrepresentation and consequently, these registrations should be invalidated.
This latter argument was premised similarly on the basis that proprietorship
of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore lies with the plaintiff. As for its
application to revoke the Trade Marks, the plaintiff’s case is simply that the
defendant has not proved that there has been genuine use of the Trade Marks in
Singapore during the relevant period.

35 The defendant takes the view that neither party can claim to be the
proprietor of the trade mark to the exclusion of the other in the Non-
Exclusive Territories. It submits that by necessary implication from the
express terms of the Agreements permitting sale in the Non-Exclusive
Territories of the subject products and use of the mark, both of them are
proprietors of the trade mark in those territories. Further, the defendant
argues that at the material juncture, it had no knowledge of the plaintiff’s
prior reputation and sales activities in Singapore. Therefore, there is no bad
faith on the part of the defendant and no basis to invalidate the Trade Marks.
In relation to the revocation of the Trade Marks, the defendant submits that
the evidence adduced of its use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark on pumps and pump parts
constitutes genuine use of the Class 7 trade mark, and that mark should not be
revoked. It concedes, however, that it has tendered no evidence of use of the
marks in Classes 37 and 42. The dispute in the issue of revocation is
therefore confined to the ‘WARMAN’ mark registered by the defendant for Class
7 goods.

The trade mark regime

36 The plaintiff’s applications for invalidation and revocation are tethered
to the contentions that the defendant’s registered marks should be removed
from the trade mark register because they never should have been there in the
first place (in the case of invalidation) and because they should not be there
anymore (in the case of revocation). The issues raised in these applications
are, in the final analysis, inextricably tied to the rationale underpinning
the trade mark registration regime and the protection it confers on registered
trade marks. As such, I find it helpful, and indeed appropriate, first to set
out the broad objectives and functions of the trade mark registration regime.

**_Historical development of trade mark law in the United Kingdom_**

37 Special symbols and devices have been employed from the early days of
commerce by merchants to establish and maintain the distinctiveness of their
goods from those belonging to their competitors. However, even until 1742, in
_Blanchard v Hill_ (1742) 2 ATK 484, Lord Hardwicke refused to grant an
injunction at the suit of a manufacturer of playing cards, to restrain the
defendant from making and selling cards bearing a counterfeit of the
plaintiff’s mark. It should be noted, however, that the court had nevertheless
remarked _obiter_ that if the use of the mark were made with a _fraudulent
design_ or to _draw away customers_ from the other trader whose mark was thus
_appropriated_ , that might be sufficient to maintain an action.

38 From the early 19th century, there were several reported infringement cases
in the Courts of Chancery (see, for example, _Day v Day_ (1816) Digest 21).
However, the Courts of Chancery continued for some time to insist on the
presence of a fraudulent intention as the crucial element to justify an action
for infringement of a trade mark. However, this requirement was gradually
abandoned and the Courts of Chancery eventually accepted that the owner of a
trade mark had a proprietary right in his mark which he was entitled to
protect against invasion: see Morcom et al, _The Modern Law of Trade Marks_
(Butterworths, 2005, 2nd Ed) (“ _Morcom et al_ ”) at p 5. This right was
definitively established in _Millington v Fox_ (1834) 3 My & Cr 338. It was
not however, until the merger of the common law courts with the Chancery
Courts initiated by the Judicature Act of 1873 that _all_ the courts finally
jettisoned the requirement that fraud be first established in order to
maintain a trade mark infringement action: see _Morcom et al_ at p 6. I note,
however, that despite the courts’ dispensation of fraud as an essential
ingredient in a trade mark infringement action, abhorrence against any
fraudulent conduct manifested by a trade mark user continues to find
expression in modern trade mark registration regimes in many developed legal
systems, _inter alia_ , through provisions proscribing bad faith. Trade marks
must not be registered in bad faith, and if a mark has been registered in
circumstances that exude a lack of _bona fides_ , the registration will be
deemed invalid.

**_The purpose of the trade mark registration regime_**

39 The Trade Marks Registration Act 1875 was the first statute that permitted
actual trade mark registration in the United Kingdom. This was a significant
step in the protection of intellectual property rights as it provided
statutory relief to traders seeking to protect their legitimate rights. Prior
to this, the only means of protection would have been to initiate a passing
off action at common law (see [38] _supra_). This was (and is) a usually
lengthy, expensive and often complex process, even with the abolishment of
fraud as the primary constituent of the action. Establishing proof of the
essential elements of goodwill, misrepresentation and damage in a passing off
action has always been a fairly onerous burden to discharge.

40 The purpose of trade mark registration is succinctly and incisively
summarised by the authors of _Morcom et al_ at p 6:

An important purpose of registration of trade marks was to afford protection
to the trader without the need of establishing his title to his trade mark by
evidence. The entry of a trade mark on a register was _presumptive evidence of
the right of the registered proprietor_ to the exclusive use of the mark for
the goods specified. At the same time the _public would be better protected
against deception_ and _rival traders were given notice, by the register_ , of
the rights claimed in the registered mark.

[emphasis added]

41 It is plain that the trade mark register is intended to be a comprehensive
and accurate record of trade marks currently in use. As such, it is crucial to
maintain the accuracy of the register and to ensure that undeserving and
invalid trade marks are removed from the register without undue delay and
complication. In addition, the register is meant to assure and endorse the
function of registered trade marks as badges of origin (see [43]-[44] _infra_)
so as to protect the public against deception. Hence marks that are misleading
or likely to cause confusion or no longer serve their function should not be
accepted or allowed to remain on the register, as the case may be.

42 Finally, the register is also meant to notify rival traders dealing in
similar products of the rights over particular trade marks possessed by the
registered proprietor. As such, it is also important that these registered
marks be _in actual use_ or be _bona fide_ _intended to be used_ by the
registered proprietors; any contrary approach would result in unjust
monopolies where devious registered proprietors could prevent the use of a
mark by others despite not having any intention to use it, _simply_ by reason
of prior registration. Indeed, such ‘squatting’ situations are addressed by
most modern trade mark registration statutes, which require that the
registrant has at least a _bona fide_ intention to use a mark before
registering it (see, for example, s 5(2) of the TMA; s 32(3) of the English
Trade Marks Act 1994). Kitchin et al, _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade
Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell London , 14th Ed, 2005) at p 237 helpfully illustrates
this by reference to three instances of hijacking a mark or spoiling a
competitor’s plans that suggest bad faith:

(1) The applicant has no _bona fide_ intention to use the trade mark at all,
but wishes to prevent a competitor from using the, or a similar, mark;

(2) The applicant has no present or fixed intention to use the mark, but
wishes to stockpile the mark for use at some indeterminate time in the future;
and

(3) The applicant becomes aware that someone else plans to use the mark, and
files a pre-emptive application with a view to selling it.

**_The modern-day function of a trade mark_**

43 The essential function of a trade mark has been coherently set out by
Laddie J in _Glaxo Group & Others v Dowelhurst Ltd (No_  _2)_ [2000] FSR 529
(“ _Dowelhurst (No_  _2)_ ”) at p 540-541:

… [T]he mark is a sign to the customer, both that the goods are the goods of a
particular source (whether he knows or cares what that source is) and that the
proprietor of the mark holds himself out as responsible for those goods and
their quality. This representation of responsibility for quality is
inseparable from the mark’s function as an indication of source. … The
proprietor of a mark can raise or lower the quality of his goods at will. …
_So the mark does not represent quality as such. Rather it indicates that the
goods are of the standard which the proprietor is content to distribute under
his banner_.

[emphasis added]

44 This vital characteristic of the trade mark is addressed, _inter alia_ , by
the crucial requirement of distinctiveness demanded by modern trade mark
legislation; further, provisions against bad faith in trade mark legislation
continue to legally denounce the appropriation of another’s goodwill in a mark
by registration, which results in the erosion of the function of that mark as
a badge of origin. It is plain that trade mark legislation is generally
enacted to promote the effective functioning of trade marks legitimately in
use. This should be borne in mind when interpreting and applying such
legislation.

45 Before I move on to deal with the specific issues at hand, I find it apt to
reiterate the perceptive observations of Laddie J in _Dowelhurst (No_  _2)_
(see [43] _supra_] at pp 539-540:

Unfortunately, there is much mystique surrounding trade marks. Where
registered marks are concerned, there have grown up detailed and sometimes
obscure statutory provisions relating to registration, infringement and
validity. Marks can be created and destroyed, bought, sold and licensed.
Sometimes they can be very valuable. However, the complex statutory framework
and the value of marks can sometimes blind us to their essential features and
functions.

I cannot agree more, and to those astute words I must also add that when faced
with trade mark cases involving complex law _or_ facts, it is always helpful,
and sometimes even critical, to keep in mind the essential objective of trade
marks and the nature of the protection conferred by the trade mark
registration regime. This is particularly important in a case with a unique
and novel factual matrix such as the present.

Preliminary note on the issue of invalidation

46 The sections stipulating for invalidation on the ground of bad faith are:

(a) Section 7(6) of the TMA:

A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the application
is made in bad faith.

(b) Section 23(1) of the TMA:

The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground that
the trade mark was registered in beach of section 7.

With respect to invalidation for fraud or misrepresentation, the provision is
as follows:

Section 23(4) of the TMA:

The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground of
fraud in the registration or that the registration was obtained by
misrepresentation.

47 I must point out that I am keenly aware the defendant’s registration of the
Trade Marks took place in 1996 and 1997, and the TMA had not then come into
force. The applicable law governing these registrations therefore remains _ex
facie_ the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Rev Ed). However, the Third Schedule
of the TMA sets out transitional provisions, of which para 17(2) is relevant
to the present proceedings. It provides:

For the purposes of proceedings under section 23 of this Act as it applies in
relation to an existing registered mark, the provisions of this Act shall be
deemed to have been in force at all material times, except that no objection
to the validity of the registration of an existing registered mark may be
taken on the ground specified in Section 8(3) of this Act.

In light of this, s 23(1) read with s 7(6) of the TMA, as well as s 23(4) of
the TMA, is applicable to the present application apropos the invalidation of
the Trade Marks.

Bad faith

48 The appropriate test for bad faith under s 7(6) of the TMA was first
reviewed by our courts in _Rothmans of Pall Mall Limited v Maycolson
International Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 551 (“ _Maycolson_ ”) where Lai Siu Chiu J
endorsed, at p 561, Lindsay J’s succinct formulation of the concept of bad
faith in _Gromax Plasticulture Ltd v Don & Low Nonwovens Ltd_ [1999] RPC 367
(“ _Gromax Plasticulture_ ”) at 379:

… Plainly it includes dishonesty and, as I would hold, includes also some
dealings which fall short of the standards of acceptable commercial behaviour
observed by reasonable and experienced men in the particular area [of trade]
being examined.

It would be fair to say that the term ‘bad faith’ embraces not only actual
dishonesty but also dealings which would be considered as commercially
unacceptable by reasonable and experienced persons in a particular trade, even
though such dealings may otherwise involve ‘no breach of any duty, obligation,
prohibition or requirement that is legally binding’ upon the registrant of the
trade mark: see _Demon Ale Trade Mark_ [2000] RPC 345 at 356; and Tan Tee Jim
SC in _Law of Trade Marks and Passing Off in_ Singapore, Sweet & Maxwell Asia
(2005, 2nd Ed) (“ _Tan Tee Jim_ ”) at p 129.

49 In the present case, it is common ground that the key issue in the
determination of bad faith pivots around the fulcrum of proprietorship of the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore. It appears to me to be an incontrovertible
proposition that if a registrant of a trade mark has proprietorship of that
trade mark, or at the very least, the _right to register_ that trade mark,
then such registration of the trade mark should fall well within the standards
of acceptable commercial behaviour observed by reasonable and experienced
persons in the particular trade. Conversely, where it can be shown that the
applicant knew of an _exclusive_ proprietary right of _another_ in relation to
the trade mark it seeks to furtively register, then any such registration
would, almost invariably, quite clearly fall short of the relevant standards.
As such, it is important to first examine and determine the issue of
proprietorship.

Proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore

**_The agreements between the parties_**

50 On the present facts, the intent and purport of the Agreements, and in
particular, the 1971 Agreement, are of paramount significance in determining
the issue of proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark.

51 The Agreements do not expressly deal with trade mark rights in Singapore.
The only specific mentions of trade marks arise in cll 5(l), 5(m) and 6 of the
1969 Agreement; the 1971 Agreement does not make any express reference to
trade marks at all. Clause 6 of the 1969 Agreement mandates the assignment to
Peko of all trade marks ‘the property of [the defendant] _at such time_ ’ (see
[8] _supra_). This merely transfers to the plaintiff’s predecessor the trade
marks owned by the defendant _at the time the 1969_ _Agreement was reached_ ,
which do not include any trade mark rights in Singapore. Clause 5(l) states
that the Fourth Schedule sets out particulars of, _inter alia_ , all trade
marks held by CHW and the defendant throughout the world; and cl 5(m) provides
for the Fifth Schedule to set out particulars of, _inter alia_ , all trade
marks to pass into Peko’s control upon completion of the 1969 Agreement. Trade
mark rights in Singapore feature in _neither_ the Fourth nor the Fifth
Schedule. Hence, the contractual arrangement between the parties with respect
to trade mark rights in Singapore, if any such arrangement exists, must be
implied into the Agreements.

52 The plaintiff submits that the Agreements must be construed as conferring
on the _plaintiff_ sole-proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore since
exclusive manufacturing rights are granted to the plaintiff; or that the
agreements are at best _silent_ as to proprietorship of the mark and
consequently, by virtue of prior use, the plaintiff is the common law
proprietor of the mark. In contrast, the defendant argues that on a proper
interpretation of the agreements, _both_ the plaintiff and the defendant are
entitled to use the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore and to claim proprietorship
over the mark; this argument is premised on the fact that the 1971 Agreement
allows _both_ parties to sell their products under the ‘WARMAN’ mark in the
Non-Exclusive Territories.

_Implying a contractual term_

53 The law relating to the implication of a term in a contract has been set
out with clarity by Andrew Phang J (as he then was) in _Forefront Medical
Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 927 (“ _Forefront_ ”).
He held that terms can only be implied if both the ‘business efficacy’ and the
‘officious bystander’ tests are satisfied. Phang J then cited (at [35])
Scrutton LJ in _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom), Limited
and Elton Copdyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 at p 605 to illustrate
the inclusiveness as well as complementarity of the ‘business efficacy’ and
‘officious bystander’ tests in practice:

A term can only be implied if it is necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract; that is, if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would
both have replied “Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to say
that; it is too clear.” Unless the Court comes to such conclusion as that, it
ought not to imply a term which the parties themselves have not expressed.

54 I also respectfully associate myself with Phang J’s observations at pp
937-938 of _Forefront_ where he further clarified the ‘business efficacy’ and
‘officious bystander’ tests:

However, it is important to note that the tests considered above relate to the
possible implication of a _particular_ term or terms into _particular_
contracts. In other words, the court concerned would examine the _particular
factual matrix_ concerned in order to ascertain whether or not a term ought to
be implied. This is the established general approach, regardless of the view
one takes of the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. There
are practical consequences to such an approach, the most important of which is
that the implication of a term or terms in a particular contract _creates no
precedent for future cases_. In other words, the court is only concerned about
arriving at a just and fair result via implication of the term or terms in
question in that case – _and that case alone_. The court is only concerned
about the presumed intention of the particular contracting parties – _and
those particular parties alone_. [emphasis in original]

Therefore, the crucial question here is whether a term should be implied into
the Agreements, having regard to the particular factual matrix within which
the Agreements were reached and the intentions of the parties as primarily
construed from the express terms of the Agreements; and if so, what is the
term that should be implied.

55 On the facts, the 1971 Agreement is the agreement apportioning the trading
rights of the parties with respect to the ‘WARMAN’ products, and if a term as
to the proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark is to be implied, it should
be implied into that agreement. The 1969 Agreement, on the other hand,
provides the backdrop of the commercial relationship between the parties
against which the 1971 Agreement is to be understood. Thus, in considering the
implication of a term, I accordingly direct my mind primarily to the 1971
Agreement.

56 For the purposes of proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ mark, cl 2 of the 1971
Agreement (set out in [15] _supra_) is of the utmost importance. In that
clause, CHW assigned to Peko his right to make and sell ‘Products and Licensed
Items’ anywhere in the world. It is noteworthy that ‘Licensed Items’ are
defined with reference to the trade mark ‘WARMAN’, and items listed as such
are ‘WARMAN’ marked items (see [14] _supra_). CHW had, however, retained his
right to make and sell ‘Products and Licensed Items’ in Japan and Africa as
well as to use and sell these ‘Products and Licensed Items’ manufactured in
Japan and Africa in Non-Exclusive Territories (of which, Singapore is one). As
an aside, CHW assigned such rights pertaining to Japan to the plaintiff in
1981 (as mentioned in [18] _supra_), and thus for the present purposes, the
defendant only has the right to make the relevant products in Africa, and to
sell these products in Africa as well as in the Non-Exclusive Territories.

57 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Dedar Singh, suggests that since _both_ the
plaintiff and the defendant (through their respective predecessors) possess
the right to _sell_ various relevant products under the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in
Non-Exclusive Territories, it must necessarily follow that _both_ must have
the right to _protect_ that trade mark under which they are selling.
Consequently, it should be implied that _both_ must have the _right to
register_ the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Non-Exclusive Territories, including
Singapore. In contrast, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr M Ravindran, argues that
the fact that cl 2 of the 1971 Agreement only gives the _plaintiff and not the
defendant_ the right to _make_ the relevant products under the ‘WARMAN’ mark
in Non-Exclusive Territories indicates that the parties intended the
_plaintiff_ to have _exclusive_ proprietorship of the mark in Singapore, and a
term should be implied to that effect. Further, he asserts that the defendant
operates under a limited licence from the plaintiff to sell ‘WARMAN’ marked
products in Singapore and any infringement proceedings that the defendant
wishes to institute must be _through the plaintiff_ , the registered
proprietor of the mark.

58 Having regard to the totality of the evidence before me, and especially the
express terms of the 1971 Agreement governing the apportionment of rights with
respect to ‘WARMAN’ marked products, I am inclined to conclude that _on these
particular facts_ , the right to register, and thus to protect, the ‘WARMAN’
trade mark is necessary to give business efficacy to the right to sell
products under that mark. While the parties had not directed their minds
specifically to future registrations of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Singapore
at the time of the 1971 Agreement, I am satisfied that if one were to ask the
parties at that time what the position was with respect to the right to
register the mark in Non-Exclusive territories, the obvious answer would be
that _both_ the plaintiff and the defendant would be equally entitled to such
right. I draw this conclusion from the position of the parties in relation to
their _exclusive_ territories, as well as from commercial logic and
commonsense. I now elaborate on my reasons for coming to this conclusion.

59 The position taken by the parties on the matter of trade mark registrations
in their respective exclusive territories is clear and undisputed. Only the
plaintiff has the right to make and sell products under the ‘WARMAN’ mark in
its exclusive territories, as marked in red and mauve on the map in Appendix
‘B’ of the 1971 Agreement. The plaintiff has therefore interpreted the
agreement as conferring upon it the right to register the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark
in these territories, as evidenced by its registrations in various countries
in America, Europe and Australasia. Similarly, the defendant has registered
the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in numerous African countries, and appears to have
taken the view that it has the right to register the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Africa,
the territory where only it can make and sell the relevant products. There
seems, therefore, to be an understanding between the parties, based on their
positions as created by the various agreements between them, that the
plaintiff is the only proprietor of the trade mark in its exclusive
territories and the defendant is the only proprietor of the trade mark in its
only exclusive territory, Africa. Thus, it stands to reason that with respect
to the _Non-Exclusive_ Territories as stipulated by the 1971 Agreement,
wherein _both_ parties have the right to sell ‘WARMAN’ marked products, _both_
parties must have the right to protect and register the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark.

60 Protection of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore necessarily entails the
registration of the trade mark since only registered proprietors can prevent
the use of the mark by unauthorised parties through infringement proceedings.
Admittedly, the tort of passing off may be available to traders using
particular trade marks. However, I am of the view that the 1971 Agreement in
giving the parties a right to use the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Non-Exclusive
Territories must have envisaged a stronger protection than that simply
provided by common law tort. The elements of goodwill, misrepresentation and
damage, the necessary prerequisites for an action in passing off, are at odds
with an understanding of the 1971 Agreement, which _unequivocally confers on_
both the plaintiff and the defendant unfettered rights to sell the relevant
products under the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Non-Exclusive Territories. Besides, many
of the non-exclusive territories are not common law based jurisdictions.
_Since the right to sell is unfettered, the corresponding right to protect the
trade mark should be equally so, and it is only the statutory trade mark
regime that can offer such unqualified protection_.

61 In addition, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s suggested interpretation
of the 1971 Agreement – that the plaintiff is the exclusive proprietor of the
‘WARMAN’ mark – is commercially implausible and unviable in light of the
rights apportioned to both parties through the 1971 Agreement. A simple
example suffices to illustrate this. Consider the situation where the
defendant wishes to start trading in a Non-Exclusive Territory, wherein
neither party has any prior presence and wherein the plaintiff has neither any
present nor any future interest. If the plaintiff’s suggestion is accepted,
the defendant will not be able to independently protect the ‘WARMAN’ mark in
that territory as the defendant will have no right to register that trade
mark. Instead, if the plaintiff is correct, the defendant will have to plead
with the plaintiff to register the trade mark in that territory with which the
plaintiff might have no interest or connection, so that it may institute
infringement proceedings through the plaintiff. What if the plaintiff refuses?
Must it and can it then join the plaintiff as a co-defendant? This leads to an
utterly incomprehensible result and surely flies against all commercial logic.

62 It is clear that the 1971 Agreement must have contemplated that both the
plaintiff and the defendant should be entitled to individually and
independently avail themselves of the protection afforded by the trade mark
registration regime apropos the ‘WARMAN’ mark under which each of them trades.
The right to protect the trade mark is necessarily implied by the right to
sell in this particular case. I caution, however, that this conclusion is
drawn from the _particular_ factual matrix of this case (see Phang J’s
observations at [54] _supra_); significantly, the nature of the relationship
between the parties was an important consideration. It is by no means a
proposition of law that the right to protect must _inevitably_ result from
_any_ unfettered right to sell.

**_Trade mark license_**

63 One instance of a right to sell under a trade mark being divorced from a
right to protect that mark by way of trade mark registration is in the case of
a trade mark licensee. This is perhaps an appropriate juncture to deal with
the plaintiff’s assertion that the defendant’s right to sell under the
‘WARMAN’ trade mark derives from a licence conferred by the plaintiff. In
light of established authorities on the nature of a trade mark licence, it is
my view that this assertion is incorrect.

64 The test for the validity of a trade mark licence was set out in
_Rainforest Coffee Products Pte Ltd v Rainforest Café, Inc_ [2000] 2 SLR 549
where Lai Kew Chai J, in delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal,
endorsed the English decision in _Bostitch TM_ [1963] RPC 183 at p 567:

… The key to the validity of a trade mark licence was whether or not the
licence arrangement had destroyed the trade connection between the proprietor
of the trade mark and the goods … .

Therefore, for there to be a valid trade mark licence between parties, there
must be a trade connection between the purported proprietor of the trade mark
(allegedly the plaintiff, in this case) and the goods ultimately sold under
the mark by the licensee (the defendant’s goods, in this case).

65 In the commentary of the TMA by Mr M Ravindran in _Butterworths’ Singapore
Statutes_ – _Intellectual Property_ (Butterworths, 2002) (“the _Butterworths’
Statutes_ ”), it is stated that whether the proprietor has any trade
connection with the goods or services in question is ultimately a question of
fact. Mr Ravindran, coincidentally the counsel for the plaintiff in the
present case, explains in the commentary at p 126:

… if the proprietor does not in fact exercise control or supervise the use of
his registered trade mark (notwithstanding provisions which allow him to do
so), there is no trade connection between him and the goods or services for
which the mark has been registered.

It appears to be trite law that to establish the requisite trade connection
for a valid trade mark licence, there must be at least _some_ control or
supervision of the use of the trade mark by the purported licensee.

66 The same view has been adopted in _Tan Tee Jim_ ([48] _supra_) at p 216 in
relation to the licensing of unregistered trade marks. The learned author is
of the view that such licence is valid only if there is a quality control
relationship between the licensor and the goods or services in question.

67 The leading treatise of Wilkof and Burkitt, _Trade Mark Licensing_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2005, 2nd Ed) at p 252, notes that the approach in the United States
of America with respect to implied licences emphasises that evidence of
control is necessary for an implied trade mark licence. The authors cite the
American case of _Villanova University v Villanova Alumni Educational
Foundation, Inc_ , 123 F Supp 2d 293, for the proposition that the existence
of an implied trade mark licence requires evidence that permission was given
to use the mark, coupled with an exercise of reasonable control over such use.
This requirement is assessed by the objective conduct of the parties. This
seems sensible.

68 Both from precedent and logic, I conclude that a trade mark licence
arrangement between the plaintiff and the defendant may only be established if
the plaintiff exerts some manner or form of control or supervision over the
defendant’s goods. From the undisputed facts, I note that the plaintiff and
the defendant are in fact two entities trading separately and entirely
independently of each other, albeit in goods having a common heritage and
affixed with an identical trade mark. As such, neither party can control or
supervise the other’s goods and use of the trade mark in the Non-Exclusive
Territories. I find, therefore, that there is no trade connection between the
plaintiff and the defendant’s goods, and accordingly, that there can be no
basis for asserting that the plaintiff or its predecessors has merely
conferred a trade mark licence on the defendant.

**_Relevance of manufacturing rights_**

69 I turn now to the plaintiff’s further submission – that the plaintiff’s
right to _make_ the relevant products under the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in
Singapore, coupled with the defendant’s _lack_ of such right, is a decisive
factor ineluctably demonstrating the _exclusive_ proprietorship that the
plaintiff has over the mark.

70 The plaintiff takes the view that the right to manufacture under the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore is crucial to the finding of proprietorship of that
mark, and consequently, the right to register that mark. In _Gromax
Plasticulture_ (at [48] _supra_), however, Lindsay J, in finding that a non-
manufacturer could have the right to register a trade mark, remarked
perceptively at 380:

… _[I]t is not a requirement that a mark on goods should invariably denote the
manufacturer of them_. It has been common enough, especially while, for
example, Far Eastern labour costs have been lower than those here, for
manufacturers to establish a mark in the market only later to find it is more
economical or profitable for them to give up manufacture themselves but to
have the goods instead made elsewhere under their control or to their
specification.

[emphasis added]

71 I agree. The _fact_ of manufacture is often irrelevant in assessing the
rights of registration to a trade mark; _a fortiori_ the _place_ of
manufacture is also normally irrelevant. If it is not a requirement that a
trade mark denotes the manufacturer of the goods on which it is affixed, then
how can it be said that the right to register a trade mark is circumscribed or
conferred by the right to manufacture in the place of registration _per se_?
Conversely, how can it be said that the _absence_ of the right to manufacture
in a particular place _in itself_ deprives a party of the right to register a
trade mark?

72 Admittedly, Lindsay J’s comments in _Gromax Plasticulture_ in [70] above
were made in respect of a registrant who _chose_ not to manufacture in the
place of registration of the trade mark. Nonetheless, I am of the view that
they should apply equally to a registrant who is contractually _restrained_
from manufacturing there. This is derived from my understanding of the
principles underpinning the trade mark regime: see [36] to [45] _supra_.

73 In _Tan Tee Jim_ (at [48] _supra)_ , the underlying rationale of trade mark
protection has been helpfully summarised at p 1:

… [A] trade mark acts as a badge of origin or source to the consumer,
conveying an underlying message concerning the quality and other desirable
characteristics of the goods or services in question. It in effect offers a
guarantee to the consumer that the goods or services emanate from the same
source or are of the same or equal quality as those that he had used or
experienced before.

Reference may also be made again to the observations of Laddie J in
_Dowelhurst (No_  _2)_ set out in [43] above. Nowhere in these two references
are the manufacturing rights mentioned. It is not surprising that Mr Ravindran
has also been unable to draw to my attention any authority endorsing the
proposition that a trade mark serves to indicate the _place of manufacture_ of
goods or services. Manufacturing rights are clearly quite _irrelevant_ to the
purposes that a trade mark serves. As such, since the trade mark register must
protect the public against deception by only keeping on record trade marks
_that serve their function_ (see [40] to [41] _supra_), the absence of any
manufacturing rights in, or change of any place of manufacture from, the place
of registration should _not_ be a basis to refuse to register or remove a
trade mark from the register. It is not the essence of trade mark registration
for the registrant to have the right to manufacture in the place of
registration. So long as the registrant has a legitimate right to _use_ that
mark in the place of registration in respect of its goods and services (and
save in the case of trade mark licensees which is not presently applicable
(see [63]-[68] _supra_)) then that registrant should _prima facie_ have the
right to register the mark.

74 In the present case, the defendant is in fact the manufacturer of the
relevant products sold in Singapore under the ‘WARMAN’ mark and the ‘WARMAN’
marked goods do in fact originate from it; it is simply that the defendant
must manufacture only in Africa. I am not convinced that this in itself
deprives the defendant of its right to register the ‘WARMAN’ mark in
Singapore. The plaintiff contends that if the defendant cannot manufacture
goods under the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore, it should not be possible for it
to stop others from so manufacturing by virtue of its trade mark registration,
and therefore, the defendant should not have the right to register the trade
mark in the first place. I, however, adopt the contrary view. Even if the
defendant, as a registered proprietor of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark, does not
have the right to manufacture goods under that mark in Singapore, the right to
prevent others from doing so is nevertheless consistent with the function of a
trade mark – that is, as a _badge of origin_. The defendant should be able to
prevent others from manufacturing under that trade mark as such manufacture by
a third party will be likely to cause confusion between the defendant’s and
that third party’s goods. The fact that the defendant (or the plaintiff
itself) may not manufacture in Singapore does not change this – the trade mark
should signify that the goods bearing that mark originated from it, _wherever
manufactured_ ; and either of them should be able to protect itself against
_any_ use of that trade mark by other parties which could erode that
connection. Hence, I am of the view that the absence of a right to manufacture
under a particular trade mark in the intended place of registration does not
in itself necessarily preclude the right to register that mark.

**_Prior use_**

75 On the issue of proprietorship of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark, the plaintiff
had argued, in the alternative, that the agreements between the parties were
_silent_ about the right to register the trade mark in Non-Exclusive
Territories, and hence, the plaintiff should be recognised as the _common law_
proprietor of the mark in Singapore by virtue of its prior use of the mark
here.

76 The proposition that the first user of the mark in Singapore is the true
owner of the mark is acknowledged in _‘DALIC’ Trade Mark; Sifco Industries Inc
v Dalic SA_ [1998] 2 SLR 231. In that case, Lim Teong Qwee JC held at 236:

… in the case of a used trade mark the proprietor is the person who first used
it in relation to goods or services for the purpose stated in the definition
of ‘trade mark’ under the Act.

He endorsed Morrit LJ’s statement in the English case of _Al Bassam Trade
Mark_ [1995] RPC 511, 525 at 241:

The statutory right to registration is given to he who is the proprietor.
Proprietorship depends on use in the case of a used mark and the right to the
unregistered mark cannot be assigned separately from the associated goodwill.

77 This correctly states the position at common law. However, the common law
position on the proprietorship of a trade mark is merely the default position
that applies in the absence of any contractual agreements between parties
assigning or stipulating for the right to register a trade mark. This is in
fact acknowledged by the plaintiff itself in its further written submissions
of 2 February 2007 where it states at para 4:

In order for the Defendant to dislodge the Plaintiff’s claim to proprietorship
of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore in 1996 by virtue of use, the Defendant has
to prove that the Agreements stipulate either expressly or implicitly that
both parties are entitled to register the trade mark in Singapore … .

78 As I have interpreted the 1971 Agreement as having implicitly according
_both_ the plaintiff and the defendant the right to register the ‘WARMAN’
trade mark in Non-Exclusive Territories (see [53]-[62] _supra_), the defendant
was entitled to ‘dislodge’ the plaintiff’s claim of common law proprietorship
based on prior use. There is, therefore, no further necessity to dwell on the
issue of prior use.

**_Provision for the co-ownership of trade marks in the TMA_**

79 Finally, before I leave the issue of proprietorship, it is pertinent to
note that the TMA itself provides specifically for the co-ownership of
registered trade marks. This is set out in s 37 of the TMA (modelled on s 23
of the English Trade Marks Act 1994) and reads in full as follows:

(1) Where a registered trade mark is granted to 2 or more persons jointly,
each of them is entitled, subject to any agreement to the contrary, to an
equal undivided share in the registered trade mark.

(2) Subsections (3) to (8) apply where 2 or more persons are co-proprietors of
a registered trade mark, by virtue of subsection (1) or otherwise.

(3) Subject to any agreement to the contrary, each co-proprietor is entitled,
by himself or his agents, to do for his own benefit and without the consent of
or the need to account to the other or others, any act which would otherwise
amount to an infringement of the registered trade mark.

(4) One co-proprietor may not, without the consent of the other or others –

(a) grant a licence to use the registered trade mark; or

(b) assign or charge his share in the registered trade mark.

(5) Infringement proceedings may be brought by any co-proprietor but he may
not, without the leave of the Court, proceed with the action unless the other,
or each of the others, is either joined as a plaintiff or added as a
defendant.

(6) A co-proprietor who is added as a defendant under subsection (5) shall not
be made liable for any costs in the action unless he takes part in the
proceedings.

(7) Nothing in subsection (5) shall affect the granting of interlocutory
relief on the application of a single co-proprietor.

(8) Nothing in this section affects the mutual rights and obligations of
trustees or personal representatives, or their rights and obligations as such.

80 This section regulates the situation which the Agreements seem to envisage.
Where _both_ the plaintiff and the defendant have the right to register a
trade mark in Singapore, s 37(1) of the TMA allows each to be registered and
entitled to an equal undivided share in the registered trade mark, subject to
any agreement to the contrary. In the _Butterworths’ Statutes_ ([65] _supra_)
at p 117, this share in the trade mark is described as being akin to the right
of joint tenants as opposed to tenants in common. This equal and undivided
share seems to be contemplated by the Agreements as they provide for the right
of both plaintiff and defendant to use the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Non-Exclusive
Territories. Where one party has registered the mark in Singapore, and the
other subsequently seeks registration, it accords with the Agreements, as I
have construed them, that the later registration does not diminish the rights
of the earlier registrant in the registered trade mark. The rights are not
_divided_ ; instead, _both_ parties now have the _same_ rights in _full_.

81 In addition, it bears emphasis that s 37(3) of the TMA gives registered co-
owners of a trade mark significant powers to act and deal with their
registered marks without the need to consult and seek the consent of the other
co-owners. Indeed, this subsection aptly illustrates the entire relationship
between the plaintiff and the defendant in respect of the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark
in the Non-Exclusive Territories. As is apparent from the discussion above at
[63] to [68], neither party is a trade mark licensee of the other since a
supervisory or control relationship is conspicuously absent. In contrast, any
use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark by either party would be self-interested, independent
and autonomous; as such, this arrangement appears to be congruent with rights
conferred by s 37(3).

82 Finally, the provisions on infringement proceedings in s 37 of the TMA are
significant. The basic principle is that co-owners can initiate action without
the consent of the other co-owners, but the former must add the latter as
defendants or plaintiffs if the infringement action is to be proceeded with.
The main reason for joining all the co-owners to the action is explained in
the _Butterworths’ Statutes_ (at [65] _supra_) at p 118 as:

The main reasons why all the co-owners must be joined to the action is to
ensure that they have notice of the same and all the issues are resolved once
and for all and a defendant does not subsequently have to face a suit by
another co-owner. Leave may be given by the Court so that the co-owners are
not added to the action but this would be rarely done. A reluctant co-owner
can be added as a defendant and he will not be liable for costs if he does not
take part in the proceedings.

Thus, co-owners of a registered trade mark are _each_ given the right to
_protect_ their mark, much like the respective rights of the plaintiff and
defendant to protect the ‘WARMAN’ mark in a manner that corresponds to their
respective rights to use that mark. The only necessary involvement of an
indifferent co-owner in infringement proceedings brought by the other co-owner
is for the former to be joined to the action so that notice of the proceedings
is received; the joined co-owner may in fact choose not to take part in the
proceedings at all without any adverse consequences. This independent right to
institute infringement proceedings seems to be in harmony with the right to
protect the ‘WARMAN’ mark in the Non-Exclusive Territories that the Agreements
conferred on the parties.

83 Indeed, the very existence of s 37 of the TMA lends support to the
implication of a term in the Agreements between the parties to the effect that
_both_ the plaintiff and the defendant have the right to register the ‘WARMAN’
mark in the Non-Exclusive Territories, and in particular, in Singapore. Not
only are there no legislative obstacles against such an implication, s 37 of
the TMA in fact provides for such a situation. This further bolsters my view
that the term implied into the agreements is commercially viable and is both
apt and necessary to give effect to business efficacy to the intent of the
1971 Agreement.

An additional duty to disclose?

84 Having found that the defendant did have a right to register the ‘WARMAN’
trade mark in Singapore, the question is then whether on the present facts,
this is sufficient to negate any bad faith on the part of the defendant in
registration. The test for bad faith has been discussed above at [48] and it
appears _prima facie_ correct (see [49] _supra_) that where a registrant of a
trade mark has proprietorship of that trade mark, the registration of that
trade mark should be deemed acceptable commercial behaviour for the purposes
of the bad faith test. However, in the local High Court case of _Maycolson_
(at [48] _supra_), it was suggested that the imposition of a duty to inquire
is wholly consistent with the trend in case law development regarding the test
for bad faith in s 7(6) of the TMA (at p 561). Does this duty to inquire then
translate to a duty to _disclose_ in the present case? In other words, did the
defendant have a duty to disclose to the Registrar of Trade Marks their
contractual relationship with the plaintiff at the time of registration of the
‘WARMAN’ mark? And did the failure to disclose constitute a finding of bad
faith on the part of the defendant?

85 To understand the ambit and boundaries of this “duty to inquire”, it would
be appropriate to examine the facts and reasoning in _Maycolson_ (at [48
_supra_].

86 In that case, the applicant was the registered proprietor in Singapore of
numerous trade marks for cigarettes. The respondent was the licensee of Axel
and Klaus Hertlein (“the Hertlein brothers”) and the distributor of
“Fairlight” cigarettes in various Arab countries and East Africa. The
respondent filed an application to register the “Fairlight” trade mark in
Singapore and this was accepted by the Registrar of Trade Marks. The applicant
commenced opposition proceedings, alleging, _inter alia_ , bad faith under s
7(6) of the TMA. As at the date of the proceedings, “Fairlight” cigarettes had
not been sold in Singapore and there was a long-standing saga between the
applicant and the Hertlein brothers who had been embroiled in a bitter fight
over the latter’s use of the “Fairlight” mark. The Hertlein brothers were, at
that time, subject to a Europe-wide injunction which prevented them from using
the “Fairlight” mark or packaging; this injunction only applied to a mark that
was not identical to the respondent’s mark in _Maycolson_. However, the
applicant was also concurrently involved in litigation against the Hertlein
brothers in Austria where the applicant alleged that despite the variation of
the “Fairlight” mark used by the Hertlein brothers, the terms of the Europe-
wide injunction had nevertheless been flouted because of the similarities
between the varied “Fairlight” mark and the mark embraced by the injunction.

87 In the prevailing circumstances, Lai Siu Chiu J in _Maycolson_ (at [48]
_supra_) held that the respondent clearly had a duty to inquire into the
origins of the “Fairlight” mark and the intentions of the Hertlein brothers,
from whom they purportedly derived the license, particularly since the use of
similar marks had been persistently plagued by litigation overseas. In
arriving at this determination, Lai J felt that policy considerations dictated
that due regard must be given to the outcome of overseas proceedings, and
registrants cannot with impunity ignore foreign proceedings in seeking
registration of questionable marks. She stated at p 562, [35]:

The Respondent’s failure to [inquire] was akin to wilful blindness, and
indicated bad faith because honest people would not deliberately close their
eyes and ears and refrain from asking questions, lest they obtain information
they would rather not know … .

88 It was in that factual matrix that a duty to inquire was imposed on the
respondent. The facts of the present case are markedly different. Here, there
is no purported ignorance of any problem surrounding the ‘WARMAN’ mark on the
part of the defendant. The pending invalidation proceedings instituted by the
plaintiff in Israel and Jordan (see [21] _supra_) did not, as in _Maycolson_ ,
result in injunctions against the registration and use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark by
the defendant. Further, there is also no question of wilful blindness in
relation to the plaintiff’s right to register – the defendant knew of the
plaintiff’s right, and has never denied it. The defendant is, instead,
contending that it too has an equal and concurrent right to register. Mr
Ravindran drew my attention to an exchange of letters evidencing that the
defendant had written to the plaintiff on 12 January 1995 to formalise the
trade mark registration arrangements in the Non-Exclusive Territories to which
the plaintiff had replied on 9 May 1995 (“plaintiff’s reply of 9 May 1995”),
categorically objecting to the defendant’s proposal to use the ‘WARMAN’ trade
mark in the Non-Exclusive Territories. He contends that this exchange of
letters reflected bad faith on the part of the defendant as the defendant had
filed for registration of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore _notwithstanding
notice of the express objection of the plaintiff_. With respect, this is not
the nub of the issue. I have found that the defendant did have a _contractual
right_ , albeit implied, to register the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark, and it _matters
not_ that the plaintiff has objected to the defendant’s registration of the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Non-Exclusive Territories. As such, it surely cannot amount
to bad faith for the defendant to have proceeded with its trade mark
registration in Singapore because the plaintiff’s objections cannot have
detracted from the defendant’s contractually derived rights to register the
mark. In such a case, there is no issue of a duty to inquire, as there is
_nothing_ to inquire. The defendant does not deny knowledge of any material
fact – it knows of the plaintiff’s objections; it merely asserts its
_entitlement_ to register _despite these objections_. Is there, then, a duty
to _disclose_ what the defendant _does_ know – in particular, the plaintiff’s
objections or the plaintiff’s equal contractual right to register? I think
not.

89 The duty to inquire in _Maycolson_ only arose in relation to a registrant
feigning ignorance of facts that would have negated its right to register. In
contrast, where one does not deny awareness of material facts surrounding the
registration of a trade mark, and relies instead on an independent _right_ to
register, as in the present case, there should not be any basis for creating a
broad and general ‘duty to disclose’ on the registrant. Such a duty, besides
being difficult to define, would create uncertainty as to the relevant
circumstances that must be disclosed on registration. Thus, so long as the
facts and circumstances required by the trade mark registration form are
disclosed fully and accurately, and _where one has the right to register the
trade mark_ , it goes too far, in my opinion, to require the registrant to
additionally disclose any other circumstances that may be relevant. I am aware
that the defendant had not disclosed, in its application to register, the
plaintiff’s objection to the defendant’s registration of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in
Non-Exclusive Territories, as evidenced by the plaintiff’s reply of 9 May 1995
(see [88] _supra_). I am, however, unable to agree with the plaintiff that
this failure to disclose _per se_ amounts to bad faith. The plaintiff’s
objections did not affect the defendant’s right to register the ‘WARMAN’ mark
conferred by the Agreements. Aside from the fact that there is no broad duty
to disclose imposed on a registrant, the plaintiff’s objections do not
constitute _relevant_ circumstances mandating disclosure. It was unnecessary
for the defendant to point out in its application that the plaintiff was
similarly entitled to claim proprietorship. This could unnecessarily
complicate and delay the registration process. The defendant may well register
in a Non-Exclusive Territory in which the plaintiff has no prospective
interest. Such disclosure would therefore not invariably be expected by
‘reasonable and experienced men in the trade’ according to their standards of
‘acceptable commercial behaviour’ (see [48] _supra_). Instead, it should be up
to the party who seeks registration at a later date to tender contractual
evidence of an agreement to persuade the Registrar of Trade Marks to permit
dual registration of a registered trade mark.

90 I am therefore of the view that there was no additional duty to disclose
imposed on the defendant at the material time given that the defendant has the
right to register the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Singapore. In the result, I must
conclude that there is no evidence of bad faith on the part of the defendant
that could justify the invalidation of its trade mark registration under s
23(1) read with s 7(6) of the TMA.

Fraud or misrepresentation

91 The plaintiff further contends that the defendant’s registration of the
‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Singapore should be invalidated on grounds of fraud or
misrepresentation pursuant to s 23(4) of the TMA. Having found that the
defendant has a contractual right under the 1971 Agreement to register the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Non-Exclusive Territories, this contention can be shortly
disposed of.

92 A registration made under fraud or with misrepresentation is one that
succeeds only on the strength of an untrue statement made by the registrant.
In _National Diaries Ltd v Xie Chun Trading Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 620, it was
held that the registered proprietor had obtained registration by fraud in that
they claimed to be the proprietors of the mark when in fact they were simply
the sole agents for products sold under the mark and manufactured in
Australia. Further, in _Yomeishu Seizo Co Ltd & Anor v Sinma Medical Products
(S) Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 499, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) found that
there was a serious issue of fraud in relation to the registration of the
trade mark ‘Yomeishu’ together with the Chinese characters. There was
endorsement during advertisement that the mark had no meaning and the mark had
proceeded to registration on the strength of a UK registration which had an
identical endorsement. However, an expert in Chinese language subsequently
gave evidence to say that the Chinese characters meant ‘the kind of wine that
is tonic, nourishing and good for health’. The learned judge concluded that
the UK Registry would never have accepted registration of the mark if they
knew its meaning. Both these cases involve some form of _untrue_
representation and the consequential reliance on that representation by the
Registrar of Trade Marks in accepting the registrant’s application.

93 In the present case, there was no untrue representation on the part of the
defendant – the defendant represented that it had the right to register the
‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore, and it does indeed have such right. The plaintiff
argues that the defendant misrepresented its trading nature in the application
form for the registration of the ‘WARMAN’ mark when it described itself as
‘manufacturers and merchants’ _vis-à-vis_ its use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in
Singapore; by describing itself as ‘manufacturers’, the defendant was
representing to the Registrar of Trade Marks as well as the trade and the
public that it had the right to manufacture pumps and pump parts in
_Singapore_ and that was untrue. I am not persuaded that this description by
the defendant can be construed as misrepresentation. The defendant _was_ in
fact the manufacturer of the goods sold under the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore;
it was simply that the manufacturing was carried out in Africa instead of
locally. This does not detract from the truth of the representation by the
defendant that it was a manufacturer _vis-à-vis_ the goods sold under the mark
in Singapore. There has also been no misrepresentation by an omission to state
that it was restrained from manufacturing in Singapore, as diffidently
suggested by the plaintiff. The requirement that a registrant states its
trading nature on the application form stems from the need to ensure that
there is a relevant trade connection between the registrant and the trade mark
so as to ensure, in turn, that the mark serves its function as a badge of
origin. It is therefore unnecessary to additionally specify the _place_ of
manufacture or any restraints pertaining to it in order to satisfy the
Registrar of Trade Marks (see discussion on the relevance of manufacturing
rights at [69]-[74] _supra_). It follows that the omission by the defendant to
state the manufacturing restraints it was contractually fettered by in
describing its trading nature is not a material omission that can amount to a
misrepresentation.

94 In the light of these reasons, the defendant’s registration cannot be said
to have been obtained by fraud or misrepresentation. The application to
invalidate the Trade Marks on this ground must also be dismissed.

Revocation of the Trade Marks

95 The plaintiff seeks to revoke the Trade Marks pursuant to s 22(1)(a) of the
TMA. Section 22(1)(a) provides:

(1) The registration of a trade mark may be revoked on any of the following
grounds:

(a) that, within the period of 5 years following the date of completion of the
registration procedure, it has not been put to _genuine use_ in the course of
trade in Singapore, by the proprietor or with his consent, in relation to the
goods or services for which it is registered, _and there are no proper reasons
for non-use_ ;

[emphasis added]

**_The relevant period_**

96 Sections 22(3) and (4) of the TMA explain the relevant period in which the
non-use must occur in order for the court to revoke a trade mark pursuant to s
22(1). They state as follows:

(3) The registration of a trade mark shall not be revoked on the ground
mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) if such use as is referred
to in that paragraph is commenced or resumed after the expiry of the 5 year
period and before the application for revocation is made.

(4) Any commencement or resumption of use referred to in subsection (3) after
the expiry of the 5 year period but within the period of 3 months before the
making of the application for revocation shall be disregarded unless
preparations for the commencement or resumption began before the proprietor
became aware that the application might be made.

Since the application to revoke was made by the plaintiff on 8 March 2006, the
five-year period in which use of the mark must be examined is from 8 December
2000 to 8 December 2005 (“the relevant period”). Only evidence of use during
this relevant period will constitute use for the purposes of opposing an
application for revocation. This is undisputed between the parties.

**_The trade marks registered under Class 37 and 42_**

97 Mr Dedar Singh has candidly conceded that there is no evidence of the
defendant’s use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Class 37 and 42. The question that
arises is whether the court nevertheless has the discretion to decline
revoking these marks. Belinda Ang J held in _Reemtsma Cigarttenfabriken GmbH v
Hugo Boss AG (No_  _2)_ [2003] 4 SLR 155 that there is no such discretion. She
was of the view that the word ‘may’ used in s 22(1) of the TMA empowered the
court to revoke a registration on any of the grounds satisfied; it cannot make
an order, if the requirements of s 22(1) are not satisfied. However, the fact
that the word ‘may’ is sometimes employed as an empowering term does not mean
that it confers a discretion on the part of the court to maintain the ‘mark’,
if the grounds for revocation have been satisfied. Ang J succinctly explained
at pp 162-163, [30]:

In my view, the court (or Registrar) does not have a discretion under s 22 to
maintain a mark on the register when grounds for revocation have been
established, whether in relation to all, or some, of the goods for which it is
registered. Once the requirements are satisfied, the court (or Registrar) is
obliged to exercise the power one way. Whether the subsection is proved or not
is a question of judgment not discretion. As Neuberger J in [_Premier Brands
UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe Ltd_ [2000] FSR 767] said at 811:

[I]t does seem to me somewhat odd if the legislature has specifically provided
for no revocation in the event of there being good reason for the non-use, but
nonetheless has left the Court with a residual discretion, particularly
without giving any indication as to what factors should be taken into account
when exercising that discretion.

She then added at p 163, [34], that since the function of a trade mark was to
give a proprietor a monopoly when his trade mark is used, there cannot be any
discretion to sanction the retention of the mark once the grounds are
established. If such mark has not been used or if there was no genuine
intention to use it, it must be revoked.

98 I agree with Ang J that the statutory directive to rescind a trade mark if
and when the requirements stipulated by s 22(1) are satisfied is not
discretionary. Indeed, as the purpose of trade mark registration is to ensure
an accurate record of trade marks to serve, _inter alia_ , as notice to rival
traders that the registered mark is in use, any lack of _bona fide_ use or
intention to use evidenced by non-use during the relevant period must
necessarily result in the removal of that trade mark from the register. Since
non-use has been established in the present case with respect to Class 37 and
42, there is no discretion to allow the ‘WARMAN’ mark registered by the
defendant to remain on the register for these categories. Accordingly, I
revoke the defendant’s registration of the ‘WARMAN’ mark under Class 37 and
42. The true dispute in relation to the revocation of the Trade Marks is
therefore really a very narrow one, pertaining only to the trade mark
registered in Class 7.

**_Genuine use_**

99 I turn now to examine whether the use by the defendant of the ‘WARMAN’ mark
in respect of Class 7 goods (see [24]-[30] _supra_) constitutes genuine use
that would suffice to prevent the revocation of the mark under s 22(1) of the
TMA. It must be noted at the outset that this requirement of ‘genuine use’ is
closely intertwined with the function of a trade mark and the purpose of
registration (see [39] to [44] _supra_). A trade mark serves to indicate the
source of the goods to which it is affixed and registration facilitates and
protects this function of the trade mark. There must be genuine use of the
trade mark before its function is served and protection by registration is
justified. Further, as the register also serves as a notice to rival traders
of trade marks that were already in use, to allow a mark that is not _bona
fide_ in use to remain on the register would be deceptive and could permit the
registered proprietor to unfairly hijack or usurp a mark and/or monopolise it
to the exclusion of other legitimate users. These considerations underpinning
the need for ‘genuine use’ of a registered trade mark must be borne in mind
when assessing an application for revocation.

100 The European Court of Justice in _Ansul BV v Ajax Brandbeveiliging BV_
[2003] RPC 717, determined that use does not have to be quantitatively
significant to be genuine, provided it is sufficient to create or maintain
market share in the goods or services concerned. This is to be distinguished
from token use which is intended merely to preserve the validity of a trade
mark or use which is internal to the proprietor (see also _Tan Tee Jim_ ([48]
_supra_)). Similarly, the English Court of Appeal held in _Laboratoires Goemar
SA v La Mer Technology Inc_ [2005] EWCA CIV 978 (“ _Laboratoire de la Mer_ ”)
that ‘genuine use’ did not have to be substantial or significant, although the
more limited the use of the mark in terms of the person or persons to whom it
is communicated, the more doubts are raised as to whether the use is genuine
as opposed to token. It noted at [48]:

… [T]he more limited the use of the mark in terms of the person or persons to
whom it is communicated, the more doubtful any tribunal may be as to whether
the use is genuine as opposed to token. However, once the mark is communicated
to a third party in such a way as can be said to be “consistent with the
essential function of a trademark”… it appears to me that genuine use… will be
established.

101 Evidence of use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark by the defendant in relation to pump
parts consists of three sales transactions, three e-mail enquiries from
Singapore companies to the defendant regarding ‘WARMAN’ pump parts, as well as
a fax sent by the defendant to a potential customer for pump parts:
see[25]-[27] _supra_. On the basis of what appears to be the settled view of
the elements of ‘genuine use’, I am of the view that the adduced evidence of
use, in particular, the three sales transactions made by the defendant in
relation to pump parts, is indeed just barely sufficient to constitute
‘genuine use’ for the purposes of s 22(1) of the TMA. In adopting this view, I
have found helpful the observations of Chao Hick Tin JA, made in the Court of
Appeal decision in _Nike International Ltd v Campomar_ SL [2006] 1 SLR 919 (“
_Nike International_ ”). He had stated at p 924, [15]:

The essential standard of proof required to defeat a revocation application is
to show a genuine use of the mark during the relevant five-year period. _One
single use of the mark could satisfy the test_ provided that overwhelmingly
convincing proof of the act is adduced.

[emphasis added]

102 In _Nike International_ , the purported use of the mark consisted of a
single sale transaction. The Court of Appeal, however, in that case rejected
that claim as ‘genuine use’ _only_ because “ _not a single piece of evidence”
from Singapore was produced_ and the court was not satisfied that the evidence
that was adduced was ‘overwhelmingly convincing’. The registered proprietor of
the mark did not adduce any evidence of receipt of payment for the goods, nor
were documents adduced in relation to the goods’ arrival in Singapore. In
contrast, in the present case, the sales transactions of ‘WARMAN’ pump parts
were amply evidenced by documents showing, _inter alia_ , the quotation, the
purchase order, the shipping and documentation instructions, the arrangements
for delivery of the goods _to Singapore_ , the shipment bill showing a
_Singapore delivery address_ and the invoice. This appears to me to be
‘overwhelmingly convincing proof of the act [of sales]’. As it cannot be
seriously contended that the evidence of the sales is merely ‘token’ or purely
engineered to preserve the validity of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in respect of pump
parts, I determine that there is indeed genuine use of the mark by the
defendant in relation to pump parts.

103 On the other hand, no sales were made in respect of ‘WARMAN’ marked pumps
during the relevant period. The evidence of use adduced by the defendant
merely demonstrated the “use” of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in a fax by the defendant
to a potential customer regarding ‘WARMAN’ pumps, three e-mail enquiries to
the defendant from Singapore companies enquiring about such pumps, and the
meeting held on 12 November 2001 in Singapore with Hytrade, a Singapore
business (“the Hytrade meeting”), discussing, _inter alia_ , the supply of
‘WARMAN’ pumps as well as the promotion of ‘WARMAN’ pumps to the mining
community and consultants in Singapore: see [28]-[30] _supra_.

104 It is, however, pertinent to note that it now seems fairly settled that
genuine use can be established even if there is no evidence of actual sales
being made. This has been declared to be the position by the English courts in
both _ELLE Trade Marks_ [1997] FSR 529 and _Floris Trade Mark_ [2001] RPC 329
(“ _Floris_ ”). In the former case, the court adopted the view that the offer
for sale of cosmetics branded ‘ELLE’ in the United Kingdom through foreign
editions of the plaintiff’s magazine could qualify as genuine use for the
purposes of the s 46 of the English Trade Marks Act 1994 (our equivalent of s
22(1) of the TMA), notwithstanding that there was no evidence of actual sales
during the relevant period. This stance was reiterated in _Floris_ , where the
court stated at p 333:

Under reference to the case of _HERMES Trade Mark_ [1982] R.P.C. 425 and the
judgment of Lloyd J., the hearing officer’s view was that just as under the
old law, under the new law, _use could be established even if there was no
evidence of actual sales being made during the relevant five-year period but
where there was at least evidence that the mark had been used in respect of
goods which were offered for sale during that period_. Once again I consider
that this is a correct approach to the present law.

[emphasis added]

105 Given the congruence between the United Kingdom and Singapore statutory
matrices on this particular issue as well as the persuasive logic of this
approach, I am of the view that this is also the preferred approach to apply
in Singapore. If this approach were to be applied to Singapore, it is clear
that the fact that the defendant can adduce no evidence of sales of ‘WARMAN’
marked pumps is _per se_ not an insurmountable obstacle to establishing
genuine use for the purposes of s 22(1) of the TMA. The real issue then is
really whether the evidence adduced is sufficient to establish such use.

106 In _800-Flowers Trade Mark_ [2002] FSR 12 at 191, Jonathan Parker LJ
discussed the offer of goods under a trade mark on an Internet website. He
stated at p 220:

There is something inherently unrealistic in saying that A “uses” his mark in
the United Kingdom when all that he does is to place the mark on the Internet,
from a location outside the United Kingdom, and simply wait in the hope that
someone from the United Kingdom will download it and thereby create use on the
part of A.

He added further on the same page:

… _[T]he very idea of “use” within a certain area would seem to require some
active step in that area on the part of the user that goes beyond providing
facilities that enable others to bring the mark into the area_. _Of course, if
persons in the United Kingdom seek the mark on the Internet in response to
direct encouragement or advertisement by the owner of the mark, the position
may be different; but in such a case the advertisement or encouragement in
itself is likely to suffice to establish the necessary use_.

[emphasis added]

This succinct summary of the English position is persuasively logical and
ought to be followed in Singapore.

107 I turn to the facts. The three e-mail enquiries received by the defendant
from Singapore companies _pursuant to information on the defendant’s Internet
website_ should be assessed in the light of the requirement for an ‘active
step’ in Singapore. If the evidence of use adduced by the defendant consisted
_only_ of the e-mail enquiries, I would be quite reluctant to regard that as
sufficient and genuine use for the purposes of s 22(1) of the TMA. As Jonathan
Parker LJ stated, there must be some additional _active step_ by the defendant
in Singapore that goes beyond simply placing the offer of ‘WARMAN’ marked
pumps on its Internet website and waiting in the hope that someone from
Singapore will enquire about these pumps.

108 However, in the present case, the evidence adduced by the defendant also
includes a fax written by the defendant and addressed to a Singapore company,
offering the sale of various ‘WARMAN’ pumps, and a report of the Hytrade
meeting. As such, there appears to be additional evidence of use that is
likely to constitute that requisite ‘active step’ in Singapore proceeding
beyond merely placing the ‘WARMAN’ mark with respect to pumps on the Internet
and facilitating or inviting access and/or enquiries from parties in
Singapore.

109 From the report on the Hytrade meeting, it seems that Hytrade may be a
dealer or agent of pumps (as opposed to a consumer or end-user). In this
respect, I refer to the decision in _Laboratoire de la Mer_ (at [100] _supra_)
where the court held that the use of the mark need not pertain to the ultimate
consumers of the goods for such use to constitute ‘genuine use’. Once the mark
was communicated to a third party in such a way as can be said to be
‘consistent with the essential function of a trade mark’ (_ie_ , as a badge of
origin), that would be ‘genuine use’ for the purposes of revocation: see [48]
of the case, reproduced in [100] above. That case concerned a wholesale
purchaser of goods bearing a particular trade mark and it was held that such a
party will, at least on the face of it, be relying upon the mark as a badge of
origin just as much as a consumer who purchases such goods from a wholesaler.
Similarly, in the present case, it should not matter one iota whether Hytrade
is a potential dealer or agent seeking the supply of ‘WARMAN’ pumps in
Singapore. Hytrade would be relying upon the ‘WARMAN’ mark as a badge of
origin when entering into the discussions to purchase the ‘WARMAN’ pumps and
to promote ‘WARMAN’ pumps to various mining houses and consultants in
Singapore. The communication relating to the ‘WARMAN’ mark on pumps during the
Hytrade meeting is therefore consistent with the essential function of a trade
mark and can constitute genuine use for the purposes of s 22(1) of the TMA.

110 Consequently, I find that there is indeed genuine use by the defendant of
the ‘WARMAN’ mark in relation to both pumps and pump parts for the purposes of
s 22(1) of the TMA.

**_Partial revocation_**

111 I must observe, however, that as within Class 7, the defendant is only
able to adduce evidence of use in relation to pumps and pump parts. Class 7
involves, however, a wider range of goods, including milling equipment and
valves (see [2](a) _supra_), for which the defendant has not shown any use of
the ‘WARMAN’ mark. Section 22(6) of the TMA permits, indeed mandates, partial
revocation of a registered trade mark in these circumstances:

Where grounds for revocation exist in respect of only some of the goods or
services for which the trade mark is registered, revocation _shall_ relate to
those goods or services only.

[emphasis added]

112 The approach in the United Kingdom toward partial revocation is that it is
open to the court (or Registrar) to require the specification of goods or
services to be re-written in order to achieve the required degree of
revocation, such that the court may ‘dig deeper’ into certain wider
specifications and insert words of limitation into the specifications (see for
example, _MINERVA Trade Mark_ [2000] FSR 734; _Decon Laboratories Ltd v Fred
Baker Scientific Ltd_ [2001] RPC 293; _Thomson Holidays Ltd v Norwegian Cruise
Line Ltd_ [2003] RPC 586). Locally, in _Bluestar Exchange (Singapore) Pte Ltd
v Teoh Keng Long (t/a Polykwan Trading Co)_ [2003] 4 SLR 92 (“ _Bluestar_ ”),
Woo Bih Li J explained that the task of the court in partial revocation was to
limit the specification so that it reflected the circumstances of the
particular trade and the way that the public would perceive its use.

113 On the facts of the present case, I find that there should be revocation
of the defendant’s registration of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Class 7 with respect
to milling equipment and valves. I do not, however, find it necessary to
insert any words of limitation to the remaining specifications namely, pumps
and pump parts, in order to further confine the defendant’s registration of
the ‘WARMAN’ mark to the particular _types_ of pump parts which the defendant
was able to adduce evidence of use for, as suggested by the plaintiff. In
_Bluestar_ , Woo J quite correctly rejected the applicant’s argument to
confine the respondent’s use of the trade mark in the category ‘knitwear’ to
the specific categories of clothes for which the mark had in fact been used.
He explained at p 108, [60]:

Having taken into account that the respondents had used the [registered trade
mark] for various kinds of clothing which could also be described as knitwear,
I was of the view that it was not in the interest of the public or the trade
to try and narrow the description of the clothing in the respondents’
classification further to those specific categories for which the [registered
trade mark] was in fact used. To do so would result in confusion and invite
litigation.

I take a similar view of the present case. To narrow the specification of
‘pump parts’ into specific _types_ of pumps for which the ‘WARMAN’ mark was in
fact used by the defendant would be unnecessarily confusing and restrictive as
well as not in the interest of the public or the trade.

Conclusion

114 On the basis of the Agreements, in particular the 1971 Agreement, I find
that _both_ the plaintiff and the defendant have concurrent implied
contractual rights to register the ‘WARMAN’ trade mark in Non-Exclusive
Territories, including Singapore. Since the defendant had an entitlement to
register the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Singapore, its subsequent registration of the
Trade Marks cannot be considered to fall short of the standards of acceptable
commercial behaviour as expected by reasonable and experienced men of the
trade. The registration of the Trade Marks cannot, also, be invalidated on the
ground of fraud or misrepresentation. I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s
application to invalidate the Trade Marks.

115 In so far as the issue of revocation is concerned, it is common ground
that there is no evidence of use of the ‘WARMAN’ mark in Class 37 and 42.
Since the court has plainly no discretion to refuse revocation of a mark once
the requirements in s 22(1) of the TMA are fulfilled, I revoke the registered
trade marks, T97/13163J and T96/05662G. For the trade mark T96/0566I
registered under Class 7, I am of the view that the evidence of use by the
defendant in relation to pumps and pump parts, while miserly, does just barely
suffice to constitute genuine use during the relevant period. However, since
the defendant has not tendered any evidence of use for the remaining
specifications of goods in Class 7, namely, milling equipment and valves, I
hereby partially revoke T96/0566I and rewrite its specification to read:
“pumps; and parts and fittings for the aforesaid goods”.

116 I will hear the parties separately on costs and any other consequential
directions.

117 It only remains for me to thank both Mr Ravindran and Mr Dedar Singh for
the admirable diligence they have so amply demonstrated in formulating and
articulating their respective arguments as well as for the even-handed manner
in which they presented and pressed their respective client’s causes.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

