Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso,
deceased) v Wiryadi Louise Maria and Others  
[2007] SGCA 43

Case Number | : | CA 111/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo SC and Jaclyn Neo (WongPartnership) and Devinder Rai and Subramanian A Pillai (ACIES Law Corporation) for the appellant; Andre Yeap SC and Adrian Wong (Rajah & Tann) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso, deceased) — Wiryadi Louise Maria; Murakami Ryuji; Sjamsjur Bahari; Murakami Ryuzo   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Counterclaims based on foreign judgment
withdrawn under court order subject to condition that no action for same cause
of action be brought in Singapore – Effect of condition – Whether condition
barring amendment to introduce counterclaims for different assets under
foreign judgment  
  
Conflict of Laws – Foreign judgments – Judgment of foreign court affecting
immovable and movable properties situated outside that country – Whether
foreign judgments in personam or in rem – Whether proceeds of sale of
immovable property personal  
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Whether place where bank account opened
considered natural forum – Whether Singapore convenient forum to decide title
to money in foreign bank account  
  
Limitation of Actions – Extension of limitation period – Acknowledgment –
Whether effective acknowledgement existing – Section 26(1) Limitation Act (Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

30 August 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal against the decision of Andrew Ang J (“the trial judge”)
in Suit No 291 of 2005 in which he allowed the first and second respondents’
application to amend their pleadings to include, _inter alia_ , counterclaims
(“the proposed counterclaims”) as well as to add one Ryuzo Murakami as the
fourth respondent to the proceedings (collectively “the Application”).

2 The present appeal is but one chapter in a long history of litigation
between the parties spanning the past 12 years in relation to the assets of
one Takashi Murakami Suroso (“the testator”) which were situated in various
parts of the world.

**Background of previous proceedings**

3 The appellant is the eldest (and adopted) daughter of the testator. The
testator had been married to the appellant’s mother up till her death in 1968.
After the death of the appellant’s mother, the testator married one Louise
Maria Wiryadi, the first respondent. This second marriage bore two children,
namely Ryuji Murakami (the second respondent) and the fourth respondent. The
third respondent is the brother-in-law of the first respondent (_ie_ , the
husband of the first respondent’s sister) but is not concerned with this
appeal.

4 On 30 July 1994, the testator and the first respondent divorced. Pursuant to
the divorce, the testator commenced ancillary proceedings in Indonesia against
the first respondent sometime in April 1995 for the division of their
matrimonial assets. However, before this issue could be resolved, the testator
died sometime in June 1996. The appellant was then appointed as the executrix
of the estate and took over conduct of the proceedings on behalf of the
testator’s estate in Indonesia. The proceedings eventually culminated with the
Supreme Court of Indonesia delivering its judgment in Judgment 203/PK/Pdt/1998
on 23 February 2000 (“Judgment 203”).

5 Under Judgment 203, the Supreme Court of Indonesia declared, _inter alia_ ,
that: (a) the will of the testator was valid; (b) the appellant had been
properly appointed as the executrix of the testator; and (c) by virtue of Art
35 of the Indonesian (Marriage) Law 1 of 174, all assets that had been
acquired during the marriage were, in law, joint assets. The joint assets that
were listed in Judgment 203 included not only 13 plots of land situated in
Indonesia but the following assets situated outside Indonesia, _viz_ :

(a) three immovable properties in Singapore (“the Singapore properties”);

(b) a house and plot of land in Tokyo (“the Japanese property”);

(c) a time deposit with Daiwa Bank Tokyo (“DT Time Deposit”);

(d) a bank account with Daiwa Bank Trust Company in New York (“Daiwa NY
Account”); and

(e) the contents of a safe deposit box with PT Daiwa Perdania Bank (“the DPB
safe deposit box”).

6 Judgment 203 also ordered that the first respondent deliver to the appellant
possession of six plots of land together with their documents of title as well
as one half of all the joint assets to the appellant. It is unnecessary to
list the details of the plots of land that were ordered to be delivered by the
first respondent: suffice it to say that they were immovable properties
situated in Indonesia that do not constitute the joint assets which the first
respondent is claiming under the proposed counterclaims.

7 On 29 April 2005, the appellant commenced the present proceedings against
the first respondent to claim recovery of not only the Singapore properties of
which the testator had been awarded a half-share under Judgment 203 and of the
income therefrom, but also various other assets of the testator that had not
been adjudicated upon under Judgment 203. The claim was made on the basis that
those other assets were held by the respondents on a constructive and/or
resulting trust for the testator for various reasons unconnected to Judgment
203. The second and third respondents were made parties to the proceedings as
recipients of the said assets on the basis that they had knowingly assisted
the first respondent to transfer the assets to themselves.

8 In the alternative, the appellant made a claim for recovery of a half-share
of the assets identified in Judgment 203 and for the full recovery of the
assets in Singapore not disclosed by the first respondent in the property
proceedings in Indonesia in Judgment 203. Finally, and in the further
alternative, the appellant made a claim for a half-share in all assets located
in Singapore.

9 It is relevant to note that Judgment 203 is only one of several court
judgments that had been given by the Indonesian courts in relation to the
rights of the parties over the testator’s assets. Of especial importance for
the purposes of the present appeal are two other decisions of the Supreme
Court of Indonesia. The first is Judgment 1265/K/Pdt/1996 dated 14 January
1998 (“Judgment 1265”), in which the Supreme Court of Indonesia held that the
second and fourth respondents were heirs of the testator, even though it
refused to grant a declaration sought by them that the testator’s will was
invalid and that they were entitled to exercise control over part of the
testator’s estate. The second is the decision of the Supreme Court of
Indonesia in Judgment 2696/Pdt/2003 dated 2 March 2005 (“Judgment 2696”),
where the court declared once more that the second and fourth respondents were
the heirs of the testator, and further ruled that they were, as heirs,
entitled under Indonesian law to a one-quarter share of the estate of the
testator, notwithstanding the existence of the will of the testator. We should
highlight that at the time of the hearing of this appeal, the latter decision
remains subject to revision by the Supreme Court of Indonesia, a point
relevant to a legal argument advanced by the appellant that we will examine
later on in this judgment.

**Proceedings in the High Court**

10 The genesis of the present appeal before us was an application by the
appellant on the first day of the trial to expunge certain parts of the
affidavit as well as the opinion of the respondents’ expert on Indonesian law
on the basis that such Indonesian law had not been pleaded and was therefore
irrelevant to the issues before the court. Rather than allowing the said
application, the trial judge stood down the application for the first and
second respondents to seek leave to file a rejoinder out of time and/or to
amend the defence as they deemed appropriate. As a result, the first and
second respondents made the Application to not only make certain amendments to
the defence but also to plead counterclaims against the appellant, _qua_
executrix, for the following reliefs:

(a) an account of assets of the testator’s estate (which included assets
listed in Judgment 203 as well as assets which, it is alleged, the testator
did not disclose to the court in those proceedings); and

(b) consequential orders that such assets be delivered to the second
respondent and the proposed fourth respondent in accordance with their
entitlements to the estate as heirs, based on Judgment 1265 and/or Judgment
2696.

In addition, as already mentioned, the respondents also applied to add the
fourth respondent as a party to the proceedings.

11 The appellant objected to the Application on various grounds that were
rejected by the trial judge for the reasons set out in his grounds of decision
in _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ [2007] 1 SLR 1119 (“the GD”). In
allowing the application, the trial judge followed the established principle
that, as a matter of law, pleadings could be amended at any stage of an action
if disallowing it “might … result in an unfair trial to the applicant seeking
the amendments if the application [were] refused”: see the GD at [10], citing
the observations of Choo Han Teck J in _Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_
[2006] SGHC 82 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”). This is a convenient stage to examine
briefly the reasons given by the trial judge for rejecting the objections of
the appellant to the Application.

**_The appellant’s first argument_**

12 The first argument advanced by the appellant was that the addition of the
proposed counterclaims pursuant to the Application would be in breach of an
order of court made earlier by the Senior Assistant Registrar (“the SAR”) in
allowing the first and second respondents to withdraw certain counterclaims
(“the original counterclaims”) against the appellant. In the original
counterclaims, the first respondent had claimed a half-share of certain but
not all assets listed in Judgment 203, _viz_ , the DT Time Deposit and the DPB
safe-deposit box. Similarly, the second respondent had claimed (on behalf of
himself and the fourth respondent, who was, at the time, not a party to the
suit) only a two-eighths share for both of the said assets and of the contents
of the DPB safe-deposit box. No claim was made by either the first or second
respondent to the money in the Daiwa NY Account.

13 The SAR, in allowing the said application, made the following order:

[T]he [first, second and third respondents] are not to bring in Singapore in
these or subsequent proceedings _any action for the same, or substantially the
same causes of action_ as those made in the Counterclaim … [emphasis added]

The said respondents did not appeal against this order which remains binding
on them.

14 The appellant argued that by reason of this order, the first and second
respondents were barred from adding the proposed counterclaims by way of the
Application as they were based on “substantially the same causes of action” as
those that had been made in the original counterclaims. The trial judge
rejected this submission and held that the SAR’s condition was only intended
to preclude the first and second respondents from advancing further claims in
Singapore against the appellant with respect to the _particular assets_
claimed under the original counterclaims. Accordingly, as the proposed
counterclaims did not encompass assets not claimed under the original
counterclaims, it was not inconsistent with the SAR’s order.

**_The appellant’s second argument_**

15 The second argument advanced by the appellant against the Application was
that as more than six years had passed since Judgment 203 had been delivered,
the first respondent’s counterclaim (which was, for all intents and purposes,
an action on a debt) was time-barred under s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed). The trial judge also rejected this argument. In his view (at
[17]), given that Judgment 203 was a “pronouncement that certain assets were
the joint property of the [first respondent] and the [testator] under
Indonesian law”, it was a judgment _in rem_ and was, accordingly, not subject
to any time bar.

**_The appellant’s third argument_**

16 The third argument of the appellant was that the first respondent’s
proposed counterclaims under the Application, in particular, the proposed
counterclaim in relation to the Japanese property and the claim for other
movables outside Indonesia, should not be allowed as enforcing those claims
would amount to a breach of the principle that a Singapore court should not
enforce a foreign judgment _in rem_ if the subject matter of the judgment was
not situated in such foreign country at the material time.

17 The trial judge rejected this argument on two grounds: first, in relation
to the Japanese property, he noted that although the courts of the state where
the immovable property was situated would be seised of exclusive jurisdiction,
such a principle would be of little applicability in the circumstances given
that the claim by the first respondent related to the _proceeds of the sale_
of such property as opposed to the _title_ to the property. Turning next to
the proposed counterclaim in relation to movable properties outside the
jurisdiction, the trial judge relied on Rule 138 as stated in _Dicey, Morris
and Collins_ _on_ _The Conflict of Laws_ , (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“
_Dicey & Morris_”) vol 2 at p 1234 and the supporting decisions cited therein,
including _Doglioni v Crispin_ (1866) LR 1 HL 301 and _In re Trufort_ (1887)
36 Ch D 600, as being determinative of the issue. Rule 138 reads as follows:

The courts of a foreign country have jurisdiction to determine the succession
to all movables wherever situated of a testator or intestate dying domiciled
in such country.

Such determination will be followed in England.

**_The appellant’s fourth argument_**

18 The appellant’s fourth argument was that the proposed amendment in relation
to the first respondent’s counterclaim _vis-à-vis_ the Daiwa NY Account should
not be granted as New York, and not Singapore, was the most appropriate forum
to determine that claim. The trial judge, whilst agreeing with the appellant
that _forum non conveniens_ was a relevant consideration in the context of an
application to amend a pleading, rejected the argument as the appellant had
adduced no evidence whatsoever to show that New York was a more convenient
forum than Singapore.

**_The appellant’s fifth argument_**

19 The appellant’s fifth argument was that, in relation to the second and
fourth respondents, the proposed counterclaims were based on a judgment, _ie_
, Judgment 2696, that was under review by the Supreme Court of Indonesia and
which was therefore not final and binding against the appellant or the
testator’s estate. The trial judge accepted the argument that, in the
circumstances, Judgment 2696 could not be regarded as final and binding and,
accordingly, it could not form the basis of the second and fourth respondents’
counterclaims. Nonetheless, he noted that the respondents’ counterclaims were
not based solely on Judgment 2696, but on Judgment 1265 as well. In this
respect, while the trial judge was of the view that Judgment 1265 could not
typically be given effect to via the usual mode of enforcement (as it was
merely declaratory in nature), he thought that it could give rise to a _res
judicata_ or to an issue estoppel. For these reasons, the trial judge also
rejected this argument.

20 Having rejected the appellant’s five arguments, the trial judge allowed the
Application, permitting the proposed amendments by the first and second
respondents to their pleadings which included the proposed counterclaims and
the addition of the fourth respondent to the proceedings. The appellant, being
dissatisfied with the decision of the trial judge, has appealed to this court.

**Issues and arguments on appeal**

21 In this appeal, the issues raised by the appellant and the arguments made
in support of her contentions were substantially the same as those that were
made before the trial judge (as elaborated upon in [12] to [19] above). We
should add that the appellant had, in fact, canvassed an additional argument
before the trial judge, namely that the Application should have been
disallowed on the further ground of inordinate delay causing the appellant
prejudice, but this was not dealt with by the trial judge in the GD.

**_Meaning of “cause of action” in the SAR’s order_**

22 The first issue that arises for our determination is the scope of the SAR’s
order, and this raises the question of whether the SAR intended to preclude
the first and second respondents from claiming other assets that were not
claimed in the original counterclaims. In our view, the answer to this
question would depend on what is meant by the words “not to bring in Singapore
… any action for the same, or substantially the same causes of action” in the
SAR’s order. The appellant’s argument is that the trial judge was wrong to
construe the phrase “causes of action” to mean a claim for specific property
or relief, and, in particular, failed to place sufficient reliance on the
existence of the words “in Singapore” in the SAR’s order, contending that such
words were intended to bar all claims under Judgment 203 from being brought in
Singapore. In support of this contention, counsel for the appellant referred
us to the observation of Diplock LJ (as he then was) in _Letang v Cooper_
[1965] 1 QB 232 at 242–243 that “[a] cause of action is simply a factual
situation the existence of which entitles one person to obtain from the court
a remedy against another person”. It was further argued that any ambiguity in
the phrase “cause of action” should be construed against the respondents as
they were the parties attempting to circumvent the condition that had been
imposed by the SAR. Reference was also made to the decision of this court in
_Lim Yong Swan v Lim Jee Tee_ [1993] 1 SLR 500 where the court concluded that
in considering whether it would be just to allow an amendment, the burden of
persuasion would lie on the party applying for leave. In this context, it was
suggested by the appellant that since the first and second respondents had
failed to discharge this burden, the Application should have failed (and this
appeal consequently allowed).

23 The respondents’ reply to this argument was that when the SAR imposed the
condition, he was only concerned with the bringing of fresh actions or claims
by the first and second respondents in relation to the assets that had been
claimed under the original counterclaims. There was no reason for the SAR to
have intended to bar their claims on assets which had not been claimed before.
In support of this argument, the respondents relied on the _dictum_ of G P
Selvam JC (as he then was) in _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd v Intraco Ltd_
[1992] 2 SLR 793, where he observed (at 801, [28]) that:

[“Cause of action”] may mean one thing for one purpose and something different
for another. _The meaning depends on the context in which it is used_.
[emphasis added]

With respect to the fourth respondent, it was pointed out that he could not be
barred by the SAR’s order from making the claims since he was not a party to
the original counterclaims.

24 In our view, the appellant’s argument has no merit for two reasons. The
first is that the appellant’s argument gives an unjustifiably narrow and
technical meaning to the phrase “cause of action” in the SAR’s order and fails
to take into account the context in which the order was made. Indeed, a
cursory reading of the order _as a whole_ indicates that when the SAR used the
words “bringing … causes of action”, he clearly meant to refer to “claims”.
Claimants bring claims, not causes of action. A cause of action forms the
legal basis of the claim. It was simply a wrong choice of words. As to the
appellant’s emphasis on the words “in Singapore”, we do not think that these
qualifying words were intended to broaden the scope of the preclusion order.
Rather, they were meant to do no more than to emphasise that the condition
applied only to the first and second respondents with respect to the same
claims being made in Singapore and not elsewhere. The reason is that the SAR’s
order was binding on the first and second respondents personally, and, if the
qualifying words were omitted, the order could leave it open to the appellant
to argue that the said respondents could not claim against the appellant with
respect to the assets, the subject matter of the original counterclaims, in
any jurisdiction. There is no reason for the SAR to regulate the parties’
disputes outside Singapore.

25 The second reason for rejecting the appellant’s construction of the SAR’s
order is that, in our view, where an order of court which seeks to bar or
limit a party from pursuing existing legal rights is ambiguous, the order
should be construed narrowly rather than broadly as existing rights should not
be allowed to be abrogated or reduced by unclear and ambiguous language. A
party who claims that a court order has abrogated the existing rights of the
other party must show from the words used by the court that that is clearly
its intention. Conversely, a party who claims that a court order has given him
certain rights against the other party must show from the words used by the
court that that is clearly its intention. In this appeal, the appellant has
failed the applicable test.

**_Are the respondents’ counterclaims under the application time-barred?_**

26 The next issue before us is whether the Limitation Act applied to bar the
respondents’ proposed counterclaims under the application. In this context,
the relevant issue would be whether Judgment 203 is a judgment _in personam_
or a judgment _in rem_ ; as mentioned above, the trial judge had decided that
the Limitation Act did not apply by virtue of his determination that Judgment
203 was a judgment _in rem_.

_The parties’ arguments_

27 Judgment 203 was delivered on 23 February 2000\. It is not a judgment that
is registrable under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap
265, 2001 Rev Ed) as that Act does not apply to Indonesian judgments. However,
it may form the basis of an action and may be sued upon under the common law.
The appellant argued that such an action was merely an action on a simple
debt, citing _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 8(3) (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed
Reissue, 2003) at para 140 and the decision of the Supreme Court of Nova
Scotia in _Pollier v Laushway_ [2006] NSJ No 215, and, as such, was subject to
s 6 of the Limitation Act which provides for a six-year limitation period.
Accordingly, as the proposed counterclaims were founded on Judgment 203, they
were time-barred as they were made only on 4 July 2006, more than six years
after the date of the judgment. The trial judge disagreed with such a
submission. As mentioned above, in his view, Judgment 203 decided that certain
assets were the joint property of the first respondent and the testator under
Indonesian law and was a judgment _in rem_ and therefore not subject to any
limitation period under the Limitation Act. In support of his holding, the
trial judge referred to _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 8(1) (Butterworths,
4th Ed Reissue, 1996) at para 1019, in which it was noted as follows:

A judgment in rem may be defined as the judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction when it determines the status of a person or thing, or the
disposition of a thing, as distinct from the _particular interest that a party
to the litigation has in it_. Thus the _judgment in rem vests in a person the
possession of or property in a thing_ or decrees the sale of a thing in
satisfaction of a claim against the thing itself, or is a judgment as to the
status of a person. [emphasis added]

28 Before us, counsel for the appellant contended that this passage did not
apply to Judgment 203 as it did not vest and did not have the effect of
vesting any property in the appellant or the respondents: indeed, if Judgment
203 had such an effect, there would have been no need for the appellant, or
indeed the first respondent, to sue on Judgment 203 to recover the assets
whether situated in Indonesia, Singapore and Australia. Instead, Judgment 203
merely decided that the matrimonial assets listed therein were the joint
property of the testator and the first respondent and ordered the parties to
distribute the assets accordingly. From the perspective of Singapore law,
Judgment 203 was a judgment _in personam._ Accordingly, the respondents’
proposed counterclaims were time-barred.

29 By way of response, counsel for the respondents contended that Judgment 203
was a judgment _in rem_ as it decided the ownership of the joint assets under
Indonesian law. Alternatively, it was contended that even if Judgment 203 were
a judgment _in personam_ , the proposed counterclaims would still not be time-
barred as the appellant had claimed against the first respondent in her
statement of claim that she was entitled to a half-share of the assets in the
testator’s estate, thereby implicitly acknowledging that the first respondent
was still entitled to the other half-share. This argument, although canvassed
before the trial judge, was not considered by him in the GD.

_Is Judgment 203 a judgment_ in personam _or_ in rem _?_

30 In our view, in order to determine whether Judgment 203 is a judgment _in
personam_ or a judgment _in rem_ , it is necessary to consider the nature of
the judicial proceedings that led to Judgment 203 and the intention of the
Supreme Court of Indonesia as to the effect of the order on the parties to the
proceedings. In this connection, it is not relevant to this court whether
Indonesian law recognises the concepts of a judgment _in rem_ and a judgment
_in personam._ What is relevant to this court is the substance of Judgment 203
and its effect or intended effect on the parties thereto.

31 Judgment 203 was made pursuant to divorce proceedings between the testator
(the executrix of whose estate is the appellant) and the first respondent in
which the testator sought a judgment of the Indonesian courts as to the
respective rights of the parties to the matrimonial assets. In this context,
we are of the view that Judgment 203 merely declared the respective rights of
the parties. The judgment also ordered the first respondent to transfer one-
half of the assets to the appellant as executrix of the testator’s estate, but
in our view that did not amount to a disposal of the assets so as to
constitute it a judgment _in rem_.

32 In _Pattni v Ali_ [2007] 2 WLR 102 (“ _Pattni_ ”)_,_ an appeal from the
Isle of Man, the Privy Council had to consider similar arguments in relation
to a judgment and order made by a Kenyan court declaring the contractual
rights of the parties to certain shares in an Isle of Man company called World
Duty Free Co Ltd (“WD”). The Privy Council stated the principles as follows
(at [21]):

For present purposes, a judgment in rem in the sense of rule 40 [of _Dicey &
Morris_] is thus a judgment by a court where the relevant property is situate,
adjudicating on its title or disposition as against the whole world (and not
merely as between parties or their privies in the litigation before it). The
distinction is shortly and accurately put in _Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary,_
7th ed (2006), p 2029 …:

“A judgment in personam binds only the parties to the proceedings, as
distinguished from one in rem which fixes the status of the matter in
litigation once for all, and concludes all persons …”

_Jowitt’s Dictionary of English law_ , 2nd ed (1997), pp __ 1025–1026,
contains fuller definitions to the same effect:

“A judgment in rem is an adjudication pronounced upon the status of some
particular subject matter by a tribunal having competent authority for that
purpose. Such an adjudication being a solemn declaration from the proper and
accredited quarter that the status of the thing adjudicated upon is as
declared, it precludes all persons from saying that the status of the thing or
person adjudicated upon was not such as declared by the adjudication. … So a
declaration of legitimacy is in effect a judgment in rem. A judgment of
divorce pronounced by a foreign court is in certain cases recognised by
English courts, and is then a judgment in rem…”

33 In _Pattni_ , the Privy Council, in applying these principles to the case,
said at [29]:

While the Kenyan order may be regarded as irregular in its width in certain
respects, their Lordships do not consider that [the judge] can for a moment
have thought that he was determining any issue as against the world at large
or any third party in relation to the shares or affairs of [WD]. … The obvious
aim and effect of his orders was to establish and give effect to [the
parties’] rights inter se with regard to such shares and affairs. If some
third party emerged subsequent to the Kenyan judgment and decree, and claimed
that [one party] had, prior to [the relevant date], agreed to on-sell the [WD]
shares to him, nothing in the Kenya[n] judgment and decree could, or could
have been intended to, preclude the third party from showing this. …The Kenyan
judgment and decree do not constitute or involve any form of adjudication or
purported adjudication in rem relating to the shares in [WD]. Nor were the
Kenyan judgment and order even purporting actually to transfer or deal with
the shares, as opposed to determining the parties’ rights and duties relating
to them.

In our view, the above passage describes Judgment 203 to a T. A divorce decree
may be a judgment _in rem_ , in so far as it determines the status of the
parties, but an order obtained in ancillary proceedings declaring the
interests of the parties to the matrimonial assets, as is the case with
Judgment 203, binds only the parties _personally_ and is therefore a judgment
_in personam_. In Judgment 203, the Supreme Court of Indonesia did not decide
or purport to decide that no one else might have a claim in those assets. For
these reasons, we are of the view that the trial judge was in error in holding
that Judgment 203 was a judgment _in rem_.

34 It therefore follows that unless the first respondent’s rights under
Judgment 203 have been acknowledged by the appellant, her claim would be time-
barred and the application to, _inter alia_ , plead the proposed counterclaims
should have been rejected. We turn now to consider this question.

_Has the appellant acknowledged the rights of the first respondent under
Judgment 203?_

(1) Re-amended statement of claim

35 The respondents’ argument under this head is premised on para 20(b) of the
re-amended statement of claim dated 15 March 2006 (“the RSOC”), which pleads
as follows:

On 23 February 2003, it was adjudged by the Supreme Court of the Republic of
Indonesia in [Judgment 203] in relation to proceedings brought in Indonesia by
the [appellant] against the [first respondent]:-

…

b. that the doctrine of common property applied to the property acquired by
the [first respondent] and the [testator] during their marriage (_ie. that
both the [testator] and the [first respondent] were entitled to an equal share
in these properties_) and that among other properties, the … Properties in
Singapore formed part of the common property;

…

[emphasis added]

It was argued by the respondents that para 20(b) of the RSOC constituted a
clear admission by the appellant that Judgment 203 had the effect of creating
an entitlement between the testator (and therefore, the appellant) and the
first respondent of each party to a half-share of the properties in question.
Counsel for the appellant, in reply, denied that this pleading amounted to a
direct admission of the first respondent’s entitlement that is being sued for
in these proceedings.

36 Our view of the effect of para 20(b) of the RSOC is this. First, it is not
necessary that to operate as an acknowledgement, an admission has to be direct
or explicit so long as the statement or act constitutes a “ _sufficiently_
clear admission of the title or claim to which it is alleged to relate”
[emphasis added]: see Terence Prime & Gary Scanlan, _The Law of Limitation_
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2001) at para 2.7.6. Nonetheless, it is
important to stress that an acknowledgement of a claim or a debt must stem
from a voluntary desire to admit such claim or debt: see _Chuan & Company Pte
Ltd v Ong Soon Huat_ [2003] 2 SLR 205 (“ _Chuan_ ”) at [18]. Second, a mere
reference in subsequent proceedings to the rights of a party under an existing
judgment may be nothing more than that, _ie_ , a mere reference. Indeed, it
may be a prelude to and for the purpose of denying the existence of such
rights on account of limitation: see, for example, _In re Flynn_ , _decd (No
2)_ [1969] 2 Ch 403. It is therefore necessary to consider whether para 20(b)
shows a desire to admit the first respondent’s claims under Judgment 203. In
our view, para 20(b) is not an admission of the first respondent’s rights nor
does it have that effect.

37 In our view, in the context of the subsequent paragraphs in the RSOC, it is
clear that the appellant intended the opposite, _ie_ , to implicitly deny that
the first respondent had any subsisting rights under Judgment 203. Paragraph
20(b) is itself no more than a prelude to paras 22, 24 and 25 of the RSOC
which plead that the first respondent had failed to “transfer title” of the
three properties in Singapore to the appellant and had also failed to account
for the rents collected from those properties. Paragraph 25 pleads that the
property at Faber Drive was purchased with the testator’s moneys and that
therefore the first respondent was holding it on a constructive or resulting
trust for the testator’s estate. Paragraph 26A makes the _alternative claim_
that under Judgment 203, the Faber Drive property is the common property of
the first respondent and the testator but that the first respondent has failed
to surrender half of the property to the appellant. Paragraph 26B makes a
similar claim to Para 25 but with respect to the Ardmore Park property.

38 In our view, paras 22, 24, 25, 26A and 26B of the RSOC clearly evidence the
appellant’s intention to claim the _entire beneficial interest_ in these
assets. They are not intended to acknowledge the first respondent’s rights
under Judgment 203 but are to have the _opposite effect_ by claiming the
entire beneficial title to all these assets.

(2) The statement of claim

39 Accordingly, the argument of counsel for the first respondent has to be
rejected. However, all is not lost. The first respondent may rely on the
_original_ paras 22, 24, 25 of the statement of claim which had pleaded (and
here we have to observe that counsel has, disappointingly, failed to notice) a
claim to only _one-half_ of the Faber Drive and the Ardmore Park properties.
These paragraphs were amended on 1 March 2005 to delete the words “half-share”
appearing in them, with the effect of converting them into claims for the
entire beneficial interests. Following this, paras 26A and 26B were then
inserted as alternative claims in the RSOC. In our view, paras 22, 24 and 25
of the statement of claim dated 29 April 2005 (in which the appellant had
claimed only _one-half_ of the Faber Drive and the Ardmore Park properties)
had the effect of acknowledging the first respondent’s rights to the other
one-half of the same properties. In this connection, s 26(1) of the Limitation
Act extended the period of limitation with respect to this claim as it
provides that the “right shall be deemed to have accrued _on ... the date of
the acknowledgment_ ” [emphasis added]. Accordingly, there was an effective
acknowledgement at the time the statement of claim was served on the first
respondent: see the comments of Stuart-Smith LJ in _Horner v Cartwright_
(Court of Appeal, 11 July 1989) and Andrew McGee, _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2006) at para 18.020).

40 In view of our conclusion that there was an acknowledgement of the first
respondent’s counterclaims as early as 29 April 2005, thus extending the
limitation period for reliance on Judgment 203 from that date, it would not be
necessary for us to consider, and we express no view on, whether the
alternative claims of the appellant under paras 26A and 26B of the RSOC are,
in themselves, capable of constituting an acknowledgement of the first
respondent’s claims under Judgment 203.

_Jurisdiction of Indonesian court on judgments in rem on movables and
immovables situated outside Indonesia_

41 The next issue which counsel raised is the jurisdiction of the Indonesian
court on a judgment _in rem_ on movables and immovables situated outside
Indonesia. Following from the above, this is a question we do not need to
consider in relation to Judgment 203, given our conclusion that it is a
judgment _in personam._ However, as the trial judge has given his opinion on
this question in relation to the Japanese property, it is proper that we
should address it as well since we do not agree with it. It may be recalled
that the appellant’s argument before the trial judge was that even if Judgment
203 were a judgment _in rem_ , a Singapore court would not enforce a foreign
judgment _in rem_ if the subject matter, whether movable or immovable
property, was not situated in that foreign country when the judgment was
given. Counsel relied on Rule 40 in _Dicey & Morris_ ([17] _supra_) vol 1 at p
611 which reads:

Rule 40—(1) A court of a foreign country has jurisdiction to give a judgment
_in rem_ capable of enforcement or recognition in England if the subject-
matter of the proceedings wherein that judgment was given was immovable or
movable property which was at the time of the proceedings situate in that
country.

(2) A court of a foreign country has no jurisdiction to adjudicate upon the
title to, or the right to possession of, any immovable situate outside that
country.

42 The trial judge accepted that Rule 40 set out the law correctly. As was
said by the Privy Council in _Pattni_ ([32] _supra_) at [26]: “Immovables fall
into a different and special category in private international law.” Further,
para 137 of _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley: The Doctrine of Res Judicata_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 1996) (“ _Spencer Bower_ ”) states:

No foreign court may give a judgment, valid in this country, directing or
recognising the disposition of land or a chattel outside its jurisdiction. An
action _in rem_ being concerned with status or the disposition of property
within a foreign country, its courts will be recognised as having
jurisdiction. [emphasis added]

However, the trial judge ruled (see [17] above) that Rule 40(1) _of Dicey &
Morris_ had no application to the claim with respect to the Japanese property
because the claim was for _the proceeds of sale thereof_ as opposed to the
_title to the property_. In our view, the ruling confuses _the claim_ with the
_legal basis of the claim_. Rule 40 is concerned with jurisdiction. If, under
Singapore law, a foreign court has no jurisdiction to pronounce on the title
of immovable property in Singapore, the fact that the property has been turned
into proceeds of sale does not change the legal basis of the claim which
remains the foreign judgment itself. Indeed, we are not aware of any decision
that the absence of jurisdiction on the part of a foreign court in making such
an order can be fed and satisfied by the proceeds of sale of the immovable
property concerned. The claim for the proceeds of sale of the Japanese
property is a derivative claim arising from Judgment 203 and if that judgment
were a judgment not _in rem_ , then it could not be turned into one by selling
the property and converting it into cash.

43 The trial judge also disagreed with counsel’s interpretation that the
corollary to Rule 40(1) would apply, _ie_ , that a foreign court would not
have jurisdiction to grant a judgment _in rem_ on both movable and immovable
properties outside its jurisdiction. He held that since Rule 40(2) expressly
mentioned only immovable property, it was not intended to cover movable
property. He held that the reason why Rule 40(2) stopped short of including
movable property was found in para 14-106 of _Dicey & Morris_ ([17] _supra_)
vol 1, which states as follows:

… English courts recognise that the courts of a foreign country have
jurisdiction to determine the succession to all movables wherever locally
situate of a testator or intestate dying domiciled in such country. For this
reason, clause (2) of Rule 40 is limited to immovables.

The trial judge also referred to Rule 138 (see [17] above) as being even more
to the point and to _Doglioni v Crispin_ ([17] _supra_) and _In re Trufort_
([17] _supra_) at 611 which reads:

[A]lthough the parties claiming to be entitled to the estate of a deceased may
not be bound to resort to the tribunals of the country in which the deceased
was domiciled, and although the Courts of this country may be called upon to
administer the estate of a deceased person domiciled abroad, and in such a
case may be bound to ascertain as best as they can who, according to the law
of the domicil, are entitled to that estate, yet where the title has been
adjudicated upon by the Courts of the domicil, such adjudication is binding
upon, and must be followed by, the Courts of this country.

44 Applying the above principle to the testator’s movable assets, the trial
judge held that the governing law would be the law of the testator’s domicile,
_ie_ , Indonesian law, and, that being the case, it was untenable for the
appellant to say that a Singapore court would not enforce Judgment 203.
Accordingly, the trial judge held that the appellant’s objection based on Rule
40 failed.

45 In our view, the trial judge’s analysis of the law in this respect would be
correct if in Judgment 203 the Supreme Court of Indonesia was exercising
testamentary jurisdiction. It was not. It was exercising matrimonial
jurisdiction as it adjudicated on the rights of the parties pursuant to or as
part of its divorce jurisdiction. Hence, neither para 14-106 of _Dicey &
Morris_ nor the authorities referred to are directly relevant. _Nevertheless_
, as Judgment 203 is concerned with the rights of husband and wife _inter se_
, and is binding on the parties, these circumstances bring the case under Rule
156 of _Dicey & Morris_ vol 2 at p 1280 which states that in the absence of a
contrary agreement, the law governing movables which are part of matrimonial
assets is the law of the matrimonial domicile, _ie_ , Indonesia in this
present case.

46 Accordingly, the trial judge’s decision is correct in that, but for the
issue of limitation, there would be no reason why a Singapore court would not
recognise Judgment 203 as binding on the parties in relation to movable
properties situated outside Indonesia as a judgment made in matrimonial
proceedings. In _Pattni_ ([32] _supra_), the Privy Council said (at [27]):

As presently advised … their Lordships would think it clear that, where a
court in state A makes, as against persons who have submitted to its
jurisdiction, an in personam judgment regarding contractual rights to either
movables or intangible property (whether in the form of a simple chose in
action or shares) situate in state B, the courts of state B can and should
recognise the foreign court’s in personam determination of such rights as
binding and should itself be prepared to give such relief as may be
appropriate to enforce such rights in state B.

This brings us back 360 degrees to the point that a court in Singapore will
not allow a judgment _in personam_ to be sued as a debt or a cause of action
that is time-barred under Singapore law, an issue we have earlier addressed.
We have decided that by virtue of the appellant’s acknowledgment of the first
respondent’s counterclaims, these were not time-barred.

**_The issue of_ forum non conveniens**

47 The next matter that arises for our consideration is the issue of _forum
conveniens_ with respect to the first respondent’s claim to the money in the
Daiwa NY Account. The trial judge held that considerations of _forum
conveniens_ are relevant in an application to amend pleadings but had
dismissed the argument on the failure of the appellant to adduce evidence to
show that New York was a more appropriate forum than Singapore. In this
appeal, the appellant has again asserted that New York is the more convenient
forum in relation to the claim for the Daiwa NY Account on the ground that the
account is governed by New York law. However, apart from the bare re-
assertion, the appellant has not explained how or why this factor is relevant
to the issue as to who is entitled to the money in this account. It is clear
that New York law is not relevant to this issue. In the circumstances, we
agree with the trial judge’s conclusion on this point.

48 Indeed, on the facts before us, we are of the view that Singapore is a more
convenient forum than New York given that the appellant has chosen Singapore
as the forum to sue the first respondent with respect to, _inter alia_ , the
assets under Judgment 203. The new counterclaim against the appellant is for
an account of the money in the Daiwa NY Account held by her as executrix, the
ownership or title to which has already been determined by Judgment 203. Thus
New York law is not relevant to this counterclaim. The appellant has submitted
to Singapore jurisdiction by commencing these proceedings against the first
respondent to account for assets, the title to some of which have been
adjudicated under Judgment 203, including the money in the Daiwa NY Account.
The counterclaim seeks to enforce against the appellant Judgment 203 (which is
binding on her as executrix of the testator’s estate: see [45] above). That is
all the more reason why the counterclaim for the Daiwa NY Account should not
be dealt with in a separate forum: see _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu
Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 49 at [24]. The only dispute is
whether the claim under Judgment 203 is time-barred which, of course, is an
issue essentially for a Singapore court to decide.

49 In our view, the relevant test as to which is the more suitable
jurisdiction is really a simple and commonsensical one – namely, which is the
forum that meets the ends of justice, having regard to the interests of the
parties: see _Q & M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR 494 at [13].
For the reasons we have already given, there is absolutely no doubt that the
ends of justice in this case would be served by having the issue tried in
these proceedings.

50 This brings us to the first respondent’s argument that the doctrine of
_forum non conveniens_ is not relevant to an application to amend pleadings
since the appellant has already submitted to the jurisdiction. It was argued
that the doctrine was relevant only where a party was applying for leave to
effect service of the proceedings outside the jurisdiction under O 11 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for the reason that such an
application called upon the court to exercise an exorbitant jurisdiction,
which the court should be wary of exercising when another forum might be the
more appropriate jurisdiction to try the issue. As the parties herein had
already submitted to jurisdiction, it was argued by the first respondent that
any application that related to issues of _forum non conveniens_ should be
taken after the application (to amend) had been allowed, as to do otherwise
would be to reverse the burden of proof as the applicant had to prove that the
court hearing the claim included in the amendment was _forum conveniens_. In
our view, this is a straw man’s argument since the trial judge has ruled
against the appellant on that very ground, that she had not adduced any
evidence to show that Singapore was _forum non conveniens_. However, as a
matter of principle, we see no reason to disagree with the trial judge that
the doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ is applicable to an amendment to
pleadings in the same way that it applies to service outside the jurisdiction.

**_Whether Judgment 1265 and/or Judgment 2696 are binding_**

51 The next issue we have to decide is whether Judgment 1265 and/or Judgment
2696 which form the basis of the proposed counterclaims of the second and
fourth respondents are binding. It may be recalled (see [9] above) that the
Supreme Court of Indonesia in Judgment 1265 declared the second and fourth
respondents as heirs of the testator and, in Judgment 2696, declared their
status once more and ruled that they were entitled to a one-quarter share of
the testator’s estate. As the latter judgment is currently the subject of
review by the Supreme Court of Indonesia, the appellant had objected to the
proposed amendments with respect to the proposed counterclaims of the second
and fourth respondents on the ground that the latter judgment is not binding
on the appellant. The trial judge, citing _Nouvion v Freeman_ (1885) 15 App
Cas 1 at 13 and _In re Macartney_ [1921] 1 Ch 522 at 531–532, accepted the
submission. However, the trial judge also found that the second and fourth
respondents were also relying on Judgment 1265 as the basis of the proposed
counterclaims and that even though as a declaratory judgment it could not be
enforced in these proceedings by way of a counterclaim (since there is nothing
to claim), it was a judgment _in rem_ which was freely recognised and which
gave rise to a _res judicata_ or to an issue estoppel, citing Rule 35(2) in
_Dicey & Morris_ vol 1 at p 575 ([17] _supra_), and the decisions of _Doglioni
v Crispin_ ([17] _supra_) and _In re Trufort_ ([17] _supra_). We agree. There
is no reason why the second and fourth respondents may not rely on Judgment
1265 alone to prove their entitlement to the estate of the testator if they
also call evidence to prove what their shares of the testator’s estate would
be under Indonesian law. They do not have to rely on Judgment 2696 to prove
their shares in the testator’s estate.

52 In this appeal, the appellant has also made two further points. First, it
was argued that Judgment 1265 was time-barred, just like Judgment 203. Second,
it was argued that the court in Judgment 1265 had refused the very relief that
the second and fourth respondents were seeking in their counterclaims. In our
view, there is no substance in both points. First, Judgment 1265 cannot be
time-barred because it merely declares the status of the two respondents as
heirs of the testator. It is a judgment _in rem_ good against the whole world.
Second, Judgment 1265 did not deal with the relief that is being claimed by
the said respondents in these proceedings. What was claimed in Judgment 1265
was their right “to exercise and control the legitimate portions according to
the Laws, with respect to all real and personal estates of the [testator]”.
The claim was rejected because, presumably, the testator’s estate was under
administration by the appellant as executrix who had the prior right to
control and possession.

53 In recognising Judgment 1265 for the purpose of these proceedings and in
allowing the amendments for that reason, the trial judge has allowed the
second and fourth respondents to claim against the appellant an account and
inquiry of all the assets of the testator that have come into her hands, and
an order for payment of such moneys and/or delivery of such assets to each of
them as per their respective one-quarter share of the testator’s estate. This
implies that the non-binding quality of Judgment 2969 does not prevent the two
heirs from suing the executrix for an account and to pay over to them whatever
assets that are due to them as heirs. In this respect, when the appellant
objected to Judgment 2696 as not being final and therefore not binding on her,
it was an objection in law, but without a factual context. What cannot be
denied is that the second and fourth respondents are heirs of the testator by
virtue of Judgment 1265. But what does it mean to say that Judgment 2696 is
under review and subject to alteration or reversal by the Supreme Court of
Indonesia? In our view, it is highly improbable that it can mean that the
judgment could be nullified by a declaration that the second and fourth
respondents are not heirs of the testator (since Judgment 1265 is still a
valid judgment) or that the court has somehow made a mistake of law in
deciding that male heirs like the said respondents would not be entitled to a
quarter-share of the testator’s estate. It is simply not imaginable that
Indonesian law is so unclear or flexible on heirship rights that the court may
alter them on review. If this argument has any validity at all, it has to be
directed against the assets of the testator listed in the judgment. In other
words, what is reviewable would not be the heirship rights but the assets
subject to such rights. Nevertheless, even if we are wrong in our reasoning,
the heirs are still entitled to call on the executrix to account to them the
assets of the testator that have come into her possession or dealt with by her
in the course of administration. The exact percentage of their entitlements,
as we have indicated earlier, can be proved by calling evidence on what
Indonesian law is.

**_Whether there is undue prejudice_**

54 The final issue we have to consider whether there had been inordinate delay
on the part of the respondents in seeking to once more amend their pleadings
and whether this has caused undue prejudice to the appellant. The appellant,
in her written submissions, referred to Lord Griffiths’ _dictum_ in _Ketteman
v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 at 220 that prejudice could not be
measured in monetary terms, and contended that in the present case, allowing
the amendments sought for in the Application would put the appellant to much
trouble in having to seek further and better particulars and extensive
discovery (given that the assets were located in several jurisdictions), and
to adduce further factual and expert evidence. It would also further delay the
disposal of this case and impose more strain on the appellant, the disputes
having gone on for the past ten years.

55 In our view, there is no substance in this argument. The appellant is the
executrix of the estate of the testator. She is being asked to do no more than
to account for the assets that have been under her administration. If any
party were put to trouble to do the things she has alleged would put a strain
on her, it would be the first, second and the fourth respondents, as the
appellant has been in control and possession of the testator’s assets all the
time. There was certainly delay on the part of the first and second
respondents in applying to amend their pleadings at this stage. But, there is
no evidence, in the circumstances of this case, that the delay was inordinate
and caused irreparable prejudice to the appellant which cannot be compensated
in costs. Although speed and efficiency are primary considerations in our
civil justice system – see _Lum Kai Keng v Quek Peng Chye_ [2001] SGHC 61 at
[30] – justice is ultimately what our courts dispense.

**Conclusion**

56 For the foregoing reasons, we would dismiss the appeal with costs and the
usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

