Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Canberra Development Pte Ltd v Mercurine Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | Suit 861/2005, RA 168/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harpreet Singh Nehal SC and Lin Yan Yan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Christopher Chong and Kelvin Teo (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Canberra Development Pte Ltd — Mercurine Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Setting aside of judgment in default
of appearance – Test for setting aside irregular default judgment – Power to
amend irregular default judgment – Whether unreasonable delay in making
application to set aside prejudicing right to set aside default judgment  
  

26 October 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff, Canberra Development Pte Ltd, against
the decision of Assistant Registrar Lim Jian Yi to set aside the default
judgment that the plaintiff had obtained against the defendant, Mercurine Pte
Ltd, on 9 January 2006.

Background

2 The plaintiff is the owner of the commercial building known as Sun Plaza in
Sembawang Drive. In February 2000, the plaintiff leased units #04-01 and
#05-01 of the building (“the premises”) to the defendant who operated the same
as a 6-screen cinema complex. The plaintiff and the defendant are loosely
related companies in that one of the defendant’s two equal shareholders is,
ultimately, owned by the same companies that own the plaintiff. The defendant
took possession of the premises on 25 February 2000 and commenced paying rent
on 25 May 2000.

3 Disputes subsequently arose between the parties. First, they had agreed that
the plaintiff would bear the air-conditioning charges for the premises for a
maximum of 12 hours each day. These air-conditioning charges were billed
directly to the defendant’s account by the utility supplier and the defendant
therefore sought reimbursement from the plaintiff. The plaintiff, however, was
often late in making such reimbursement. Second, the parties disagreed over
the plaintiff’s commitment to buy movie gift passes (“MGVs”) from the
defendant for the purpose of promoting the cinema. The defendant alleged that
the plaintiff had not met this commitment. From April 2003, the defendant
stopped paying rent pending the resolution of the issues in relation to the
air-conditioning charges and the MGVs.

4 On 30 November 2005, the plaintiff commenced the present action against the
defendant. In its statement of claim, the plaintiff claimed unpaid rent from
April 2003 to November 2005 amounting to the sum of $1,005,916.81. It averred
that by reason of the non-payment of the rent, the defendant had evinced an
intention no longer to be bound by the lease agreement and had repudiated the
same and that the plaintiff had accepted such repudiation on 7 November 2005.
Further, by reason of the defendant’s non-payment of rent and its repudiation
of the lease, the plaintiff was entitled to exercise its right of re-entry.
The plaintiff therefore claimed, _inter alia_ , possession of the premises,
the sum of $1,005,916.81 and damages to be assessed.

5 The writ was duly served. The defendant did not enter an appearance. On 9
January 2006, the plaintiff entered default judgment against the defendant
for:

(a) possession of the premises;

(b) the sum of $864,388.31 as outstanding rent from April 2003 to November
2005;

(c) damages to be assessed; and

(d) interest and costs.

The amount of rent for which judgment was issued was reduced from the sum of
$1,005,916.81 claimed in the statement of claim as that amount had not taken
into account a payment of $141,528.50 which the defendant had made towards
rent on 11 November 2005.

6 The defendant found out about the default judgment on 16 January 2006. It
recognised that it had two options at that stage: the first was to apply to
set aside the default judgment and contest the plaintiff’s claims, and the
second was to negotiate with the plaintiff to try and resolve the disputes
between the parties and thereby avoid a trial. The defendant said that it
preferred to resolve the disputes amicably and decided to take the latter
route since the parties had some shareholders in common.

7 Thereafter, there were negotiations between the parties and there is now a
dispute about the results of those negotiations. The defendant takes the
position that all disputes in the action were compromised with the plaintiff
and that the plaintiff agreed to “withdraw” the default judgment (including
the order in the default judgment that the defendant was to deliver possession
of the premises to the plaintiff) in return for payment of the sum of
$519,155.62. The plaintiff’s position is that whilst the “money” part of the
default judgment was compromised pursuant to a settlement agreement by which
it agreed to accept $519,155.62 in full settlement of its claims for rental
arrears, it did not agree to withdraw the default judgment or to compromise
its right to repossess the premises.

8 The defendant paid the plaintiff the sum of $519,155.62 on 6 June 2006. The
plaintiff did not thereafter take any steps to have the default judgment set
aside or to otherwise “withdraw” it. The defendant itself also took no further
action at that stage although, in July 2006, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote
to the defendant’s solicitors stating that the plaintiff intended to enforce
the order for possession contained in the default judgment.

9 The next development was in December 2006 when the defendant filed an
originating summons (OS 2374 of 2006) seeking, _inter alia_ , a declaration
that it and the plaintiff had entered into full and final settlement of the
disputes which were the subject matter of the present case. OS 2374 of 2006
was heard on 2 February 2007 and the defendant was granted the declaration it
prayed for. The plaintiff then appealed. This appeal was allowed on 29 March
2007 by Belinda Ang J and the order in favour of the defendant was set aside.
Her Honour also ordered that OS 2374 of 2006 be converted into a writ action
(it is now known as S 244 of 2007) and gave directions for pleadings to be
filed. That action is on-going.

10 Summons-in-chambers No 1843 of 2007 was filed by the defendant in the
present action on 26 April 2007. By it, the defendant prayed for, _inter alia_
, the following orders:

(a) that the judgment in default of appearance entered in this suit by the
plaintiff on 9 January 2006 be set aside; and

(b) that the plaintiff’s claim in this suit be stayed pending final
determination of Suit 244 of 2007.

The grounds of the application were stated to be as follows:

(a) that the default judgment was irregular as: (i) the plaintiff had failed
to comply with the requirements of O 13 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court (2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) and (ii) the plaintiff had entered judgment for an excessive
sum; and

(b) the defendant had a defence on the merits which had a real prospect of
success and carried some degree of conviction.

11 The defendant’s summons was heard before the Assistant Registrar on 19 June
2007. On that same morning, the plaintiff filed a summons in chambers asking
for the amount of $864,388.31 stated in para 2 of the default judgment be
amended to $725,116.81. The difference of $139,271.50 comprised credit for
various cross claims the defendant had for the air-conditioning charges, the
MGVs and another item. It was not in dispute in the court below therefore that
the plaintiff had in fact entered judgment for an excessive sum.

The decision below

12 In the setting aside application, the defendant argued as follows:

(a) the default judgment was irregular in three aspects:

(i) judgment was entered for claims which fell beyond the scope of O 13 rr
1-4;

(ii) in entering judgment for possession of the premises, the plaintiff failed
to produce a certificate under O 13 r 4(1); and

(iii) judgment was entered for an excessive sum;

(b) it being an irregular judgment, the defendant was entitled to have the
default judgment set aside _ex debito justitiae;_ and

(c) in any event, the defendant had a meritorious defence. First, there was an
agreement between the plaintiff and the defendant to set off the rental
arrears against outstanding sums owed by the plaintiff to the defendant.
Second, the plaintiff had agreed that the balance rental arrears due to the
plaintiff after the set-off would not be due until additional fund
contributions were made by the defendant’s shareholders (“the pay later
agreement”)

13 As stated, the Assistant Registrar decided that the whole of the default
judgment should be set aside. He gave written grounds for his decision and, in
the course of those grounds, dealt in some detail with the legal position. His
conclusions can be summarised as follows. First, the Assistant Registrar held
that the default judgment was irregular. On the issue as to whether the
default judgment was entered for claims beyond the scope of O 13 rr 1-4, the
Assistant Registrar dismissed the defendant’s contention. He accepted the
plaintiff’s argument that the default judgment was entered for claims falling
under O 13 r 5, _i.e._ that the default judgment was for a mixed claim. The
Assistant Registrar was of the view that all the three claims in the default
judgment fell within the ambit of O 13 rr 1-4.

14 As for the plaintiff’s failure to produce a certificate under O 13 r 4(1),
the Assistant Registrar also dismissed the defendant’s arguments. He held that
the failure to produce the certificate under O 13 r 4(1) was not an error “
_so fundamental or serious that the court ought not to exercise its discretion
under r 1 to remedy it_ ”. Neither was the requirement contained in O 13 r
4(1) a mandatory rule which required strict compliance. On the facts of the
case, the Assistant Registrar was of the view that the omission to produce the
certificate was not an incurable irregularity and that it had caused the
defendant no prejudice whatsoever.

15 On the issue of the default judgment being for an excessive sum, after
reviewing the defendant’s claims for air-conditioning charges and purchase
cost of the MGVs, the Assistant Registrar held that the judgment sum was
excessive. He declined to amend the default judgment on the basis that, as a
matter of law, an amendment of an excessive judgment sum only occurs in cases
of accidental errors. In this case, he considered that the judgment sum
entered was not a product of any mere accident or clerical error but was
plainly intended and consciously entered by the plaintiff. As the amount was
excessive, the Assistant Registrar held that the default judgment was
irregular.

16 Second, the Assistant Registrar held that the court has the discretion to
review the merits of the case when a defendant seeks to set aside an irregular
judgment. Accepting _Faircharm Investments Ltd v Citibank International plc_
(1998), The Times, February 20 (“ _Faircharm_ ”) and _Standard Chartered Bank
v Chip Hong Machinery (S) Pte Ltd and Another_ [1990] SLR 1230 (“ _SCB v Chip
Hong Machinery_ ”) as being sound in policy and principle, the Assistant
Registrar endorsed the principle that where setting aside the default judgment
would be an exercise in futility because of the weakness of the defence, the
court ought not to act in vain. As such, a defendant does not have a right to
set aside an irregular default judgment _ex debito justitiae_ and it is up to
the court to consider the merits of the defence.

17 Third, the Assistant Registrar considered the merits of the defence and
held that the defendant had an arguable defence which would have satisfied the
requirements for resisting a summary judgment application. The Assistant
Registrar was of the view that if he had applied the test to evaluate the
merits of a regular default judgment set out in _Alpine Bulk Transport v Saudi
Eagle Shipping_ [1986] 2 LLR 221 (“the _Saudi Eagle_ ”) to the present case,
the defendant would not have succeeded in setting aside the default judgment.
In particular, the Assistant Registrar was not persuaded that the defendant’s
assertions based on the pay later agreement had a realistic prospect of
success which carried a degree of conviction. However, because he had
concluded that the default judgment was irregular, the Assistant Registrar
declined to apply the _Saudi Eagle_ test and instead applied the test of an
arguable defence applicable for a summary judgment application. On this basis,
the Assistant Registrar concluded that there was a sufficient defence and that
the default judgment should be set aside.

The appeal

18 The plaintiff’s contention that the decision below should be reversed was
based, in summary, on the following arguments:

(a) the Assistant Registrar had failed to distinguish between that part of the
default judgment which was regularly entered (_i.e._ the order for possession)
from the other part which was irregular (_i.e._ the judgment for the
liquidated sum). Accordingly, he had erred in setting aside the whole judgment
and instead, at most, should have set aside the default judgment in respect of
the liquidated sum but affirmed the default judgment in respect of the order
for possession;

(b) in respect of the judgment for the liquidated sum, the Assistant Registrar
ought to have amended the default judgment to reflect the undisputed sum of
$725,116.81 due from the defendant instead of treating the whole default
judgment as irregular and setting it aside; and

(c) the court also failed to take adequate account of the defendant’s lengthy
delay in applying to set aside the default judgment. While the defendant was
aware as early as 16 January 2006 of the entry of the judgment, it did not
apply to set it aside until 26 April 2007, a delay of over 15 months. During
that period, the defendant had commenced OS 2374 of 2006 seeking a declaration
that the default judgment had been compromised on account of a settlement
agreement reached between the parties and the fundamental premise of this
further proceeding was that the default judgment constituted a valid and
binding judgment which had since been compromised.

19 The issues that I have to address in this judgment are as follows:

(a) whether the regular part of the judgment should be hived off from the
irregular portion;

(b) what the test is when the court is asked to set aside an irregular
judgment;

(c) whether the court should allow the amendment of the amount of an
irregularly entered judgment even though the excessive amount for which the
judgement was obtained was not careless or accidental;

(d) whether the defence put forward by the defendant met the test required for
setting aside a judgment; and

(e) the effect that the defendant’s delay in making the application to set
aside should have on the outcome of the application.

**_Splitting the regular portion of the judgment from the irregular portion_**

20 The plaintiff submitted that the Assistant Registrar had erred in failing
to distinguish that part of the default judgment which granted possession of
the premises to the plaintiff from the other part which provided for the
payment of the liquidated sum. It pointed out that O 13 r 8 of the Rules
expressly provides that the court “may, on such terms as it thinks just, set
aside or vary any judgment entered in pursuance of this order” and that this
language had been interpreted to entitle the court to set aside the default
judgment in whole or in part by the UK Court of Appeal in _National
Westminster Bank Ltd v Humphrey_ 128 SJ 81 (“the _National Westminster Bank_
case”). There, the plaintiff had sued for and entered judgment in default in
respect of two separate debts referred to in the judgment as “the alleged
guarantee debt” and “the alleged overdraft debt”. At first instance, the
default judgment was set aside as to the alleged guarantee debt but not as to
the alleged overdraft debt because there was a defence in respect of the
former but not the latter. That decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal.
Arguing by analogy, the plaintiff submitted that it stood to reason that the
part of the default judgment that was not affected by any irregularity should
not be prejudiced by a separate part of the same default judgment which may be
affected by an irregularity. In such a case, the court, in the proper exercise
of its discretion, ought not to set aside the whole of the default judgment,
but only that part which is affected by the irregularity.

21 Before the Assistant Registrar, the defendant had submitted that the
default judgment as to possession was irregular as the plaintiff’s former
solicitors had failed to produce a certificate under O 13 r 4(1) stating that
the plaintiff was not claiming any relief in the nature specified in O 83 r 1.
The Assistant Registrar, at [62] of his grounds, rejected that argument on the
following basis:

An omission of this nature properly falls under the ambit of O 2 r 1. [The
defendant] has pointed to no harm to it arising from this omission. The
certification is no doubt of procedural value – it highlights to all parties
concerned that O 83 r 1 actions have no place in O 13 applications. However,
it was not argued or shown that the breach of O 13 r 4(1) by not producing the
certificate was an error “so fundamental or serious that the court ought not
to exercise its discretion under r 1 to remedy it” : see _Kuah Kok Kim v Chong
Lee Leong Seng_ [1991] 2 MLJ 129. Nor was the requirement contained in O 13 r
4(1) shown to be a mandatory rule which required strict compliance. In such
circumstances, the omission to produce the certificate was not an incurable
irregularity.

I respectfully agree with the Assistant Registrar’s reasoning and conclusion.
In my judgment too, the omission by the plaintiff to produce the certificate
specified was not incapable of remedy and the Assistant Registrar was quite
right to treat it as he did. Accordingly, I agree that this defect did not
make the judgment for possession irregular.

22 I do not, however, accept the plaintiff’s argument that the Assistant
Registrar should have, while setting aside the order for payment of rental
arrears, allowed the order for possession to remain in place. Whilst under O
13 r 4 the court does have a discretion to set aside a part rather than the
whole of a judgment, whether it does so must depend on the circumstances of
the case. In the _National Westminster Bank_ case, the two amounts for which
judgment were given were in respect of wholly different claims and, as
importantly, although there was a defence put forward to the alleged guarantee
claim, the defendant there admitted liability in respect of the alleged
overdraft claim. In the present case, whilst, as the Assistant Registrar
pointed out, the two claims were entirely severable from each other in that
the rental arrears did not need to be claimed (though they had to be shown to
be due) in order for the plaintiff to make the claim for possession, the
defence that was put forward to both claims was the same. This defence was
that the arrears were not due because of the existence of the pay later
agreement. If this defence were to be established, then the plaintiff would
not have been able to obtain judgment either for possession or for the arrears
themselves.

23 The way that the court assesses the merits of a setting aside application
depends on whether the judgment sought to be set aside is a regular or
irregular one. Different requirements have to be met by the defendant
depending on the nature of the judgment challenged. In this case, what the
plaintiff is actually asking me to do is to assess the merits of the defence
concerning the pay later agreement on the basis of a different standard when
that defence is considered in relation to the judgment for possession from the
standard that would be applied when that defence is considered in relation to
the judgment for the liquidated amount. I cannot do that. I think that doing
so would be an irrational exercise. I think that the Assistant Registrar took
the correct course when he applied the standards applicable to irregularly
obtained judgments to the whole of the default judgment. It would not have
been right for him to have done otherwise. Once he considered that the
defendant had met the standard required for the setting aside of the judgment
for the arrears, and, further, concluded that there was no other reason not to
set aside the judgment for the arrears, he had no option but to set aside the
judgment for possession as well.

**_Tests for setting aside judgments_**

24 As I mentioned above, different standards are applied in the decision
making process on an application to set aside a default judgment, depending on
whether the judgment concerned has been regularly obtained or not. In the case
of a regular judgment, the position is not in doubt. In _Abdul Gaffer v Chua
Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484 (“ _Abdul Gaffer_ ”), our Court of Appeal adopted
the test articulated in the _Saudi Eagle i.e._ that the discretion to set
aside judgment in default is exercised when the applicant has a defence with a
real prospect of success and which carries some degree of conviction. To
persuade a judge to set aside a regular judgment it is insufficient for the
defendant to put forward an arguable defence that would justify leave to
defend under O 14.

25 When an irregularly obtained judgment is under consideration, however, the
situation is different. It has often been said that a defendant has the right
to set aside an irregular judgment _ex debito justitiae_. In the local
context, as Tay Yong Kwang J explained in _TR Networks Ltd v Elixir Health
Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGHC 106, this means that under the Rules of Court,
if a default judgment is found to be irregular and incapable of being
corrected by varying it, then the defendant may have it set aside as a matter
of right. This “right” however, is not an absolute one even though the
judgment may be irregular. First, it is subject to the power of the court to
correct an irregularity and second, it is subject to the duty of the defendant
to make his application for setting aside within a reasonable time. Further,
as the _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Singapore Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007)
notes at para 13/8/4:

… in the light of _Faircharm Investments Ltd v Citibank International Plc_ …
it appears (in England at least) that setting aside an irregular judgment is
no longer a matter of right on the part of the defendant; the courts have a
wide discretion to consider whether to set aside and are entitled to look at
all circumstances including circumstances under which default judgment was
allowed to be entered, the explanation for any delay in making the application
and any other relevant matters, including whether there is a defence on the
merits.

This approach was adopted … in _Tan Ewe Chong & Ors v Pribudi Sdn Bhd & Ors_
[1998] 5 MLJ 108, where the court declined to set aside a wholly irregular
judgment as the defendant had, amongst other things, failed to show any sort
of defence on the merits.

26 Until the ruling below, _Faircharm_ had not been followed by any decision
in Singapore as far as I am aware. The plaintiff here, however, cited the case
to the Assistant Registrar who found the following passage from the judgment
of Sir Christopher Staughton to be sound in principle and policy:

However that may be, I am impressed by what both the deputy master and the
judge said, that if [the defendants] are bound to lose on a subsequent
application for summary judgment, it would be pointless to set aside the
existing the existing judgment, _Lex non cogit ad inutilia_. I would not go so
far as to say that no irregularity could be so fundamental that the judgment
in such a case would have to be set aside, whatever the other circumstances.
But if indeed [the defendants] would be bound to lose I do not, in the
circumstances of this case, consider that there is such a degree of
fundamental error to require that judgment be set aside. After all the
tortured misunderstanding on both sides in this case and the regrettable
imprecision in the pleading and court documents, it is time that justice is
done once and for all in relation to this sum of £7.788.99. As was said over
100 years ago:

“We are not here to punish people for their mistakes in procedure but to do
justice.”

It is significant that in _Faircharm_ , the irregularity was not a matter of
overstating the amount of the defendant’s liability but that the plaintiff had
entered judgment in default of defence before the time for service of the
defence had even begun to run. Yet, even in these circumstances where the
plaintiff’s right to take the procedural step had not accrued, the judgment
was not set aside. The decision shows that modern courts, though not condoning
procedural improprieties, are alive to the realities of litigation and are
concerned both with the efficient use of court facilities and the cost to the
parties of allowing a hopeless defence to proceed further. The Assistant
Registrar considered and I agree that if the defendants were “bound to lose”,
then it would be pointless to set aside the irregular judgment. This
determination is also supported by _SCB v Chip Hong Machinery_ where Punch
Coomaraswamy J expressed the view that courts ought not to act in vain and
therefore where it was clear that setting aside an irregularly obtained writ
of possession would be an exercise in futility, such writ should not be set
aside.

27 The defendant submitted that _Faircharm_ should not be followed in
Singapore. It noted that the courts of Hong Kong had declined to follow
_Faircharm_ and cited the Hong Kong Civil Court Practice Volume 1, paras 2756
and 2756.1 where it was observed that the traditional rule that an irregular
judgment in default would be set aside without consideration of the merits of
the proposed defence had been affirmed by the Court of Appeal. Further, there
are distinguishing facts between _Faircharm_ and the present case. First, in
_Faircharm_ , before the application to set aside the irregular default
judgment was made, Faircharm had made and succeeded upon a summary judgment
application against Citibank and, secondly, the amount involved in the case
was a relatively small sum which made it not worthwhile to continue the
litigation.

28 In my view, whilst there are no doubt differences of fact between this case
and _Faircharm_ , those differences do not diminish the sound reasons for
adopting the principles enunciated in _Faircharm_. I have adverted to those
reasons in [26] above. Whilst parties who have viable claims or defences will
not be shut out of the system, and, indeed, resources have to be made
available for such cases, the Singapore approach is to keep a tight rein on
litigation so that to the extent practicable, these resources (that are not
infinite) are not wasted by catering to cases that are “bound to fail”.

29 I therefore agree that the position in Singapore now is that when a
defendant seeks to set aside a default judgment that has been irregularly
obtained, in order to succeed on his application, he must show that he has
some merits in a defence that is not bound to fail. _Abdul Gaffer_
distinguished between the test for obtaining leave to defend under O 14 and
that for setting aside a regularly obtained default judgment. The O 14 test
sets the lower standard and I agree with the Assistant Registrar that this is
the appropriate test to apply when deciding whether a particular defence is
“bound to fail”.

**_Amendment of the amount of the judgment_**

30 Below, the plaintiff submitted that instead of setting aside the judgment
on the ground of irregularity, the court should amend it to reflect the
correct amount of the claim and then consider the setting aside application
from the stand point of a regularly entered judgment. The Assistant Registrar
declined to take this course. He agreed with the defendant’s argument that the
amendment of an excessive judgment sum only occurs in cases of accidental
errors. In this case, the judgment sum entered was not the product of any
error. At [69] of his judgment, the Assistant Registrar stated:

[The plaintiff] plainly intended that amount to be claimed at the time the
judgment was entered. Up till the hearing it was still asserting the
correctness of that sum despite [the defendant’s] arguments that this sum was
excessive. It has pinned its colours to the mast. As it turns out, [the
plaintiff] has now reversed its position, but this _volte-face_ is too late
and entirely disingenuous. When the court exercises its discretion to amend a
flawed default judgment, it does so on the basis of justice and equity. It
would be neither just nor equitable to allow [the plaintiff] any benefit of
switching its position now. In my view, the judgment is irregular on this
ground and, rather than being amended, ought to be set aside.

31 The plaintiff reiterated this argument when it appeared before me. It
submitted that the court’s power to amend the monetary default judgment to
reflect the correct sum due is not limited to cases involving an inadvertent
error. Whilst it was true that in cases where the party had inadvertently
entered the wrong sum in the default judgment, the courts had readily amended
the judgment to reflect the correct sum (see _Philip Securities v Yong Tet
Miaw_ [1988] SLR 594; _Bayersiche Landesbank Girozentrale v Dato Azlan bin
Hashim_ [2002] 4 SLR 838), it did not follow that the court had no power at
all to amend the judgment to reflect the correct sum where the plaintiff, who
mistakenly believed that a larger sum was due, mistakenly entered judgment for
that larger sum. This would be so particularly where the evidence disclosed
that there was an undisputed sum due. The plaintiff relied on several passages
from the judgment of Staughton LJ in the UK Court of Appeal in _Ban Hin Lee
Bank Berhad v Sonali Bank_ (unreported, heard on 9 November 1988). To
paraphrase these, His Lordship stated that although an irregular judgment
could be set aside _ex debito justitiae_ , such setting aside was always
subject to the power of the court to amend in appropriate cases. It would not
be appropriate to allow an amendment in all cases for example, if the judgment
was entered before the time for service of notice of intention to defend had
expired, but in other cases amendment may be appropriate. Further, the power
to amend a default judgment was wider than the power given by the slip rule
which provided for the correction of clerical mistakes in judgments or orders
arising from accidental slips. In this connection, Staughton LJ observed:

The power to amend was originally thought to be derived from the slip rule,
now Order 20, rule 11. That provides for the correction of clerical mistakes
in judgment or orders, or errors arising thereunder from any accidental slip
or omission. But the parties to this appeal are agreed that when it comes to
amendment of a default judgment the power is wider; it is based on Order 13,
rule 9 itself, which provides that the court may set aside or vary any
judgment entered in pursuance of that Order. That this concession was rightly
made appears from a decision which Mrs Blackburn has referred us to in _Re
Mosenthal,_ Ex parte Marx 54 SJ 75, where the Master of the Rolls treated the
then equivalent of Order 13, rule 9 as permitting amendment.

And he went on to conclude quite categorically that the power to grant leave
to amend on a summons was not confined to a case of slip or mistake. In view
of these observations, the plaintiff submitted that since the sum of
$725,116.81 was undisputed, it would be futile to put the parties through the
expense of a trial to prove it and the court should in the exercise of its
discretion, amend the default judgment to reflect the undisputed sum instead
of setting aside the whole of the default judgment.

32 I agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the court’s power to amend
even an irregularly obtained judgment is not circumscribed in any way.
Accordingly, the court can amend the amount of the judgment even where the
error in obtaining a judgment for that sum instead of the smaller one actually
due does not arise from a slip or accident, but instead arises from the
plaintiff’s mistaken view of the case so that it can be said that the judgment
was entered deliberately for an excessive amount. In this respect, the case of
_CSR South East Asia Pte Ltd v Sunrise Insulation Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 281
does not stand for the proposition that where a party enters a default
judgment for an excessive sum through a deliberate act, the court is not
empowered to amend the judgment to reflect the correct sum.

33 In that case, the plaintiffs and the defendants arrived at a negotiated
settlement in relation to their claim and counterclaim in a district court
case. A consent order recorded by the court provided that the defendants were
to pay the plaintiffs the negotiated amount in four equal instalments and in
the event of default in any payment, the plaintiffs could enter judgment for
the sum originally claimed less the payments received. The defendants paid and
the plaintiffs received the first three instalment payments on time. The last
payment was due on 1 October but the plaintiffs only received the defendants’
cheque for the amount (dated 29 September) on 3 October. The plaintiffs deemed
the late arrival of the cheque to be in breach of the consent order and on 11
October entered judgment against the defendants for the sum claimed originally
by them in the suit less the three instalments paid. The defendants applied to
set aside the default judgment. It was subsequently discovered that the
plaintiffs, after having received the defendants’ cheque, retained possession
of it and banked it in and received payment thereunder at a time when the
defendants were disputing the validity as well as the regularity of the
default judgment. The defendants’ application to set aside was denied by the
district judge who was not aware of what had been done with the fourth cheque
and it was only when the defendants appealed to the High Court against this
decision that these facts emerged. MHP Rubin J considered that the plaintiffs’
holding on to the defendants’ cheque was not an accident but a conscious act
and that they had misjudged the legal implications of retaining and encashing
it. He set aside the judgment, holding that the plaintiffs’ proceedings to
enter judgment, as they did, for a sum which did not take into account the
amounts stated in the fourth instalment cheque, was irregular and the judgment
therefore ought to be set aside _ex debito justitiae_.

34 That case, as the plaintiff submitted, shows that whether the court
exercises its discretion to set aside a judgment or not, depends on the
circumstances before the court and the judge’s evaluation of those
circumstances. There is nothing in the case that indicates that an irregular
judgment cannot be amended. It is pertinent to note that in that case, there
was no issue of amending the judgment because the issue was whether the terms
of the consent order had been satisfied by the receipt of the cheque or
whether the plaintiff was entitled to enter judgment under the consent order
for a larger amount than had been paid. Amending the judgment to reflect
amount of the fourth instalment would not have been correct as, first, this
amount had been paid by the time the matter came before the judge and, second,
there was no undisputed sum for which judgment could be entered since the
defendant’s position was that no further payment was due at all after
settlement of the fourth instalment and the plaintiff’s position was that it
was entitled to a much larger amount.

35 Whilst as a matter of law the Assistant Registrar had the power to amend
the default judgment in this case, whether he did so or not was a matter of
discretion. The passage from his judgment that I have cited at [30] gave his
reasons for not exercising that discretion in favour of the plaintiff. I
cannot fault those reasons. The plaintiff’s application to amend the judgment
was made at a very late stage, some time after the defendant’s application to
set it aside. If the judgment had been amended, then the Assistant Registrar
would have had to consider the setting aside application differently. The
plaintiff could not expect to change the standard to be applied to the setting
aside application by making such a sudden change in its position. If the
plaintiff had applied very early on to amend the judgment, that would have
been a different matter altogether. Of course if the Assistant Registrar had
found that the defence was, nevertheless, bound to fail, he should then have
amended the amount of the default judgment before dismissing the setting aside
application.

**_Did the defendant raise a triable issue?_**

36 As the judgment was irregularly obtained, the Assistant Registrar correctly
applied the O 14 test to the defence put forward. His judgment contains a
detailed analysis of the arguments and the evidence. I see no need to repeat
the same here. He came to the conclusion that an arguable defence up to the
standard required by O 14 had been established. I agree that whilst the
defence does not appear to be a strong one, it does meet that lower standard.

**_Other reasons for maintaining the default judgment_**

37 The plaintiff has, however, one further powerful string to its bow. It is a
fundamental principle of civil procedure that a party must act promptly in
order to protect or prosecute his rights and, therefore, if he is dilatory he
may prejudice those rights. This principle is enshrined in O 2 r 2 of the
Rules which provides that an application to set aside for irregularity shall
not be allowed unless it is made within a reasonable time. As _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, Singapore 2006) by Jeffrey Pinsler notes at para
13/8/4, “inordinate delay in making the application may lead the court to
believe that it is not bona fide or that the defendant is not serious or that
he is irresponsible about the relief he seeks”.

38 One good example of the adverse consequences of delay is the case of _Ang
Kim Soon v Sunray Marine_ [1997] 3 SLR 619. The plaintiff there was a workman
who was injured during an explosion on board a vessel. He commenced an action
against his employer for damages. His employer was, at the same time, involved
in another action against the vessel owner for indemnity for the explosion and
indicated that it wished to have the action by the plaintiff heard together
with the admiralty action. The employer failed to file a defence in the action
by the plaintiff despite repeated requests to do so and the plaintiff
eventually entered interlocutory judgment against his employer. At the trial
of the admiralty action, the employer was found not to be liable for the
explosion. It then applied to set aside the interlocutory judgment, on the
basis of the findings in the admiralty action but Choo Han Teck JC disallowed
the application. He took into account the conduct of the parties, especially
the defendant’s delay in applying to set aside the interlocutory judgment and
explicitly rejected the argument that once the defendant has satisfied the
court that there is a real prospect of success, such conduct becomes of
secondary importance. In the course of his judgment, Choo JC stated (at [16]):

[H]aving considered the chronology of this case and the conduct of the
parties, I find that it is too late now for the employer to set aside the
default judgment. Once liability is disputed, the employer was bound to set
aside the interlocutory judgment at the earliest opportunity. It should not
place a cat-and-mouse game with the shipowner using the plaintiff as cheese.

39 In the present case, the material facts were that the defendant had applied
only in April 2007 to set aside the judgment entered in January 2006, a delay
of over one year and three months. That delay did not arise from ignorance of
the situation. The defendant was fully aware of the existence of the judgment
a week after the plaintiff obtained it.

40 The defendant submitted that this delay should not be held against it. It
had, it said, a good and reasonable explanation for the delay in taking out
the application and this explanation had been accepted by the Assistant
Registrar. The defendant had chosen to settle the disputes in the action via
negotiation rather than to enter into litigation. In fact, these negotiations
had been somewhat successful initially and the defendant had made payment of
the compromised amount to the plaintiff in accordance with the negotiations.
As the Assistant Registrar had held, the existence of the alleged compromised
agreement would have rendered any attempt to set aside the default judgment
quite unnecessary and therefore the filing of OS 2374 of 2006 was not a step
that was inconsistent with the assertion of the defendant’s right to have the
default judgment set aside. The defendant submitted that the ruling below,
that neither the delay in the defendant’s application to set aside nor the
defendant’s conduct subsequent to the entry of the default judgment
constituted grounds for denying the defendant the right to have the judgment
set aside, was correct and should be affirmed.

41 After careful consideration of the circumstances of the case, I have come
to a different conclusion. I think that for the first few months it was
permissible for the defendant to delay its application to set aside the
default judgment in order to try and compromise the claim out of court.
Although, if it disputed the plaintiff’s rights under the default judgment in
good faith, it was incumbent upon it to apply to set aside the same at the
earliest opportunity, I think that a reasonable period for negotiation would
not prejudice the defendant in this respect, as long as such negotiations were
carried on actively and there appeared to be reasonable prospects of a
successful outcome. As things went, some sort of agreement appears to have
been arrived at in fact and it was on the basis of the defendant’s
understanding of that agreement that it paid the plaintiff $519,155.62 on 6
June 2006. Shortly thereafter, however, it became clear that the plaintiff
took a very different view of the agreement reached and did not accept that
there had been a settlement which had compromised all of the plaintiff’s
rights under the default judgment.

42 On 10 July 2006, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant and
informed it that pursuant to order 1 of the default judgment, the defendant
was required to deliver possession of the premises to the plaintiff. The
letter went on to say that, strictly without prejudice to its rights under the
judgment, the plaintiff was prepared to grant the defendant an extension of
time until 28 February 2007 to deliver possession of the premises to the
plaintiff subject to certain terms and conditions. From this letter, it should
have been clear to the defendant that the plaintiff intended to enforce its
right under the default judgment. The defendant from that time could no longer
have believed that the plaintiff accepted that its rights under the default
judgment had been compromised and therefore that there was no need for the
defendant to take steps to have the default judgment set aside. Yet, the
defendant did nothing for a further five months or so.

43 When the defendant finally invoked the assistance of the court in its
dispute, it did not make an application to set aside the default judgment.
Instead, it filed a completely new proceeding and asked for the declaration
that the plaintiff’s rights under the default judgment had been compromised.
It was not until the initial decision in favour of the defendant in OS 2374 of
2006 had been set aside on the plaintiff’s appeal, that the defendant made its
application herein for the setting aside of the default judgment. In my view,
this sequence of events is fatal to the defendant. It ignored the requirement
under O 2 r 2 to make its application promptly and within a reasonable time.
Instead, as the plaintiff submitted, it chose to make its application as and
when that course appeared to suit the defendant’s litigation strategy. The
defendant took its time to make the application without regard to the
plaintiff’s rights under the default judgment.

44 In my judgment, if the defendant had, in good faith, considered that it had
grounds on which to have the default judgment set aside, it would have made
the application herein in July or August 2006 at the latest. The fact that it
chose to file OS 2374 of 2006 instead indicates that it thought that whatever
the position was when the judgment was entered, that position had been altered
by a compromise agreement and that it was the parties’ respective obligations
under the compromise agreement that were now binding on them and should be
enforced by the courts. By taking this step, the defendant indicated that it
no longer placed any reliance on any rights that it might originally have had
in regard to the default judgment. I agree with the plaintiff’s submission
that the conduct of the defendant in failing to apply to set aside the default
judgment promptly and then applying for a declaration that that judgment had
been compromised by an alleged settlement reached must weigh heavily against
it in any consideration of whether the default judgment should be set aside.

Conclusion

45 I have therefore concluded that in this case, the court’s discretion should
have been exercised so as to refuse the defendant the relief that it sought.
The default judgment should not have been set aside. I therefore allow the
plaintiff’s appeal. The default judgment shall be reinstated but shall be
varied so that the amount payable thereunder shall be altered to $725,116.81.
Of course this is an academic variation since the money part of the default
judgment has, both parties agree, been settled. However, for good order, it
should be effected.

46 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

