Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Kok Yong v Lee Guek Hua (alias Li Yuehua)  
[2007] SGHC 26

Case Number | : | D 1404/2004, RAS 95/2006, 96/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Say Fang (Tan Lee & Partners) for the appellant/petitioner; Tan Siew Kim (Lee & Lee) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Kok Yong — Lee Guek Hua (alias Li Yuehua)   
  
27 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The appellant, Mr Lee Kok Yong, appealed against the decision of District
Judge Jocelyn Ong (“the District Judge”), who dismissed his application to
vary an order of court (“the order of court”) dated 30 July 2004 regarding the
division of matrimonial assets and the payment of a lump sum maintenance of
$20,000 to the respondent, his former wife, Mdm Lee Guek Hua. I dismissed the
appeal and now give the reasons for my decision.

2 The parties were married on 17 September 1997. Shortly thereafter, they
purchased No 31 Bangkit Road #08-03 Chestervale Singapore 679973 (the
“matrimonial property”). The said property was purchased in both their names
for $629,100.

3 The appellant alleged that the respondent left him in January 2000 and went
to live with her parents.

4 In April 2004, the appellant filed a petition for divorce. The Decree Nisi,
which was granted on 30 July 2004, was made absolute on 1 November 2004.
During the divorce proceedings, the appellant was represented by counsel
whereas the respondent was not. Even so, the parties managed to reach
agreement on the division of matrimonial assets and the payment of lump sum
maintenance for the purpose of a clean break between them. Their agreement was
embodied in an order of court on 30 July 2004 (“the order of court”). The
terms of the order of court included the following:

(a) The respondent was to transfer her share and title in the matrimonial
property to the appellant after the latter refunded to her CPF account all
monies utilised for the purchase of the said property, together with accrued
interest.

(b) The appellant was to pay the respondent $20,000 as lump sum maintenance.
This sum was to be paid in five instalments of $4,000 per month.

5 The appellant remarried in November 2004 and he and his new wife occupied
the matrimonial property. However, he did not comply with the terms of the
order of court regarding the matrimonial property and the lump sum
maintenance.

6 In 2005, the appellant and his present wife moved out of the matrimonial
home and in July 2006, their daughter was born.

7 As the appellant did not honour his commitment to refund money into her CPF
account and to pay her the lump sum maintenance, the respondent instituted SUM
7921 of 2006 to enforce her rights under the order of court. In the meantime,
the appellant sought to vary the said order of court by instituting SUM 7888
of 2006 to seek a reduction of the amount to be refunded to the respondent’s
CPF account and the lump sum maintenance.

8 In the meantime, a buyer for the matrimonial property was found. On 7
September 2006, the District Judge varied the order of court by allowing the
matrimonial property to be sold. She ordered that the costs and expenses of
the sale of the matrimonial property were to be borne by the appellant. She
also dismissed the appellant’s application to vary the order of court by
reducing the amount to be refunded to the respondent’s CPF account and the
quantum of the lump sum maintenance. She ordered the appellant to pay the long
overdue lump sum maintenance within one month.

9 To date, the appellant has not paid the respondent the lump sum maintenance.
Instead, he filed two appeals against the decisions of the District Judge.

RAS No 95 of 2006

10 RAS No 95 of 2006, which concerns the appellant’s application to vary the
order of court to reduce the amount he has to pay into the respondent’s CPF
account and the lump sum maintenance, will first be considered.

**_Variation of Order of Court_**

11 The appellant’s only ground for seeking a variation of the order of court
was that he is not in as strong a financial position as he was in 2004 when
the order of court was made. He claims that his income from his clothing
business has dwindled and that the District Judge failed to take into account
his material change of circumstances from mid-November 2004 onwards. As has
been mentioned, he remarried in November 2004.

12 The respondent asserted that the appellant’s financial position is not as
bad as that painted by him. She pointed out that he is a joint owner of a
bungalow at 410 Pasir Panjang Road, which has an area of 579.4 square metres
and he had stated that he spent $1,380 per month on his present wife. She also
pointed out that the appellant claims that he gives his mother an allowance of
$800 per month. As such, he should be able to honour his commitments under the
order of court.

13 The appellant retorted that the bungalow at Pasir Panjang Road should not
be taken into account and even claimed that when he proposed that this
property be sold, his sisters beat him up and scolded him and his present
wife.

14 The present state of the appellant’s finances is not relevant to the
present appeal. As the appellant did not appeal against the order of court in
2004, he should have made the requisite repayment to the respondent’s CPF
account in 2004. He also ought to have paid the five monthly instalments of
$4,000 for the lump sum maintenance in that year. Having defied the order of
court since 2004, he is not entitled to assert that his own failure to perform
his long overdue obligations should pave the way for a variation of the
division of matrimonial property or the lump sum maintenance.

15 Admittedly, under certain circumstances, an order for the division of
matrimonial property may be varied under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, Rev Ed 1997), which provides as follows:

The court may, at any time it thinks fit, extend, vary, revoke or discharge
any order made under this section, and may vary any term or condition upon or
subject to which any such order has been made.

16 However, as Prof Leong Wai Kum (“Prof Leong”) rightly pointed out in
_Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 1997) (“ _Family
Law_ ”) at p 910, it “is still true that an order of division is, usually, a
one-off order and, subject to appeal, is not of continuing nature to permit
variation”. She added that it is only in relation to orders of a continuing
nature that a question of variation arises. Such continuing orders, as listed
in s 112(5) of the Women’s Charter, are an order for a matrimonial asset to be
held on trust, an order postponing the sale or vesting of any share in any
matrimonial asset until such future date as may be specified and an order
granting to either party the right personally to occupy the matrimonial home
to the exclusion of the other party. As the order of court for the division of
the matrimonial property in the present case is not a continuing order, the
question of a variation does not arise.

17 The appellant relied on the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Chia Chew
Gek v Tan Boon Hiang_ [1997] 2 SLR209 to show that an order of court in
relation to the division of matrimonial property may be varied but that case
is clearly distinguishable from the present case. In that case, matrimonial
property had been divided between the parties on the basis of their mistaken
belief that they could qualify for two Housing and Development Board (“HDB”)
flats because their only son could form a nucleus family with both his father
as well as his mother. The order of court in question expressly stated that it
was “subject to the approval by the [HDB]”. As such, Karthigesu JA, who
delivered the judgment of the court, said at [16] that as the HDB did not
allow the son to form a nucleus family with both his father and his mother,
the consent order in question had completely failed and there was no
jurisdictional bar to a consideration of the husband’s application to vary the
said order. In the present case, the order of court could have and should have
been complied with by the appellant in 2004. As such, the provision in the
order of court requiring the appellant to make the requisite refund to the
respondent’s CPF account should be enforced.

**_Lump sum maintenance_**

18 As for the lump sum maintenance, reference ought to be made to s 118 of the
Women’s Charter, which provides as follows:

The court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for
maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the application of the person in
whose favour or of the person against whom the order was made… where it is
satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or mistake of fact
or where there has been any material change in the circumstances.

19 Section 118 makes it clear that only a subsisting order for payment of
maintenance may be varied or rescinded. Prof Leong opined in _Family Law_ at p
1008 that where lump sum maintenance is to be paid by several instalments,
some of which have not been paid, it may be argued that the court has the
power to vary or rescind because such an order remains, on a literal reading,
“subsisting”. However, where, as in this case, the instalments of lump sum
maintenance should have been paid long ago, the party who has blatantly
refused to make the payment is in no position to assert that the lump sum
maintenance should be varied. As such, the appellant’s application to reduce
the lump sum maintenance payable to the respondent was dismissed.

RAS No 96 of 2006

20 RAS No 96 of 2006, which concerns the District Judge’s ruling on the costs
and expenses of the sale of the matrimonial property, will next be considered.

21 As has been mentioned, the District Judge, who ordered that the matrimonial
property be sold and also that the appellant is to bear the costs and expenses
of the sale of the matrimonial property, cannot be faulted. It cannot be
overlooked that when the ancillary matters were considered by the court in
2004, the appellant, who was represented by counsel whereas the respondent was
not, had wanted to keep the matrimonial property for himself. That was why he
was prepared to refund to the respondent’s CPF account the amount paid from
that account for the matrimonial property. Regrettably, he did not keep his
word. As the sale of the matrimonial property was necessitated by the
appellant’s failure to honour his commitment, he should bear the costs and
expenses of the sale of the said property.

Conclusion

22 For reasons already stated, I dismissed both the appellant’s appeals with
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

