Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party and Others and Another Suit  
[2007] SGCA 51

Case Number | : | Suit 261/2006, 262/2006, SUM 1997/2007, 1998/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Tan Gim Hai Adrian and Tan Ijin (Drew and Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; The third defendant in person   
Parties | : |  Lee Hsien Loong — Singapore Democratic Party; Chee Siok Chin; Chee Soon Juan; Ling How Doong; Mohamed Isa Abdul Aziz; Christopher Neo Ting Wei; Sng Choon Guan Gerald; Wong Hong Toy; Yong Chu Leong Francis   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Leave to file notice of appeal out of
time – Delay of seven months – No good reasons given to delay – Applicable
principles – Order 3 r 4, O 57 rr 4, 17 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Security deposit – Waiver of deposit sought –
Whether security deposit mandatory – Order 57 rr 3(3), 3(4) Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

6 November 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 In Suit No 261 of 2006, Mr Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore,
sued the defendants for defamation. The same defendants were also sued for
defamation arising out of the same facts by Mr Lee Kuan Yew, the Minister
Mentor of Singapore, in Suit No 262 of 2006. The first defendant, the
Singapore Democratic Party (“SDP”), is a political party. The second
defendant, Ms Chee Siok Chin (“Ms Chee”), is a member of the Central Executive
Committee of the SDP and the third defendant, Dr Chee Soon Juan (“Dr Chee”),
is its secretary-general. In these grounds of decision, the phrase “the
defendants” refers to Ms Chee and Dr Chee only.

2 The plaintiffs in these two suits successfully obtained, on 12 September
2006, summary judgment against the defendants in Summonses Nos 2839 and 2838
of 2006 (“the summary judgment applications”), respectively.

3 In the present proceedings, Dr Chee (“the applicant”) applied under
Summonses Nos 1998 and 1997 of 2007 (both filed on 8 May 2007) in respect of
the summary judgment awards for (a) an extension of time to file appeals
against the decisions and (b) a waiver of the security deposit for the
intended appeals. After hearing arguments from the applicant, who appeared in
person, and counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), we
dismissed both applications. We now give the detailed grounds for our
decision, which will apply to both summonses in the present proceedings.

**Background**

4 Soon after the plaintiffs filed the summary judgment applications, the
defendants, _via_ Originating Summons No 1203 of 2006 (“OS 1203/2006”), sought
a declaration that the deletion or repeal of O 14 r 1(2) of the Rules of the
Supreme Court 1970 (GN No S 274/1970) was a breach of the principles of
natural justice and was therefore unconstitutional. Previously, O 14 r 1(2)
did not allow plaintiffs to seek summary judgment for causes of action such as
fraud and defamation. This rule was abrogated on 1 August 1991. The hearing of
OS 1203/2006 and the summary judgment applications was fixed for 3 August
2006. Mr M Ravi (“Mr Ravi”), who was acting for the defendants in those
proceedings, asked the learned judge to recuse himself on the ground of there
being a suspicion or likelihood of bias towards him (and not his clients).
This allegedly arose because of some previous exchanges between Mr Ravi and
the learned judge in an unrelated case in September 2003. The learned judge
readily agreed to recuse himself and the applications were adjourned: see
_Chee Siok Chin v AG_ [2006] 4 SLR 92.

5  The adjourned applications were then heard by the trial judge (“the Judge”)
on 16 August 2006: see _Chee Siok Chin v AG_ [2006] 4 SLR 541. Before dealing
with the substantive applications before her, the Judge had to deal with some
housekeeping matters. On 11 August 2006, Mr Ravi had written to the Registrar
to refix the hearing date of the summary judgment applications to a date in
late September. On 15 August 2006, the Registrar replied to Mr Ravi informing
him that the hearing date of 16 August 2006 was to stand and that he could
make the appropriate application before the Judge at the hearing itself.
Before the hearing on 16 August 2006, Mr Ravi filed a notice of appeal in OS
1203/2006 against the Registrar’s decision that OS 1203/2006 be heard together
with the summary judgment applications. At the 16 August 2006 hearing, Mr Ravi
applied to the Judge for OS 1203/2006 and the summary judgment applications to
be adjourned on account of the notice of appeal.

6 While the matter of the adjournment was being dealt with, Mr Ravi made an
application for the Judge to recuse herself on the ground of actual bias. This
accusation arose out of the manner in which the Judge had conducted the
hearing up to that point in time. The Judge dismissed the recusal application.
She then ordered that the summary judgment applications be adjourned pending
the outcome of the appeal in OS 1203/2006 to a date coinciding with the
hearing of that appeal. (However, it later transpired that the defendants did
not proceed with the appeal.) Mr Ravi also applied for a stay of OS 1203/2006
pending an appeal against the Judge’s decision not to recuse herself. This
application was dismissed. Mr Ravi then applied for OS 1203/2006 to be heard
in open court. This, too, was dismissed; the Judge declined to hear the
proceedings in such a manner as it was not the normal procedure for
originating summonses to be heard in open court (see _Chee Siok Chin v AG_
([5] _supra_) at [15]). Mr Ravi conferred briefly with the defendants, and
notified the court that they vehemently objected to OS 1203/2006 being heard
in chambers and did not wish to “legitimise” (_id_ at [16]) the proceedings.
Mr Ravi and the defendants then walked out. The Judge dismissed OS 1203/2006
after considering Mr Ravi’s written submissions and hearing submissions by
counsel for the Attorney-General.

7 The summary judgment applications were then fixed to be heard on the morning
of 11 September 2006 before the Judge. Mr Singh represented the plaintiffs in
these proceedings. The applicant’s then counsel, Mr Ravi, was absent from this
hearing, although the applicant himself was present. The applicant informed
the court that Mr Ravi was suffering from “physical and mental exhaustion”
(see _Lee Hsien Loong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [2007] 1 SLR 675 (“GD”) at
[5]) and could not attend court, and, thus, the defendants were seeking an
adjournment. As no medical certificate was produced in support of Mr Ravi’s
condition, the Judge stood down the hearing till the afternoon so that a
medical certificate could be procured.

8 When the hearing resumed at 2.40pm, the applicant produced a note and a
medical certificate from a dentist saying that Mr Ravi was unfit for duty on
11 September 2006 due to pericoronitis caused by poor oral hygiene in the area
around the lower right wisdom tooth. This was not quite the reason which the
applicant had given earlier (which centred on physical and mental exhaustion).
Mr Singh pointed out that there were some discrepancies between the medical
certificate and the note, and also that they were not in compliance with the
requirements of para 13, Part II of the _Supreme Court Practice Directions_
(2006 Ed). The hearing was adjourned to the morning of 12 September 2006 and
the Judge directed that Mr Ravi was to attend that hearing. Mr Singh was
directed to write to Mr Ravi to inform him of the adjourned hearing and the
court’s direction.

9 On 12 September 2006, the applicant again appeared alone at the hearing
without Mr Ravi. Ms Chee joined the proceedings later. The applicant informed
the court that Mr Ravi would not be attending the hearing as he was still
unwell. However, the applicant did not produce a medical certificate to
substantiate this claim. Mr Singh confirmed that he had written to Mr Ravi as
directed by the court and that the letter had been hand-delivered to Mr Ravi’s
office.

10 The applicant initially asked for an adjournment on the basis that Mr Ravi
was unable to attend court. He later said that as he had already discharged Mr
Ravi, he needed an adjournment in order to look for a new lawyer. After
hearing this, the Judge informed him that she had to hear Mr Singh’s response
to the application for an adjournment (“the adjournment application”) before
deciding whether to grant it. The applicant objected to this on the basis that
he was without legal counsel. After a brief conference with Ms Chee outside
the chambers, the applicant and Ms Chee announced that they did not wish to
take any further part in the proceedings without legal counsel and walked out.
The Judge then heard Mr Singh’s objections in the absence of the defendants
and dismissed the adjournment application. She proceeded to hear Mr Singh’s
substantive submissions on the summary judgment applications. Interlocutory
judgment with damages to be assessed was granted to the plaintiffs for both
applications at the end of the hearing. The Judge’s written grounds for her
decision on both the adjournment application and the summary judgment
applications were delivered on 1 December 2006: see GD ([7] _supra_).

11 On 27 September 2006, the applicant wrote to the Chief Justice of
Singapore. He described the events at the 12 September 2006 hearing and noted
that the Judge had ruled in the plaintiffs’ favour. The letter is an important
one, and is therefore set out in full, as follows:

27 September 2006

Mr Chan Sek Keong  
Chief Justice  
Supreme Court  
Republic of Singapore

Dear Sir,

In the recent summary judgment hearing presided by Judge Belinda Ang on 12
September 2006 in the matter of Lee Kuan Yew and Lee Hsieng Loong v. Chee Siok
Chin and Chee Soon Juan (Suit Nos. 261 and 262 of 2006), Ms Chee and I were
not represented by counsel.

Before the proceedings began, we had informed Judge Ang that our counsel, Mr M
Ravi, was not well and that we needed time for him to recover. The Plaintiffs
lawyer, Mr Davinder Singh, insisted that our application was nothing but a
ploy to delay the hearing. Judge Ang sided with Mr Singh and rejected our
application.

This being the case, we then asked to discharge Mr Ravi as our lawyer as he
could not continue arguing our matter and to have a two-week adjournment for
us to find another lawyer.

Again, Mr Singh objected and again Ms Belinda Ang sided with him. The summary
judgement hearing thus proceeded without us having legal representation. Ms
Ang ruled in the Lees’ favour. All this was done in her chambers away from the
media and public.

Mr Ravi has now been hospitalized. A medical certificate from the hospital has
already been produced in court. Given his illness, Mr Ravi was also unable to
represent his other clients in three other cases.

It is clear that Judge Ang was wrong not to allow our counsel time to recover
or to give us time to try to find another lawyer.

I do not have to tell you that to have a hearing in chambers with one party
not having legal representation is a grave breach of the principles of
justice.

_The defendants would like to appeal Judge Ang’s decision to proceed with the
hearing despite the absence of our lawyer. However, we have to pay the
security cost_ [sic] _of $10,000 which we cannot afford. We would like to ask
that the cost be waived given the nature of the case and the circumstances
surrounding it. This will enable us to proceed with the appeal and have
justice not only done, but also manifestly seen to be done._

I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,  
[signed]  
Chee Soon Juan  
Secretary-General  
Fax: 6459-8120

[emphasis added]

The reply from the Supreme Court dated 28 September 2006 addressed the issue
of security for costs as this was the only substantive issue raised for
consideration by the applicant in the above letter. In particular, the court’s
letter of reply stated as follows:

3 The purpose of the security is for payment towards the costs of the
Respondent to the appeal, in the event that the appeal is not successful and
costs are payable the Respondent. However, if the appeal is successful and no
costs are payable to the Respondent, any deposit paid is refundable. Further,
the deposit is also refundable if the appeal is withdrawn before it is heard.

4 This is a requirement which is applicable to all Appellants and cannot be
waived.

12 Pursuant to O 57 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules of Court”), the deadline for filing notices of appeal against the
Judge’s decisions on the summary judgment applications was 12 October 2006
(_ie_ , one month from 12 September 2006, when the orders for summary judgment
were made). However, the defendants did not file any notice of appeal by that
time.

13 Some five months later, on 8 March 2007, the applicant wrote to the Chief
Justice again and revisited his grievances with regard to the conduct and
outcome of the 12 September 2006 hearing as well as posed a series of
rhetorical questions. The applicant also mentioned that he had received a copy
of the Judge’s minute sheet of that hearing (“the 12 September 2006 minute
sheet”), and took issue with what he perceived as a shocking exchange between
the Judge and Mr Singh which took place after he (the applicant) and Ms Chee
had left the chambers. (In his affidavit in support of the present
applications, the applicant said that Mr Ravi had provided him with the 12
September 2006 minute sheet (as well as the minute sheet of the previous day’s
hearing (on 11 September 2006)) sometime in January 2007.) The applicant’s
letter of 8 March 2007 also contained the following statement:

We note that an appeal was open to us, the deadline for which is already long
past. More importantly, however, we are unable to afford the $10,000 security
cost [_sic_] required for us to file the appeal.

Significantly, too, the applicant concluded by asking the Chief Justice “to
order that the Order 14 hearing be _re-opened_ ” [emphasis added]. Even
allowing for the fact that the applicant is not legally trained, it is clear
that the word “re-opened” was not a mere oversight. The applicant was clearly
familiar with the concept of an appeal, as evidenced by his letter of 27
September 2006 and his actions in two prior cases (see below at [47]). This
was another indication of the seriousness – or, rather lack thereof – with
which he treated his right of appeal (but, more of this later). The following
reply by the Supreme Court in its letter dated 14 March 2007 is also germane
and is set out in full, as follows:

**REQUEST TO RE-OPEN SUMMARY JUDGMENT APPLICATIONS IN SUIT 261/2006 AND SUIT
262/2006 (SUM 2838/3006 AND SUM 2839/2006)**

We refer to your letter dated 8 March 2007, addressed to the Chief Justice
concerning the above-mentioned cases in which you were a party.

2 You may wish to note that [the Judge] has given full reasons for her
decision. We refer you to her judgment, reported at [2006] SGHC 220.

3 _We note that you are also aware of your right to appeal against her
decision_.

[emphasis added]

14 The present applications for extension of time for filing the notices of
appeal were filed on 8 May 2007, almost seven months after the deadline for
the filing of such notices (see [12] above) had passed.

**Extension of time for filing notice of appeal**

15 Order 57 r 4(_a_) of the Rules of Court states that in an appeal from an
order in chambers, a notice of appeal must be filed within one month from the
date when the order was pronounced or when the appellant first had notice
thereof. Such deadlines serve the purpose of providing finality to successful
litigants. We shall elaborate upon this in more detail later (at [33]–[34]).

16 However, the courts also recognise that there may be legitimate reasons why
unsuccessful litigants might not be able to meet this deadline, and that such
litigants ought not to be denied their right of appeal. As such, the deadline
may be extended. Order 57 r 17, which governs the power of the High Court to
extend the time for filing and serving a notice of appeal, states:

Without prejudice to the power of the Court of Appeal under Order 3, Rule 4,
to extend the time prescribed by any provision of this Order, the period for
filing and serving the notice of appeal under Rule 4 or for making [an]
application ex parte under Rule 16(3) may extended by the Court below on [an]
application made before the expiration of that period.

17 However, since the applicant was applying for an extension of time _after_
the deadline for filing a notice of appeal had passed, his application was
rightly made to the Court of Appeal. This court’s power to grant extensions of
time is governed by O 3 r 4, which states in its material parts as follows:

**Extension, etc., of time (O. 3, r. 4)**

**4**. —(1) The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or
abridge the period within which a person is required or authorised by these
Rules or by any judgment, order or direction, to do any act in any
proceedings.

(2) The Court may extend any such period as is referred to in paragraph (1)
although the application for extension is not made until after the expiration
of that period.

…

(4) In this Rule, references to the Court shall be construed as including
references to the Court of Appeal.

…

**The law**

18 The general legal principles applicable to an application for extension of
time to file a notice of appeal were recently set out by this court in _Lai
Swee Lin Linda v AG_ [2006] 2 SLR 565 (“ _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ”) at [45], as
follows:

The applicable principles governing the jurisdiction of the court to extend
the time for filing and/or serving a Notice of Appeal were laid down, most
notably perhaps, by the decision of this court in _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen
Edwin_ (“ _Pearson_ ”) [1991] SLR 212. The court there held (at 219, [20])
that “the application … for an extension of time … should be on grounds
sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to him”. In this regard,
four factors have been utilised by the courts to ascertain whether or not the
court should be so persuaded. These include the length of delay; the reasons
for the delay; the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing were
extended; and the prejudice caused to the would-be respondent if an extension
of time was in fact granted: see _Pearson_ at 217, [15]; _Hau Khee Wee v Chua
Kian Tong_ [1986] SLR 484 at 488, [14]; _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Vithya Sri Sumathis_ [1999] 3 SLR 239 at [24]; _Tan Chiang Brother’s
Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 225 at
[27]; _AD v AE_ [2004] 2 SLR 505 at [10]; as well as _Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco
Products Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 561 at [8] and [11]. When applying
these factors, the overriding consideration is that the Rules of Court must
_prima facie_ be obeyed, with reasonable diligence being exercised: see the
Privy Council decision of _Thamboo_ _Ratnam v Thamboo Cumarasamy and
Cumarasamy Ariamany d/o Kumarasa_ [1965] 1 WLR 8 (“ _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ ”)
at 12 and the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Chai Heng v Yeo Seng
Choon_ [1980-1981] SLR 381 at 382, [5]. This court has also pointed out, in
_The Melati_ [2004] 4 SLR 7 at [37] that the “paramount consideration” is the
need for finality. It should be borne in mind, in this regard, that the would-
be appellant has already “had a trial and lost”: see _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ ,
_supra_ at 12. Hence, if no appeal is filed and served within the prescribed
period (here, of one month), the successful party is justly entitled to assume
that the judgment concerned is final: see _Ong Cheng Aik v Dayco Products
Singapore Pte Ltd_ , _supra_ at [8].

19 The four factors set out above were first enunciated by Chan Sek Keong JC
(as he then was) in the seminal High Court decision of _Hau Khee Wee v Chua
Kian Tong_ [1986] SLR 484 (“ _Hau Khee Wee_ ”). In our view, it is significant
that of the four factors, the emphasis, in the first instance at least, is
invariably on the first two, _viz_ , the length of delay and the reasons for
the delay. This is not surprising because the third factor (_viz_ , the
chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing were extended), whilst
of equal importance relative to the other three factors, is set at a very low
threshold in fairness to the applicant – namely, whether the appeal is
“hopeless” (see the decision of this court in _Nomura Regionalisation Venture
Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 46 (“ _Nomura_ ”) at [32]).
Indeed, as this court put it in _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd v Fraser &
Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 441 (“ _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd_ ”) (at
[43]):

As to the question of merits, it is not for the court at this stage to go into
a full-scale examination of the issues involved. Neither is it necessary for
the applicant to show that he will succeed in the appeal. The threshold is
lower: the test is, is the appeal hopeless? (see [_Nomura_ ([19] _supra_)]).
Unless one can say that there are no prospects of the applicant succeeding on
the appeal, this is a factor which ought to be considered to be neutral rather
than against him.

20 This third factor nevertheless becomes of signal importance where the
appeal is a truly hopeless one. In such a situation, notwithstanding even a
very short delay, an extension of time will generally not be granted by the
court simply because to do so would be an exercise in futility, resulting in a
waste of time as well as resources for all concerned. As Yong Pung How CJ put
it in this court’s decision in _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] SLR 212
(“ _Pearson_ ”) at 218, [17]:

[T]he chances of the appeal succeeding should be considered, as it would be a
waste of time for all concerned if time is extended when the appeal is utterly
hopeless.

21 In so far as the first two factors are concerned, it would generally be the
case that an extremely short delay might be excused without the need for the
court to inquire at length into the reasons for that delay. If the delay is
_de minimis_ , the court may not need to conduct such an inquiry at all.
However, as each case generally differs on its facts from other cases, there
may be exceptions to the general statement of principle just enunciated.

22 If the delay is not merely _de minimis_ , the court must examine the
reasons for such delay. A mere assertion that there has been an oversight is
obviously insufficient and, indeed, could lead to an abuse of process. In the
decision of this court in _Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2002] 3 SLR 357 (“ _Denko_ ”), for example, Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then
was), who delivered the grounds of decision of the court, observed thus (at
[18]):

Not only was the length of the delay quite substantial (bearing in mind [that]
the prescribed period of time within which a party must apply to the judge for
further arguments was only seven days), there were no extenuating
circumstances offered for the ‘oversight’ of the solicitor. Some explanation
should have been offered to mitigate or excuse the oversight _. If, in every
case, ‘oversight’ is per se a satisfactory ground, we run the risk of turning
the rules prescribing time into dead letters. It would be observed in breach.
It would be all too simple for a party to run to a judge to ask for indulgence
because of oversight. The need for finality must be borne in mind._ [emphasis
added]

23 In our view, what would amount to a satisfactory explanation for the delay
in question would depend very much on the precise factual matrix concerned. As
we have already noted above (at [21]), the facts of each case will invariably
be different. However, underlying the assessment of any explanation must
surely be the need to ensure that justice and fairness are ultimately achieved
in the context of the need to ensure that there is finality in litigation.
This overarching consideration is considered in more detail below (at
[33]–[35]).

24 The fourth factor (_viz_ , the prejudice caused to the would-be respondent
if an extension of time was in fact granted) would also depend very much on
the precise facts before the court. However, we view it as being of some
significance. As Woo Bih Li J put it in the decision of this court in _Wee
Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG_ [2005] SGCA 3 (“ _Wee Soon Kim Anthony_ ”) at
[53]–[54]:

53 We would say at the outset that the prejudice referred to in the four
factors is the prejudice to the would-be respondent if an extension of time
were granted and not the prejudice to the would-be appellant if the extension
were not granted. This is clear from _Hau Khee_ _Wee_ [[19] _supra_] and
_Pearson_ [[20] _supra_]. After all, the application for an extension of time
arises out of the would-be appellant’s default and not the default of the
would-be respondent.

54 Furthermore, the prejudice cannot possibly refer to the fact that the
would-be appellant would be deprived of his right of appeal if the extension
were not granted. Otherwise, it would mean that in every case where an
extension of time is sought by a would-be appellant, there would inevitably be
prejudice to him.

25 However, as is the case with the second factor, the prejudice alleged must
be tangibly proven. As this court observed in _Aberdeen Asset Management Asia
Ltd_ ([19] _supra_) at [44]:

_The ‘prejudice’ cannot possibly refer to the fact that the appeal would
thereby be continued, if the extension is granted. Otherwise, it would mean
that in every case where the court considers the question of an extension of
time to file notice of appeal, there is prejudice._ We endorse the views
expressed in this regard by Woo Bih Li JC in _S3 Building Services v Sky
Technology_ (judgment of 8 May 2001 in Suit 1001/2000) [[2001] SGHC 87]. _The
‘prejudice’ here must refer to some other factors, eg change of position on
the part of the respondent pursuant to judgment_. [emphasis added]

See also _Wee Soon Kim Anthony_ ([24] _supra_) at [55].

26 Nor can the respondent argue that there has been prejudice by virtue of the
fact that it would be unable to obtain the benefits of the judgment until the
disposal of the appeal. As has been observed by this court in _Ong Cheng Aik v
Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 561 (“ _Ong Cheng Aik_ ”) at
[19], “[i]n any event, post-judgment interest should take care of that”.

27 Further, in the High Court decision of _S3 Building Services Pte Ltd v Sky
Technology Pte Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 87 (affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _S3
Building Services Pte Ltd v Sky Technology Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 241, but
without any specific comment on this particular point), Woo Bih Li JC (as he
then was) observed at [69] that “the prejudice must be one that cannot be
compensated by an appropriate order as to costs”.

28 All this having been said, we should reiterate that all four factors are of
equal importance, and must be taken into account. They are to be balanced
amongst one another, having regard to all the facts and circumstances of the
case concerned (see, for example, this court’s decision in _AD v AE_ [2004] 2
SLR 505 (“ _AD_ ”) at [15]). Indeed, it is important to emphasise, once again,
that the precise facts and circumstances of each case are all-important (see,
for example, _Hau Khee Wee_ ([19] _supra_) at 487, [11]), and that prior
precedents are helpful only in so far as they enunciate general principles.
There could, of course, be a prior decision that is truly “on all fours” with
the case at hand, but this is likely to be extremely rare.

29 The courts also look to substance as opposed to merely form. Hence, in this
court’s decision in _AD_ ([28] _supra_), it was held at [9] that

[A]n application to extend time to serve a notice of appeal filed within time
is no different in nature from that to extend time to file a notice of appeal
out of time as an appeal would only come into being where the notice is both
filed and served. Accordingly, an application for an extension of time to
serve a notice of appeal out of time should be treated on the same basis as an
application to extend time to file a notice of appeal out of time ...

30 It should also be noted that the aforementioned principles apply to
applications to extend the time for appealing (which was the situation in the
present applications), and, to that extent, apply equally to applications for
an extension of time to _file_ a notice of appeal as well as to applications
for an extension of time to _serve_ the notice of appeal. On this point, we
endorse the High Court decision of _Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v
Ethical Investments Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 686 at [16] (affirmed on appeal in
_Nomura_ ([19] _supra_ , but without any comment on this particular point).
However, these principles generally do not apply to other situations, such as
an application to set aside a default judgment. As Lord Guest, delivering the
judgment of Privy Council in _Ratnam v Cumarasamy_ [1965] MLJ 228 (“ _Ratnam_
”), observed (at 230):

In the one case the litigant has had no trial at all: in the other he has had
a trial and lost.

31 It has, in a similar vein, been held by this court in _Ong Cheng Aik_ ([26]
_supra_) at [14] and [16] that:

[T]here is clearly a difference between an application for an extension of
time to file a notice of appeal out of time and that for an extension of time
to file or serve the record of appeal out of time. In the former situation,
there is no appeal; in the latter there is already an appeal, only that the
appellant has failed to take a required step in time. ...

…

While the four factors may be applicable to both types of applications for
extension of time to do an act in that they assist the court in determining
whether there is “some material” for the court to exercise its discretion in
favour of the applicant,_it must follow as a matter of logic and justice that
the “material” required for an application for extension of time to file a
notice of appeal out of time should be weightier or more compelling than that
required for other applications for extension of time._ At the end of the day,
the court must, after weighing all the circumstances, come to the conclusion
that the application deserves sympathy: see _Pearson_ [[20] _supra_] at 219,
[20].

[emphasis added]

32 Another illustration is the distinction which the courts draw between an
application for an extension of time to file a notice of appeal out of time
and an application for an extension of time to file affidavits of evidence-in-
chief out of time in relation to a pending action. The leading decision in
this regard is that of this court in _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105. Tan
Lee Meng J, who delivered the grounds of judgment of the court, observed thus
(at [20]):

It would therefore appear that the court adopts a more stringent approach with
respect to applications to appeal out of time as compared to other
applications to extend time. The instant case does not involve an application
to appeal out of time. It concerns an application by the appellant to file an
affidavit out of time, coupled with an application by the respondents to
strike out the appellants’ defence.

A similar approach is adopted with respect to an application for an extension
of time to file and serve a statement of claim (see the decision of this court
in _The Melati_ [2004] 4 SLR 7 at [37]).

33 It is clear, therefore, from the above cases, that the courts will adopt a
far stricter approach towards applications for extension of time for the
filing and/or serving of a notice of appeal relative to other situations. This
is not without good reason. The overriding concern in the context of _appeals_
is that there be _finality_. Indeed, the one-month deadline for the filing of
a notice of appeal is not an arbitrary one. Underlying the concern with
finality is the fundamental rationale of _justice and fairness_. The decision
concerned has, _ex hypothesi_ , gone against the losing party (_ie_ , the
would-be appellant), and the onus is therefore on it to file an appeal if it
feels that the decision is wrong. Correspondingly, the other party (the would-
be respondent), having had the decision handed down in its favour, should not
be kept waiting – at least, not indefinitely – on tenterhooks to receive the
fruits of its judgment. For better or for worse, the applicant must decide
whether or not it wishes to appeal. As this court observed in _Ong Cheng Aik_
([26] _supra_) at [8]:

In respect of such an application for extension of time [to file or serve a
notice of appeal out of time], the court takes a rather strict view of things
and sufficient grounds must be shown before the court will exercise its
discretion. This is because if no appeal is filed and served within the
prescribed time of one month, the successful party is justly entitled to
assume and act as if the judgment is final.

34 In a similar vein, this court observed in _The Melati_ ([32] _supra_) at
[37] that:

Where a notice of appeal is involved, there is already an adjudication by the
court and if a losing party is dissatisfied, he should file his notice of
appeal within the prescribed time. The paramount consideration there is the
need for finality.

35 The present system is eminently just and fair. Indeed, if the losing party
is unsure whether or not to appeal against the decision, it can always file
its notice of appeal first. Such notice can later be withdrawn if it is so
desired. Alternatively, the appeal can be allowed to lapse. This being the
case, it is clear that if the losing party drags its heels or is otherwise
lackadaisical about its right to appeal, then it cannot legitimately ask the
court for an extension of time to appeal. This is logical, commonsensical as
well as (above all) just and fair. In the oft-cited words of Lord Guest in
_Ratnam_ ([30] _supra_) at 229:

The Rules of Court must _prima facie_ be obeyed, and in order to justify a
court in extending the time during which some step in procedure requires to be
taken there must be some material upon which the court can exercise its
discretion. **_If the law were otherwise, a party in breach would have an
unqualified right to an extension of time which would defeat the purpose of
the rules which is to provide a [timetable] for the conduct of litigation._**
[emphasis added in bold italics]

36 Enough has been said to illustrate a broader – albeit related – point. The
rules of procedure – such as the one presently considered – are intended to
ensure that one of the two twin pillars of justice is achieved, _viz_ ,
_procedural_ justice. The other pillar is that of _substantive_ justice. As
was observed in the High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 425 at [4]–[9]:

It is axiomatic that every party ought to have its day in court. This is the
very embodiment of _procedural_ justice. The appellation “procedural” is
important. Procedural justice is just one aspect of the holistic ideal and
concept of justice itself. In the final analysis, the achievement of a
substantively just result or decision is the desideratum. It is more than
that, however. It is not merely an ideal. It must be a practical outcome – at
least as far as the court can aid in its attainment.

However, the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed approach
to the effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to be the
case. The obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just outcome does
not justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve that objective.
There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which the final outcome
is achieved.

Indeed, if the procedure is unjust, that will itself taint the outcome.

On the other hand, a just and fair procedure does _not_ , in and of itself,
ensure a just outcome. In other words, procedural fairness is a necessary but
not sufficient condition for a fair and just result.

The quest for justice, therefore, entails a continuous need to balance the
procedural with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to
ensure that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be – as far as is possible – a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do – and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how, I believe,
laypersons perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the
law in their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as
far as is possible, be enhanced.

It is true, however, that in the sphere of practical reality, there is often a
_tension_ between the need for procedural justice on the one hand and
substantive justice on the other. The task of the court is to attempt, as I
have pointed out in the preceding paragraph, to _resolv_ _e_ this tension.
There is a _further_ task: it is to actually attempt, simultaneously, to
_integrate_ these two conceptions of justice in order that justice in its
fullest orb may shine forth.

[emphasis in original]

Significantly, the observations just quoted were reproduced in their entirety
in one of the leading local commentaries on civil procedure: see Jeffrey
Pinsler (gen ed), _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at para
1/1/10. These observations were also similarly reproduced in Jeffrey Pinsler
and Cavinder Bull, “Civil Procedure” (2005) 6 SAL Ann Rev 97 at para 6.88.

37 And in a decision of this court in _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_
[2007] SGCA 22, it was observed (in a similar vein) thus (at [82]):

The rules of court practice and procedure exist to provide a convenient
framework to facilitate dispute resolution and to serve the ultimate and
overriding objective of justice. Such an objective must never be eclipsed by
blind or pretended fealty to rules of procedure. On the other hand, a
pragmatic approach governed by justice as its overarching aim should not be
viewed as a charter to ignore procedural requirements. In the ultimate
analysis, each case involving procedural lapses or mishaps must be assessed in
its proper factual matrix and calibrated by reference to the paramount
rationale of dispensing even handed justice.

38 Further, in the recent High Court decision of _Tan Sia Boo v Ong Chiang
Kwong_ [2007] SGHC 131, Choo Han Teck J made the following pertinent
observations (at [4]) which, although relating to the somewhat different
context of the adduction of further evidence, are of general significance and
merit quotation:

Rules and procedure are designed to facilitate the fair disposal of legal
proceedings and every litigant is expected to comply with the rules. Finality
is the specific aspect of fairness in issue. It is sometimes said that rules
should not be followed “blindly”. I think it equally important that this
aphorism is not cited “blindly”, that is to say, that the phrase is not cited
merely to make a disregard of rules sound correct. It will be useful to remind
ourselves why rules need to be obeyed. Procedural rules are designed to
produce a fair result in litigation by making clear what the process is in
legal proceedings. If rules are disregarded whenever one party says it is
unfair or unjust to follow them, then, in effect, there will be no rules
because anyone can make such a claim whenever a rule or result does not suit
his purpose. Rules provide finality in the legal process. The public as well
as the parties concerned will expect a point when proceedings must end. They
will expect that when the rules have been complied with, the court will hand
down its decision; and, subject to the rules relating to an appeal to a higher
court, the proceedings end and will not be permitted to linger or be revived.
No one ought to be allowed to re-argue his case save in accordance with the
rules relating to the right of appeal.

39 The various observations quoted above take on even more significance in the
light of the applicant’s constant refrain in the present applications that the
rules and principles relating to an extension of time for filing an appeal are
mere legal technicalities. We would only pause to observe that it is necessary
to have some legal structure which furnishes the appropriate guidance. Even
the applicant’s own arguments presuppose a legal structure; indeed, the _very
attempt_ to make any arguments would _necessarily_ presuppose some sort of
legal structure. Unfortunately, however, we shall see that the applicant
proposed nothing by way of a legal framework. His legal structure, as it
turned out, was a “non-structure”; it was, in effect, a call to the court to
decide _arbitrarily_ – and, not surprisingly – in his favour. Arbitrariness
and unjustified preference – in both process as well as result – are the _very
antithesis_ of the rule of law. As was observed in the High Court decision of
_Chee Siok Chin v AG_ [2006] 3 SLR 735 (at [116]):

[A]dherence to the law is the essence of the rule of law, which centres on
objectivity as opposed to arbitrary subjective feelings (in this particular
instance, of misguided sympathy). And respect for the law is not merely a
practical necessity; it is an ideal without which arbitrariness will rear its
ugly head. Merely dressing such arbitrariness up in various labels without
more is to be eschewed, for labels without substance constitute not only empty
rhetoric but also exceedingly dangerous things indeed – and all the more so
when they have a superficial attractiveness, and nothing more. The exercise,
as well as the ideal, of freedom are legitimate and real only when they are
effected in accordance with the legal rules concerned.

40 We now need, in fact, to turn to evaluate the applicant’s own arguments as
to why he did not file his notices of appeal within the stipulated time of one
month. In order to do so, we will commence by setting out his arguments. We
will then set out the plaintiffs’ arguments, before setting out the reasons
why we dismissed the present applications.

**The applicant’s arguments**

41 The applicant’s arguments fell under two basic categories.

42 The first centred on the merits of his case (_viz_ , the third factor set
out in _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18] _supra_)). The applicant, by reference to
the minute sheets of the proceedings on 11 and 12 September 2006, sought to
argue that the Judge had been biased in favour of the plaintiffs. According to
the applicant, Mr Ravi had been ill and had been certified as medically unfit
to attend court on those two days. The applicant argued that in these
circumstances, it was inappropriate for the Judge to have heard the summary
judgment applications alone in chambers with Mr Singh. Also, the defendants’
request for a two-week adjournment ought to have been granted as it was not
unreasonable. The applicant also took issue with the Judge allegedly
attributing actions to him when he was not present. She also allegedly made
remarks which showed her bias towards the plaintiffs. The applicant emphasised
that this was not a “normal case” because of the respective parties’ status as
political figures.

43 The second argument proffered by the applicant sought to address the second
factor set out above (at [18]), _viz_ , the reasons for the delay. It is
interesting to note that at no point did the applicant argue that his close to
seven months’ delay (the first factor set out above) was not lengthy. He
argued, instead, that he had been embroiled in two criminal proceedings that
had been brought against him. He also argued that he was not a trained lawyer
and lacked the resources to handle the various legal proceedings which he was
involved in.

**The plaintiffs’ arguments**

44 Mr Singh referred to the four factors set out above (at [18]) and proceeded
to apply them to the facts in the present applications.

45 Commencing with the _first_ factor, _viz_ , the length of delay, Mr Singh
referred to _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18] _supra_), where there had been a delay
of three months and 19 days. He pointed out that the delay here was almost
twice as long as it was in excess of six months, and that, in his knowledge,
there had been no reported case in Singapore where a delay of six months had
been held to be acceptable.

46 In so far as the second factor was concerned, _viz_ , the reasons for the
delay, Mr Singh argued that the dates of the applicant’s involvement in other
proceedings (see above at [43]) did not explain why he (the applicant) had not
taken steps earlier to file the requisite notices of appeal in September and
October 2006, by which time he had already been aware of his right of appeal.

47 Mr Singh then proceeded to refer in some detail to the applicant’s letter
of 27 September 2006 (which has been reproduced in full above at [11]). He
pointed out that this letter demonstrated that the applicant was aware of his
right of appeal. The only reason given in the letter as to why the applicant
could not lodge his appeals was that the defendants could not pay the security
deposit of $10,000. Mr Singh argued that from the date of that letter to the
present, nothing had happened to change the situation. Thus, there was no
acceptable explanation as to why nothing had been done by the applicant in the
interim period. Mr Singh also argued that the applicant was no stranger to
making applications to the court, having done so in 2003 (with respect to
Suits Nos 1459 of 2001 and 1460 of 2001), where he had applied for an
extension of time to file and serve notices of appeal (indeed, the relevant
documents show that the applicant had also requested a partial waiver of the
security deposit). Being familiar with the necessary procedure, there was no
reason why the applicant could not have done the same _this_ time around if he
felt that he was unable to raise the necessary funds for the security deposit.

48 In so far as the issue relating to the waiver of deposit was concerned, Mr
Singh, relying on _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18] _supra_ at [48]), argued that
financial difficulties _per se_ were not sufficient to justify an extension of
time. He also argued that the requirement for a security deposit was a
mandatory requirement which, therefore, could not be waived. In any event, Mr
Singh argued, the applicant had not furnished the court with any details of
his financial situation and, if the applicant was granted leave to file his
notices of appeal out of time, the plaintiffs would, in law, be entitled not
only to security for costs, but also to fortification of such security.

49 Turning to the _third_ factor, _viz_ , the chances of the appeal succeeding
if the time for appealing were extended, Mr Singh argued that the letter
tendered by the applicant to this court _vis-à-vis_ Mr Ravi’s medical
condition (considered at [103]–[106] below) should not be taken into account
as the doctor who wrote it had been certifying a state of affairs on a day
when he had not in fact reviewed the patient concerned (_viz_ , Mr Ravi). He
further argued that, in any event, the Judge’s conduct of the proceedings
could not be criticised.

50 In so far as the _fourth_ factor was concerned, _viz_ , the prejudice
caused to the would-be respondent if an extension of time was in fact granted,
Mr Singh argued that the proceedings with regard to the assessment of damages
had already been subject to numerous adjournments at the applicant’s request,
with the applicant allowing the resultant costs to be incurred knowing that,
as he was a bankrupt, these costs could not be recovered against him.

**Our decision**

51 We turn, now, to apply each of the abovementioned four factors (in [18]
above) to the facts in the present applications.

**_The length of delay_**

52**** The length of delay involved in the present applications bordered on
_seven_ months. This appears to be unprecedented in local case law. Looking
merely at the factor of the length of delay, the respective delays in prior
cases run the gamut – ranging from nine days (_Tan Chiang Brother’s Marble (S)
Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 225), 12 days
(_Pearson_ ([20] _supra_)), 14 days (_Denko_ ([22] _supra_)) and 18 days
(_Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd_ ([19] _supra_)) to 24 days (_Hau Khee
Wee_ ([19] _supra_)), 49 days (_AD_ ([28] _supra_)) and three months and 19
days (_Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18] _supra_)). In _AD_ , the court correctly
observed (at [11]) that the delay of 49 days was “[b]y any standard … a very
substantial delay”. (In that particular case, the party seeking an extension
of time also took another 12 days to serve the application on the other
party’s solicitors). However, as mentioned above, the facts in each of these
cases were different.

53 What is crucial in the context of the present proceedings is the fact that
the delay here – bordering on _seven_ months – was _nothing short of
extraordinary_. In the circumstances, and in accordance with the general
principles set out above (at [22]–[23]), the onus was on the applicant to
provide the court with good reasons for the delay – which is, in fact, the
second factor, to which we now turn.

**_The reasons for the delay_**

54 The first main plank in the applicant’s argument, it will be recalled, was
premised on the merits of his case – in particular, the alleged bias exhibited
by the Judge during the hearings in chambers on 11 and 12 September 2006 (see
[42] above).

55 However, this issue of bias is, in substance and effect, no different from
that which the applicant had already covered in his letter of 27 September
2006 (which has been reproduced in full above at [11]). More significantly,
this particular letter (written slightly under two weeks after the actual
hearing before the Judge and prior to the expiry of the time within which the
applicant had to file his notices of appeal) clearly evinced an intention on
the part of the applicant to appeal against the Judge’s decision on the
summary judgment applications. _Crucially, that very letter contained, in
substance, the same grounds that are before us, thus indicating in no
uncertain terms that the defendants had already conceived of the grounds on
which their intended appeals would be based by that date,_ viz _, 27 September
2006. Put simply, the position as at 27 September 2006 was, in substance and
effect, the same as that which presently exists. If so, how then can the
applicant claim that there were satisfactory reasons for the delay of almost
seven months – particularly as, during this period, he had done nothing but
maintain the_ status quo _as at 27 September 2006?_

56 __ Indeed, the applicant himself, whilst emphasising (as well as relying
on) the minute sheets of the hearings before the Judge on 11 and 12 September
2006, respectively, did not controvert the indisputable fact embodied within
his letter of 27 September 2006 to the effect that he had (as noted above)
_already decided, as at that date, to appeal_ against the decision of the
Judge. The applicant himself had, in fact, stated in oral submissions before
this court that when the 12 September 2006 minute sheet was made available to
the defendants, it “made it even more important” that an appeal against the
Judge’s decision was lodged because of what had transpired in chambers in the
applicant’s absence.

57 In other words, the applicant had already decided to appeal (as a matter of
principle and importance) as at 27 September 2006, but – in his own words –
the receipt of the 12 September 2006 minute sheet “made it even more
important” that he file an appeal. We pause here to note that it seemed to us
rather strange that the applicant would have received the minute sheet only in
January 2007 from Mr Ravi (see [13] above). However, as Mr Singh did not see
fit to pursue this particular point, we need say no more about it.

58 A key consideration in so far as the application of the second factor to
the facts of the present proceedings is concerned is, in fact, that of
diligence. In _Ong Cheng Aik_ ([26] _supra_), for example, which concerned an
application for an extension of time to file the record of appeal out of time,
the court noted that the applicant there had made the application _before_ the
prescribed time to file the record of appeal had expired. As we have also seen
above (at [31]), that was a situation where that applicant had, _ex hypothesi_
, already filed and served its notice of appeal (which was _not_ the case in
the present proceedings). Of importance, in our view, are the court’s
observations in that case with respect to the _attitude_ of the applicant,
whom it found “had wanted to comply with the rules” and who “did not take
things for granted” (see _Ong Cheng Aik_ at [17]). As we have just noted
above, however, the applicant’s attitude in the present proceedings was quite
different.

59 We also note that the applicant, despite his protestations that he was not
a trained lawyer, was nevertheless no legal babe-in-the-woods. Mr Singh drew
our attention (which, significantly, the applicant did not do) to the fact
that the applicant had, with regard to two previous actions, actually filed an
application for extension of time to appeal as well as for partial waiver of
the security deposit (see above at [47]). Significantly, that application had
been effected (_via_ Notice of Motion No 48 of 2003) prior to the deadline for
filing a notice of appeal in those two cases. Given the applicant’s intention,
as evinced in his letter of 27 September 2006, to appeal against the Judge’s
decision, could he not, at the very least, have filed an application for
extension of time to appeal _prior to the deadline for filing the requisite
notices of appeal_ , rather than _almost seven months later_? The applicant
offered no reason for this inexcusable lapse. More significantly, at that
particular point in time (_ie_ , when he wrote the letter of 27 September
2006), and even on the applicant’s own stated timeframe, the applicant had not
been embroiled yet in the criminal proceedings which he claimed had distracted
him from filing his notices of appeal in the present suits (see [43] above).

60 We note, further, that the filing of either an application for an extension
of time to appeal or even a notice of appeal itself is a relatively simple
procedure, and the applicant’s excuse that he was embroiled in other legal
proceedings is therefore unpersuasive.

61 It is clear, in our view, that the length of delay was an inordinate –
perhaps, even an unprecedented – one. Further, no satisfactory reasons were
given by the applicant for such a delay.

**_Whether or not the appeal is hopeless_**

_(a) Introduction_

62 The third factor, _viz_ , the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for
appealing was extended, centres on the question of whether or not the intended
appeal itself is hopeless.

63 In this regard, an important observation has to be made at the outset:
Before this court, the applicant did not address the main reasons why the
Judge did not grant the adjournment application. This was, _ipso facto_ ,
fatal to the present applications – at least in relation to the present
factor. As we shall see, the applicant raised issues before this court that
were at best peripheral and at worst irrelevant in a bid to extend the time
for appealing. In fairness, we will consider these issues, but we must
necessarily commence with the main reasons why the Judge did not grant the
adjournment application.

_(b) The attempt to drag out the proceedings and to coerce the court into
granting an adjournment by walking out on the proceedings_

64 The above heading summarises the main reasons why the Judge did not grant
the adjournment application. These reasons are, in fact, embodied in the
following paragraphs of the GD ([7] _supra_) at [15]–[16]:

In view of the pattern of the defendants’ conduct which I have recounted in my
written judgment for OS 1203/2006 (see _Chee Siok Chin v Attorney-General_
[2006] 4 SLR 541), I agreed with Mr Singh. I found it difficult to explain the
defendants’ conduct in instituting OS 1203/2006, which was patently
unmeritorious, on any plausible basis, save on the ground that the defendants
were attempting to drag out the proceedings in the present actions.

Above all, factually and more importantly, the defendants walked out even
before the court had had an opportunity to rule on their application for an
adjournment. In my view, their absence was a deliberate attempt to coerce the
court into granting them an adjournment. This was decidedly material to the
exercise of my discretion in refusing an adjournment. It superseded any need
to consider whether the defendants would be able to proceed with the O 14
summons if the adjournment was refused … A court has to be astute and alert to
stratagems such as the staged exit devised by the defendants. Otherwise, the
court would be playing into the hands of a litigant who deliberately walks out
of proceedings in a fit of pique and yet manages to secure an adjournment by
simply not being there. If that happens, the court will be seen to be
rewarding defiant, disdainful, unruly, and disruptive behaviour. Any conduct
that attempts to thwart the court’s process, as was the case here, cannot be
countenanced as it seeks to undermine the court’s authority and brings the
court into disrepute. Similar sentiments were expressed in no uncertain terms
by Yong Pung How CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997] 3 SLR 382 at [14]:

There are many things which a lawyer or a litigant can do which do not
necessarily hinder or delay court proceedings, but which nevertheless
interfere with the effective administration of justice by evincing a
contemptuous disregard for the judicial process and by scandalising or
otherwise lowering the authority of the courts. We are inviting anarchy in our
legal system if we allow lawyers or litigants to pick and choose which orders
of court they will comply with, or to dictate to the court how and when
proceedings should be conducted.

65 It was clear, in the Judge’s view, that the earlier proceedings referred to
above were a mere attempt “to drag out the proceedings in the present action”.

66 More importantly, the applicant _walked out_ on the proceedings even before
the Judge had ruled on the adjournment application. As we shall see below (at
[68]), there was clearly no justification for such an action. We agree with
the Judge that the applicant was seeking to coerce the court into granting the
defendants an adjournment. This was not the first time that this had happened.
In _Chee Siok Chin v AG_ ([5] _supra_), the plaintiffs (the defendants in the
present proceedings) and their counsel (Mr Ravi) walked out of the chambers
hearing, although there, they did so after the court turned down the
plaintiffs’ oral application to hear the originating summons (“OS”) in that
case in open court. As the court in that case observed (_id_ at [16]):

After I declined to hear the OS in open court, Mr Ravi promptly informed me of
his instructions not to participate in a hearing in chambers as CSC [Ms Chee]
and CSJ [the applicant] did not wish to legitimise the process. Yet,
curiously, Mr Ravi invited the court to consider his written submissions which
were already before the court. I should mention that I indicated to Mr Ravi
that it was not necessary for his clients to make a decision straightaway, as
I was prepared to give them until the next day to decide. After conferring
with his clients outside Chamber 5A, Mr Ravi again informed me that the
plaintiffs vehemently registered their objections to my decision that the
proceedings were not to be heard in open court and that they did not want to
legitimise the proceedings, presumably because the proceedings were to remain
in chambers. _The plaintiffs and their counsel walked out. The seriousness of
a potential constitutional challenge in the OS and its ostensible merits paled
swiftly into insignificance as soon as the publicity of an open court hearing
was denied to them. The plaintiffs’ decision to walk out of the chambers
hearing was not surprising. Foremost in their minds was the publicity of an
open court hearing since the media was expected to be present._ [emphasis
added]

67 _There is a clear pattern on the part of the defendants to walk out on
proceedings whenever it suits their purpose_. This is a serious abuse of
process which cannot be lightly papered over. This would not be acceptable
conduct even in a non-legal context, where (amongst other things) basic rules
of courtesy would apply. Not surprisingly, the applicant did not at any point
in the proceedings before this court even refer to the fact that he and Ms
Chee had walked out on the proceedings in OS 1203/2006 and likewise in the
present suits where the hearing on 12 September 2006 was concerned – still
less, even begin to justify such conduct. The applicant sought, instead, to
argue, first, that there had been bias on the part of the Judge and, second,
that Mr Ravi had in fact been ill that day (_ie_ , 12 September 2006). Even
though we shall demonstrate below that neither of these grounds stand up to
scrutiny, we should observe, at this juncture, that these reasons are wholly
irrelevant inasmuch as they did not constitute the basis upon which the Judge
refused the adjournment application. Let us elaborate.

68 As a close reading of the 12 September 2006 minute sheet will reveal, the
main point of contention before the Judge was that the defendants wanted a
lawyer to represent them, and they walked out on the proceedings when the
Judge wanted Mr Singh to respond to the adjournment application first before
deciding whether to grant the adjournment. How this constitutes rational
and/or reasonable conduct on the part of the defendants completely eludes us.
In any event, it was clear that no issue of bias was alleged at that time.

69 In so far as Mr Ravi’s alleged incapacity was concerned, the applicant had
to obtain a medical certificate which complied with the _Supreme Court
Practice Directions_. He did not do so on 11 September 2006. Nevertheless, the
defendants were granted an adjournment of one day, during which time they
could have procured a proper medical certificate. This was still not
forthcoming on 12 September 2006. There ensued a lengthy exchange between the
applicant and the Judge over the issue of the discharge of Mr Ravi as the
defendants’ lawyer. A close perusal of the 12 September 2006 minute sheet
demonstrates that the defendants were wholly unclear about whether Mr Ravi had
been discharged or whether they were going to discharge him (this was also
noted by the Judge (see GD ([7] _supra_) at [11])). Be that as it may, what
_is_ clear is that the defendants at no point raised Mr Ravi’s alleged
incapacity as a substantive ground for adjournment. The adjournment
application turned, instead, on the fact that Mr Ravi was no longer (or would
no longer be) their lawyer. The _reason_ why this was so was _not central_ to
the application. Whether or not the reason for the adjournment application
would have resulted in the grant of an adjournment by the Judge will, of
course, never be known because, as already stated, upon the Judge asking Mr
Singh to respond to the application, the defendants, without any modicum of
courtesy, simply walked out on the proceedings without more. That Mr Ravi’s
medical condition was not the pivotal consideration in the Judge’s decision
not to grant an adjournment is evident from the following observations (see GD
at [9]):

**_In the absence of medical evidence that Mr Ravi was medically unfit to
conduct the case in court on 12 September 2006,_** and bearing in mind the
requirements of the _Supreme Court Practice Directions_ which had already been
highlighted the previous day (a copy of the relevant provisions was even sent
to Mr Ravi under cover of Mr Singh’s letter dated 11 September 2006), I was of
the view that Mr Ravi’s absence _per se_ was certainly not a ground for an
adjournment. The question was then whether there was nonetheless **_some
other_** good or valid reason for granting a further adjournment of the O 14
summonses. [emphasis added in bold italics]

70 It is clear, in our view, that the Judge was entirely justified in holding
that an adjournment could not be granted not only because the defendants were
apparently seeking to drag out the proceedings but also (and, more
importantly, in our view) because they had walked out on the proceedings in an
attempt to coerce the Judge into granting them an adjournment (see above at
[64]). In the circumstances, the present applications for extending the time
for appealing against the Judge’s decision in the summary judgment
applications were wholly without merit. In short, they did not meet the very
low threshold criteria laid down by the factor presently considered inasmuch
as the applicant’s intended appeals were indeed hopeless.

_(c) The merits of the summary judgment applications_

71 However, this is not the end to the matter. Whilst the applicant focused in
the present applications on the issue of the adjournment, this was but one
part of an integral set of proceedings. Put simply, the applicant also had to
demonstrate why his case based on the merits _vis-à-vis_ the summary judgment
applications was not a hopeless one. After all, these applications were the
very pith and marrow of the proceedings before the Judge on 11 and 12
September 2006.

72 Unfortunately, the applicant did _not_ address this issue _at all_. The
Judge’s reasons for entering summary judgment for the plaintiffs are set out
_in extenso_ in her judgment. We have looked at them carefully and find them
hard to fault. Perhaps, this is why the applicant has chosen not to take issue
with them. This is yet another reason why the present applications must fail.

73 There is, in the circumstances, no need to address the issues which the
applicant raised before us. As already pointed out above, they were also in
fact irrelevant as they did not address the Judge’s reasons for dismissing the
adjournment application. However, we will nevertheless proceed to consider the
applicant’s arguments so as to assess their underlying substance or lack
thereof.

74 We turn, first, to the applicant’s allegation that the Judge had exhibited
bias towards the defendants.

_(d) The issue of alleged bias_

75 Whilst the applicant had argued – based principally on the minute sheets of
the hearings before the Judge – that the Judge was biased, it did not appear
to us that that was the case. At no point did the Judge even appear to say
anything that could have constituted bias on her part. The passages from the
minute sheets which the applicant quoted were rather selective and (more
importantly) were taken out of context. Most importantly, the Judge delivered
detailed grounds for her decision (see GD ([7] _supra_)). This particular
judgment dealt both with the issue of the refusal to grant the defendants an
adjournment as well as the substantive issue with respect to the grant of
summary judgment in favour of the plaintiffs. The applicant’s complaints on
the merits, as already noted, focused only on the former (_viz_ , the issue of
the Judge’s refusal to grant the defendants an adjournment). In fairness to
the applicant, we will now examine the specific portions of the minute sheets
which he alleged demonstrated bias on the part of the Judge. Before proceeding
to do so, however, it is important to note that the applicant had been present
throughout the hearing on 11 September 2006 and for most of the hearing on 12
September 2006. In so far as the latter hearing was concerned, this is
reflected by the fact that the applicant (and Ms Chee) were noted (in the 12
September 2006 minute sheet) to have walked out at p 15 of the 19-page
certified transcript of the 12 September 2006 minute sheet (“the Certified
Transcript”).

76 Turning to the specific allegations of bias on the part of the Judge, the
applicant referred, first, to p 17 of the Certified Transcript. Indeed, as
noted in the preceding paragraph, this recorded that part of the hearing in
chambers which took place after the defendants walked out on the proceedings.
The applicant pointed, in particular, to the following observations by the
Judge as follows:

CSJ [the applicant] hedging bets. If MR [Mr Ravi] is well enough, MR will be
back. If MR is not well, he will look for another lawyer.

77 The above observations must, however, be interpreted _in their proper
context_. This is both logical as well as commonsensical, not to mention just
and fair. In this regard, it is clear that the Judge had made these
observations by way of an attempted summary of the essence of the submissions
made by Mr Singh (that are recorded at pp 15–17 of the Certified Transcript)
in order to ensure that she had correctly understood the points he was making.
Indeed, the response by Mr Singh was in the affirmative, as evidenced by his
statement which followed immediately after the aforementioned observations by
the Judge (see p 17 of the Certified Transcript):

Absolutely. 2nd D [Ms Chee] did not say MR is discharged. So asking for
application for adjournment to be dismissed. Asking that we proceed with O14.

78 The applicant next referred to the Judge’s observations at the top of p 18
of the Certified Transcript, which are as follows:

He [the applicant] will say this is not a case under O32 that parties not
here. He was here but left.

79 The applicant questioned how the Judge would have begun to know what he
would or would not have done. In the circumstances, the Judge’s statement as
quoted in the preceding paragraph demonstrated, according to the applicant, a
mindset of partiality towards the plaintiffs. The applicant objected to what
he perceived as Mr Singh “cheering” the Judge on with remarks like
“Absolutely”, as well as to Mr Singh’s reference to natural justice (see [81]
below). He deplored what he called a “tea session” in chambers between the
Judge and Mr Singh.

80 Before we deal with the applicant’s argument on this particular point, it
is important, once again, to place the Judge’s observations (at [78] above)
_in context_.

81 These were, in fact, the observations made by the Judge, followed by the
response from Mr Singh, as recorded at pp 17–18 of the Certified Transcript
(with the observations complained of by the applicant set out in bold
italics):

Ct: _Proceeding in absence of defendant. Before I rule on this to clarify
this. What is position. Not a case of no show completely but they left.
Decision to leave is his_. Put on record that CSJ [the applicant] was here and
they left. He will have to accept ruling on adjournment in his absence.

**_He will say this is not a case under O32 that parties not here. He was here
but left_.**

DS:[Mr Singh] ** _O32 r5. So long as Natural Justice achieved._** _Party_
_aware of matter before the ct. but elects nevertheless to walk out. He can’t
complain if matter proceeds. Indeed he can’t be in a better position than a
person who does not turn up. [Your Honour] cautioned him of the consequences
and he knows my instructions are to proceed._ Part of modus. Knowing that and
the consequences he chooses/elects to walk out. He will find it hard to set
aside based on his conduct.

_If we allow adjournment, it will secure for such litigants a privilege_ [sic]
_position. Is it that litigants in such a situation walk out and can secure an
adjournment?_

Ordinary litigants do not behave like this. He chose to walk out. He chose not
to bring his lawyer to Court. His lawyer chose not to turn up knowing what the
consequences [were] going to be. I urge [Your Honour] not to hesitate to
proceed against people who walk out to improve chances of adjournment. I’m
worried about the precedent this will set of walking out and achieve [_sic_]
adjournment. ‘Anarchy’. Lawyers and laymen don’t do that in respect of the
court. We would be rewarding rowdy behaviour.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

82 When the relevant part of the Certified Transcript as set out in the
preceding paragraph is closely scrutinised in its proper context, it is clear
that the applicant has wrenched the statements complained of completely out of
their context in order to buttress his allegations that the Judge had been
biased. Let us elaborate.

83 It is clear that the Judge had – as her own words attest – wanted to
_clarify the situation_. In particular, she had wanted to clarify whether the
situation was one that fell within the purview of O 32 r 5 of the Rules of
Court, the relevant part of which reads as follows:

**Proceeding in absence of party failing to attend (O. 32, r. 5)**  
**5.** —(1) Where any party to a summons _fails to attend_ on the first or any
resumed hearing thereof, the Court may proceed in his _absence_ if, having
regard to the nature of the application, it thinks it expedient to do so.

(2) Before proceeding in the absence of any party, the Court may require to be
satisfied that the summons or, as the case may be, notice of the time
appointed for the resumed hearing was duly served on that party.

…

[emphasis added]

84 If O 32 r 5 applies, the court can, of course, proceed in the applicant’s
absence “if it thinks it expedient to do so”. However, in the present case,
the applicant did in fact attend the proceedings, but subsequently walked out.
It was clear, in our view, that the Judge was merely wondering whether it was
open to the applicant to argue (if the court proceeded with the hearing in the
applicant’s absence) that the court could not do so pursuant to O 32 r 5 on
the basis that this provision dealt only with a situation where a party to the
proceedings did not even attend in the first instance. In any case, the Judge
made it clear that, given the fact that the applicant had made a conscious and
deliberate choice to walk out on the proceedings, he would have to accept the
ruling made in his absence pursuant to O 32 r 5 on the adjournment
application. Far from there being any bias on the part of the Judge, it is
clear that the Judge was ensuring that the legal basis upon which she would
proceed to hear as well as rule on the adjournment application was clearly
spelt out. She had, in this regard, referred to O 32 generally, and all Mr
Singh did (in the passage at [81] above, which constituted part of the
complaint levelled by the applicant in the present applications) was to
indicate as well as confirm for the record the precise rule under that
particular order (_viz_ , r 5) which was applicable. How Mr Singh’s (relevant)
response constitutes “cheering [the Judge] on”, as the applicant contended
before us, eludes us entirely. Further, Mr Singh’s reference to natural
justice was both appropriate and fair.

85 One must not lose sight of the precise situation. Put simply, the applicant
had applied for an adjournment of the summary judgment applications. He
subsequently walked out on the proceedings with Ms Chee. The Judge still had
to rule on the _applicant’s_ application for an adjournment. However, in the
light of the fact that the applicant had earlier stated his reasons for
seeking an adjournment and (more importantly) had made a conscious and
deliberate choice to walk out on the proceedings, the Judge was satisfied that
the principles of natural justice had been accorded to the applicant, and that
there had been no breach of due process _vis-à-vis_ the applicant whether in
form or substance. How this translates to bias on the part of the Judge in
relation to the applicant escapes us completely. Indeed, the situation would
appear to be _the exact opposite_ of what the applicant would have us believe.
It was not, as the applicant put it, “a tea session” between the Judge and Mr
Singh. On the contrary, the Judge was most concerned to ensure that, given the
applicant’s decision to walk out on the proceedings, justice was not only
done, but also seen to be done.

86 We note that the applicant also referred to other portions of the 12
September 2006 minute sheet. However, those portions record the situation
while the applicant was still present at the hearing. The initial references
by the applicant were, presumably, merely to set the backdrop as to why the
adjournment application was not, as Mr Singh argued, a ploy, but a _bona fide_
request. We shall come to this in a moment. However, before proceeding to do
so, we should deal the applicant’s argument before us that the Judge had
evinced bias by speaking up for Mr Singh during the hearing. More accurately,
the court was seeking to let Mr Singh speak. However, the applicant objected
on the basis that if _Mr Singh_ was making an application, the applicant ought
to be allowed to seek legal advice before Mr Singh proceeded. Before us, the
applicant alleged that the Judge had evinced bias when she said that Mr Singh
was not making an application, but was merely responding to the applicant’s
application. In particular, he referred to the following statement by the
Judge to him (see p 5 of the Certified Transcript):

No, he [Mr Singh] is not making an application.

87 As the _context_ is of crucial importance in so far as this particular
argument is concerned, we set out the relevant parts of the 12 September 2006
minute sheet in full (including the statement referred to by the applicant in
the preceding paragraph), as follows (see pp 2–3 and 14–15 of the Certified
Transcript):

CSJ:[The applicant] I think the only option left for me/us since Ravi is not
well is to apply to discharge MR [Mr Ravi] and look for another lawyer. I will
do the necessary to bring this into effect and look for another lawyer.

DS:[Mr Singh] Applying to proceed notwithstanding new ploy which we
anticipated as a result of what CSJ said yesterday. Knowing this card would be
played, we prepared brief submissions [tenders submissions]

Sets out the history leading up to this predictable discharge stratagem.

Defendants have no defence.

CSJ: I am without counsel. I need time.

Ct: He is responding to your application.

CSJ: I informed the Court I discharged counsel and am without counsel.

DS:  _I’m responding to your application._

Ct: Let me hear what DS has to say.

CSJ: If that is the case, I don’t want to be on record to say I’m here. I’m on
record, as saying I want to have a lawyer present to advise me. People have
told me in the past cases since no lawyer was present certain things happened
that should not have happened if I had a lawyer.

Ct: DS is simply responding to your application. ...

…

[After the defendants return from a brief adjournment outside chambers]

...

DS: May I start?

CSJ: If DS wants to start, should there not at least be _time for me_ to go
through all this, seek legal advice, as I understand it _he_ is _making an
application_.

Ct: ** _No, he is not making an application. He is responding to your
application for an adjournment. I can give you time to read written
submissions._** DS is recounting the facts.

CSJ: If it is that simple, there would be no need for lawyers in Singapore. If
you could, let me excuse myself from the proceedings.

Ct: You are making an application. I need to hear all parties.

CSJ: Please excuse me. May I be excused. I think you’ve made yourself very
clear and so have I. Thank you.

Ct It is not for me to excuse you. It is your choice.

[11.05am CSJ and CSC [Ms Chee] walk out.]

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

88 It can be clearly seen from the exchange set out above that the Judge was
responding to the applicant’s request for more time to go through the
plaintiffs’ submissions on the basis that Mr Singh was, as the applicant
understood it, “making an application”. This was, of course, _inaccurate_ as
Mr Singh was responding to _the applicant’s application for an adjournment._
This is, in fact, _precisely what the Judge stated in response to the
applicant’s request_. Mr Singh had initially stated that he was “[a]pplying to
proceed” (see p 2 of the Certified Transcript). Of course, this is not legally
correct for the reason we have just given, and Mr Singh subsequently corrected
himself and confirmed that he was merely responding to the applicant’s
application (see p 3 of the Certified Transcript). However, the applicant has
simply wrenched this exchange (in particular, the sentence quoted at [86]
above) out of its context in order to embellish his case.

89 We observe, in fact, that a close perusal of the minute sheets of the
hearings on 11 and 12 September 2006 (in particular, the 12 September 2006
minute sheet) will reveal that the Judge repeatedly emphasised that in order
to decide on the applicant’s request for an adjournment, it was imperative
that she hear Mr Singh’s response to the application before arriving at a
decision. This was the invocation and application of the _basic principles of
natural justice_. That the Judge was unwilling to grant the adjournment
application _without first hearing the other side_ (here, represented by Mr
Singh) represented her application of one of the twin pillars of natural
justice embodied within the well-known Latin maxim, “ _audi alteram partem_ ”
– in other words, “hear the other side”. What the applicant in fact desired,
on the other hand, was for a decision in favour of his application for an
adjournment to be made _without more and, more importantly, without giving the
other side an opportunity of being heard_. In the circumstances, this was not
only the _very antithesis_ of justice and fairness but also constituted an
attempt by the applicant _to circumvent or bypass a central principle of
natural justice in order to arrive at his desired end_.

90 When it was obvious that he could not achieve his objective of obtaining an
adjournment through his chosen means, the applicant and Ms Chee simply walked
out on the proceedings in a last-ditch attempt to achieve their desired end.
This was, of course (and as the Judge held), wholly unacceptable for the
reasons which we have already canvassed above (at [67]–[70]). Be that as it
may, it is clear that the applicant’s argument to the effect that the Judge
had been biased towards the defendants was wholly without merit for the
reasons which we have just set out above.

91 However, this is not the end to the matter. The applicant also sought to
argue before us that the adjournment application was not (as Mr Singh argued
on behalf of the plaintiffs) a ploy, but was in fact justified by the fact
that Mr Ravi was clearly unable to continue to represent the defendants at
that time owing to medical reasons. Again, we need to reiterate that this was
not a crucial ground in the Judge’s decision not to grant the defendants an
adjournment and, hence, was irrelevant. Even so, this particular argument is
also without merit. Let us elaborate.

_(e) Mr Ravi’s medical condition_

92 It is important to note, at the outset, that the only documentary evidence
available before the Judge in so far as Mr Ravi’s medical condition was
concerned was the medical certificate from a dentist (see [8] above). This was
not considered satisfactory, but this point was not raised as an issue before
us.

93 Before this court, however, the applicant introduced _two further (and
completely new) documents_. Although this was an unusual procedure which
required legal justification (even, as here, where the party seeking to do so
was a layperson), no objection was taken by Mr Singh.

94 The first was a copy of a medical certificate dated 23 September 2006 (“the
Medical Certificate”), which stated that Mr Ravi was unfit to attend court and
that he was in hospital. It also stated that Mr Ravi had been hospitalised on
20 September 2006.

95 It should, however, be noted that the material dates of the hearings before
the Judge were 11 and 12 September 2006. This was more than a week _prior_ to
the date when Mr Ravi was said to have been hospitalised pursuant to the
Medical Certificate. This certificate was therefore of no direct relevance to
the medical condition of Mr Ravi on 11 and 12 September 2006 – if nothing
else, because the doctor concerned would not have had an opportunity to
examine Mr Ravi on (or prior to) 12 September 2006. The Medical Certificate
was, at best, evidence of Mr Ravi’s medical condition as at 20 September 2006,
the date of his admission to hospital. Most importantly, this medical
certificate was not before the Judge. How then could this court now consider
it in ascertaining whether the Judge had arrived at a correct decision with
regard to the adjournment application? Nor did the Medical Certificate satisfy
the conditions laid down in the seminal decision of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1
WLR 1489, where Denning LJ (as he then was) set out (at 1491) the following
three cumulative conditions, which have been adopted and applied by Singapore
courts on many occasions:

To justify the reception of fresh evidence or a new trial, three conditions
must be fulfilled: first, it must be shown that the evidence could not have
been obtained with reasonable diligence for use in the trial; secondly, the
evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, although it need not be decisive;
thirdly, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, although it need not be
incontrovertible.

96 Before proceeding to elaborate on why the Medical Certificate did not
satisfy the criteria laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_ ([95] _supra_), it is
important to note that the Judge did not, in point of fact, premise her
decision on the defendants’ inability to furnish a valid medical certificate
(see GD ([7] _supra_) at [9]). The Judge relied, instead, on two main grounds.
The first related to the pattern of the defendants’ conduct (see GD at [15]),
and the second related to the deliberate attempt by the defendants to coerce
the court into granting them an adjournment by walking out on the proceedings
(see GD at [16], as well as the Judge’s observations quoted above at [64]).

97 But, _even if_ this court was prepared to entertain the argument that the
Medical Certificate was at least _some_ evidence of Mr Ravi’s medical
condition as at 11 and 12 September 2006 (which, as explained in the preceding
paragraph, we in fact _cannot_), insurmountable difficulties remain. These
difficulties, as already alluded to above, also explain why the conditions in
_Ladd v Marshall_ ([95] _supra_) have _not_ been satisfied.

98 The first is this: Why did the applicant not produce a similar medical
certificate _earlier_? After all, the Judge had adjourned the hearing on the
morning of 11 September 2006 in order to provide the applicant with time to
procure the requisite medical certificate by that afternoon; in a nutshell, it
was clear that a medical certificate was required. If there had, in fact, been
problems procuring such a medical certificate, the applicant could also have
informed the Judge accordingly. If Mr Ravi had truly been ill, such a medical
certificate could have been obtained as a matter of course. The procurement of
a medical certificate is a simple procedure. Indeed, to say that it is a
routine one is truly an understatement.

99 Secondly, the Medical Certificate itself is short on details. This was not
a typical medical certificate with both a start-date as well as an end-date;
it was, in short, a medical certificate of indefinite duration. It did state
that Mr Ravi was “unfit to attend court – in hospital”. However, there were no
other details; nor was there any follow-up document.

100 Thirdly, and perhaps most importantly, the Medical Certificate was
apparently issued in relation to _radically different proceedings altogether_
which did not involve either of the defendants – namely, Criminal Motion No 24
of 2006, which was an application to this court for a stay of a criminal trial
in the Subordinate Courts – and where, in the light of this particular medical
certificate, an adjournment was granted on 25 September 2006. (The criminal
motion was ultimately heard on 18 October 2006 and the decision of the court
is to be found in _Ng Chye Huey v PP_ [2007] 2 SLR 106). On 25 September 2006
itself, the court adjourned the hearing at 10.40am. Hearing resumed at 12.00
noon, at which time the Medical Certificate was produced for the first time
before the court. After hearing further submissions from all parties, the
court granted a final adjournment of the criminal motion to the week
commencing 16 October 2006 and left it to the applicants to decide whether
they wanted Mr Ravi or another lawyer to represent them, or whether they
wished to represent themselves in person. It is clear, therefore, that the
Medical Certificate was obtained for the purposes of the above criminal
motion. Indeed, whilst the Medical Certificate is dated 23 September 2006 and
states that Mr Ravi had been hospitalised on 20 September 2006, it is clear
that the copy tendered to the court was a faxed copy and was, as it clearly
indicates, faxed on 25 September 2006, the very date of the hearing of that
criminal motion.

101 The important question that arises is this: If the applicants in that
particular case could procure a medical certificate on the same day as the
hearing there, why could not the applicant in the present suits have done
likewise? Why was he now relying on a medical certificate relating to
_different_ proceedings (_ie_ , Criminal Motion No 24 of 2006) when he could
easily have procured a medical certificate with respect to his _own_
proceedings? We cannot help but conclude that the applicant’s reliance on a
medical certificate which related to a different set of proceedings altogether
was another misguided attempt by the applicant to paper over the very serious
deficiencies in his case, which was based on the argument that Mr Ravi was
unfit to attend court on 11 and 12 September 2006.

102 Fourthly, bearing in mind that the onus was on the applicant to satisfy
the court that there were good reasons for the delay, why did he not produce,
in the context of the present applications, the Medical Certificate earlier
together with these applications if, indeed, this particular medical
certificate was relevant to his applications?

103 The second document comprised a letter from the same doctor who issued the
Medical Certificate (“the Letter”). The Letter itself is dated 30 July 2007.
It is entitled “Re: _Supplementary_ Medical Report of Mr Ravi S/O Mandasamy …”
[emphasis added]. The material parts read as follows:

1\. The above named (hereafter referred to as Mr. Ravi) was assessed at the
hospital on 20th September 2006 and thereafter admitted until 5th October
2006. He had been brought to the hospital by his immediate family and close
friends.

4\. [_sic_] Judging from my assessment made _at the time of admission and over
the period of his stay_ at [the hospital], _together with the information
obtained from his relatives and friends_ , I am convinced that Mr. Ravi had
been unwell since the beginning of September.

5\. He did not attend court on September 11th and 12th 2006 and at this time
he was already unwell. He was medically unfit to attend court and had he done
so, it would probably have resulted in adverse consequences for [himself] as
well as those he would have been in contact with.

6\. Kindly excuse his absence from court during these dates (September 11th
and 12th 2006) as he was medically unwell and unfit to attend court.

[emphasis added]

104 A reasonable analysis of the above paragraphs of the Letter supports Mr
Singh’s argument that the Letter itself was an historical document which did
not add anything to the applicant’s case before this court. Indeed, it is
clear that the Letter does not add anything whatsoever to what was contained
in the Medical Certificate. First, the Letter refers to the doctor’s
assessment of Mr Ravi “made at the time of admission and over the period of
his stay” at the hospital. Yet, according to the Medical Certificate, we have
already seen (above at [94]) that the date of admission was 20 September 2006.
As we have already emphasised above (at [95]), the doctor concerned would not
have had an opportunity to examine Mr Ravi on 11 or 12 September 2006 – which
was more than a week prior to the earliest date on which the doctor could have
examined and ascertained Mr Ravi’s medical condition. More importantly, the
Medical Certificate was not relevant, and, in any event, we have seen that
even if the benefit of the doubt is given to the applicant, there were
nevertheless numerous difficulties with this medical certificate (see above at
[95]–[102]).

105 The only other relevant information in the Letter is the reference to “the
information obtained from his [Mr Ravi’s] relatives and friends”. This is but
a mere assertion and, more importantly, does not refer to the state of
knowledge of Mr Ravi’s relatives and friends as at 11 and 12 September 2006.

106 In the circumstances, the Letter itself does not support the applicant’s
arguments with respect to Mr Ravi’s medical condition on 11 and 12 September
2006.

107 In any event, as noted above (at [69]), the Judge had arrived at her
decision not to grant the defendants an adjournment based on grounds other
than the failure to furnish a valid medical certificate.

_(f) Conclusion_

108 Having regard to our analysis of both the applicant’s arguments on bias as
well as the documents which he tendered to us, the inexorable conclusion is
that the case which the applicant advocated was a _hopeless_ one. In the
premises, the _third_ factor set out in _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18] _supra_)
was _clearly not satisfied_.

**_Whether prejudice would be caused to the would-be respondent if an
extension of time was granted_**

109 The general principles with regard to the fourth factor mentioned at [18]
have already been set out above (at [24]–[27]). In so far as the present
applications are concerned, the plaintiffs argued (as noted above at [50])
that the defendants had already proceeded substantively down the legal route
towards the assessment of damages, and had thereby incurred costs which they
knew could not be recovered against the applicant as he was a bankrupt.

110 It should be noted that if, as the plaintiffs have argued and we have
found, the applicant’s intended appeals were hopeless, the parties would have
had to proceed to the assessment of damages stage in any event. Regardless of
whether or not there was in fact an appeal, the costs of the assessment of
damages would have had to be borne by the plaintiffs because of the
applicant’s bankruptcy. Thus, prejudice to the would-be respondents in the
instant case cannot lie in the mere fact that steps have already been taken in
the assessment of damages proceedings.

111 In our view, if it could be said that prejudice would be caused to the
plaintiffs by granting an extension of time, this would lie in the manner in
which the assessment of damages proceedings have taken place thus far. The
first pre-trial conference (“PTC”) was held on 26 September 2006. At that
time, the applicant told the court that he needed time to confirm whether Mr
Ravi was well enough to be his counsel. The next PTC was fixed for 31 October
2006. On 29 October 2006, the applicant wrote to the Registrar to ask for a
postponement of the 31 October 2006 PTC, explaining that Ms Chee was “away”
till 2 November 2006 while he himself was involved in a trial. The next PTC
was thus heard on 14 November 2006 instead, where the applicant, Ms Chee and
the ninth defendant were present. The court directed that the parties were to
file their respective lists of documents by 18 December 2006 and to inspect
the documents by 29 December 2006. On 12 December 2006, Ms Chee wrote to the
assistant registrar asking for an extension of the deadline for filing the
defendants’ list of documents by one month as the applicant had been
incarcerated on 23 November 2006. The deadline was hence extended to 18
January 2007. However, on 8 January 2007, the applicant wrote to the Registrar
asking for another extension of the deadline for filing the list of documents.
He explained that he had been released from prison on 16 December 2006 and
needed time to recover. He was also facing a trial in the Subordinate Courts
which was to be heard on 3 January 2007. Also on 8 January 2007, the Registrar
notified the parties that a PTC would be scheduled on 9 January 2007. The
applicant wrote back on the same day (_ie_ , 8 January 2007) asking for the
following day’s PTC to be postponed because of the trial mentioned earlier.
The PTC was thus refixed to 30 January 2007. On 26 January 2007, the applicant
wrote to the Registrar asking for a postponement of the PTC to March 2007 as
his trial had been rescheduled to 29–31 January 2007. The Registrar wrote to
the applicant on 29 January 2007 suggesting that he make a request to the
district judge hearing the trial to start the hearing a little later in the
afternoon on 30 January 2007 so as to enable the applicant to attend the PTC.
The applicant wrote back on the same day (_ie_ , 29 January 2007) stating that
he was unable to attend the PTC because he was unable to handle two matters at
the same time. He said that he also had another PTC to attend to. The PTC was
thus adjourned to 13 February 2007. At the hearing on 13 February 2007, the
court extended the deadline for filing the lists of documents to 20 March 2007
and fixed a further PTC on 27 March 2007. At the hearing on 27 March 2007, the
applicant indicated that he needed time to decide on which course of legal
action he should take. The court fixed the next PTC on 10 April 2007. As the
defendants were absent from that hearing, the PTC was rescheduled to 17 April
2007. On 11 April 2007, Ms Chee wrote to the Registrar to explain that the
defendants had been absent from the 10 April 2007 hearing because they had
been under the impression that the hearing was to be on 20 April 2007 instead.
At the 17 April 2007 PTC, the applicant told the court that he had filed the
present summonses. A further PTC was fixed on 21 May 2007 (which was later
refixed to 22 May 2007).

112 Each of the many adjournments recounted in the preceding paragraph
necessitated the attendance and efforts of the plaintiffs’ counsel. This
translated into costs. With the exception of the first PTC on 26 September
2006, the work done in relation to the above proceedings would probably have
been avoided if the applicant had filed his notices of appeal within time. If
the assessment of damages proceedings had been stayed at an earlier point in
time until a date after the outcome of the intended appeals, the exchange of
the lists of documents with respect to the assessment of damages (if the
appeals were unsuccessful) would, in all probability, have proceeded more
smoothly and with fewer adjournments. The costs occasioned by the above
adjournments (which could have been avoided) cannot be claimed from the
applicant as he is a bankrupt and, thus, must be borne by the plaintiffs.
However, there was not really sufficient argument from the plaintiffs on this
point and we therefore made no finding on the issue of prejudice where costs
were concerned. In any case, such a finding was not necessary in the present
applications in order for us to arrive at our conclusion, given what we had
decided in so far as the first three factors mentioned at [18] above were
concerned.

**_Whether the court has a discretion to waive the security deposit_**

113 Given our decision that the applicant has failed in his applications for
an extension of time for filing the notices of appeal, it is unnecessary to
consider whether or not this court is in a position to waive the security
deposit.

114 However, given the fact that all the parties to the present proceedings
have addressed us on this particular issue, it would be appropriate to comment
briefly on it.

115 Order 57 rr 3(3) and 3(4) of the Rules of Court constitute the starting
point, and read as follows:

(3) The appellant _must_ at the time of filing the notice of appeal provide
security for the respondent’s costs of the appeal in the sum of $10,000 or
such other sum as may be fixed from time to time by the Chief Justice by —

(_a_) depositing the sum in the Registry or with the Accountant-General and
obtaining a certificate in Form 115; or

(_b_) procuring an undertaking in Form 116 from his solicitor and filing a
certificate in Form 117.

(4) The Court of Appeal may at any time, in any case where it thinks fit,
order further security for costs to be given.

[emphasis added]

116 The above rule is a mandatory provision and therefore cannot be waived by
the court (see _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ([36] _supra_) at para 57/3/5).
Indeed, as O 57 r 3(4) stipulates, the Court of Appeal may even order
_further_ security for costs to be given in an appropriate case. There is good
reason why this is so. As Prof Pinsler put it (_id_ at para 23/1/1):

A person against whom a claim is brought may be entitled to security for his
costs. The basis of this principle is that he may not recover his costs from
the claimant in the event that the latter fails in his action. The provision
of security for costs ensures that a successful defendant will have a fund
available within the jurisdiction against which he can enforce the judgment
for costs.

117 The observations just quoted were in relation to O 23 r 1 of the Rules of
Court, which applies to first instance proceedings, where it is not mandatory
for the court to make an order for security for costs. Nevertheless, the basic
rationale as embodied in these observations is applicable, _a fortiori_ , in
the case of appeals (where, it should also be noted, the would-be appellant
has already had its day in court). Indeed, the sum of $10,000 stipulated in O
57 r 3(3) is not an exorbitant one, as the legal costs involved in a typical
appeal are usually far in excess of that sum. This particular rule balances
the need to avoid constraining the right of appeal unnecessarily with the
contrasting (albeit no less important) need to deter frivolous appeals that
constitute an abuse of process.

118 We acknowledge that the applicant in this case is a bankrupt. However,
this factor constitutes a double-edged sword. Whilst the applicant argues
that, as a bankrupt, it is extremely difficult for him to raise the necessary
funds for the security deposit, it is equally true that if the security
deposit is waived, the applicant would effectively have obtained a right of
appeal free from any need to compensate the plaintiffs if his appeals fail. As
we have already observed (at [116] above), the requirement of a security
deposit under O 57 r 3(3) is mandatory. Further, it does not necessarily
follow that because the applicant is a bankrupt, he cannot raise the necessary
funds. Indeed, there are many litigants, also bankrupts, who are not exempt
from this particular requirement. As we shall emphasise in more detail below
(at [123]), every right almost invariably entails a corresponding obligation.
As was pointed out to the applicant during oral submissions before this court,
he was not the only litigant who faced difficulties raising the requisite
funds for the security deposit. His allegation that he was a politician
subject to immense pressures did not mean that he was therefore entitled to
special treatment. As this court observed in _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ([18]
_supra_ at [48]), in a proposition that applies to _all_ litigants:

[T]he appellant did refer to her financial difficulties as a reason for her
tardiness in filing and serving her Notice of Appeal – in particular, to her
difficulties in furnishing the $10,000 security for costs as required under O
57 r 3(3). Whilst we sympathise with the appellant, financial difficulties
_per se_ are not, in our view, sufficient to justify an extension of time. The
various rules centring around the provision of security for costs and the need
to be prompt in filing and serving one’s Notice of Appeal would otherwise be
set at naught.

119 This is not to say that, in extreme and meritorious cases, there might not
be a solution to the problem (for example, an extension of time for provision
of the security deposit). In any event, this was not a meritorious case at
all. The applicant neither disclosed the efforts made (if any) to raise the
security deposit nor asserted that he needed more time to do so. Indeed, as we
have already emphasised, the issue relating to the provision of the security
deposit was academic since we have found that the applicant could not even
satisfy the court why he should be allowed an extension of time to file his
notices of appeal in the first place.

**Conclusion**

120 The applicant failed to satisfactorily explain why he did absolutely
nothing for close to seven months, although the objective evidence clearly
shows that he had already decided to appeal against the Judge’s decision on
the summary judgment applications _prior_ to the expiration of the period
within which the notices of appeal had to be filed. Further, the filing of a
notice of appeal or an application to extend the time for filing such a notice
is a relatively simple procedure. Indeed, the applicant had himself filed a
similar application in _previous proceedings_ for both an extension of time as
well as a waiver of the security deposit (see [47] above).

121 The applicant also failed completely to address the main reasons why the
Judge did not grant the defendants an adjournment on 12 September 2006. In
particular, he failed to explain why he and Ms Chee had simply walked out on
the proceedings that day. He also failed to explain why the defendants’ case
with regard to the summary judgment applications was not hopeless; indeed,
this particular issue was not addressed at all. His arguments, which were
premised on alleged bias on the part of the Judge as well as on a medical
certificate and a letter wholly unrelated to the proceedings concerned (see
[100] above), were not only irrelevant and misconceived but also lacked any
merit.

122 All rules and principles, whether procedural or substantive, must be
observed. They provide the structure without which decisions cannot be arrived
at in a just, fair and objective manner. They apply to _all_ litigants
concerned, regardless of their socio-economic or even political status.
Indeed, arbitrariness and “palm tree justice” would result if such rules and
principles are not observed; worse still, if they are abused.

123 In this last-mentioned regard, as we have noted above (at [89]), the
applicant had actually attempted to obtain a decision (on an adjournment) in
his favour _without giving the other side the right to respond to his
application_. This was the _very antithesis_ of justice and fairness inasmuch
as _the applicant had sought to circumvent or bypass a central principle of
natural justice_. As was observed in _Chee Siok Chin v AG_ ([39] _supra_) at
[117]:

It is also axiomatic, commonsensical as well as just and fair that there
cannot be a claim by a party for the vindication of legal rights without that
party simultaneously fulfilling his or her legal responsibilities. In other
words, one cannot claim one’s legal rights without fulfilling one’s legal
responsibilities. The rhetoric of rights is not a licence for the unilateral
appropriation of advantages without legitimate reciprocation; indeed, such
conduct would be _the very antithesis_ of the ideal underlying the very
concept of rights as legitimately conceived. [emphasis in original]

124 Finally, as we have already noted, although it therefore became
unnecessary to consider the issue of the waiver of the security deposit, we
hold (for the reasons set out above) that this court does not have the power
to waive the requirement set out in O 57 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court.
However, as we have also pointed out above, there are other ways of dealing
with a would-be appellant’s predicament if the circumstances warrant it.
Nevertheless, if (as is the case here) the would-be appellant cannot even
satisfy the court that he has satisfactory reasons that permit the court to
grant him an extension of time to file a notice of appeal to begin with, the
issue centring on the security deposit becomes moot.

125 In the premises, we found the present applications to be totally devoid of
any merit whatsoever, and therefore dismissed them with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

