Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Sia Boo v Ong Chiang Kwong  
[2007] SGHC 131

Case Number | : | Suit 485/2004, SUM 651/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Madam Assomull, Vivian Chew and Chong En-Lai (Assomull & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Sia Boo — Ong Chiang Kwong   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Registrar's appeal on assessment of damages to
judge in chambers – Hearing before registrar akin to trial – Tortfeasor
seeking to adduce further evidence of surveillance conducted after registrar's
hearing – Whether judge in chambers should allow further evidence – Whether
Ladd v Marshall principles applicable  
  

16 August 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff sued the defendant for damages for personal injuries suffered
in a road accident. The plaintiff was standing on a road shoulder along the
Pan Island Expressway on 13 August 2003 when a taxi driven by the defendant
hit him. The defendant consented to interlocutory judgment and the parties
proceeded to an inquiry into damages. That was heard before the Assistant
Registrar Dorcas Quek (“AR Quek”) on 27 July 2006. The inquiry took four days,
namely on 27 and 31 July 2006, and 4 and 12 September 2006. 12 witnesses were
examined, including nine expert witnesses, two of which were for the
defendant. The plaintiff was represented by Mr Srinivasan and the defendant
was represented by Mr Fernandez. On 9 November 2006 AR Quek awarded damages at
65% of liability as follows:

A. _General Damages_

(a) Pain and Suffering

(i) |  head injury |  S$65,000.00 |   
---|---|---|---  
(ii) |  injury to left knee |  S$35,000.00 |   
(iii) |  multiple scars &  
lacerations |  _S$4,000.00_ |  S$104,000.00  
  
(b) Future Medical Expenses

(i) |  physiotherapy for  
manage of vertigo |  S$500.00 |   
---|---|---|---  
(ii) |  medication |  S$9,600.00 |   
(iii) |  medical consultation |  _S$5,760.00_ |  S$15,860.00  
(c) |  Future Loss of  
Earnings |  S$540,000.00 |   
(d) |  Loss of Earning  
Capacity |  S$20,000.00 |   
(e) |  Pre-Trial Loss of  
Earnings |  S$102,000.00 |   
  
B.  _Special Damages_

(a) |  Medical expenses |  S$14,605.33 |   
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  Transport expenses |  S$479.85 |  S$15,085.18  
  
> Sub-Total (Damages at 100%) S$796,945.18
>
> **Damages at 65%**  _**S$518,014.36**_

C. _Interest_

(a) Interest on general damages for pain and suffering of S$67,600.00 at 6%
per annum from the date of Writ of Summons to date of Judgment.

(b) Interest on pre-trial loss of earnings and special damages incurred before
the date of Judgment of S$76,105.37 at 3% per annum from the date of accident
to the date of Judgment.

D. _Interim Payment_

(a) Interim payment made till date in the sum of S$60,000.00 by the Defendant
to be deducted from the total sum payable by the Defendant.

2 The defendant then changed solicitors and Mr Assomull took over as the
defendant’s new lawyer on 21 November 2006. The plaintiff appealed on 22
November 2006 against the award of damages and the defendant cross-appealed on
23 November 2006. The defendant then employed a private investigator to keep
surveillance on the plaintiff and a surveillance report covering four days in
February 2007 and one day in March 2007 was recorded by the investigator. The
record included video recordings of the plaintiff by the investigator. On 12
February 2007 the defendant applied by summons for leave to adduce the new
evidence at the hearing of the appeals. I directed counsel to present written
submissions on the question of whether leave ought to be given to the
defendant to adduce the fresh evidence. This was done by Mr Srinivasan and Mr
Assomull by 25 July 2007. I heard counsel on 26 July 2007. Mr Srinivasan had
nothing further to add whereas Mr Assomull submitted that the plaintiff had
refused to be further examined by the defendant’s medical experts. That was a
legitimate refusal since the inquiry had ended and the court below had handed
down its decision. The defendant was not entitled, in any event, to subject
the plaintiff to any procedure without his consent or a court order. Mr
Assomull also informed the court that the private investigators were
instructed on 2 February 2007 after he had been instructed to take over from
the defendant’s previous solicitors.

3 The defendant also sought to adduce fresh affidavits of the defendant’s
medical experts containing their further comments after viewing the new
surveillance video clip. He had also requested that the plaintiff to be
examined by these doctors but the plaintiff had refused. The issue before me
was whether I ought to grant leave for that evidence, namely the video clip of
the surveillance, to be admitted. Mr Assomull cited _Lassiter Ann Masters v To
Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette)_ [2004] 2 SLR 392 as the authority for the
proposition that “the stringent principles of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR
1489 do not apply to Appeals from a Registrar’s Assessment of Damages”. Both
counsel also referred to _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR 361. The
basic principle there was emphasized by the Court of Appeal in _WBG Network
(S) Pte Ltd v Sunny Daisy Ltd_ [2007] SLR 1133. Generally, _Ladd v Marshall_
may not be strictly applied in cases concerning appeals from a registrar’s
decision. However, where the hearing before the registrar was akin to a trial
in which witnesses are examined, the principles in _Ladd v Marshall_ would
more readily apply. In any event, as was stated in the cases cited above, the
admission of such evidence is still at the court’s discretion. Mr Assomull’s
main argument was that the evidence of the plaintiff’s physical condition as
recorded by camera after the assessment inquiry was not available during the
inquiry, and that the fresh evidence has probative value and would have
affected the quantum of damages assessed. The claim that the fresh evidence
was not available is not a straightforward point. It is obvious that a footage
taken after the assessment could not be shown during the assessment
proceedings, but video and other surveillance can be done before the
proceedings for use during the proceedings. The pertinent point was whether
the defendant ought to have even attempted to conduct surveillance after the
proceedings have ended? The defendant would think it right that such evidence
should now be admitted to show what he would regard as the true state of the
plaintiff’s physical disability.

4 Rules and procedure are designed to facilitate the fair disposal of legal
proceedings and every litigant is expected to comply with the rules. Finality
is the specific aspect of fairness in issue. It is sometimes said that rules
should not be followed “blindly”. I think it equally important that this
aphorism is not cited “blindly”, that is to say, that the phrase is not cited
merely to make a disregard of rules sound correct. It will be useful to remind
ourselves why rules need to be obeyed. Procedural rules are designed to
produce a fair result in litigation by making clear what the process is in
legal proceedings. If rules are disregarded whenever one party says it is
unfair or unjust to follow them, then, in effect, there will be no rules
because anyone can make such a claim whenever a rule or result does not suit
his purpose. Rules provide finality in the legal process. The public as well
as the parties concerned will expect a point when proceedings must end. They
will expect that when the rules have been complied with, the court will hand
down its decision; and, subject to the rules relating to an appeal to a higher
court, the proceedings end and will not be permitted to linger or be revived.
No one ought to be allowed to re-argue his case save in accordance with the
rules relating to the right of appeal. Mr Assomull argued that the principles
in _Ladd v Marshall_ do not apply in this case and that the defendant ought to
be allowed to adduce the new evidence. I shall revert to this shortly.

5 Rules are also necessary for the enforcement of professional discipline and
ethical conduct. Professional discipline in this regard includes the desire
for achieving a high level of professional competence. Evidence and argument
must be adduced and made at the appropriate forum and stage. In this regard,
it will be seen from the cases referred to above that the application of _Ladd
v Marshall_ is relaxed in cases involving an appeal from a registrar’s
decision not only because the High Court in hearing the appeal is bound to
hear it _de novo_ but also because the evidence below was admitted mainly by
affidavit alone. If the hearing before the registrar was similar to a trial,
that is to say, where oral evidence was adduced, as was the case here, the
principles of _Ladd v Marshall_ would be strictly applied. If omissions below
caused injustice to the defendant it can seek redress from doctors and/or
previous solicitors. The mere fact that a new solicitor has his own idea as to
how to conduct his client’s case does not warrant a change or disregard of the
rules so as to accommodate the fresh approach. The new solicitors take the
case as he finds it and must argue his appeal on the law and, if appropriate,
on the facts such as were found by the court below. The new solicitor would
not be permitted to present a case based on fresh evidence when the evidence
should have been adduced below. A new counsel is not entitled to start anew in
this sense. It is not sufficient to say that the fresh evidence will show that
the disability was not as serious when there were no attempts to have a video
recording of this nature in the court below. I accept that it is possible in
some cases that evidence of malingering might elude the inquiry. No specific
allegation of malingering was made in the present case, but the insinuation
was so strong that it reeked through the submission. How would an appellate
court know whether a plaintiff’s disability was the same, less, or more than
at the time of assessment before the Assistant Registrar? The fresh evidence
may or may not be evidence of malingering, and it may or may not have had an
impact on the award had it been adduced at the hearing below. Such questions
cannot be answered without re-examining the witnesses. Should the defendant be
permitted to do so? I am of the view that he should not (I have referred to
the defendant as named although the true defendant is the insurance company
and it is the company that had instructed Mr Assomull). If fresh evidence were
to be permitted on this ground, every defendant will hope to regard this as a
precedent for them to produce post-hearing surveillance evidence. Forensic and
diagnostic medical opinion, as well as the legal expertise of counsel, is, in
my view, sufficient for a fair assessment of the plaintiff’s injuries,
including an assessment of possible malingering. After all, the possibility of
malingering must be foremost in the minds of the legal and medical experts
gathered for the case. It is just as important in the interests of fairness
that deadlines and limits are set for adducing evidence. In this regard, the
doctors should not have been asked to comment on the video clip before leave
to admit the video clip had been given. Consequently, the subsequent medical
opinion based on the video clip also cannot be used as fresh evidence. By the
same principle, a plaintiff will not be permitted to adduce fresh evidence of
a medical diagnosis not adduced at the inquiry into damages just so as to show
that his disability was worse than that found by the court at the inquiry.

6 I alluded to ideals of professional competence and ethical conduct at the
start of the previous passage, and I now return to the point. Lawyers must
discipline themselves in ensuring that they produce all the evidence they
require at the inquiry or trial; no encouragement should be given to the
indolent that they will always have a second attempt to produce what ought to
have been produced or to do what ought to have been done at first instance.
While I emphasize the point that it is the duty of lawyers to adduce all their
evidence at trial, I am in no way suggesting that the defendant’s previous
solicitors were remiss. There was nothing before me to suggest that they were.
A strict adherence to the rules compels lawyers to conduct their clients’
causes expeditiously and comprehensively. That will only enhance the
professional standards. The fairness of the legal and judicial process must be
viewed in its entirety. The process, as a whole, has been developed for the
advancement of everyone’s interest, including those of individuals such as the
present defendant. Everyone, including this defendant, will expect that the
rules and procedure are followed for the sake of finality and that, when the
final line is drawn, its mark applies to everyone. I would thus similarly not
have allowed the plaintiff to adduce fresh evidence of a deeper wound. I am
sure that had that situation arisen the defendant would have been in full
agreement with me.

7 That brings me to the relevance of ethical conduct, which at the superficial
level may seem only obliquely relevant, but in my view, is of great importance
in the present context. Rules are obeyed by people who respect them and a
strong ethical bearing in the lawyer is the stuff that helps ennobles his
profession. I have no reason to think Mr Assomull had an ulterior motive, but
resort to applications of this kind on the basis that the court will change
its mind once it sees the fresh evidence paves the way for some lawyers to
practise one-upmanship over their clients’ previous solicitors. There are
opportunities and time enough for all lawyers to prove their mettle and worth
by honourable means. There was nothing to suggest that the previous solicitors
were remiss in not getting a private investigation underway. It may be that
they were then justified thinking that there was no need for one. Furthermore,
the present plaintiff might have exerted himself beyond his endurance in
desperation for a well-paying job. He might not be able to sustain this effort
and might thus relapse quickly to the state as previously diagnosed (assuming
he was in fact ambulating more than was previously thought possible for him).
All these are questions that require scrutiny and debate, and are precisely
the reason why finality is important. So even if the decision of whether or
not this application should be allowed was left purely to my discretion, I
would not allow the application if only to emphasize the point that unless the
principles laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_ are strictly observed such
applications should not be made. Finally, should the post-hearing surveillance
show that the plaintiff suffered greater disability than the court below was
led to believe, would it not be counsel’s duty to bring that to the court’s
attention? In other words, should a defendant be permitted to carry out post-
hearing surveillance but only produce the results when they are in his favour
but not otherwise? I do not think so. But should the defendant’s solicitors
feel morally and ethically bound to bring results unfavourable to their
clients’ case to the court’s attention, they might be in a quandary _vis-à-
vis_ their clients.

8 For the reasons above I dismissed the defendant’s application. Mr Assomull
applied to stay the hearing of the appeals because he says with great
confidence that the defendant will appeal against my decision above. I did not
allow that application. Mr Srinivasan was ready to argue his appeal and the
appeal was filed months ago. However, accepting Mr Assomull’s word that he was
not ready, I granted him the time he needed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

