Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Creanovate Pte Ltd and Another v Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd and Another
Appeal  
[2007] SGCA 45

Case Number | : | CA 114/2006, 115/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 114 of 2006; Chopra Sarbjit Singh and Suja Michelle Sasidharan (Lim & Lim) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 115 of 2006; Low Chai Chong, Loh Kia Meng and Yeo Shuyuan Joanna (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Creanovate Pte Ltd; Tang Kok Heng — Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Directors of company having interest in
another company – Whether directors breached fiduciary duties to first company
and ss 162 and 163 of Companies Act by causing it to advance moneys to other
company such that first company suffered loss as result – Whether loan within
meaning of ss 162 and 163 of Companies Act extending beyond loans in
conventional sense – Sections 157, 162, 163 Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev
Ed)  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Whether other company's failure to
fulfil conditions precedent under agreement with first company amounting to
total failure of consideration – Whether first company entitled to refund of
moneys advanced to other company  
  

24 September 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The respondent in both Civil Appeal No 114 of 2006 (“CA 114”) and Civil
Appeal No 115 of 2006 (“CA 115”), Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd, is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Firstlink Investments Corporation Limited (“FICL”). It served as
a vehicle for FICL in respect of the latter’s venture into the coal industry.

2 The first appellant in CA 114, Creanovate Pte Ltd (“Creanovate”), is a
limited exempt private company incorporated in Singapore on 27 July 2004. The
appellant in CA 115, Ngu Tieng Ung (“Ngu”), and the second appellant in CA
114, Tang Kok Heng (“Tang”), were former directors of the respondent. Tang was
also the majority shareholder of Creanovate.

3 The respondent, an Indonesian company formed by Tang (PT Perdana Andalan
Coal (“PT PAC”)) and Creanovate entered into a subscription agreement on 8
January 2005 (“the Subscription Agreement”) for the purposes of coal mining
investment in Indonesia. Tang and Ngu, who had been appointed as directors of
the respondent, managed the respondent’s affairs where coal-related activities
were concerned. The full factual background is set out below (at [7]–[30]).

4 In the court below, the respondent succeeded in its claim against Creanovate
(Suit No 521 of 2005) for the aggregate sum of $3.26m. The respondent also
succeeded in its claim for another sum of $1m which had been lent to
Creanovate.

5 In Suit No 523 of 2005, the court below also allowed the respondent’s claim
against Ngu and Tang for the sum of $4.26m. The trial judge (“the Judge”)
found Ngu and Tang liable for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors of
the respondent. The Judge also held that Ngu and Tang would be liable to pay
any shortfall up to the amount of $3.32m (being the aggregate sum of $4.26m
less a sum of $940,000, as the Judge was of the view that the respondent had
failed to adequately plead how Ngu and Tang could be liable to account for
this sum when they were not on the board of the respondent at the time this
sum was advanced) in the event that Creanovate did not pay the aggregate sum
of $4.26m in full.

6 At the hearing before us, we dismissed both CA 114 and CA 115 with costs and
the usual consequential orders. We now give our reasons for doing so.

**Factual background**

7 As part of FICL’s plan to enter the natural resources industry, FICL
acquired a 56.22% stake in Green Salt Group Ltd (“Green Salt”), which had
certain investments in salt mine operations in China sometime in November
2003. The acquisition of the stake in Green Salt entailed FICL issuing
approximately 13% of its enlarged share capital to Asiacorp Development Ltd, a
company in which Ngu was one of the substantial shareholders. As a result,
Ngu, who was then a director of a public listed company in Malaysia, became a
substantial shareholder of FICL. On 1 July 2004, Ngu was appointed to the
Executive Committee of FICL. It was also around this time that Tang approached
Ngu with a business proposal for coal trading.

8 On 27 July 2004, Creanovate was incorporated. Tang, as we have already noted
(at [2] above), was the majority and controlling shareholder of Creanovate.

9 On 10 August 2004, Tang made a presentation to Darren Kee Chit Huei (“Kee”),
the executive director of FICL at that point in time, in respect of the
business proposal for coal trading. The only other director of FICL at the
material time was Joe Wong Siu Kay (“Wong”).

10 Very shortly after, on 19 August 2004, the respondent, Creanovate and Tang
entered into a joint venture agreement dated 19 August 2004 (“JVA”). Under the
JVA, Creanovate and Tang were obligated to supply coal exclusively to the
respondent and were authorised to act as the respondent’s
agents/representatives in the purchase and sale of coal. The respondent was to
provide financing for coal trading, whereas Creanovate and Tang were to
undertake the operational aspects of the business. The trading profits were to
be shared between the respondent and Creanovate in the proportions of 40% and
60% respectively. On 24 August 2004, the JVA was presented to FICL’s board of
directors.

11 Under cl 3 of the JVA, the respondent was required to advance $171,000 to
Creanovate to “set up basic communications, living and transport
infrastructure at the stock pile site prior to the start of the business”. The
respondent therefore disbursed a total of $170,000 ($30,000 on 19 August 2004,
$35,000 on 27 September 2004, $15,000 on 5 October 2004 and $90,000 on 21
October 2004) to Creanovate. These moneys appear to have been lost and have
since been written off entirely in FICL’s accounts for the financial year
ending 31 December 2004. These advances did not form part of the respondent’s
claims against Creanovate.

12 However, even before the coal trading venture under the JVA commenced,
Tang, acting on behalf of Creanovate, started to request for more advances
from the respondent. On 1 September 2004, Tang sought an advance of $30,000
from the respondent as he “need[ed] the money urgently to settle some urgent
outstanding matters”. This sum was purportedly for coal mining.

13 On 6 September 2004, Creanovate (through Tang) wrote to the respondent,
inviting the latter to participate in a coal mining investment in Indonesia by
taking up a minimum 25% shareholding in Creanovate’s subsidiary. In the same
letter, Tang requested an advance of $2m from the respondent to participate in
a coal mining investment in Indonesia. Tang also requested $940,000 by the
next day “to meet our financial obligations”. The respondent accordingly
advanced $940,000 to Creanovate on 7 September 2004.

14 In the court below, an officer from the Overseas Chinese Banking
Corporation (“OCBC Bank”) gave evidence for the respondent. The bank officer,
Mr Andrew Lam, testified that on 7 September 2004, Tang went to OCBC Bank to
encash two cheques, one for $500,000 and the other for $250,000. Upon
encashment, the proceeds were used to purchase two cashier’s orders for
$500,000 and $250,000 in favour of OCBC Securities Pte Ltd and UOB Kay Hian
Pte Ltd, respectively. The named applicant for the cashier’s orders was
Creanovate. The cashier’s orders were duly issued. However, the next day, the
two cashier’s orders were re-deposited into Creanovate’s account. Immediately
thereafter, Tang encashed two cheques for $550,000 and $200,000. The proceeds
from the $550,000 cheque were used by Ngu to purchase a cashier’s order for
$500,000 in favour of Topbound Pte Ltd, a company in which he was a
controlling shareholder. The remaining moneys were pocketed in cash.

15 In the court below, the respondent contended that it was therefore self-
evident that whatever might have been the explanation for re-depositing the
cashier’s orders back into Creanovate’s account, there could be no doubt that
the moneys received by Creanovate were never intended to be used for coal
investments and had been diverted for Tang’s and Ngu’s personal use.

16 Tang and Ngu were appointed as directors of the respondent on 9 and 15
September 2004 respectively. Prior to Tang’s appointment as a director of the
respondent, Kee and Wong had been the only directors. Kee’s evidence was that
Tang and Ngu then took full control of the respondent’s affairs as Kee and
Wong had their own respective roles in FICL’s other businesses.

17 Shortly thereafter, Creanovate asked for further advances. On 3 and 17
November 2004, the respondent advanced the sums of $500,000 and $280,000,
respectively, to Creanovate. The respondent adduced evidence which showed that
these two advances were also withdrawn by Tang in cash on the very day that
they were credited into Creanovate’s account.

18 All these advances were made prior to the parties _,_ _ie_ , the
respondent, Creanovate and PT PAC, entering into the Subscription Agreement on
8 January 2005. According to the respondent, the Subscription Agreement was
the product of discussions between Ngu and Tang. Tang had represented that PT
PAC had a 60% equity interest in PT Kencana Artha Buana (“PT KAB”), which in
turn had a 72.5% equity interest in PT Senamas Energuido Mula (“PT SEM”). Tang
had also represented that PT KAB and PT SEM supposedly had concessions to
extract coal in southern Kalimantan.

19 Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the respondent was to
advance a sum of $2m to Creanovate, the aggregate of $1.72m which had already
been advanced being taken into account. Under cl 2(2) of the Subscription
Agreement, the sums advanced to Creanovate would have to be returned if the
conditions precedent as set out (_ie_ , confirmation from a qualified
authority/solicitor that PT PAC had a 60% equity interest in PT KAB, which had
a 72.5% equity interest in PT SEM) were not met by 22 February 2005. Subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent, the respondent would
subscribe for $3.5m worth of exchangeable bonds (which could be converted into
a 30% equity interest in PT PAC) using the $2m advance and an additional $1.5m
payable upon completion.

20 On 18 January 2005, the respondent advanced $250,000 to Creanovate. The
respondent advanced another $300,000 to Creanovate on 19 January 2005, and
another $280,000 on 20 January 2005. In the court below, evidence was adduced
by the respondent which showed that Tang’s wife, Lim Lee Foon, received
$355,000 on 19 January 2005 by encashing three separate cheques drawn on
Creanovate’s bank account.

21 On 3 February 2005, the respondent advanced a further sum of $710,000 to
Creanovate. This was once again withdrawn by Tang the very same day. By this
time, the sums advanced by the respondent to Creanovate amounted to $3.26m,
which was far in excess of the $2m contemplated under the Subscription
Agreement.

22 On 21 February 2005, Ngu and Tang requested (in the respondent’s name) $1m
from FICL purportedly for coal mining business in Indonesia. According to the
appellants, this sum was needed to fund a shipment of coal to Paul Oil Co Ltd.
In the letter, Ngu and Tang also undertook to FICL’s board of directors that
the sum would be repaid to FICL no later than two months from the date of the
letter. Evidence was adduced by the respondent in the court below which showed
that the moneys had been used by Ngu’s brother, Ngu Tieng Chai, to purchase a
$1m cashier’s order in the name of Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd, a stockbroking
firm the very next day.

23 The respondent wrote to Creanovate on 7 March 2005 reminding it of its
obligations under the Subscription Agreement. Tang replied on 9 March 2005 and
requested an extension of the deadline to 15 March 2005. On 15 March 2005,
Tang wrote to the respondent purporting to attach a legal opinion on the
Indonesian coal mines structure. In the letter, Tang stated that there were
still some outstanding regulatory matters, namely, the issue of whether there
had to be a conversion of PT KAB’s legal status before PT PAC could acquire
shares therein and also regulatory approval of the change in shareholders of
PT SEM. In the court below, the respondent contended that the purported legal
opinion called for an explanation from the appellants since it was allegedly
given by one “Zacky Syarif”, a lawyer from the Indonesian law firm, Syarif,
Thaharsyah & Partner, when Zacky Syarif was, to the respondent’s knowledge, an
employee of PT PAC.

24 On 5 April 2005, FICL resolved to cancel the respondent’s subscription of
exchangeable bonds in Creanovate and convert the investment into a 51% direct
equity interest in PT PAC to be held by Firstlink Coal Pte Ltd, another
wholly-owned subsidiary of FICL. According to the minutes of FICL’s board
meeting, FICL decided to do so because:

[FICL’s] management on its own initiative had obtained a legal opinion from an
Indonesia [_sic_] legal firm, which states that the corporate structure and
the joint venture arrangements are generally in place. However, the 60% shares
in PT KAB is [_sic_] currently held by an individual on behalf of PAC. But ...
Indonesian law does not recognise the concept of trusts and hence it is not
legally binding.

25 Pursuant to the above board decision of 5 April 2005, the respondent,
Creanovate, PT PAC and one Benhard Siagian (“Benhard”) entered into a
settlement agreement (“the Settlement Agreement”). There is a dispute as to
when the Settlement Agreement was entered into. The Settlement Agreement
provided that the Subscription Agreement would be terminated and be of no
effect whatsoever. The Settlement Agreement also provided that the sums
advanced by the respondent to Creanovate pursuant to the Settlement Agreement
would be settled by the transfer of 51% of the shares in PT PAC (“the
Settlement Shares”) from Creanovate to the respondent. The Settlement
Agreement was conditional upon the fulfilment of the condition precedent that
the relevant Indonesian authority approve the transfer of the Settlement
Shares, failing which Creanovate had to immediately refund the “Advance Sum”.
Ngu signed the Settlement Agreement on the respondent’s behalf. However,
FICL’s board took the view that “notwithstanding the Board’s endorsement to
enter into the settlement agreement, ... Ngu [was] not authorised to sign as
Creanovate had misled the [respondent] in view of the missing mine” (see the
minutes of the board meeting of 18 May 2005).

26 On 19 April 2005, Tang was dismissed as a director of the respondent. He
resigned on the same date. On 18 May 2005, FICL’s board decided that Tang
would be given a week to come up with a satisfactory scheme to find a
replacement mine (to make up for the loss of the coal mine which PT SEM had
sold off despite the Subscription Agreement), failing which FICL would
terminate the Subscription Agreement and commence legal action to recover the
advances made to Creanovate. No replacement mine was found and the respondent
commenced the suits in the court below.

27 Ngu was absent from FICL’s annual general meeting (“AGM”) on 28 April 2005.
According to the minutes of that AGM, the board resolved that Ngu was to
confirm whether the rumours that he was allegedly under investigation by the
Securities Commission of Malaysia and that his passport had been impounded by
the relevant authorities in Malaysia were true. According to the minutes of a
FICL board meeting on 6 May 2005:

It was noted through a news article in Malaysia that [Ngu] ... had been
charged by the Sessions Court Malaysia on 5 May 2005 for alleged criminal
breach of trust amounting to RM37 million involving a construction consultancy
company eight years ago.

In view of the above, [Ngu] through a teleconference, had tendered his
resignation as CEO/MD with immediate effect. However, he had requested to
remain as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on the board. [Ngu]
confirmed that he would send his resignation letter as CEO/MD to the
[respondent] later. The Board had unanimously accepted his resignation as
CEO/MD and agreed that he remains as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on
the board.

28 On 5 May 2005, FICL wrote to Ngu and Tang for the return of the $1m advance
(see [22] above). By a letter dated 11 May 2005, Creanovate (through Tang)
wrote to FICL stating:

[W]e will return SGD700,000 by this Friday, 13 May 2005 in relation to the
advancement of SGD1,000,000 for coal trading purpose [_sic_]. The balance of
SGD300,000 will be treated as balance of settlement for the subscription of
Exchangeable Bond[s] in Creanovate.

29 On 12 May 2005, Creanovate repaid the respondent $90,000. Ngu also returned
a $150,000 advance that he had taken on 30 November 2004, purportedly on
behalf of Creanovate.

30 On 31 May 2005, Kee, on behalf of the respondent, made a formal demand to
Creanovate for the return of $3.26m. In the letter, Kee said that the
Subscription Agreement was null and void as a result of the misrepresentation
that Creanovate was the owner of the coal mine owned by PT SEM. There was no
response from Creanovate or Tang to this letter. At a FICL board meeting on 3
June 2005, Ngu informed the board that he “would discuss the repayment of the
S$1 million loan to Creanovate and address all outstanding issues with [Tang]
and would revert to the Board accordingly”. Notwithstanding these assurances,
no action was taken by Ngu. The respondent then commenced the present
proceedings.

**The decision in the court below**

31 As a preliminary observation, we note that at the conclusion of the trial,
the appellants had made a submission of no case to answer. In so far as Suit
No 521 of 2005 (which culminated in CA 114) was concerned, the Judge granted
judgment to the plaintiff against Creanovate for the total sum of $4.26m. We
emphasise, at the outset, that we agree fully with the Judge’s findings as
well as decision (see generally _Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd v Creanovate Pte
Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 1050 (“GD”), especially at [40]–[48]) and _therefore do not
deal further with this particular appeal_. The focus, therefore, from this
point onwards in the present judgment is on Suit No 523 of 2005 (or, rather,
CA 115).

32 In so far as Suit No 523 of 2005 was concerned, the Judge granted judgment
against Ngu and Tang for the sum of $4.26m less $940,000 as, in his view, the
respondent’s claim for that particular sum failed. The Judge segregated the
respondent’s total claim of $4.26m as follows (see GD at [49]):

(a) $940,000 paid on 7 September 2004 (“the first payment”);

(b) $500,000 and $280,000 (a total of $780,000) paid on 3 November 2004 and 17
November 2004, respectively (“the second series of payments”);

(c) $250,000, $300,000, $280,000 and $710,000 (a total of $1.54m) paid from 18
January 2005 to 3 February 2005 (“the third series of payments”); and

(d) $1m paid on 21 February 2005 (“the fourth payment”).

33 In respect of the first payment, the Judge dismissed the respondent’s claim
on the ground that Ngu and Tang were not even directors of the respondent at
the time the payment was made (see GD at [50]). The Judge was also of the view
that the respondent’s pleadings (or rather, the lack thereof) were fatal to
its claim against Ngu and Tang for the sum of $940,000. Although the
respondent had pleaded in para 9 of its amended statement of claim that Ngu
and Tang were liable to account to the respondent for the sum of $4.26m as
constructive trustees on the ground of “knowing receipt”, the respondent
failed to plead that Ngu and Tang knew that the moneys which they had received
were traceable to a breach of duty. Secondly, although the respondent alleged
breach of fiduciary duty and/or trust in relation to the aggregate sum of
$4.26m (and therefore of the $940,000 as well), the respondent failed to plead
any material facts to show how Ngu and Tang could be said to owe any such
duties in relation to the payment of $940,000 when they were not on the board
of the respondent at the time the moneys were advanced (see GD at [57]).

34 In respect of the second and third series of payments, the Judge found that
these payments constituted “loan[s]” within the meaning of ss 162 and 163 of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) (GD at [62]–[66]) and
that, therefore, Ngu and Tang were liable to effect repayment. The Judge also
found that notwithstanding that the second series of payments had been made by
the respondent to Creanovate even before the Subscription Agreement had been
entered into, the respondent was not wrong to have pleaded that Ngu and Tang
authorised the release of the moneys before the conditions precedent in the
Subscription Agreement were fulfilled (GD at [68]).

35 For the $1m claim in respect of the fourth payment, the Judge considered
this payment only in the context of the respondent’s case against Ngu and
Tang. The Judge took the view (GD at [82]) that the letter dated 21 February
2005 from the respondent (which was signed by Ngu and Tang as directors of
Creanovate) to FICL showed that the moneys were to be advanced to Creanovate.
The Judge was of the view that the $1m was clearly a loan which fell foul of
the prohibitions in ss 162 and 163 of the Act for two reasons. First, Tang had
said that he would return $700,000 of the $1m advance while treating the
balance of $300,000 as balance of settlement under the Subscription Agreement.
Second, at a board meeting on 3 June 2005, Ngu had said that he would discuss
the repayment of the $1m loan.

36 The Judge also noted at [85] of the GD that the authorisation of the second
and third series of payments and the fourth payment constituted a breach of
the fiduciary duties owed by Ngu and Tang to the respondent as directors.

**Our decision**

37 The crux of the appellants’ case was that the advances of $4.26m to
Creanovate were for the purposes of the intended coal business in Indonesia.
It is true that the Judge did not (owing to reasons centring on the state of
the pleadings) make a determinative finding that the coal investment was a
sham or that the Subscription Agreement was in substance a loan transaction
masquerading as a subscription for exchangeable bonds. However, his review of
the evidence does, in our view, more than deal with this particular issue in
_substance_ ; in particular, the following extract from his judgment is
extremely significant and bears quoting in full (see GD at [72]):

In the course of the trial, the plaintiff [the respondent in the present
appeal] had called as witness a bank officer from the Overseas Chinese Banking
Corporation with which Creanovate had a bank account. _His evidence showed
that moneys which the plaintiff had advanced to Creanovate had, after they
were banked in, been diverted to Ngu and Tang, and, in several instances, for
payment to Ngu’s stockbrokers_. It was also shown that the withdrawals were by
cash cheques. I surmised that this was done _to avoid detection of the real
use of the money._ I formed this impression because initial withdrawals by
cheque for the purpose of purchasing cashier’s orders in favour of Ngu’s
stockbrokers _were reversed as if to correct an error but the cashier’s orders
were subsequently obtained nevertheless using withdrawals by cash cheques
instead! The reversal of the initial withdrawals appeared to be a devious
attempt to mislead._[emphasis added]

38 Furthermore, even though the appellants had the opportunity in the court
below to rebut the evidence adduced by the respondent, which, we must note,
was overwhelmingly against their favour, the appellants choose to make a
submission of no case to answer. The views of M Aronson & J Hunter in
_Litigation: Evidence and Procedure_ (Butterworths, 6th Ed, 1998) at p 732
were cited by this court in _Bansal Hermant Govindprasad v Central Bank of
India_ [2003] 2 SLR 33 at [10]. The authors had noted thus:

A decision by a defendant not to adduce evidence in his defence is a decision
that ought not to be lightly taken. Where a defendant makes such an election,
the result will be that the court is left with only the plaintiff’s version of
the story. So long as there is some prima facie evidence that supports the
essential limbs of the plaintiff’s claim(s), then the failure by the defendant
to adduce evidence on his own behalf would be fatal to the defendant.

Reference may also be made to this court’s decision in _Lim Swee Khiang v
Borden Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 745, especially at [5]–[6].

39 In our view, there was overwhelming evidence adduced in the court below
which suggested that Ngu and Tang had in fact diverted the $4.26m advanced by
the respondent to Creanovate for their own benefit or, for that matter, to
their stockbrokers. The appellants’ decision to make a submission of no case
to answer was therefore highly prejudicial to their defence.

40 Indeed, that there had been a flagrant and lamentable misuse of the
respondent’s funds was confirmed once again before us as counsel for the
respondent, Mr Low Chai Chong, took us through the relevant documents. In
contrast, counsel for the appellants was unable to explain, when pressed by
us, what had happened to the funds and when and how they had been invested in
coal mining. This was not surprising, given that the evidence shows that the
appellants had appropriated the funds for their personal use.

41 In our view, the appropriations of the funds for the personal use of Tang
and Ngu were clear breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors of the
respondent, both in equity and under s 157 of the Act. Whilst this abuse could
be characterised in the manner which the Judge did (at [34]–[35] above), the
plain fact is that there was a _prima facie_ abuse of funds and a consequent
breach of both fiduciary duties as well as directors’ duties. Indeed, counsel
for the appellants spent much effort before us utilising procedural arguments
of the most technical (and, we should add, unmeritorious) nature in order to
avoid the substantive issue of abuse of the respondent’s funds. This was a
classic example of a totally unmeritorious resort to procedural arguments
(especially those centring on pleadings) to avoid liability for an
unanswerable claim on the merits.

42 We therefore agree with the Judge’s decision in Suit No 523 of 2005.
Indeed, we are firmly of the view that Ngu and Tang are liable to indemnify
the respondent for the losses caused by their breach of their fiduciary duties
as the respondent’s directors. However, there is one issue of law in the
Judge’s finding that we have to respectfully disagree with. The Judge held
that Ngu and Tang were also liable for the sums which had been advanced by the
respondent to Creanovate for the purpose of investing the same in a coal
mining venture on the ground that the advances were “loan[s]” made to them in
breach of ss 162 and 163 of the Act. In our view, the Judge gave to the
expression “loan” in those sections a meaning that was not intended by the
Legislature.

**Sections 162 and 163 of the Act**

**_The provisions_**

43 It would be appropriate to first set out the relevant provisions in full.

44 Sections 162 and 163 of the Act read as follows:

**Loans to directors.**

**162.** —(1) A company (other than an exempt private company) _shall not make
a loan_ to a director of the company or of a company which by virtue of
section 6 is deemed to be related to that company _, or enter into any
guarantee or provide any security in connection with a loan made to such a
director by any other person_ but nothing in this section shall apply —

(_a_) _subject to subsection (2), to anything done_ to provide such a director
with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by him for the
purposes of the company or for the purpose of enabling him properly to perform
his duties as an officer of the company;

(_b_) _to provide_ _a loan_ to such a director who is engaged in the full-time
employment of the company or of a corporation that is deemed to be related to
the company, as the case may be, for the purpose of purchasing or otherwise
acquiring a home occupied or to be occupied by the director, except that not
more than one such loan may be outstanding from the director at any time;

(_c_) _to any loan made_ to such a director who is engaged in the full-time
employment of the company or of a corporation that is deemed to be related to
that company, as the case may be, where the company has at a general meeting
approved of a scheme for the making of loans to employees of the company and
the loan is in accordance with that scheme; or

(_d_) _to any loan made_ to such director in the ordinary course of business
of a company whose ordinary business includes the lending of money or the
giving of guarantees in connection with loans made by other persons if the
activities of that company are regulated by any written law relating to
banking, finance companies or insurance or are subject to supervision by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore.

(2) Subsection (1) (_a_) or (_b_) shall not authorise the making of any loan,
or the entering into any guarantee, or the provision of any security except —

(_a_) with the prior approval of the company given at a general meeting at
which the purposes of the expenditure and the amount of the loan or the extent
of the guarantee or security, as the case may be, are disclosed; or

(_b_) on condition that, if the approval of the company is not given as
aforesaid at or before the next following annual general meeting, the loan
shall be repaid or the liability under the guarantee or security shall be
discharged, as the case may be, within 6 months from the conclusion of that
meeting.

(3) Where the approval of the company is not given as required by any such
condition the directors authorising the making of the loan or the entering
into the guarantee or the provision of the security shall be jointly and
severally liable to indemnify the company against any loss arising therefrom.

(4) Where a company contravenes this section any director who authorises the
making of any loan, the entering into of any guarantee or the providing of any
security contrary to this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $20,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 2 years.

(5) Nothing in this section shall operate to prevent the company from
recovering the amount of any loan or amount for which it becomes liable under
any guarantee entered into or in respect of any security given contrary to
this section.

(6) For the purpose of subsection (1), the reference to director therein
includes a reference to his spouse, son, adopted son, step-son, daughter,
adopted daughter and step-daughter.

**Prohibition of loans to persons connected with directors of lending
company**

**163.** —(1) Subject to this section, it shall not be lawful for a company
(other than an exempt private company) —

(_a_) to make a loan to another company; or

(_b_) to enter into any guarantee or provide any security in connection with a
loan made to another company by a person other than the first-mentioned
company,

if a director or directors of the first-mentioned company is or together are
interested in 20% or more of the total number of equity shares in the other
company (excluding treasury shares).

(2) Subsection (1) shall extend to apply to a loan, guarantee or security in
connection with a loan made by a company (other than an exempt private
company) to another company where such other company is incorporated outside
Singapore, if a director or directors of the first-mentioned company —

(_a_) is or together are interested in 20% or more of the total number of
equity shares in the other company (excluding treasury shares); or

(_b_) in a case where the other company does not have a share capital,
exercises or together exercise control over the other company whether by
reason of having the power to appoint directors or otherwise.

(3) For the purposes of this section —

(_a_) where a company makes a loan to another company or gives a guarantee or
provides security in connection with a loan made to another company, a
director or directors of the first-mentioned company shall not be taken to
have an interest in shares in that other company by reason only that the
first-mentioned company has an interest in shares in that other company and a
director or directors have an interest in shares in the first-mentioned
company; and

(_b_) “interest in shares” has the meaning assigned to that expression in
section 7.

(4) This section shall not apply —

(_a_) to anything done by a company where the other company (whether that
company is incorporated in Singapore or otherwise) is its subsidiary or
holding company or a subsidiary of its holding company; or

(_b_) to a company, whose ordinary business includes the lending of money or
the giving of guarantees in connection with loans made by other persons, to
anything done by the company in the ordinary course of that business if the
activities of that company are regulated by any written law relating to
banking, finance companies or insurance or are subject to supervision by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore.

(5) For the purposes of this section, an interest of a member of a director’s
family shall be treated as the interest of the director and the words “member
of a director’s family” shall include his spouse, son, adopted son, step-son,
daughter, adopted daughter and step-daughter.

(6) Nothing in this section shall operate to prevent the recovery of any loan
or the enforcement of any guarantee or security whether made or given by the
company or any other person.

(7) Where a company contravenes this section, any director who authorises the
making of any loan, the entering into of any guarantee or the providing of any
security contrary to this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $20,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 2 years.

[emphasis added]

**_Their background_**

45 The legislative history of these two provisions is as follows. Section 162
of the Act was originally introduced in 1966 as s 133 of the Companies Act
1967 (No 42 of 1967) and (as the marginal note to s 133 clearly indicates) was
based on s 190 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) (“the 1948 UK Act”) as
well as s 125 of the Australian Companies Acts 1961 (reproduced in part below
at [67]). In so far as the latter provision is concerned, as a seminal
Australian textbook points out, “[t]his section [_viz_ , s 125] is _newly
imported from England_ into Australian companies legislation, _though with
rather more elaboration_ so as to widen the exception to the general
prohibition than its counterpart in the English legislation” (see W E Paterson
& H H Ednie, _Australian Company Law_ (Butterworths, 1962) at p 348) [emphasis
added]. In another leading Australian text, it has been observed that s 125 of
the Australian Companies Act 1961 “is based on the English section [_viz_ , s
190 of the 1948 UK Act] but paras. (_e_) and (_f_) of sub-s. (1) and sub-ss.
(4)–(8) inclusive are not to be found in the English section” (see The
Honourable Mr Justice Wallace & J McI Young, _Australian Company Law and
Practice_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1965) at p 397).

46 However, the fact remains that the _original_ source of s 162 of the Act is
the _UK_ provision (_ie_ , s 190 of the 1948 UK Act), albeit with the
elaboration furnished by s 125 of the Australian legislation (see also _Ford’s
Principles of Corporations Law_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 2007) at para
9.470). As a leading local reference work has put it (see _Woon’s Corporations
Law_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at paras 2855–2900):

In the UK the Cohen Committee (see Cohen Committee Report 1945 (Report of the
Committee on Company Law Amendment) (Cmnd 6659)) recommended that _if a
director can offer good security for a loan it is no hardship to him to borrow
elsewhere. He should not be given better terms by the company than are
available commercially_ [see also [53] below]. _Thus UK 1948 s 190_ was
passed, _on which sub-ss (1) to (3) of s 162_ [of the Act] _are indirectly
based (by way of Aus 1961 s 125). Subsections (4) and (5) of s 162 are taken
from the Australian section._ [emphasis added]

47 Section 163 of the Act, on the other hand, was introduced by the Singapore
Parliament in 1974 _via_ the Companies (Amendment) Act 1974 (No 10 of 1974)
(and, for a local decision thereon, see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision
of _Dart Sum Timber (Pte) Ltd v Bank of Canton Ltd_ [1982-1983] SLR 46,
reversing the High Court’s decision (see _The_ _Bank of Canton Ltd v Dart Sum
Timber (Pte) Ltd_ in [1981] 2 MLJ 58)). In introducing this particular
amendment at the Second Reading stage, the Minister for Finance, Mr Hon Sui
Sen, observed thus (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (27
March 1974) vol 33 at cols 955–956 and 958):

The reasons for introducing this Bill are the same as those I mentioned in
introducing the amending Acts of 1971 and 1973, namely, to give effect to
recommendations by the U.K. Jenkins Committee Report on Company Law Reform
[see United Kingdom, _Report of the Company Law Committee_ (Cmnd 1749, 1962)
(Chairman: Lord Jenkins) (“the _Jenkins Committee Report_ ”)], particularly
insofar as these recommendations affect the principle of greater disclosure of
information by companies as a safeguard against malpractices and the powers
and duties of directors.

…

... The purpose of this amendment is to close a loop-hole which at present
exists under section 133 of the [Companies Act 1967, presently s 162 of the
Act] which prohibits a company from making loans to its directors. This
section can be circumvented by making loans to a company in which a director
of the lending company has effective control.

48 Indeed, the _Jenkins Committee Report_ (referred to in the preceding
paragraph) recommended that s 190 of the 1948 UK Act “should be strengthened”
(see the _Jenkins Committee Report_ at para 98; see also _id_ at para 99).

49 A leading local text which we have already referred to also furnishes
further legislative background, as follows (see _Woon’s Corporations Law_
([46] _supra_) at para 2953):

This section [_ie_ , s 163 of the Act], as originally enacted in 1974, was
taken from [the] UK Companies Bill 1973, which was not passed. See now UK 1985
ss 330–346 and Aus 1981 s 230 which both include references to loans to
connected companies. Singapore s 163 was substantially re-enacted in 1984,
retaining only sub-s (1), and was amended again in 1987.

**_The meaning of “loan”_**

50 The principal argument relied upon by the Judge in support of his view that
a “loan” within the meaning of ss 162 and 163 of the Act extends beyond loans
in the conventional sense rests on the first exception as embodied in s
162(1)(_a_) of the Act (hereafter referred to as “Exception (_a_)”). The Judge
also reasoned that “[t]here is no reason why a narrower meaning of ‘loan’
should be adopted for s 163 when it was intended as an extension of the
prohibition in s 162” (see GD at [67]; see also generally [64]–[66]).

51 A loan in the conventional sense (or, as the appellants put it in the court
below, “a loan _simplicter_ ” (see GD at [62])) is succinctly described in
_Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 2 (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed,
2004) at para 38-223, as follows (in a passage that was also cited by the
Judge in GD at [63]):

A contract of loan of money is a contract whereby one person lends or agrees
to lend a sum of money to another, in consideration of a promise express or
implied to repay that sum on demand, or at a fixed or determinable future
time, or conditionally upon an event which is bound to happen, with or without
interest.

52 Whilst attractive at first blush, we were not, in the final analysis and
with the greatest respect, persuaded by the argument as well as reasoning of
the Judge as set out at [50] above.

53 First, it is clear from the relevant UK company law reform report that
forms the backdrop to the UK provision upon which s 162 is based (_viz_ , s
190 of the 1948 UK Act) that only loans in the conventional sense were
intended to be covered. In this regard, reference may be made to the report
which formed the immediate and direct backdrop to s 190 of the 1948 UK Act
(or, more accurately, s 35 of the Companies Act 1947 (c 47) (UK), which was
the immediate predecessor of s 190 of the 1948 UK Act). This is the _Report of
the Committee on Company Law Amendment_ (Cmnd 6659, June 1945) (chaired by Mr
Justice Cohen (as he then was), and popularly known as “the _Cohen Committee
Report_ ”). Paragraph 94 of the report is particularly apposite, where it is
observed thus:

We consider it _undesirable_ that directors should _borrow_ from their
companies. If the director can offer good security, it is no hardship to him
to _borrow_ from other sources. If he cannot offer good security, it is
_undesirable_ that he should obtain from the company _credit_ which he would
not be able to obtain elsewhere. Several cases have occurred in recent years
where directors have _borrowed money_ from their companies on inadequate
security and have been _unable to repay the loans_. We accordingly recommend
that, _subject to certain exceptions_ , it should be made illegal for any loan
to be made by a company or by any of its subsidiary companies or by any other
person under guarantee from or on security provided by the company or by any
of its subsidiary companies to any director of the company. [emphasis added]

54 It is clear from the passage just quoted that the Cohen Committee was
referring to loans in the conventional sense only.

55 Section 190 of the 1948 UK Act itself reads as follows:

Prohibition of loans to directors.

**190.** —(I) It shall not be lawful for a company to make a loan to any
person who is its director or a director of its holding company, or to enter
into any guarantee or provide any security in connection with a loan made to
such a person as aforesaid by any other person :

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply either —

(_a_) to anything done by a company which is for the time being an exempt
private company; or

(_b_) to anything done by a subsidiary, where the director is its holding
company; or

(_c_) subject to the next following subsection, to anything done to provide
any such person as aforesaid with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be
incurred by him for the purposes of the company or for the purpose of enabling
him properly to perform his duties as an officer of the company; or

(_d_) in the case of a company whose ordinary business includes the lending of
money or the giving of guarantees in connection with loans made by other
persons, to anything done by the company in the ordinary course of that
business.

(2) Proviso  _(c)_ to the foregoing subsection shall not authorise the making
of any loan, or the entering into any guarantee, or the provision of any
security, except either —

(_a_) with the prior approval of the company given at a general meeting at
which the purposes of the expenditure and the amount of the loan or the extent
of the guarantee or security, as the case may be, are disclosed; or

(_b_) on condition that, if the approval of the company is not given as
aforesaid at or before the next following annual general meeting, the loan
shall be repaid or the liability under the guarantee or security shall be
discharged, as the case may be, within six months from the conclusion of that
meeting.

(3) Where the approval of the company is not given as required by any such
condition, the directors authorising the making of the loan, or the entering
into the guarantee, or the provision of the security, shall be jointly and
severally liable to indemnify the company against any loss arising therefrom.

56 The interpretation to the effect that s 190 of the 1948 UK Act only covered
loans in the conventional sense is confirmed by the fact that the above
provision was _amended_ in order to _extend_ the concept of a loan in the
conventional sense to _quasi-loans_ (see generally ss 330–341 of the UK
Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) (“the 1985 UK Act”)), which position has been
modified under the new Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK) to the extent that,
_inter alia_ , loans, quasi-loans and credit transactions will generally
require the approval of the company’s members. This latest statute has already
been enacted and, it is understood, will be brought into force soon (see, in
particular, ss 197–202 thereof).

57 Logically and commonsensically, if the concept of a loan as originally
enacted in the UK legislation (_and upon which ss 162 and 163 of the Act
were,_ inter alia _, based_ (see [45]–[46] above)) was intended to cover (or
could even be construed as covering) transactions that went beyond loans in
the conventional sense, there would have been _no need_ for the UK Parliament
to amend the existing provisions in order to extend them to quasi-loans.
Indeed, the _same_ point may be made with respect to the relevant _Australian_
developments (which are dealt with below at [67]–[68]). It will suffice for
the moment to note that s 125 of the Australian Companies Acts 1961 was, as
already mentioned earlier (at [45]), _based on s 190 of the 1948 UK Act_. What
is of first importance for our present purposes is the fact that _there is no
indication whatsoever that s 125 of the Australian Companies Acts 1961 was
intended to encompass a concept of a loan other than in the conventional sense
–_ a concept which, as we have just seen, was also part of the corresponding
_UK_ provision upon which it was largely based (_viz_ , s 190 of the 1948 UK
Act).

58 To return to the present UK position, the relevant provisions in the 1985
UK Act now cover (as noted at [56] above) _quasi-loans_. Special note may be
taken of ss 330 and 331 thereof, which read as follows:

_Restrictions on a company's power to make loans, etc., to directors and
persons connected with them_

General restriction on loans etc. to directors and persons connected with
them.

**330.** —(1) The prohibitions listed below in this section are subject to the
exceptions in sections 332 to 338.

(2) A company shall not —

(_a_) make a loan to a director of the company or of its holding company ;

(_b_) enter into any guarantee or provide any security in connection with a
loan made by any person to such a director.

(3) A relevant company shall not —

(_a_) make a quasi-loan to a director of the company or of its holding company
;

(_b_) make a loan or a quasi-loan to a person connected with such a director ;

(_c_) enter into a guarantee or provide any security in connection with a loan
or quasi-loan made by any other person for such a director or a person so
connected.

(4) A relevant company shall not —

(_a_)__ enter into a credit transaction as creditor for such a director or a
person so connected ;

(_b_)__ enter into any guarantee or provide any security in connection with a
credit transaction made by any other person for such a director or a person so
connected.

(5) For purposes of sections 330 to 346, a shadow director is treated as a
director.

(6) A company shall not arrange for the assignment to it, or the assumption by
it, of any rights, obligations or liabilities under a transaction which, if it
had been entered into by the company, would have contravened subsection (2),
(3) or (4) ; but for the purposes of sections 330 to 347 the transaction is to
be treated as having been entered into on the date of the arrange­ment.

(7) A company shall not take part in any arrangement whereby—

(_a_) another person enters into a transaction which, if it had been entered
into by the company, would have contravened any of subsections (2), (3), (4)
or (6) ; and

(_b_) that other person, in pursuance of the arrangement, has obtained or is
to obtain any benefit from the company or its holding company or a subsidiary
of the company or its holding company.

Definitions for ss. 330 ff.

**331.** —(l) The following subsections apply for the interpretation of
sections 330 to 346.

(2) “ Guarantee” includes indemnity, and cognate expressions are to be
construed accordingly.

(3) A quasi-loan is a transaction under which one party (“the creditor”)
agrees to pay, or pays otherwise than in pursuance of an agreement, a sum for
another (“the borrower”) or agrees to reimburse, or reimburses otherwise than
in pursuance of an agreement, expenditure incurred by another party for
another (“the borrower”) —

(_a_) on terms that the borrower (or a person on his behalf) will reimburse
the creditor ; or

(_b_) in circumstances giving rise to a liability on the borrower to reimburse
the creditor.

(4) Any reference to the person to whom a quasi-loan is made is a reference to
the borrower ; and the liabilities of a borrower under a quasi-loan include
the liabilities of any person who has agreed to reimburse the creditor on
behalf of the borrower.

(5) “Recognised bank” means a company which is recognised as a bank for the
purposes of the Banking Act 1979.

(6) “Relevant company” means a company which —

(_a_) is a public company, or

(_b_) is a subsidiary of a public company, or

(_c_) is a subsidiary of a company which has as another subsidiary a public
company, or

(_d_) has a subsidiary which is a public company.

(7) A credit transaction is a transaction under which one party (“the
creditor”) —

(_a_) supplies any goods or sells any land under a hire-purchase agreement or
a conditional sale agreement ;

(_b_) leases or hires any land or goods in return for periodical payments ;

(_c_) otherwise disposes of land or supplies goods or services on the
understanding that payment (whether in a lump sum or instalments or by way of
periodical payments or otherwise) is to be deferred.

(8) “Services” means anything other than goods or land.

(9) A transaction or arrangement is made “for” a person if —

(_a_) in the case of a loan or quasi-loan, it is made to him ;

(_b_) in the case of a credit transaction, he is the person to whom goods or
services are supplied, or land is sold or otherwise disposed of, under the
transaction ;

(_c_) in the case of a guarantee or security, it is entered into or provided
in connection with a loan or quasi-loan made to him or a credit transaction
made for him ;

(_d_) in the case of an arrangement within subsection (6) or (7) of section
330, the transaction to which the arrangement relates was made for him ; and

(_e_) in the case of any other transaction or arrangement for the supply or
transfer of, or of any interest in, goods, land or services, he is the person
to whom the goods, land or services (or the interest) are supplied or
transferred.

(10) “Conditional sale agreement” means the same as in the Consumer Credit Act
1974.

59 Interestingly, the definition of “quasi-loan” in s 331(3) of the 1985 UK
Act (reproduced in the preceding paragraph) is not as broad as one would have
thought. It is, of course, certainly broader than the concept of a “loan” in s
190 of the 1948 UK Act (the equivalent in the 1985 UK Act being s 330, also
reproduced in the preceding paragraph). However, it is not as broad as the
concept of “financial benefit” under the current Australian law (briefly
discussed at [73] below). It nevertheless addresses situations such as that in
the English High Court decision of _Champagne Perrier-Jouet SA v H H Finch
Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR 1359 (“ _Champagne Perrier-Jouet SA_ ”), where it was held
that a company which had paid a director’s bills and supplied (on credit)
goods to the company which he controlled had not made a “loan” within the
scope of s 190 of the 1948 UK Act. This holding in fact supports the view that
the concept of a “loan” in s 190 of the 1948 UK Act is to be interpreted in
its conventional sense. Indeed, this is precisely the premise on which the
court in _Champagne Perrier-Jouet SA_ proceeded – a point which we will
elaborate in more detail below (at [61]). The concept of a “quasi-loan” under
s 331(3) of the 1985 UK Act also covers situations where a director utilises
the company’s funds for what is, in effect, an item of personal expenditure,
for which the director should therefore reimburse the company.

60 It suffices for present purposes to reiterate that even the concept of a
“quasi-loan”, whilst broader than the concept of a “loan” in its conventional
sense, is not intended to have as broad a scope as, for example, the current
Australian provisions. Indeed, we are of the view that the fact situation in
the present appeal would probably not fall within the ambit of a “quasi-loan”
under the 1985 UK Act in any event. In particular, the advances concerned were
not repayable in the manner which a loan in a conventional sense would
require. Indeed, it is important to note that a key element of a “quasi-loan”
in s 331(3) of the 1985 UK Act is that of _reimbursement_ (whether pursuant to
an agreement or otherwise).

61 Second, and on a related note, the relevant case law confirms the preceding
point (see also Dame Mary Arden, Dan Prentice & Sir Thomas Stockdale, _Buckley
on the Companies Acts_ (LexisNexis, 15th Ed, 2006) at para 330). Reference may
be made, in particular, to _Champagne Perrier-Jouet SA_ ([59] _supra_), which,
incidentally, is also cited in _Woon’s Corporations Law_ (see [46] _supra_ ,
see also [71] _infra_), where Walton J observed thus (at 1363):

[I]n the context of a prohibition in s 190 [of the 1948 UK Act] and the use of
the same word “loan” in clause 10 of Table A [of the same Act], I am clearly
of opinion that the correct meaning thereof is that to be found in the
_Shorter Oxford English Dictionary_ , 3rd ed. (1944) – “A sum of money lent
for a time to be returned in money or money’s worth ...” – from which it
follows that money paid to B at the request of A is quite definitely not a
loan. If authority for such an obvious proposition is required it is, of
course, to be found in _Pott’s Executors v Inland Revenue Commissioners_
[1951] A.C. 443.

62 This is not to state that a loan under ss 162 and 163 of the Act may not be
informal (see, for example, the English High Court decision of _Ciro Citterio
Menswear plc v Thakrar_ [2002] 1 WLR 2217), but it would still have to be a
loan in the conventional sense. Hence, a loan in this context would clearly
exclude what is, in effect, directors’ _remuneration_ : see, for example, the
English High Court decision of _Re Grayan Building Services Ltd_ [1995] BCC
554 at 564 (affirmed by the Court of Appeal but without, apparently, any
comment on this particular point (the Court of Appeal decision is to be found
in the same report, just cited)), as well as the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Currencies Direct Ltd v Ellis_ [2002] 2 BCLC 482 (though _cf_ the
decision on an earlier sum paid, in respect of which there was no appeal
against the trial judge’s decision: see the High Court decision at [2002] 1
BCLC 193, especially at [42]). It would also clearly exclude the fact
situation (except for the one instance set out at [35] above) in the present
appeal.

63 Third, there is nothing in the legislative materials available to this
court to indicate that the Singapore Parliament had – contrary to the clear
indication in the marginal notes to ss 162 and 163 of the Act themselves (see
above at [44]) – intended to depart from the UK position as set out above. For
example, in the explanatory notes to cl 133 of the Companies Bill 1966 (Bill
58 of 1966), which was the original version of s 162 of the Act, it was
observed thus:

Clause 133 restricts the right of a company to make loans to its directors or
to directors of related companies. Exempt private companies are not within
this prohibition. This is a new provision that will ensure that directors do
not take undue advantage of their position in the company.

64 Fourth, although the wording utilised in Exception (_a_) (_viz_ , “anything
done”) differs from the corresponding wording utilised (_viz_ , “loan”) in s
162(1)(_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) (hereafter referred to as “Exception (_b_)”,
“Exception (_c_)” and “Exception (_d_)” respectively), this does not detract
from the fact that Exception (_a_) must be read _in relation to as well as in
the context of_ the language and intent of the _main body_ of s 162(1) itself.
It is clear, on a literal reading of s 162(1), that that provision refers to
loans in the _conventional_ sense. It is equally clear, in our view, that
Exceptions (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) _also_ refer to loans in the conventional
sense. Indeed, this must follow from the contrast drawn by the Judge himself
between the language of Exception (_a_) on the one hand and the language of
the main body of s 162(1) as well as (by implication) of Exceptions (_b_),
(_c_) and (_d_) on the other. In the circumstances, it would appear that the
funds provided to a director in the context of Exception (_a_), being (in
their very nature) an _exception_ to _s 162(1)_ itself, must, _ex hypothesi_ ,
amount to _a loan_ in the _conventional_ sense. Exception (_a_) nevertheless
proceeds to emphasise that, notwithstanding the _(conventional)_ _form_ in
which the transaction has been framed, the _purpose_ is quite different, for
it is (to utilise the actual language of this exception itself) “to provide
such a director with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by
him for the purposes of the company or for the purpose of enabling him
properly to perform his duties as an officer of the company”. This would also
explain the _difference in language_ between Exception (_a_) on the one hand
(“anything done”) and Exceptions (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) on the other (“loan”)
inasmuch as given the purpose of Exception (_a_) (as just set out in the
preceding sentence), the funds concerned, although provided to the director
concerned in the _(conventional) form of a loan_ , are _not_ (_unlike_ the
loans referred to in Exceptions (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_)) intended to be repaid
because they would be used for the benefit of the company itself.

65 Fifth, and as (or even more) importantly, Exception (_a_) is _clearly
subject to s 162(2)_. This is, in fact, a point to which we shall return,
albeit with respect to a somewhat different argument, in the next paragraph.
For present purposes, it is important, in our view, to note that _s 162(2)
itself refers to “the making of any loan, or the entering into any guarantee,
or the provision of any security”_ [emphasis added]. It will be immediately
seen that the key concepts (in particular, that of a loan) in s 162(2) are the
_same_ as those in s 162(1). Further, there is nothing in the language or
context of s 162(2) to suggest that the concept of a loan in that subsection
is to be given a meaning different from that in s 162(1). In the result, the
meaning of a loan in s 162(2) is also a reference to a loan in the
_conventional_ sense. But, if this so, then _the interpretation of Exception
(_ a _) must be constrained by the meaning of the language utilised in s
162(2) since it is subject to s 162(2)_ , _and_ , that being the case, the
reference in Exception (_a_) must necessarily refer to a loan in the
_conventional_ sense as well.

66 Sixth, there might, by implication at least, have been too much focus on
the literal differences in language or wording between Exception (_a_) to s
162(1) on the one hand and Exceptions (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) of the same on
the other. In particular, Exception (_a_) commences with the words “subject to
subsection (2)”, whereas Exception (_b_) does _not_. _Yet_ , s 162(2) of the
Act expressly refers, right at its outset, to _Exceptions (_ a _) and (_ b _)_
(in the words “[s]ubsection (1)(_a_) or (_b_)”). Strictly speaking, Exception
(_b_) ought also – like Exception (_a_) – to have contained the words “subject
to subsection (2)” as well. Or, to view the same point from a slightly
different perspective, the words “subject to subsection (2)” in Exception
(_a_) (_viz_ , s 162(1)(_a_)) were superfluous in the light of the express
reference to Exception (_a_) in the opening words of s 162(2) itself. That
this is so is evident from the omission of the words “subject to subsection
(2)” in Exception (_b_) (_viz_ , s 162(_b_)). Be that as it may, the _general_
point that is directly relevant to the legal issue presently considered is
this: _Literal differences in statutory language might not matter, although
this depends on the precise context in which the differences occur_. It is
clear, in our view, that one cannot, in the circumstances, take the
differences in language between Exception (_a_) and the rest of s 162(1) as
being _legally_ significant. Indeed, it might be argued, having regard to the
particular difference in language discussed in the present paragraph, that
such differences are, with respect, probably due more to looseness in drafting
than anything else.

67 Seventh, and on a closely related note, the actual language of s 125 of the
Australian Companies Acts 1961 (on which s 162 of the Act was based) ought
also to be noted. The material parts of this provision read as follows:

**125\. Loans to directors.?**(1) A company shall not make a _loan_ to a
director of the company or of a company which, by virtue of subsection (5) of
section six is deemed to be related to that company, or enter into any
guarantee or provide any security in connection with loan made to such a
director by any other person but nothing in this section shall apply ?

(_a_) to _anything done_ by a company which is for the time being an exempt
proprietary company;

(_b_) to _anything done_ by a subsidiary in relation to such a director, where
the director is its holding company;

(_c_) subject to subsection (2) of this section to _anything done_ to provide
such a director with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by
him for the purposes of the company or for the purpose of enabling him
properly to perform his duties as an officer of the company;

(_d_) [Inserted by the Queensland Companies Act: subject to subsection (2) of
this section,] to _anything done_ to provide such a director who is engaged in
the full-time employment of the company or its holding company, as the case
may be, with funds to meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by him in
purchasing or otherwise acquiring a home;

(_e_) to any loan made to such a director who is engaged in the full-time
employment of the company or its holding company, as the case may be, where
the company has at a general meeting approved of a scheme for the making of
loans to employees of the company and the loan is in accordance with that
scheme; or

(_f_) in the case of a company whose ordinary business includes the lending of
money or the giving of guarantees in connection with loans made by other
persons, to _anything done_ by the company in the ordinary course of that
business.

(2) Paragraph (_c_) or (_d_) of subsection (1) of this section shall not
authorise the making of any loan, or the entering into any guarantee, or the
provision of any security except ?

(_a_) with the prior approval of the company given at a general meeting at
which the purposes of the expenditure and the amount of the loan or the extent
of the guarantee or security, as the case may be, are disclosed; or

(_b_) on condition that, if the approval of the company is not given as
aforesaid at or before the next following annual general meeting, the loan
shall be repaid or the liability under the guarantee or security shall be
discharged, as the case may be, within six months from the conclusion of that
meeting.

[emphasis added]

68 It can be immediately seen that, except for one exception (namely, s
125(1)(_e_)), the phrase “anything done” is utilised in preference to the word
“loan”, whereas the position with respect to s 162 of the Act is _the complete
opposite_. Once again, it is clear, in our view, that the controlling language
is to be found in the main text of s 125(1) of the Australian Companies Act
1961, just as it is the case with regard to s 162(1) of the Act (as we have
stated at [64] above). If so, then the word “loan” in the main text of s
125(1) of the Australian legislation is the controlling concept. Utilising the
approach of the Judge, this word (“loan”) must be distinguished from the
phrase “anything done” utilised in the vast majority of the exceptions
therein, with the latter entailing a broader concept than the former. With
respect, this was not the meaning intended in s 125 of the Australian
legislation. Indeed, from purely the perspective of common sense and logic, it
is clear that the exceptions embodied in ss 125(1)(_a_)–(_f_) are simply that,
_viz_ , exceptions, and do _not_ operate to “swallow up”, as it were, the main
provision as contained in the main text of s 125(1) itself. If this is the
case, then the phrase “anything done” (as utilised in ss 125(1)(_a_), (_b_),
(_c_), (_d_) and (_f_)) does _not_ have a _broad_ meaning, but is, rather, to
be correlated with the word “loan” in the main text of s 125(1) _as utilised
in the conventional sense_.

69 Eighth, and on an even more closely related note, similar arguments (to
those set out in the preceding paragraph) may be made when one compares the
language of s 162 of the Act with that of s 190 of the UK 1948 Act (reproduced
above at [44] and [55], respectively). We note, in particular, the fact that
the phrase “anything done” permeates s 190(1) of the 1948 UK Act. In this
regard, special note should be taken of the difference in language between s
162(1)(_d_) of the Act on the one hand and s 190(1)(_d_) of the 1948 UK Act on
the other.

70 Ninth, and more importantly, _even if_ we accept that Exception (_a_)
relates to a situation which is _not_ a loan in the _conventional_ sense, this
particular exception is precisely that – a _limited_ situation or instance
which _cannot_ , therefore, be _generalised_ into a blanket proposition to the
effect that _ss 162 and 163_ apply not only to loans in the conventional
sense, but also to _other_ transactions that go beyond the parameters of the
former.

71 Tenth, and no less importantly, it has been very perceptively observed in a
leading local work thus (see _Woon’s Corporations Law_ ([46] _supra_) at para
2901):

The exemption of advances to cover business expenses in subsection (1)(a) [of
s 162 of the Act] may imply a wide definition of ‘loan’. _However, on
principle, in a criminal provision the word ‘loan’ should be restrictively
construed. The word should be given its ordinary meaning_ : _De Vigier v IRC_
[1964] 1 WLR 1073. (See also _Potts v IRC_ [1951] 1 All ER 76; _Champagne
Perrier Jouet SA v H H Finch Ltd_ [1982] 3 All ER 713.) [emphasis added]

72 Eleventh, the _latest position_ in _other jurisdictions_ buttresses the
view that ss 162 and 163 of the Act apply _only_ to loans in the
_conventional_ sense. We have already noted (at [53]–[54] above) that the
original UK position (on which the original Singapore provision (_viz_ , s
162) was based) applied only to loans in the conventional sense. More
significantly, we also noted above that _because_ the UK equivalents of ss 162
and 163 of the Act were found to be _too limited in scope_ , the UK provisions
were _amended_ in order to _extend_ to _quasi-loans_ (see generally [56]–[57]
above). Even more significantly, _even_ the concept of a _quasi-loan_ under
the present UK position (as embodied in the provisions just quoted) would
appear _not_ _to_ _cover_ such a broad situation as that which existed in the
present appeal.

73 Twelfth, and on a closely related note, it is clear that where the
legislature concerned intended the provision in question to extend _beyond_
loans in the conventional sense (or even quasi-loans under the present UK
position), _much broader language was utilised_. Correlatively, in such
situations, the word “loan” (and its allied terminology or nomenclature) was
_not_ utilised. This is, in fact, the _present Australian position_. In
particular, reference may be made to ch 2E of the Australian Corporations Act
2001 (Cth). The relevant provisions in the aforementioned Act are quite
different from ss 162 and 163 of the Act. It will suffice for the purposes of
the present appeal to observe that the relevant provisions in the 2001
Australian Act focus not on the concept of a “loan” as such but, rather, on
the much broader concept centring on the phrase “give a _financial benefit_ ”
[emphasis added]. Further details may be found in a leading work on Australian
corporation law: see generally _Ford’s Principles of Corporations Law_ ([46]
_supra_) at paras 9.470–9.570.

**_No gap in the law_**

74 However, lest it be thought that a _gap_ might be left in the law in
general and (in particular) an unjust result on facts such as those which
existed in the present appeal be engendered as a result of a less expansive
interpretation of the concept of “loan” in ss 162 and 163 of the Act, it is
our view that such a concern is wholly unfounded and unnecessary. Indeed, on
the facts of the present appeal, we are of the view (already noted earlier in
this judgment at [41]) that, _quite apart from_ ss 162 and 163 of the Act, it
is clear that the appellants had committed _a clear breach of fiduciary duty_.
In a nutshell, they had, on the evidence, clearly utilised (or, more
accurately, abused) the funds in question for their own personal purposes. On
this ground alone, their appeal failed.

75 Indeed, it is also our view (as stated at [41] above) that the appellants’
conduct fell squarely within the ambit of _s 157_ of the Act. Section 157 is
an important provision. It was first introduced as part of the 1966 Companies
Bill ([63] _supra_) as cl 132 thereof. In the explanatory notes to the Bill,
it was observed thus:

Clause 132 is _a most important provision._ It establishes _a statutory duty_
upon directors to act honestly and to use reasonable diligence. It prohibits
an officer from acquiring an advantage because of information gained by virtue
of his position _and provides for civil and criminal liability. This is a new
and important provision._ [emphasis added]

76 Section 157(1) of the Act is, in fact, relevant to the facts of the present
appeal, and reads as follows:

A director shall at all times act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the
discharge of the duties of his office.

77 Section 157(2) reads as follows:

An officer or agent of a company shall not make improper use of any
information acquired by virtue of his position as an officer or agent of the
company to gain, directly or indirectly, an advantage for himself or for any
other person or to cause detriment to the company.

78 The legal consequences of contravening s 157 of the Act are set out in s
157(3), as follows:

An officer or agent who commits a breach of any of the provisions of this
section shall be —

(_a_) liable to the company for any profit made by him or for any damage
suffered by the company as a result of the breach of any of those provisions;
and

(_b_) guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

79 It is also important to note that s 157(4) preserves the general principles
of common law and equity. The subsection itself reads as follows:

This section is in addition to and not in derogation of any other written law
or rule of law relating to the duty or liability of directors or officers of a
company.

80 Hence, it is clear, based on the facts in the present appeal, that the
Judge could have found the directors liable both under s 157 (in particular,
subsection (1)) of the Act as well as for breach of fiduciary duty (see also
above at [41]). In the circumstances, there was no need to have recourse to ss
162 and 163 of the Act, which we have found not to be applicable in any event.
With respect to the Judge, we are of the view that the issues canvassed by the
respondent have been adequately pleaded.

81 We also observe, in passing, that ss 162 and 163 of the Act appear to be
more specific situations that would probably also be covered under s 157 of
the same. In other words, s 157 is a _general_ provision relating to the duty
and liability of the directors and officers of a company, whereas ss 162 and
163 relate to a _specific_ situation impacting on the duty and liability of
such directors and officers in the context of _loans_ to directors as well as
to persons connected with the directors of the lending company.

**Conclusion**

82 For the reasons stated above, we dismissed the appeals with costs and with
the usual consequential orders to follow, although, as explained above, we
differed from the Judge with regard to the interpretation to be placed on the
word “loan” in ss 162 and 163 of the Act.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

